Law of the Devil


E Mo Fa Ze • Emo Faze • LOTD • 恶魔法则





Duwei is born in this new world from Earth without making any sound, he does not cry, he just stares at the people around him. As he grows he does not speak and curses this new world in which he is forced to live.



His father a great general of insurance he must have aptitude for something, nevertheless he is not more than trash. Ignored by his family as the “Retarded” heir.



This is the story of your journey to discover the truths of this world and use the knowledge of your past life to remove your title of retarded, even if you have to become a devil.



Author(s):Dancing, Tiao Wu, 跳舞

Artist(s):

Year: 2009

Country: China

Genres:Action, Adventure, Comedy, Fantasy, Harem, Martial Arts, Xuanhuan

Tags:Adapted to Manhua, Alchemy, Army Building, Cold Protagonist, Cunning Protagonist, Eye Powers, Hidden Abilities, Kingdom Building, Male Protagonist, Mind Control, Modern Knowledge, Nobles, Politics, Polygamy, Reincarnated into Another World, Romantic Subplot, Special Abilities, Sword And Magic, Weak to Strong

Translator(s):Blue Silver Translations, Bcat00



* * *



ASIANOVEL VERSION: 3.0

EPUB VERSION: 2.0

UUID: 7f7c4ca0-12fa-11e9-ab7a-ab37886ab52c

USER: kkavaklioglujr

DATE CREATED: 2019-01-08

LANGUAGE: English



* * *



More info and chapters: https://www.asianovel.com/series/law-of-the-devil





Chapter 0




I’ve been releasing them quietly until I had enough chapters to deserve an update, but I’ve picked up Law of the Devil as a side project where A013 left off. Presently translated chapters are listed below, or found under Law of the Devil in the menu.

Enjoy, and point out any mistakes.

Chapter 000 – The Earl’s Son

Chapter 001-015 (By A013)

Chapter 016 – Intractable Problem

Chapter 017 – Three Hundred Gold Coins

Chapter 018 – A Different Path

Chapter 019 – Beginning! The Devil’s Road!

Chapter 020 – Half Horn City’s Magic Beast Incident



* * *





Chapter 1




Law of the Devil

Chapter 1 - Retard

translated by A013

When Duwei Roland was just born, no one dared to call him retarded. He was once so far as to be considered a genius of the Roland family.

Three years ago, when Duwei was born into the Earl Roland family, he gave a scare to the midwives. Because he never cried or make a sound.

He never needed an adult to coax him. His life is more normal than a regular adult, waking up at a consistent time, open his mouth when the meals come, and go to bed at night. Aside from opening his mouth to eat, no sound came out from his mouth. The only thing he did everyday is stare into open space.

He also rarely wet his bed, because he learned to pull the bell next to his crib. After a while, everytime he pulled the bell, the maids will come to help him. This act convinced the Roland family that the little master is a genius at such a young age.

However, this title only lasted less than half a year... because he never talked.

Children his age would have learned to speak simple words, such as “papa, mama”. But Duwei’s mouth is like sealed with a curse. No matter how much the Earl’s wife taught him, not a single sound came out of his mouth.

Even someone born mute can still hum a few sounds. But this little master is as silent as a rock. When he’s cold, hungry, needs to use the toilet, he will only pull the bell.

The Earl’s wife hired many respectable doctors, and even a few magicians to see if he’s cursed. But it was to no avail. In the end, even the optimistic Earl’s wife became sad. It seems her son is indeed retarded.

Fortunately, Duwei can walk at age three. Even though it’s half crawling, half walking, this is no different from other children.

During a stormy night a month ago, a major event happened in the Earl’s mansion.

Duwei crawled out from his room to the courtyard when the maids weren’t looking. He just stood there looking at the sky. Rain was pouring on him, and even thunder did not scare him. He clenched his fists as shouted at to the sky.

The little master that hadn’t made a sound in three years finally opened his mouth. He kept on shouting until the servants found him. He was soaking wet. His body was cold and shivering. His face pale.

The Earl’s wife came at an instant after hearing it. Then she fainted. When she woke up, she held onto her son and wept. The doctors fed him various medicines. Even two light magicians were hired to use healing spells on him.

But the little master’s body got colder and colder. His mother ran to the temple of the Goddess of Light and fetch a priest. The priest casted a blessing on Duwei. And the Earl’s wife kneeled in front of the Goddess statue the whole night praying for her son.

It wasn’t until the next day when the boy’s body started to warm up. At least his life is saved. He remained unconscious for another day. The Earl’s wife held onto him this whole time, and barely ate anything herself. After two days, her face had withered.

Then Duwei said something on his sleep. It seems to be sleep talk. Nobody can understand what it meant. But since the little master never learned to talk, it may be just nonsense sounds a baby makes.

However the Earl’s wife was delighted. After listening to Duwei carefully, she asked the maids, “Is there someone called Mard that took care of Duwei?”

“Madam, there isn’t a servant by that name.”

The servants searched through the whole mansion. Then they found a stable hand by that name. The Earl’s wife summoned him immediately.

“My son was saying your name in his sleep, Mard. I don’t know why he said it. Perhaps it’s a prophesy from the Goddess of Light. From this day on, you no longer work in the stable. You will serve the little master by his side.”

Mard was delighted. He suddenly went from a lowly stable hand to the little master’s servant. He can see the light in his future.

Though Duwei didn’t know. He was only enraged and shouted against the Gods that day. He got soaked by rain and almost lost his life. He also didn’t know he was simply cursing “Fuck” during his sleep, and someone had benefited hugely from it.

Duwei’s injury lasted a whole month. That little fragile body of his became even weaker. It wasn’t until a month before his face became less pale. But the days became just like before. The little master still doesn’t talk. He even paid no attention to Mard. He stared into empty space every day. However, sometimes the maids talked about how the Earl’s wife held onto him for two days without sleep and rest, and kneeled in front of the Goddess statue for a whole knight...

After that when the Earl’s wife came to see her son, there was a hint of emotion in his eyes, a hint of warmth.



* * *





Chapter 2




Law of the Devil

Chapter 2 - Won’t Talk, Can’t Fight

translated by A013

The day of triumphant return.

The imperial capital was basked in celebration. However the Earl’s mansion was the totally opposite. It was a dead silence. No celebration party, no welcoming ceremony, not even a simple dinner.

The Earl hurried back to his mansion, and rejected to see some guests, with the reason that after three years out in the war, he needed some personal space with his family.

Even though this disappointed the guests, no one can refute this reason.

Inside the Earl’s mansion, the kingdom’s hero and his son were staring at each other.

The look of his eyes were deep, depressing, and complex. If he didn’t firmly believe that his wife never cheated. The moment the Earl see the child, he questioned if this is really his son.

The boy’s face and build is vastly different from the Earl. The men in the Roland family were famous for their image of masculinity. A typical Roland man will have a big body, a wide chest, bulked arms, squared face, the look of a hero. At least the Earl looked like this.

But this little guy...

Even though he’s only three years old, he’s too white, and skinny. I heard he had an injury a month ago, perhaps that’s the explanation.

The three year old Earl’s heir, Duwei Roland, looked at his father with indifferent eyes. He didn’t cry like children his age. This disappointed the Earl. According to customs, the louder a child cries, the stronger they will become.

Yet, this boy was a little too quiet. He just sat on his bed, with hands on his knees, and stared at me with a bit of curiosity and inspection.

The Earl thought to himself, I must be wrong at judging, how can a child’s eyes have such complex feelings?

While the Earl was a little gloomy, Duwei’s feelings were more complex.

The Earl’s wife had soften Duwei’s heart with the events that happened. But this ‘father’ that suddenly appeared...

“He... really can’t talk?” The Earl asked his wife with a stern expression. Tears started filling up her eyes. Seeing this the Earl’s expression softened. He thought to himself, he left for three years, leaving his wife alone. A woman needed her husband the most when she was about to give birth. And he was not able to be by her side. And their son became like this, there’s nothing to blame on this poor woman.

The Earl said softly, “Honey, we will hire the wisest teacher in the kingdom. He will be able to speak one day. But his body is too weak. The Roland family built their reputation through battles and victories. And my son will follow my path to become a general. He can’t be this weak. He’s already three, I think it’s time we find him an instructor. After a few years of training his body should bulk up. What do you think about Alpha? He’s my most royal guard. His combat skills are high, and he’s royal to the family. I think starting next month, we can have Alpha teach Duwei some basic training techniques.”

Upon hearing her poor son will have to train at such an early age, tears poured down the mother’s eyes. “But.. he’s still so young.”

“Due to his body is weaker than most people, he has to take up training at an early age. Otherwise how can he inherit the Roland family!” The Earl took his position firm and that was decided.

The second day, after seeing the king and receiving his third rank 1 medal, the king promoted Earl Raymond Roland as the kingdom’s vice general.

Raymond Roland’s son is retarded, this is not a secret in the imperial city. Everyone can see the gloom on the Earl’s face during the celebration ceremony.

In the Mansion, the Earl and his son were staring at each other the second time. However, the Earl’s wife is not here this time around. The only outsider is Alpha.

Earl Raymond had an unexplainable dislike to his child. He felt that the gaze in the child’s eyes are not blank, there’s a hint of resistance. Then he thought to himself, what can a three year old know? And he was away to war since the child was born. He never even held the boy once. It is only natural for the boy to see himself as a stranger.

Alpha stood in front of Duwei’s bed and held him up. He took off the boy’s clothes and touched him from top to body. Duwei resisted but his efforts were futile. The strength of a first rank swordsman isn’t something he can resist.

Alpha gave out a sigh and put Duwei down. Then he said to the Earl, “Master Earl, I...”

“Alpha, you are my most trusted person. Don’t hesitate too much and say whatever’s on your mind.”

“Master Duwei’s body is very weak, and it seems like he was born.. deficient. A body like this is worse than a commoner’s. If he he’s going down the path of a warrior, I am afraid he won’t accomplish much.”

“Then what do you think?”

“Why don’t we see if he has talent in other fields.”

And with that, the Earl’s face darkened.

The Earl was disappointed for a few days. But under his wife’s comforting words, he cheered up a bit. After all, this is his only son.

The Roland’s reputation were warriors. However, in history, there was one or two known for their intelligence in the battlefield. These ancestors didn’t fare well in combat, but they can command the army and control the battlefield.

If he can’t learn to combat, then let’s educate him in literature.

How can a child that didn’t know how to speak learn literature? Even if you hire the wisest scholar in the kingdom, you have to at least make the child talk first.

Differing from the Earl’s wife, Earl Raymond had a feeling that his son knew how to talk, but he didn’t want to talk. The more he saw his son, the more he felt that the child isn’t retarded, rather someone that rejected this world.

The Earl put up huge rewards around the imperial city. No matter anyone’s background, whoever can make his child speak a word will be rewarded 1000 gold.

A wide variety of people came to try out. Even a few bards from far away. These people tried everything from playing a flute in front of Duwei for a whole afternoon, to banging next to his ears, to scaring him when he wasn’t cautious, even one wanted to throw the boy into a river, thinking he will ask for help, of course the last one was thrown out of the mansion.

The whole event became a hot topic in the imperial city. Yet, this difficult question was accidentally solved by a servant. And the his name? Mard.

Mard was a simple old man. The method he came up with was to bring Duwei to the stable. Normal children would be interested in animals. This method was simple but there’s no risk to a try anyway. So the Earl agreed.

Upon entering the stable...

The stable hand that took over Mard’s job was being lazy the past few days and hadn’t cleaned it. So when Mard and Duwei walked in, a horrible stink rushed to their nose. They ran out as soon as possible.

Duwei muttered in reaction, “That shit stinks.”

And with that Mard was rewarded 1000 gold, the stable hand got 20 gold for not cleaning.

“He is your teacher from this day on.” The Earl said to his son while pointing at an old man in white robe. “This is Mr. Rosia. He has the title of Star Reader (people that can tell the future by reading the stars), he’s also proficient in history.”

In the beginning, Mr. Rosia completed his job remarkably. After a year’s teaching, Duwei can already write. Even though it’s not too rare for a child to know how to write at four, it’s still uncommon.

For a while, the Earl thought maybe his child is a genius?

However, when Duwei reached five. Mr. Rosia encountered a difficult problem. That night he had a conversation with the Earl.

“Master Earl, please hire someone else.” Mr. Rosia said with a face of defeat. “Your son is a genius. An old man like me doesn’t have the energy to teach such students.”

Seeing the scholar’s face, Earl’s heart dropped a beat. He can guess what the scholar meant by genius. Even if the wise scholar can’t teach his son, then...

“But, Mr. Rosia...”

“No, no. Master Earl, please don’t ask me to stay. I am not qualified for such a difficult job.” The scholar said it with a firm voice.

The Earl let out a sigh, is it such a difficult task to teach my son? If Mr. Rosia can’t do it then there’s no one else I can rely on.

The scholar felt unease. Words like “The sun and the moon are two big spheres,” can be seen as a child’s thoughts. But then when a five year old said “Centralization of political power is the cause of corruption,” scared the scholar so much, his heart almost stopped pounding.

In fact, after teaching Duwei for a whole year, the scholar knew that he isn’t retarded like the rumors said. He was very smart, more so than children on his age. But opinions like political power can’t come from a child no matter what. So the scholar assumed that those were the words of the Earl, and the child overheard it. The Earl has huge military power and is the second person in command of the whole army. If such a person is not content with the royal house then...

Mr. Rosia is just a scholar. He didn’t want to be part of a political war.

The Earl finally agreed to let the scholar leave. The Earl thought to himself, is my son really hopeless?

Duwei was standing by the window in his room when he watched as the scholar left.

“Little master.”

“Mard, do you think ignorance is a blessing?”

Mard didn’t know how to respond. He was not educated in any bit, so when his little master asked, there’s no way for him to know the answer. Ignorance? Is the little master troubling over himself?

“Whatever.” Duwei turned his head around. His little face with fatigue.

Relative to this world, I know too much. I know why the sun and moon exist, why there are days and nights, why there are four seasons. Perhaps in this world, ignorance is a bless.



* * *





Chapter 3




Law of the Devil

Chapter 3 - The Way of Magic

translated by A013

Rumors spread throughout the imperial city. The retarded child of the Roland family made his teach left.

People were happy to talk about unfortunate things happening around such a significant person.

Earl Raymond also made a mistake when he offered the quest to find people to make his child talk. That event made Duwei famous throughout the city and became the topic of entertainment.

This day, the Earl went to see his son again. And accompanying him is a man in gray robe, gray pointed hat, with skinny fingers, and clouded eyes. This man emitted an unpleasant smell of rot and old.

“Magician Clark, this is my son.” The Earl said politely. “Can you see if he has any talent in the path of magic, even a little bit?”

If magicians are a job, then this job is the one of the most prestigious. In any place in this world, magicians is a symbol of elitists. They have the privileges of the nobility, they receive the best treatments. A strong magician can rival a small army during a war. Any country will want to recruit magicians, not just for their ability, but they also won’t threaten those in power. A magician spends most of his life in research and meditation to accumulate mana. Almost all of them has no desires of the common people. Their biggest goal is to seek the truth of magic.

But the Earl didn’t want his son to become a magician. Because magicians were feared by everyone, as monsters. They were too logical, solitary, weird, and drown in their research. No woman will like to have a relationship with a monster that dwells in his laboratory. No nobility will invite a cold magician to parties. And no kings will give a magician political power.

Duwei was the heir of the Roland family. He needed to marry, have his children, participate in social engagements of the nobles. Yet what can he do if he can’t become a warrior or scholar? The path of magic is the only one left.

The Earl led Clark and his son into a concealed room.

“Listen kid.” Clark took out a little bottle and poured out a bit of golden powder into his finger tip. He drew a circle around the room and looked at Duwei. “I casted a seal. No one will be able to hear our conversation here. Now tell me kid, what do you think is magic?”

What is magic? Duwei hesitated at this question. He’s very curious about the magic in this world. After all, there were so many fancy legends about magic. But his impression of magic revolves around chanting a spell, then magical things happen.

Seeing as Duwei remained silent, Clark laughed at himself and thought this question was probably too deep for a child. “Magic is the power given to humans by God. It’s the path for humans to reach the ultimate power. To understand themselves, understand this world, and reach the biggest gift God gave humans.”

Clark’s voice sounded sacred. However this did not affect Duwei. He remained silent and expressionless. Clark took out a crystal ball from under his robe.

“Spiritual power is used to measure if a person has the talent for magic, although it’s not the only standard, it’s the most important one. Now, let me measure your talent in mana.”

“Spiritual power? Mana? Aren’t magicians the only one with mana?” Duwei finally opened his mouth.

“Who told you such inaccurate statements? The Roland mansion doesn’t even have anyone with common sense? Spiritual power is what normal people says, we magicians call it mana. Magicians can use meditation techniques to increase our mana, then use it to observe this world, observe the secrets of nature, and all kinds of energy in nature. Only people with high enough mana can achieve this. Magic is the use of techniques to control the energy of nature with mana.

“I understand. Spiritual power is mana, and mana is a kind of lever. Magicians use this level to borrow the power of nature.”

“Hard to believe this comes out from a five year old. You are smart, why do they call you retarded?”

Duwei didn’t answer his question and just stared at Clark. Clark didn’t want to waste his time on such questions either and moved on.

“The nature contains many elements. Every one of them is a source of power. Rain, thunder, blizzard, wind, even the movements of the sun and moon, life and death of plants. A great magician can observe all the little elements. Your metaphor with lever is interesting. As you said, when your lever is bigger, you can maneuver a higher amount of energy.”

“So that’s how it is. I thought a magician’s power came from within his body.”

“I have to question, who taught you such non sense. Even a magic student knows that common sense. A human’s power is limited. No matter how strong you are, there’s a limit. But magicians can do what normal people can’t. Yet, that isn’t from their own power. Through magic the borrow power from nature. And in this world, God created us and the world. So when we are using magic, we are using the power of God. Remember, God created human. Human can’t ever possess power equal to God. That is a taboo.”

“I am curious. Why does the Roland family has someone like you that doesn’t have any common sense. I warn you not to say that power comes from a magician’s body again. You will be burned in front of the temple. Because your words questioned God.”

Duwei remained silent again.



* * *





Chapter 4




Law of the Devil

Chapter 4 - Magic Retard

translated by A013

Clark was satisfied with the child’s reaction. He took a look at the crystal ball and said, “Come, let me see if you have talent. I agreed to teach you but you must have talent. Otherwise...”

“What should I do?”

“Put your hand on the crystal ball and hold it tight. Then think of something, whether it be happiness or anger. Something that can stir up your emotions. Now let me see your talent.”

Duwei took two steps forward and put his hands on the crystal ball. His hands felt the cold and smoothness.

“Concentrate, now, think. Try your best to think of your most profound memory.” Clark’s voice sounded next to Duwei.

Duwei closed his eyes and began searching through his memory. Clark saw the crystal ball began to glow. It began with a faint glow but slowly brighten up. The magician looked astounded. He moved his eyes to Duwei and, “Hmm?”

Duwei wasn’t feeling well at the moment. He’s feeling agitated thinking of his past. He somehow ended up in another world. All the efforts that he made, his dream, his life, his goals, everything was gone. As he spent more time here, and as he adapted to this world, those memories were slowly fading away. A human’s memory will fade, this is a normal phenomenon, yet Duwei still felt a sense of sadness.

Duwei’s started to breathe rapidly. The crystal ball has a mysterious power to amplify his emotions. He could feel his heart pounding, as if it is being pressured.

Finally, a hand touched his head. A cooling sensation came from the hand and calmed his head.

“That’s ok, my child.” Clark’s voice was indifferent, but he addressed Duwei as my child instead of kid. Which means he’s satisfied with Duwei’s talent.

“Not bad.. You are not even six years old, but you have the talent of a magic student. Your mana is almost twice as a normal person. And considering your age, I am quite satisfied.”

Clark put away the crystal ball then pointed Duwei to sit down. “Now we are measuring your second talent. I will teach you the simplest magic. I want you to meditate and feel the power of nature. Then tell me what do you feel.”

Duwei memorised the chant Clark taught him. It had a simple but strange pronunciation.

“Meditate with your heart and concentrate. This is a crucial step. Many people more talented than you did not pass this step.”

“What should I do?”

“You don’t have to do anything. Just chant the spell silently, then feel your surrounding. Feel the heat, the cold, or sound, anything will do.”

Clark took out an hourglass and waited.

After a while, Duwei opened his eyes and said. “Mr. magician”

“Oh, What did you feel?”

“I...I am feeling hungry.”

“...”

Clark was disappointed with this answer. This child has excellent mana talent, but not a delicate heart to observe the world.

Mana is of course important but not the only standard. You can also improve mana by meditating. Those born with a more mana only started the path at a higher level. But being able to feel the magical elements in nature was the crucial part.

Clark taught a few students. Some of their mana talent were not as strong as Duwei. Yet, one of them could hear the sound of wind within half the hourglass’s time. He later became a magician focused on wind magic.

Those with real talent will be able to produce something in this step. In other words, Duwei was not suited to become a magician. It was such a pity.

When the Earl see Clark’s face as he came out, he knew the result.

“Earl Raymond, I am sorry your son doesn’t have the talent to become a magician. It seems like God didn’t choose him. You should find him another path.” He paused for a moment then said, “During my thirty six years of research, I have never seen someone like your son.”

Clark gave out a sigh then began to leave. After a few steps, he added, “Oh, and if he really wants to become a magician, this is only my suggestion, you can let him choose alchemy. Alchemy is at least considered a branch of magic.”

Clark waved his hand then sprinkled some golden powder. His body disappeared in a ball of fire.

The Earl’s face was filled with disappointment when Duwei came out of the room. Never seen someone like him in thirty six years, how untalented is his son for the magician to say this.

He was identified as having no warrior talent, then made a scholar leave, and now a magician. The result is Duwei once again became the topic of conversation in the city.

Where does his future lie? This question troubled everyone of the Roland family... aside from Duwei himself.



* * *





Chapter 5




Law of the Devil

Chapter 5 - Poison Master

translated by A013

Continuous disappointments struck the Earl. Then he started to put in more effort.

Not to be mistaken, he had no intention of putting more effort on his son. The Earl put this effort on his wife. If this son had no future, then he wouldn’t be able to inherit the Roland family and carry forward the legacy of the family. Then he would have to try and have another child.

The Earl’s effort on his wife paid off. After a month, The Earl’s wife was pregnant and in the next winter, Earl Raymond got his second son.

While the whole mansion was celebrating, Duwei was in his room reading about alchemy. Thank the gods the last sentence Clark said to the Earl had an effect.

For a few months the Earl didn’t come to see Duwei. Even the Earl’s wife didn’t come often due to her pregnancy. The day after his little brother was born, the servants led Duwei to see his mother and brother.

The Earl seemed pleased. This son was crying loudly like a normal child.

Earl Raymond didn’t take an extra look at Duwei, after having him see his brother, he waved him away. The Earl’s wife felt a little bad for Duwei, but the newborn’s crying occupied all her attention.

Duwei left the room. Behind him was the Earl’s laughter and the baby’s crying. Even though his heart was already numb, he still felt a bit of disappointment.

He reminded himself: Stop thinking. You do not belong to this world. He’s not your father. And she’s... she’s not...

Thinking of that stormy night, when this woman kneeled in front of the statue the whole night. Duwei felt a little sad, but shook his head. He ignored everything and put all his thoughts into studying.

Duwei couldn’t deny it, he’s still very interested in magic. Even though that Clark disapproved of his talent, he’s not willing to accept it. Maybe there’s still a chance.

The Earl’s mansion had a large collection of books, quite a few of them about magic. After reading through all those books, Duwei finally had to accept that Clark was not wrong. He didn’t have the talent to become a magician. Even if he sat there and meditate the whole day, he wouldn’t feel a bit of magical elements. And one time, he fell asleep.

Then Duwei turned his focus to alchemy. Because alchemy can be considered a branch of magic, and alchemists were barely considered magicians. Yet after inquiring around, he found out what it meant by barely. Even though alchemists were acknowledged as magicians, no one took them seriously because they couldn’t use magic.

His analogy of this was, if you compare this to the medical field, real magicians were doctors, and alchemists were nurses.

But after researching into alchemy, Duwei’s interest peaked. It was an interesting field. Like when you add a Duoluoge frog’s eye ball, to the Kuai plant, you get something that can make people mute for a while.

However, all those plants and animals mentioned in the books were new to Duwei. This seemed like the chemistry of this world.

As days pass by, Duwei indulged himself in alchemy. But he was still stuck on theories. After all, the various ingredients were difficult to obtain even for the Roland family.

Only real magicians will have those ingredients in the laboratory. And in the field of magic, alchemists were usually assistants to magicians. Furthermore, no one would like a child get in touch with those dangerous ingredients.

Six years passed. Duwei’s little brother Jibri grew up to be like a typical Roland. At six years old he started taking sword lessons from Alpha. And he had received favorable comments. Everyone in the mansion thought of him as the Roland family’s hope. Earl Raymond also decided to teach Jibri qi once he turns eight.

Everyone from the servants, to guards, to the father loved Jibri. The Earl also planned to engage him to a girl of nobility at this age.

All the while Duwei was forgotten. The Earl rarely met with him every month. Only his mother would come over. Some nights she would held onto this poor child and sing lullaby for him to sleep. Only at times like this would Duwei’s heart soften. Sometimes he had to fake sleep to avoid tearing up.

Finally when Duwei was thirteen and Jibri seven, the Earl decided to teach Jibri qi starting next year, and he also engaged Jibri to the daughter of the kingdom’s financial advisor, aged 9.

Although rumors said this engagement was already decided before Jibri was born. However, the one to marry her was originally Duwei. Yet, due to his disappointments to both families, that person was changed to his little brother, someone more talented.

One night, Duwei rode the carriage and left the imperial city. His destination was the Roland’s feudal territory in the far south of the kingdom. The reason being he’s old enough to manage family business. But Duwei knew that he was banished.

Managing the family’s business? What a joke. Every knew their most important business was in the imperial city. Until the Earl summon him, he would likely not ever come back to the imperial city again.



* * *





Chapter 6




Law of the Devil

Chapter 6 - Restless Heart

translated by A013

In this evening, a fancy horse drawn carriage slowly rode across a road in the Kete province. This carriage was made with first class materials, with a symbol carved on it, an iris wrapped around two crossing swords, a crown on top of the hilts. Two swords meant that this family once had a marshal served the king, and the crown meant they were blood related to the royal family.

There were ten knights in light armor surrounding the car. Although the armors are of good quality, the knights weren’t high in spirits. Mard sat next to the carriage driver with a straw in his mouth. He looked at the sky then knocked on the carriage’s window. “Master Duwei, should we find a place to rest? It’s getting dark.”

“Fine.” As Duwei answered, a knight on horse rode towards the carriage from afar and said, “Supervisor, there’s a town ahead, it seems like our only place to rest tonight.”

“Master Duwei ordered, we should rest ahead tonight.” Mard said.

There were only twenty knights that followed Duwei from the imperial city. A vice general could only afford to have twenty knights to accompany his eldest son to their family territory. How shabby it is. You have to know those nobility in the imperial city would bring a team of servants and guards to even a picnic.

Even these twenty knights were specially picked. Everyone knew Duwei lost the right to heir, so no one wanted to follow him and live life in a rural area. These twenty knights were either low in combat skills, or rejected by their comrades, or young and naive.

Ever since the group left the imperial city, everyone was feeling down except Duwei. He was the only one staying normal. He had not complained once. He just sat in the carriage and read books he brought.

Jumu Town was the only town in a hundred miles. There were a few hundred families in this town, but only one tavern, the Jumu Tavern. And since it’s the only tavern, their business was not bad. They had cheap alcohol, cheap roasts, cheap prostitutes... even people of the lower class needed entertainments too right?

When Duwei’s carriage arrived at the tavern, he closed his book, and walked out. This group immediately caught the attention of everyone at the tavern.

Duwei came in at last. By the time he’s inside, the knights already did their job and cleaned up a table. The people were examining Duwei. His attire and emblem denoted his nobility.

“Oh a noble.”

“Why would a noble come to our place.”

“Owner, I think you should put away the chair he sat on, maybe you can sell it for a good price.”

After a while of silence, everyone in the tavern started talking about the group.

Duwei calmly drank his alcohol. Even when people were gesticulating at him, he only frowned a little.

At this moment, a group of three men and one girl came into the tavern. They had a weary face, and dressed in inexpensive attires. Obviously not locals. Foreigners just like Duwei.

The tavern went silent again. All the men had their eyes fixed on the girl. This girl was about eighteen or nineteen, has brown hair, and a beautiful face. She’s wearing a leather armor emitting faint blue glow, with special patterns carved on it, a short skirt showing most of her leg, a dagger on her belt, a scimitar hanging from her waist, and carrying a bow and quiver behind her back. The quiver was filled with silver arrows.

Duwei could recognize those arrows were made of pure silver. How extravagant!

The girl’s companions, one was bulky with heavy armor and carrying a large shield. You could see that he’s the strength type. Another was tall and slender, carried a longbow on his shoulders. He had long fingers and a metal ring. It was obvious that he was an archer. The last one was who Duwei paid the most attention to.

This was a man in gray robe with a common face. Common enough that most people would ignore him. But Duwei noticed him because of a silver leaf emblem on his chest. People in this rural area may not recognize it but Duwei and his knights recognized that emblem. One leaf denotes that he’s a level one magician. Even though he’s only level one, but he’s a real magician that obtained certification from the magician’s guild.



* * *





Chapter 7




Law of the Devil

Chapter 7 - Long Legged Hot Chick

translated by A013

All the men were staring at this girl. One drunk got up and started walking toward her. “Hey girl...”

Before he finished talking, the bulky warrior knocked him out of the tavern. People started laughing at it.

Duwei’s eyes were filled with curiosity. A warrior, an archer, this girl was surrounded by her companions, then she’s probably the leader of the party. Is this an adventure party like those mentioned in stories?

After learning about this world, Duwei knew that there exists adventure parties similar to mercenaries. The big parties contain several hundred people while small ones just three to four people. Monsters frequently appeared in the forests to the south of the kingdom. Which attracted adventure parties to try their luck to hunt monsters and trade the loot for reward. Some local governments would also hire these adventurers to do their deeds like as capturing thieves and such.

There were no adventurer guild though. The kingdom wouldn’t allow such power to exist.

But there’s a magician in this party? This surprised Duwei a lot. After reading so many books, he knew that magicians were very scarce in this world. It not only took talent but also many years of effort to become a magician.

According to what he read, there were only several hundred magicians in this kingdom. Even some nobilities were not able to recruit magicians. That was why magicians were paid very well. Those without a huge financial backing couldn’t afford to recruit one.

Yet, a team like this had a magician in them. This was such a rarity.

The team found a table at the corner. The tavern started talking about them in low voices. Especially at Duwei’s table.

The knights weren’t in their best mood after being banished to this place. After a few rounds of alcohol, their voices started getting loud. They didn’t seem to respect Duwei much also and started talking without holding back.

Finally, one knight said, “Look at those legs, my god, I have never seen prettier legs. This hot girl would probably cost 100 gold if it’s in the imperial city’s brothel!”

“What? 100 gold? Had you ever been to the imperial city’s brothel. The cheapest girl there costs 300 gold.” The knight beside him refuted.

Duwei looked at them, thought for a moment and said, “You think she’s pretty? I say she’s average, but those legs though.”

“...”

The knights were shocked that their little master, who was quiet throughout the journey, would say something like this. Weren’t rumors said he was retarded? That was why they said those words without avoiding him.

“What’s it? Are you guys still men?” Duwei laughed. “She’s only a girl and you are knights. You can only sit here and talk when you are tempted by her? I will give 10 gold to whoever dare to go up and make a move.”

The knights laughed. Even though this little master lost his position, he seen like their kind of person. One knight said, “Master, give me those 10 gold then.”

Then he got up and shouted at the corner. “Hey girl, how about I buy you a drink?”

The girl seen enraged and wanted to get up. But her companions held her down and pointed at Duwei. They muttered something to her. Probably because they saw Duwei is a noble and didn’t want any trouble.

Seeing as they didn’t respond, the knight prepared to say something. That’s when Duwei got up and whistled to the corner. Then he flicked a middle finger.

The knights were shocked again! When had they seen someone of nobility done such vulgar actions. Especially the son of the well respected Earl.

While the knights were at a lost staring at their little master. The girl’s reaction was way faster. She threw a cup towards Duwei.

The knight in front of Duwei reacted in time and blocked the cup with his arm, but the content inside was poured out. A bit of the alcohol landed on Duwei’s arm. The knights were enraged and pulled their swords. They slowly closed in toward the corner. The girl also pulled out her scimitar and a fight was about to begin.

The tavern was in a mess. Some people fled while others stayed far away and watched.

The bulky warrior took six knights to himself. Although everyone was a little high, they held back a bit during the fight. Especially those adventurers. The magician shouted to them not to cause any critical injuries. But when the bulky warrior accidentally took a punch to his nose and started bleeding, he bashed one of the knights. The knight got knocked over to the counter and started spitting out blood. The rest of the knights started hacking harder at the warrior. Soon enough, a few injuries appeared on his body.

The archer was at the worst position. Archers were skilled at long ranged attacks. In a little place like this, his bow was rendered useless. He could only took out his dagger and attack with it. Before long, he was knocked down.

The girl seeing her teammates were falling, looked at Duwei. She dodged a knight’s attack and jumped at Duwei. But the knights hadn’t forgotten to protect their master. One knight threw a table over and knocked the girl away. Then another knight slashed at her armor. A white light flashed then repelled the sword, the armor was obviously enchanted.

The magician was hiding in a corner, but when he saw that the girl was attacked, his face got gloomy. He raised his hands and started drawing symbols while chanting a spell. Then a circle emitted from his fingers.

The Roland knights felt their body got heavier and their actions slowed down. Their swords felt many times heavier. Before long, a few knights got injured.

Duwei saw it and his eyes shined. Slow magic, this was real magic!

The magician’s finger kept on waving, then he casted a fireball toward the knights. One of the knight slashed the fireball in half, but the ember still caught on some knights. The magician kept on firing and the knights were soon at a disadvantage.

Duwei felt something’s not right. That magician had already casted eight fireballs. He didn’t know how much mana a level one magician has, but it shouldn’t be enough to cast this many spells. Furthermore, as Duwei was paying attention to the magician, he noticed the magician almost didn’t chant anything when he casted the fireballs, and his speed was way too fast. This obviously isn’t something a level one magician can do.

Duwei remembered magicians excelled at long ranged battles and weak at close combat. He took a bottle and threw it at the magician. The magician dodged the bottle but Duwei already closed in on him. But then Duwei forgot he’s only a thirteen year old. No matter how weak magicians physically were, they could at least win against a child. As Duwei was losing the brawl, suddenly, bang... the magician was knocked unconscious. Mard was standing there in panic and holding a table leg on his hand.

Without the magician’s help, the knights finally took control of the situation.

Duwei found an intact chair to sit down. He got a hang of the situation. These were ordinary adventurers, their techniques were basic, and non of them knew any qi.

Yet even these people gave such a hard time to his twenty knights. Which went to show his status in the family. They gave him twenty of the worst knights.

Duwei walked over to the girl and started studying her armor. After reading numerous books on magic, he recognized there were at least two enchants on the armor, one added agility and one added strength.

An armor with two enchants would cost a lot even in the imperial city. How can this girl with such low combat skills got a hold of such armor?

Then he took a look at her scimitar. It was embedded with a jewel. Which seemed to be a magical item that can store mana. And of course the most valuable item she had was the bow and silver arrows. Silver was not great for combat due to its hardness, but it was an anti magic material. It was widely known that some metals resist magic. This bow and arrows had anti magic attributes on it.

Duwei took another look at the girl. How did she get to have such valuable equipments?

“Take off her leather armor.” Duwei causally ordered. He was thinking of studying the magical items in a room. Then the knight answered. “Uh, master, if you want to strip her here...”



* * *





Chapter 8




Law of the Devil

Chapter 8 - Instant Casting

translated by A013

“Oh, right.” Duwei nodded then laughed. “Then find her a room and let her take it off. I don’t have any other intentions. I am just interested in your armor.”

“If you dare to touch me, I’ll make you...” The girl cursed.

Duwei walked over with a stern look and poked her face with a finger. “Now I touched you. What are you going to make me?”

The knights tied up adventurers. They somehow found a chain for the bulky warrior as well. The girl was knocked unconscious and threw into Duwei’s room. It seemed like the little master was interested in this girl, then as his knights...

The magician was standing in front of Duwei in just underwears. His hands and legs were also tied up. At first he tried to threaten this little noble. “How can you treat a magician like this, aren’t you afraid of offending the magician’s guild?”

Duwei answered with a slap on the face. This shut the magician up.

“If you can answered a few of my questions, I can consider releasing you.” Duwei sat down on a chair in front of him. “You were casting fireballs without chant. Did you mastered the instant cast technique?”

This was what Duwei was most interested in. Magicians must chant when casting a spell. This was common sense in all the books he read. However, there were some specially talented magicians who mastered the instant cast technique. They would chant their spells silently in their mind, but it required a huge mana pool and extreme understanding of magic.

Another way of casting spells without chants was to use enchanted scrolls. Magicians would create a scroll and store a magic into it in advance. However, magical scrolls were very valuable. The higher level the spell, the lower the chance of successfully creating it. Some of the highest level spells had never been created into scrolls.

Some high level magicians invented techniques to shorten the chant and leave out some sounds to cast a spell faster. However, those techniques were always kept secret. That’s how they would gain an advantage in battles. The technique of instant cast would be something everything magician lust for.

Duwei wasn’t stupid, he wouldn’t believe this level one magician could master such technique. He speculated this guy must be using some trick to replace casting. Otherwise if he was such a great magician, he wouldn’t be tied up here. Duwei was interested in that secret.

The magician’s expression looked horrible. He moved his eyes away from Duwei and kept his mouth shut. Duwei wouldn’t expect him to spit it out so easily. They were in the tavern’s kitchen. He had the time to spend with the magician.

Duwei started examining the magician’s items. A regular robe and an enchanted emblem of the magician’s guild. He threw both items into the stove and burned them. That emblem came with anti theft properties.

“You see, I meant no harm to you. I am just a boy interested in magic. If you will answer my questions, I can release you.”

The magician was still silent.

Duwei continued to examining. There were a few low quality jewels in the magician’s bag. Two regular scrolls. Some low level spells were recorded on them. Even though he had seen a lot of books related to magic, due to strict laws, no actual spells were allowed to be recorded on books, only theories.

So Duwei who knew so much about magic and it’s theories, yet didn’t know a single spell.

Similar to gun control in the other world. He thought to himself. Everyone could learn about guns through the internet, but no individual could easily create a gun.

“And what is this?” He took out a few bottles from the bag. Inside them were powders of various colors. He wouldn’t open the bottles without knowing what’s inside. Magicians often carry dangerous ingredients.

“Then my speculations are correct. You are not a real talented magician. But from what I saw, you used some tricks. Right? You have two choices, either tell me everything and satisfy my curiosity and I will release you, or you will have a rough time.”

“You are a noble! Don’t you feel it is out of your nobility to treat a magician like this”

Duwei remained silent.

Noble? So what? When Duwei came to this world he lost his friends, family, goals and everything. The first few years he felt as though he was living in a chaos, without any goals to live. Now the only thing in this unfamiliar world that could still peak his interest was magic.

And everything else? He didn’t care.

That was why he attacked these strangers in the tavern. To satisfy his curiosity. Were his actions morally justified? He didn’t care. Duwei Roland was not a good person, and neither was the him in that world.



* * *





Chapter 9




Law of the Devil

Chapter 9 - Rolynn’s Seduction Plan

translated by A013

The magician’s stubbornness was more than he had expected.

“Keep your eyes on him, don’t let him escape. Don’t forget he’s a magician. Just don’t let him recover mana. A magician without mana fare worse than a normal person.” Duwei told the knights looking over the captive. “Every once in a while, give him a cold bath. Don’t let him have time to sleep or meditate.”

Duwei got back to his room and closed the door. The girl was tied on a chair.

As Duwei stepped closer, Relin got scared. This bastard looked young, perhaps he wouldn’t do those horrible things to me. Relin understood how seductive she was to men.

Though the most feared thing on Relin’s mind was the boy’s too young and wouldn’t be interested in her body. Then she would had lost her weapon. It was not easy being an adventurer, especially when her party was weak. She had learned to use her body to deceit, as long as it didn’t go past her limit. That scimitar was a gift from a large adventure team. And the magician joined the team for her. She’s like a fox, cunning everyone yet at the same time protecting herself.

Relin’s reason for coming to the Kete province was to escape. She seduced a noble in the north and he even gifted her the enchanted leather armor handed down from his family. Yet he got nothing much out of Relin. Before he realized it, Relin was gone.

As Duwei walked closer and his hand closing in. Relin gave a sigh and was prepared to sacrifice. She started to consider how to make Duwei release her. Perhaps acting submissive to satisfy him? Or act pity and beg for sympathy?

After balancing her options Relin decided to act innocent and naive. Yes, a shy expression, a scared look, and those innocent eyes. This should seduce boys his age.

Relin was quite confident in her acting. She believe once Duwei saw it, he would show a bit of sympathy.

“Please, don’t...” She said as a hand reached behind her back. Her body started shivering at the right time. The hand unbuttoned the leather armor, and then the armor left her body, exposing her body.

What will he do? Relin felt nervous. Will he jump on me? Relin’s mind was racing with these thoughts. And then it was too quiet.

Relin finally opened her eyes and looked at the noble standing in front of her. He was examining the armor with such concentration. Not even as to spare her the peripheral visions.

Stupid kid. Damn him. Couldn’t he see my body? Relin got mad at the sight. Is he even a guy? Or is he blind?

Relin gave a discreet cough trying to get his attention. But her efforts were futile. The noble walked away to a chair then sit down and continued examining the armor. Relin continued coughing louder and louder.

“Does your throat hurt?” Duwei casually asked after a while. Finally taking his eyes off the armor and looked at her with an expression of tease.



* * *





Chapter 10




Law of the Devil

Chapter 10 - Who Knows!

translated by A013

Relin bit her lips and continued acting. She said in a soft and low voice, “What...what are you planning to do with me?” while looking at him with a pitiful expression.

Duwei laughed and scanned her teasingly. She could feel that there was no sign of desire.

Duwei threw her a blanket to cover her body.

“I don’t want a half naked girl staring at me when I am concentrating. Your acting was horrible. I still have things to do. If you want to seduce me, think of something else while I work.”

This tone, those eyes, gosh, what kind of boy is this. Relin thought. He’s seemed more experienced than I am.

Duwei found a comfortable position in the chair and took out a magnifying glass. He scanned the patterns on the armor carefully and even copied them down on paper.

All the while Relin didn’t said a word. She just stare at this weird guy. How can a boy act like he had so much experience with women?

“I am interested in your three equipments.” Duwei said without raising his head. “The leather armor has a magical pattern on it, increasing strength and agility. Looking at the corner of this armor, it seems like this armor had lived through quite some time. In my eyes, it has more value as an antique than an armor. Furthermore, there’s an emblem engraved. If my memories are correct, it belonged to a branch of the Stujiad. Stujiad is an ancient family that prevailed three hundred years ago, but they started declining a hundred years ago. That’s when they were separated into seven or eight middle sized families.”

“And your scimitar. Girls aren’t suited to using scimitars, because they required exceptional strength on the wrist. Only the foreigners living on the north west use this kind of weapon. And you...” Duwei casually took at look at her. “You have brown hair and blue eyes. This denoted you have the blood of the middle south part of the kingdom. I don’t know what your combat techniques are, but from what I saw earlier, you seem more adept at using swords. Even though you don’t have the strength, the enchant from that armor helped you so you could barely use the scimitar. There’s also a magical crystal embedded on the scimitar that can store mana. And a magic circle carved onto the scimitar that lets you use wind magic. Users with enough technique could cast a Wind Blade spell using this scimitar. This... I don’t think you could do it with your current level.”

Relin was astonished. Everything he said was correct.

“But that bow is what I am most curious about.” Duwei picked up the bow. “ The pattern on this bow symbolizes the power of the moon. According to what I read, there’s an ancient family that used the moon’s power as a totem, the Muen family. They prevailed seven hundred years ago, when half of this continent belonged to them. They believed in the Moon Goddess. But unfortunately, during the continental war a few hundred years back, the Muen family’s kingdom was destroyed. Then the continent was united under the Luolan. It was said the Muen family was extinct.”

“I am curious, how can a low level adventurer like you, with low level combat techniques, have three valuable enchanted equipments. Oh and one from the north, one from north west, and the last from an extinct family. So who are you?”

If Mr. Rosia were to hear what was just said, he would feel so proud for this student, and unfair that Duwei was rumored retarded. Even though the explanation seemed simple, they included knowledge of emblems, totems, and the history of the continent. Duwei also said everything without looking up any data. As though he had memorized everything in his head.

“How...how did you know all this?”

“Books.” Duwei put down the bow. “Books contained all of human’s knowledge. And knowledge is the lighthouse for human to move forward. I started reading these books at age 6.”

“Six? Then you must be a genius. Have you read a lot of books?” Relin sigh.

“I did read quite a bit. But I am no genius. In fact, long ago I didn’t like to read. I didn’t like knowledge.”

“But you...” Relin stopped, realizing this wasn’t the time to have such a conversation.

Duwei said as if muttering to himself. “There’s a story. There’s an exquisite porcelain shop. The owner spent a lot of time and effort creating a new piece. Unfortunately a foreigner accidently ran into the shop and broke the piece. The foreigner felt guilty and decided to create a new piece for the owner to compensate. Right... to compensate.”

“Compensate?”

“You seem to be interested in other people’s stories. But if I am you, I would worry about my situation first.”

“But you don’t seem to mind speaking to me about these things.”

“That’s because you are a beautiful girl.” Duwei shrugged. “Most men cannot help but speak more in front of a beautiful girl. That is the nature of men.”

“What do you want from me.” Relin gave up. He’s too unpredictable for her.

“Weren’t you trying to seduce me? Now why don’t you try it.”

What did he really mean by that? Relin thought.

Duwei walked over to her and put his hand on her cheeks. Then slided down to her neck. Relin felt as he’s the cat toying with a mouse. Relin started shivering and closed her eyes. Duwei removed the blanket covering her then...

The rope around her hands were cut off.

Duwei was holding a knife on his hand. He took a step back, “Ok, you can leave anytime. My knights wouldn’t refrain you. Your companions can also leave with you. But that magician needs to stay here.”

Relin was shocked and opened her eyes wide, “You said I can go?”

“Yes. I am only interested in that magician companion of yours. As to your equipments, I already studied them so I don’t need them anymore. You can take them with you.”

Relin just couldn’t understand this noble boy. “But you...you attacked us in the tavern...”

“I said I was only interested in magic, not interested in you.” Duwei said indifferently. “I am very busy and I am tired. You can leave now. Don’t disturb me. I don’t like people staring at me when I sleep.” He pointed to the door. His intentions were obvious.

Relin felt as if she was dreaming. She took the knife Duwei handed her and cut off the rope around her legs. She walked to the door like she was still confused.

“Oh yes, since fate let us meet, I have an advice for you if you don’t mind.”

“Yes please, what..what advice?” Relin said with respect.

“A girl like you better find a good guy and get married. Live in a peaceful town, marry an honest little nobility and live knowing your place. It’s difficult for a girl to survive in a world like this. Even if you don’t want to marry, you should find someone to depend on. I believe there are only few remaining of the Muen family.”

“What did you say? Muen?”

“Yes, Muen, the family that believed in the Moon Goddess. I took a look at your fingers. Your ring finger is longer than your middle finger. And there’s a bone behind your head that protruded a bit. According to the books, those are the features of someone from the Muen. These two evidences and that bow of yours, do you want to deny it?”

Relin felt feeble in front of Duwei, more so than any danger she had faced. Can he see through a person’s secrets? And that smile, that pale face, that indifference towards everything. Just like a devil.

After Relin had left, Duwei gave out a sigh and began organizing the books he brought from the city.

Mard knocked on the doors and came in, “Master, are you going to rest? Do you need anything? You haven’t eaten much this evening.”

Duwei knew that Mard was waiting outside his room the whole time, and when he saw Relin left, he was worried.

Perhaps besides the Earl’s wife, he was the one that cared most about me.

“No, and Mard, how much money do I still have?”

“1000 gold. Master, your mother gave them to you in private when you left. I have been keeping them safe.”

“I heard that Kete province produces a type of blue jewel. When we arrive there, buy some and send it back to mother.”

“She would be so delighted.” Mard said, “Master, you are smart, other people doesn’t notices it but I do. If the Earl and your mother knows about everything, they would be so proud of you, but why...”

“Why do I like to let people call me retarded?” Duwei smiled.

Mard panicked a bit but continued. “Everyone treat Jibri as a genius, but you, if it’s not you... I knew you often visit Jibri, and I saw you taught him how to write.”

“Ok Mard, I am tired. Go back to your room. We still have to continue the journey tomorrow.”

Retarded? Whatever, I don’t belong in this world.

The Earl’s wife was a respectable woman, but she didn’t know that I took the body of her first born. Even though I never wished for it.

In the end, I owe the Roland family. Especially that woman. I owe that kind hearted mother a son.

I used some methods to give them back a genius son in secret, then quietly leave that place. That is my compensation to them.

And Jibri, I hope he can satisfy them. After I left the imperial city, I couldn’t go and teach him anymore. In order to become a qualified teacher, I read and learned with all my time these years, and then found a chance to secretly teach everything to my little brother.

Yes, secretly. The Earl thought of retardedness as a contagious disease and wouldn’t let me get near Jibri often.

All the efforts these years, the passion that I never experienced even when I was going to school in the other world.

When Jibri was four and could write his name, the delighted Earl probably didn’t know how much effort his elder son spent. And how hard he tried to make world history into stories so kids would listen.

In this perspective, I think I am talented as a teacher.

Even though I felt indebted to them, I couldn’t accept another couple as my parents. So... under such circumstances, leaving the city after repaying them was the best choice.

Being banished... may not be as bad.

Jibri, you have to work hard. I can’t tell you stories anymore, nor make those training manuals into songs so you could memorize them.

I took away your son. Then I give you back a genius son.

Roland family, that is my little compensation to you.



* * *





Chapter 11




Law of the Devil

Chapter 11 - The Devil Knights

translated by A013

Relin didn’t went too far that night. She wandered around just outside the town, even though her companions wanted to leave this shitty place as soon as possible. But Relin had something else on her mind, a hint of hesitation on her face. She sat there and held on her knees staring at the moon the whole night.

The next day, Duwei continued on the road. Though this time, a ox drawn cart followed behind his group. Inside the cart was the tied up magician. The poor magician looked exhausted and soaked wet. The knights dutifully completed Duwei’s order, to give him a cold bath every once in a while.

Duwei kept up with his routine and started reading in the carriage once they were on the road. You couldn’t feel much vibrations even on bumpy roads with a high quality carriage.

A light knock on the window, followed by Mard’s voice. “Master, there’s something you need to see. Those adventurers from the tavern yesterday are following behind us.”

Duwei startled for a moment then stuck his head out the window. Indeed, that girl and her two companions were following them a hundred feet away.

The knights saw this and had a weird expression on their face. They were trying their best to hold their laughter. Yesterday, that girl came out of the master’s room, and now she’s following, huh.

“Stop the carriage. Go and fetch that girl.”

Relin had been following Duwei’s carriage the whole morning. Her head was in chaos. She didn’t know why she wanted to follow him. Was it because she’s worried about that magician? Probably not, she wouldn’t care about that magician’s life.

Then the carriage stopped and two knights rode their horses over.

“Miss, our master wants to see you, please come with us.” Due to the possibility of this girl having a relation with the master, the knights said their words politely.

Relin was still dazed. She nodded and rode her horse over subconsciously. Her companions were worried and followed.

“Why are you following me?” Duwei didn’t get off his carriage. He opened the door and looked at Relin.

Relin got off her horse and bit her lips. At that moment, she decided on an answer to the question she was struggling the whole night. Why? Perhaps it was that devilish smile.

She took a deep breath and kneeled down on one knee. She lowered her head and said in a serious voice. “I, Relin Muen, pledge loyalty to you. I am willing to become your subordinate. I will use my blood and life to uphold my pledge with the rest of my life! Will you accept my loyalty?”

Duwei was silent for a while. He inspected the girl and said. “You want to pledge loyalty to me? Why?”

“I don’t know.” Relin said what’s in her heart. “Maybe you are right. I am tired. I am starting to feel I don’t have the ability to maintain my life. Perhaps I need to find someone to depend on.”

“And you think I am that person?”

“Yes. Even though I still don’t know your identity, but you give me the feeling of... of someone extraordinary. Or you are destined to become an extraordinary person.”

“That’s a difficult decision.” Duwei sighed and turned to Mard. “Mard, I think I have the eligibility to recruit my honor knights right? How many knights can I recruit?”

Although Mard was a stable hand, he had done his homework since being promoted to Duwei’s servant. “Yes master, you are the son of the Earl, even if you don’t inherit his title, according to the law, you can receive the title of Baron. The kingdom allows those with this title to recruit ten honor knights.”

“Thank you. Only ten, although a little bit low, but knights can recruit squires right? A knight can have a few squires, then ten knights and the squires aren’t too bad.”

After receiving confirmation from Mard, Duwei turned to Relin. “Ok, I will accept your loyalty. From now on, you are my honor knight. You are the first one that received this title from me, and a female knight too.”

“Thank you, then since I pledge my loyalty, will you tell me your identity? Master.”

“Oh my identity, the first son of the Kingdom’s vice general Earl Raymond. Duwei Roland is my name. And I forgot to tell you, i have a rather famous nickname in the imperial city. They call me retard.”

“Re... retard?!” Relin widened her eyes in shock.

Heck, if this kid is a retard then there are no geniuses in this world! If he was a retard then 90% of the world's population was mentally defective.

Relin wouldn’t dare to laugh. She stood up and pointed to her companions. “Master, these are my companions, their names are...”

“No, no, no.” Duwei interrupted her. “Sorry but I am not interested in their names. And as you heard I am only allowed to have ten honor knights. I am not going to waste those slots. I am saving them for a few high level knights or swordsmen.”

Duwei didn’t even look at those two.

Don’t joke around! That bulky warrior only had higher strength, and that archer... a few hundred gold could recruit four to five. Even this female knight. If she wasn’t a beautiful girl, given her level, Duwei wouldn’t be interested in her.

“Knight Relin Muen, now that you are my honor knight, your companions can count as your squires. About your knight badge and equipments, I will give them to you when we arrive at the destination. Now lead your people and join our group. If nothing goes wrong we will arrive at my mansion tonight.”

Relin remained silent. Though her companions were rather sad that they didn’t become a knight.

There were three ways to become a true knight. One was to be high enough level and be evaluated by the Knights Guild. Second was to be a believer of the Light Temple at a young age, these people would be raised and trained then pass a series of assessments to become Templar. Third was to pledge loyalty to a noble and obtain the Honor Knight title.

These two guys were low level and not part of the Light Templar, their only chance of becoming a knight was to be recruited by a noble. But nobles with the eligibility to recruit knights wouldn’t want these people.

Relin could only say a few words to comfort them. She’s feeling complicated. Once she pledged loyalty, she’s no longer independent. This group that she spent so much effort to maintain would broke up. She’s no longer a leader but a subordinate.

She didn’t know that this day will be remembered in history.



* * *





Chapter 12




Law of the Devil

Chapter 12 - Legendary Clan

translated by A013

Duwei’s group continued to move on. Obviously the addition of a female night caught the attention of the other knights. Of course it’s not only because she’s the only girl in the group, but also her relationship with the master.

She came out from the master’s room last night. Then the next day she came to pledge loyalty.

There’s actually another reason for the attention, a bit of jealousy. Yes, jealousy, because she obtain the title of a true knight. Warding knights that belonged to a family were not real knights. They were just a title that included the word “knight”.

Then a girl that they met only a day ago, a low level warrior, suddenly became what these men desired. How can they not be jealous? It was already unfortunate that they were picked to follow the little master here. Their only goal was that someday, this master would recruit them as honor knights.

Everyone knew, that this master could only be a Baron and be able to recruit only ten knights. Then suddenly this unknown girl took one spot. This left them feeling imbalance.

The most reasonable explanation was that a thirteen year old couldn’t understand what knights were. He was treating such valuables as a child’s game. Most importantly, what can you do about a girl with a pretty face?

Relin could feel the sights by her new companions. But she was determined. This new master won’t be a normal person. This wasn’t a wrong decision.

By sunset, Duwei’s carriage crossed a river. It had the official name called “Roland River”. This river was named after the Roland family.

The Roland River spanned across Kete Province and separated it in half. Once you cross this river, you were in the territory of the Roland family.

South of the river was a prairie. This was one of the most fertile land of the kingdom, and an important producer of food. It was the size of half the Kete Province and had an official name “Roland Prairie”. Yes, it was also named after the Roland family.

Two hundred years ago, the Luolan kingdom defended a huge invasion. According to history, the foreigners from the north invaded and put the whole kingdom in war. As the kingdom was declining, rebellions started to take place. The kingdom was on the verge of collapse.

During the war, a group of exceptional people surfaced. One of them was a general from the Roland family. That general accumulated enough achievements to later become a Marshal. The king also married his sister to this marshal.

Before one of the most important battle took place, the king pointed to the Roland River and said, “If you come back with a victory, then south of this river, of the Kete Province will be rewarded to you. In addition, this prairie will also be named after your family, to show the contribution your family made to the kingdom.”

With such encouragement, he won the battle and saved the kingdom. At the same time he won the promise with the king. Since then, this river was named Roland River and this prairie named Roland Prairie. After two hundred years had passed, people had forgotten their original names.

Even though two hundred years had passed, these knights felt excited as they stepped on this land. It was a sense of belonging and pride. Look! This was the land of the Rolands. This was where the great ancestors engraved this name in the kingdoms history and in this land.

Duwei felt the carriage slowed down. He opened the window and saw the knights cheering, totally different from how they had been the past few days. There faces were filled with happiness, pride, and worship.

“We’re home! The Rolands came home! We’re back on our land!”

Different from most nobilities, the Rolands had a tradition of recruiting only warriors from their own land. They believed this could guarantee loyalty from the knights. Even the Earl’s guard, Alpha, was from this land. These knights that accompanied Duwei had been living here for generations.

Duwei thought for a moment, then understood the reason. “Mard, have we crossed the Roland River?”

“Yes master, we arrived home.”

“Mard, tell me, were you also born in Kete Province?”

“Yes, even though I grew up in the imperial city, my father was a citizen of the Roland. He worked as a stable hand under the Roland family his whole life. And I inherited his job.”

“Master, I have to remind you something.”

“Hmm?”

“The way you just said things was wrong.” Mard had a serious look on his face.

“What’s wrong? You can point it out.” Duwei smiled.

“You asked if I was born in Kete Province. That was inappropriate. Even though the Roland Prairie is located within the Kete Province, but every citizen of the Roland will not say that they belong to the Kete Province when asked of the origin. A real Roland citizen will say they were born in the Roland Prairie. They take pride in their identity. So master, please don’t say it like this next time. Otherwise you will hurt their feelings, especially since you are the elder son of the chief of the family.”

Duwei was surprised that Mard said this with pride.

Perhaps I underestimated this family. Looking at the faces of the knights, only a great family could achieve this.

Then by this situation, the Earl must felt a huge burden when his elder son was a retard. He had to continue on the legacy of the family.

Even though I didn’t approve of the way that father treated me coldly. But I am starting to understand his feelings. As a father, perhaps he could tolerate his son being useless. Yet as the chief of a huge family, he couldn’t accept his successor being someone useless. He must be responsible for the future of this family. Then it seems like his decision to give up me on was excusable.

For a moment, Duwei seemed lost.

Mard was surprised when he saw Duwei’s expression. Ever since he became Duwei’s servant, his master was always indifferent and calm. Never had he showed such expressions.

“Master... can we continue going home?” Mard asked carefully.

“Home..oh yes, go home.” Duwei answered subconsciously, then suddenly a thought rushed to his mind uncontrollably.

Go home!

A light bloomed in his clouded heart. Yes, go home.

For the me that doesn’t belong in this world, what I am missing the most was a sense of belonging. For these years I had been indifferent, not expressing my feelings and even suppressing some of them. The root of the cause is I never think of myself as part of this world. That’s why a lot of times I see myself as an observer, a guest. This mentality caused me to feel indifferent.

Go home, such a wonderful phrase.

The Duwei that was indifferent all these years, suddenly felt a sense of expectation to arriving at the Roland’s mansion.

Looking at those prideful knights. Will I be able to find my sense of belonging here? I hope so!

If I can’t go back to my real home. Then maybe I can find a new home that my heart can feel connected to. After all, since I have already come to this world, life still goes on.

With a bit of afterglow left in the sky, Duwei stepped out of the dim and concealed carriage, out of the shadow, into the beautiful sunset.

Sunlight shone on his face as though it had dispersed all the haze. This boy’s face finally showed a smile, and his expression finally had a hint of emotion.

That emotion was, expectation!



* * *





Chapter 13




Law of the Devil

Chapter 13 - The Mysterious Events Of The Rawling Ancestral Residence

translated by A013

The Roland family’s mansion inherited from ancestors were located on south west of the Roland Prairie. A tributary of the Roland River passed through this place. The land was fertile. Several farm villages and even towns were established there.

This was the origin of the Roland family. A few hundred years back when their ancestors were a little noble who owned just a small village, their bloodline started to spread in this land.

The carriage crossed a black tree forest. The trees were lush and the air fresh. Following an even path you could see a little hill on the left, and a high tower on the right. That was the Roland’s mansion.

After several hundred years of glory, the small village no longer existed. The mansion was also reconstructed countless times and it’s size grew considerably. A red stone wall embracing a castle. The castle was built using white colored stones mined from the hill. It was said that there was once a small mountain to the left, but after several hundred years of mining, that small mountain became a hill.

The arrival of the eldest son of the chief of the family received much attention. The Roland family’s private army, three hundred soldiers, who guarded the castle put on their shiny equipments and waited under the red wall in an array. The arched entrance gave Duwei a feeling of vigor, and he could see this wall could become a solid defense when needed.

The three hundred soliders demonstrated qualities of abundant training. They rode on horses with a straight back and showing adept riding skills. Their equipments were also of fine quality. These soldiers were selected from the various private armies throughout the Roland Prairie. They were well trained and could even rival the local military of the imperial city.

The black forest outside the castle was a natural hunting ground. Hunting events were held annually, which was also a type of training for the soldiers.

The castle’s main body consisted of two towers. One taller than the other. It’s even taller than that hill. Duwei knew from learning his family history that there was once a weird chief of the Roland family. Even though he’s a general, he was especially interested in Star Reading Techniques. He even married a Star Reader. That taller tower was built for his wife so she could better observe the sky.

Red carpet span from the door of the castle to Duwei’s carriage. When Duwei was about to get off, a silver haired elderly man came up to him. The old man had a slender build, dressed in a charcoal formal suit, acted old fashioned and serious.

As Duwei stepped on the ground, the old man bowed down deeply and said with a deep and slow voice, “Little master, I am the butler Sier Roland. I received info about you coming three days ago. Everyone in this castle had prepared to welcome you. Please follow me.”

Then the old butler led Duwei up the stairs. His ettiquetes were flawless, humble yet did not flatter. While Duwei was walking on the red carpet, he carefully walked along just outside the carpet to let Duwei experience this honor to himself.

The first impression inside the castle was the big flag hanging on the wall. The flag was about eight by six meters. It almost covered the whole wall. This was a flag of the family’s emblem. The flag gave this castle a solemnity feel to it.

All the servants and maids were standing on the sides of the lobby in uniforms to welcome Duwei. Though Duwei wasn’t interested in this weird “inspection”. He nodded casually and said to the butler with a low voice, “Mr. Butler, will you lead me to my reading room now? And everyone else, please go back to your work.”

Butler Sier followed Duwei’s order precisely. Soon, Duwei was led to a reading room. Well, Duwei was more willing to call this place a library. Because it was huge.

The room was circular, even the ceiling was rounded, and carved in decorative designs. On the sides were statues, most of them were ancestors who expressed excellence. Surrounding the room were huge shelves. These shelves were two stories tall and filled with books. Duwei roughly calculated, the number of books were several ten thousands. There were also many metallic cabinets used to store important stuff, such as the family tree or important files.

As a family that gain their power through war, even the reading room gave off a scent of warrior. A two handed sword and a huge axe hung on the wall across the entrance. One side of the wall had shelves displaying various weapons, though most of them archaic.

Duwei was attracted by these weapons. He could see these antiques were maintained very well.

“These were the weapons of the family’s ancestors.” The butler’s voice came from behind. “These weapons were a record of their glory.”

Duwei touched the desk softly and looked around. He could see everything was carefully cleaned and maintained, yet traces of age were obvious. Even the desk under his hand was probably older than the butler.

“This room used to be the center of family politics. This was where the chiefs of the family ruminated and made decisions. Every piece here carried the traces of those glories. Although the decision making room had since moved to the imperial city. According to family tradition, every cheif that came back to this castle has to spend his first night in this room so he would not forget the family’s glorious history and his responsibility.”

The butler looked at Duwei then lowered his head, “You are the eldest son of the current chief. You came here for inspection on his behalf, then will you...”

Duwei nodded his head cooperatively, “Traditions are traditions and must be followed. I am no exception. Even though I am not the chief, but as his eldest son and coming here on his behalf, I will follow the tradition and spend the night here.”

The butler’s expression and voice softened, “I will have the servants prepare. Well then... I know you are here to inspect on the businesses in this territory. Where will you begin your work at? I already have the income and expenses accounts prepared. When will you start reading these? Or do you want to wait...”

Duwei interrupted him with a smile. He casually walked passed the desk and sit down behind it and said, “Mr. Butler, I am feeling hungry after the long journey. Please prepare me some food then I will start looking through the things you prepared.”

Soon enough, Duwei enjoyed a very traditional afternoon tea. Just as he was finishing up a pumpkin pie, butler Sier directed two strong servants into the room. The servants were pushing a cart with a mountain load of books.

“These are all this year’s accounts?” Duwei frowned, suspicious that the butler is fooling with him.

“Little master, these all are.” The butler said seriously. “These data included the land size of the family territory, size of farmable land, the accounts of six towns, military expenses of three private armies throughout the territory, harvests, construction budgets, and even some budgeting I done for the next year.”

Duwei touched his nose and looked at this mountain of books, “... are they all here?”

“This is only part of them, and the rest...” The butler sounded a little less serious for once. “I think you will need a week for the rest.

Duwei frowned and silently inspected the butler.

This old butler doesn’t seem to be joking. Is he really that naive to think a thirteen year old boy like me can understand all these accounts? Does he think a boy can be responsible for all the family’s businesses? Then he must know I was sent here as a banishment. So what is his purpose for doing this? Is he dissatisfied with me? Afraid that I would take away his authority in this castle? Or did he cheated the from the family’s businesses and wanted to slip away by fooling me?

Everything seems like a possibility.

Duwei didn’t said anything, nor brought up any of his doubts. He took an accounts book from the top and started looking through.

After a while, he raised his head and saw the butler was still at the side.

“Oh, Mr. Butler do you still have something to talk to me?” Duwei acted carelessly and said with a cold tone, “I don’t like people at my side when I am reading.”

“Yes, master.” Butler Sier showed a hint of surprise, he opened his mouth as though to say something, but then turned around and left with the servants.

After the door to the reading room was shut, Duwei put down the book and took a few steps around the room. Then muttered to himself with a smile, “Perhaps, there’s really something worth expecting here.”

For the rest of the day, the butler came over twice. Once to refill Duwei’s tea and the second to bring him candles after nightfall. To butler Sier’s surprise, this little master was really reading those accounts. And it’s not acting but for real! After the old butler lit the candles, Duwei casually asked some questions about the accounts, and those questions really got to the points. This proved the little master wasn’t fooling around.

Is... is this the retarded little master mentioned in the messages from the imperial city?

Even though the butler tried to hide his expression, but Duwei still caught a hint of that surprise. After the butler left the room, he finished the last page on his hand.

These accounts were interesting.

Duwei spent an whole evening on these accounts, but he didn’t really look at those numbers, and not interested in seeing whether these accounts were real or fake. After all, he’s not a genius and it wasn’t possible for someone who had no knowledge of businesses to see anything wrong.

Perhaps no one would know, Duwei’s reading the accounts with a different method.

Who said that accounts could only record financial expenditures? At least Duwei learned a lot from them! And these things were not recorded in the family’s history.

Duwei got a grasp of how much the Roland family had control over their territory through the contents in these accounts. The Roland family had their own ruling system and even a fair amount of freedom from the kingdom. They had the power to decide on the final taxes, and nominate local officials. Even though the kingdom’s tax rate was fixed, they had their means of manipulating it. As long as they submit a proportion of their taxes to the kingdom’s financial center annually.

And in military power, you could see from the military expenditures in the accounts that the kingdom only had a small army garrisoned in this land. Two military reserves were garrisoned on the edge of the land, and more importantly, their supplies and gears were provided by the Roland family. The Roland’s private army maintained law and order in most of the land.

Duwei easily got a hold of the family’s current situation in economics, politics, and military through these accounts. Perhaps if the butler were to see that he could understand these accounts, his eyes would widen in disbelief.

Duwei confirmed two points: First, through taxation, the family had total control over this place, second, it was also true in military aspects.

From what Duwei learned from the other world, there’s an important common sense: a country’s control over it’s territory was reflected upon taxation and military. And these were controlled by the Roland family! What did this signify?

That the kingdom had lost control of the territory, half of the Kete Province. This place had almost became an independent kingdom itself.

Duwei leaned on the sofa and ruminated, he’s surprised by the current situation. Because when a country’s political power was losing authority, it was usually the prelude of war.

Duwei just sat their for a while. The room was silent with the occasional crackling sound from the candle. Then he stood up abruptly, turned around and stared at the wall behind him. By the wall were shelves filled with books, nothing seemed special.

Yet Duwei felt there was something special... that moment of sensation wasn’t wrong.

Because Duwei had a higher mana pool and spiritual power than the average person, he’s more sensitive to his surroundings. And just a moment ago, he felt that someone was looking at him. As if a line of vision came from unknown and hidden corner, and silently stared at him.

There’s nothing wrong with the shelves. Duwei moved his eyes up higher. Above the shelves were portraits. These portraits lined across the top. Their age varied from many decades ago to recently. They were the portraits of all the chiefs in the Roland family’s history.

The first one on the left seemed to age the most. The person was in an army uniform. He was that marshal that won the war for the kingdom and won the Roland Prairie. He looked vigorous, and those eyes had the same grimness and firmness similar to Earl Raymond. It seemed as if those eyes were looking at Duwei.

Duwei took a few steps backward, then walked left and right while staring at that portrait. Then he laughed and sighed and muttered, “Perhaps I am too sensitive... It’s just a portrait.”

He turned around to pick up another account when that marshal’s portrait behind him blinked!

Yes, a person in a portrait blinked, those eyes that kept staring at Duwei. The still eyes that originally belonged to a portrait acted as they were given life. They looked at Duwei with a sense of curiosity.

At the same moment Duwei turned around abruptly staring at the portrait. A person and a portrait crossed sight.

“Stop trying to camouflage. I know you are looking at me.” Duwei raised his hand. He was holding a silver spoon, the one that he used for the pumpkin pie. The spoon shined just like a mirror!

“You were looking at me, and I was looking at you through this. You don’t have to camouflage anymore. Don’t you know it’s rude to peep behind someone?”



* * *





Chapter 14




Law of the Devil

Chapter 14 - The Treasure In The Study I

translated by A013

In this old castle during the night, and in this reading room full of antique items, Duwei stood in the candlelights silently, staring at that portrait on the wall. A person and a portrait both fell into a moment of silence. The portrait didn’t answer him.

Duwei frowned, “Won’t answer me?”

That face still looking at his eyes.

Duwei laughed maliciously. He pushed a ladder over, climbed up the shelf then tried to take down that portrait.

The portrait’s face showed a hint of panic.

“Huuu~~!” Duwei exhaled and took the portrait off the wall. Obviously something this heavy was difficult for a boy to handle. His arms were feeling sore from it. But to his surprise, there was nothing behind the portrait. There were no tricks nor anyone hiding behind the portrait staring at him. It was the portrait itself!

Duwei became a bit more serious. He descended the ladder with the portrait in hands.

The portrait’s face showed an expression of bitterness and unease.

“What exactly are you? A drawing the came to life?”

Those eyes were avoiding him.

“This is the portrait of that ancestor of the Roland family... You wouldn’t be that ancestor coming back to life?” Duwei laughed then shook his head, “This isn’t right. That ancestor died over two hundred years ago and this portrait was drawn after he died. So my question remains, what are you?”

There was no answer.

Duwei’s face darkened, “Oh you don’t want to say it then? Don’t regret it.” He pointed to the candles. “You can see there are a lot of candle fires here, if you aren’t going to talk, then I will burn you. Do you want to dare me?”

Once said, he turned around to pick up a candle, then slowly approached the painting.

Fear and anxiety shown on that face as if begging for mercy as the candle drew near.

When the candle fire almost touched the painting, Duwei pulled it away and nodded. “It seems like you really can’t talk? Can you talk?”

The portrait’s head shook.

“Then what are you?” Duwei’s eyes were glittering! A talking portrait! Is this a product of magic?

The portrait couldn’t answer his questions. After escaping from the danger, it showed a sign of relief then looked at Duwei with interest.

Duwei tried to ask a few more questions, but it was just difficult to communicate. That face could barely nod and shook it’s head. After a while, he got nothing out from the portrait.

Then they just stared at each other.

At this time, a clock hanging on the wall rang. The time had came to midnight.

Then a light shone from the portrait’s eyes and Duwei heard a faint sigh. Even though that voice was elusive, but he could make out that was a person’s sigh.

“Listen! A magic was cast on me, I could only talk briefly when midnight comes. Once the clock’s ringing is over, I won’t be able to talk again. So I am just going to say this once. There is a hidden room in this reading room, and some treasures in that room. I can help you get those treasures but in return I need your help. One of the treasure can remove the magic cast on me.”

Duwei’s eyes widen, staring at the portrait, “Is that you talking to me?”

“Yes. No time to explain.” It’s speaking rate became faster. “Start from the third portrait on that wall. There will be directions. Follow them and if you aren’t an idiot, you should be able to find it...”

Dong

Midnight passed along with the last ring of the clock. The light on the portrait’s eyes faded away as with it’s voice.

Duwei looked at the portrait again. The face was looking at him also, asking for help.

“So you said a magic was cast on you? And there’s a hidden room containing a treasure that could remove that spell. Right?”

The face nodded with every line he said, with an expression of desire.

“Ok then, what good will this do to me? Why should I help you?”

The face’s expression changed. It wanted to say something but no word came out of it.

“Whatever, I am also quite interested. Just treat this as satisfying my curiosity.” Then Duwei climbed the ladder again and started inspecting the third portrait.

This was also a portrait of an ancestor. He was dressed in a navy uniform with a serious face and looking straight at something far away. Duwei carefully checked everywhere but couldn’t find a clue, he even took it off and looked behind the painting.

He thought for a moment then patiently started checking every detail again. He did this for three times then noticed the portrait’s eyes again. He followed the direction of the portrait’s eyes. They were looking at a sword hanging on the wall across them.

Duwei pushed the ladder over the other side of the room. It was rather physically demanding for a boy but his curiosity was driving him.

After inspecting the sword, he noticed it was pointing to the shelf by the side. Then he finally found it! There were some uneven traces on the shelf. After feeling it for a while, he found that those traces were words. These words were written in reverse. If someone didn’t accidentally touch this area, and carefully inspect these carvings, they would probably assume this was normal decorations.

He carefully read the words. “The answer lies in the sky at night, the drinking gourd is the key to moving forward.”

What is this? A riddle? Duwei sighed and descended the ladder. He sat on the floor pondering this riddle.

“The sky at night... The drinking gourd...”

Finally, he stood up with light on his face.

What is there in the sky at night? The stars! And the gourd? It must be referring to the Big Dipper!

After thinking through, Duwei started searching the shelves for books on stars. It must be a book on the subject of Star Reading. Through the catalogue, he found where the subject was located and started flipping through every book on it.

Then there was one book that was especially heavy. This book was made of metal! When he pulled it out from the shelf, a crackling sound came from the wall.

At last, the whole shelf began rotating on its own and exposed a dark entrance behind the shelf.



* * *





Chapter 15




Law of the Devil

Chapter 15 - The Mightiest Female Astrologer

translated by A013

Duwei picked up a candle, thought for a moment then took a weapon from the wall. Though considering the little body he currently had, he chose a short sword. Then he took a few new candles and put them in his pocket.

Duwei stepped into this hidden room. The faint candlelight could only light up two to three steps of space. Luckily Duwei’s higher spirit power allowed him to be better aware of the surrounding.

This was a secret path inside the wall, both sides were stone walls. The whole path was covered in dust. Even though tried his best to move softly, he couldn’t help but stir up the dust.

He would ocassionally step on some small rocks. Duwei moved forward cautiously under the flickering candlelight.

Luckily this place seemed to be ventilated. Even though the candle was flickering, it didn’t go out due to a lack of oxygen.

After a while, he reached a set of stairs. Narrow spiral stairs leading down. They were also made of stones and appeared crude, but at least they felt solid enough. Following the path down, Duwei reached a small door after thirty steps.

The metalic door was rusted. Duwei tried to turn the handle but found out the door was locked. He sighed then remembered that line from the book shelf.

“The drinking gourd is the key...”

Duwei thought for a moment, then looked around with the candle. Finally he found a picture on the ceiling. The picture was carved into the ceiling. He could barely made out that was a sky map. Although he was not well versed in stars, he still found what appeared to be the Big Dipper.

The ceiling was a bit too tall for him to reach. He started studying this map witht he candlelight. As a candle was burning out and he was about to light up another one, he suddenly thought of an important question.

Key? What a joke! If this secret path are to be discovered, then even if that person doesn’t have a key, couldn’t he just get some tools to brute force open the door? If so then the key wouldn’t be too important. Yet that hint specifically indicated key. There must be a different meaning.

In other words, it wasn’t possible to open the door without the key. This key probably wasn’t a literal key.

Duwei sat down to think for a while. When he stood up again, he jumped and hit the ceiling with his short sword.

Bang!

Duwei’s eyes lit up! This sound was a little airy.

He bent down and found a crack on the ground. Then stuck his sword in the crack and stood on top the sword. His hands could barely reach the ceiling now.

The ceiling was covered in a thick layer of dust. He groped for a while and could feel the Big Dipper felt different from the other places. He tried some methods like knock, twist, turn, etc.

Finally he turned some place and one of the star moved. Along with a crackling sound, the floor on the corner sank. A path appeared on the ground leading downward.

Duwei jumped down from the short sword with a smile. Just as he thought, it was all a trick. Duwei was sure his speculation was correct. The rusted door on the side was just a disguise. The real secret was not on this door. If whoever came here didn’t know the hint of the Big Dipper, then he wouldn’t be able to find the real secret.

Duwei was sure the real secret lied in that new path. He walked over to the path. The entrance was very narror, it could barely let a person in. The inside was dark, Duwei lit a candle and threw it inside. He could see the stairs weren’t deep, it’s just about two to three meters tall. This was probably a secret room.

He waited by the entrance for a while. When there didn’t seem to be anything unusual inside, he cautiously walked down the stairs.

This was a concealed room, the sides were stone walls. On the wall were a row of chests, most of them locked and rusted. In the middle of the room was a stone stand.

The height of the stand reached Duwei’s waist. There were a lot of decorations carved on the stand. The center was a big circle with stars on the side.

Duwei inspected it a little but he couldn’t figure out anything. Then he moved his attention to the chests. Most of these chests were locked and the locks were rusted. After some effort he found one that wasn’t locked! The only one not locked.

Inside it was a stone casket with the Roland emblem carved on it. Duwei took out the casket and opened it up. Inside the casket was a scroll. The scroll was filled with words and a hexagonal jewel fell out from the scroll.

Duwei patiently lit his third candle and started reading the scroll.

“Dear reader. You must be an descendant of the Roland family. First you must know one thing. This letter was written by your ancestor. And I am the wife of the Roland family’s seventh chief, Star Reader Saimer.”

Duwei was surprised by this opening. Saimer? He knew there was an ancestor that was very interested in Star Reading and even married a Star Reader. The tallest tower in this castle was built by that ancestor for his wife to observe the stars at night.

Duwei didn’t expect this letter to be from that Star Reader.

He continued with the letter.

“When you are reading this letter, I hope you can understand that what you are about to face is something with considerable risk. You will perhaps open a forbidden door, and behind this door is a forbidden domain out of reach by humans. At the same time, this is also the achievement of my research. If you are prepared to take the risk, then take this jewel and search the room for an opening. Insert this jewel in it and you will receive all the information I left behind. To be certain that this inheritance does not go to outsiders, you will need the blood of a Roland. Drip your blood on the jewel and it will lead you to my message.”

At the end was an extra line, “Will the great Roland family prevail. Because of my husband, I fell in love with this family. Your ancestor Saimer Kila Roland.”

Duwei finished reading and was shocked. According to what he know of the family history, he had a deep impression of Saimer Kila Roland. The wife of the seventh chief and a famous Star Reader. She was revered in the field of Star Reading. Duwei’s first teacher Mr. Rosia was also a Star Reader. The few times they mentioned her, he was filled with respect towards her. He also mentioned that Saimer was the greatest Star Reader in the past two hundred years.

The more important reason that this name left a deep impression on Duwei was this Star Reader was someone who loved her husband deeply. The ancestor that she married didn’t live long. He passed away at fifty. And she killed herself in that tower he built for her the third day he died.

Before she died, she carved a line on the tower. “Because of love, we will live forever.”

These last words made Duwei remembered her.

Duwei bent down and started searching for the opening without hesitation. It didn’t take long for him to find it. He cut his finger and dripped a drop of blood on the jewel. Then put the jewel in that opening. Then took two steps backward.

Suddenly the decorations on the stone stand lit up. The room became as bright as during the day. To a point that Duwei couldn’t open his eyes.

These light gather together and formed a pillar of light. Inside the pillar was a human figure. This figure had the size of a real person. Though not a real person, an illusion that looked very real.

Then he remembered something important! This legendary Star Reader was also a great magician. What just happened in front of him was obviously some magic.

As the light began to dim, Duwei could finally look with his eyes. He could make out the figure inside the pillar of light.

A woman dressed in a red robe, with silvery long hair, a beautiful face, tender eyes, but that pair of black eyes gave Duwei a feel of strangeness.

“The one that opened the message, I am your ancestor Saimer Kila Roland.” This illusion spoke. “This is a magical message I left before I died. This magic circle will need that jewel and the blood of a Roland to activate. Since you can see this message, then you are the descendant of the family and you can obtain my secret.”

Duwei looked at the woman in front of him with shock. She could use a magic circle and passed down a magic for over a hundred year. This kind of magic talent belonged to a great magician.

“I don’t know how many years it has passed, or how much mana is left inside that jewel. So listen to every word I say. Because I am afraid there isn’t enough mana to activate this magic circle a second time.”

The illusion said. Even though Duwei knew this was only an illusion, he still nodded to it.

“First I have to explain, what I am about to give you, may bring you unlimited amount of profit or trouble. Because this is the achievement of my whole life’s research, no one knows about it other than my husband. Since you can come to this point, you probably has a fair amount of knowledge on Star Reading, at least on stars. First I have to tell you a crucial fact, all the Star Readers in this world are wrong! Every one of them are wrong! Because Star Reading is not only a method of telling the future based on observing the stars. Even though everyone thinks of it as a divination magic, but I have to tell you it’s a type of powerful and profound magic. Star Readers shouldn’t be just scholar with knowledge of the night sky, nor fortune tellers. Real Star Readers should have power that rival a magician. If magicians can borrow power from the nature like wind, and fire, then why couldn’t Star Readers borrow power from the stars? We could even go further than that. Because I discovered a power even magicians couldn’t master, and that is the law of the universe.”



* * *





Chapter 21




I’ve been releasing them quietly until I had enough chapters to deserve an update, but I’ve picked up Law of the Devil as a side project where A013 left off. Presently translated chapters are listed below, or found under Law of the Devil in the menu.

Enjoy, and point out any mistakes.

Chapter 000 – The Earl’s Son

Chapter 001-015 (By A013)

Chapter 016 – Intractable Problem

Chapter 017 – Three Hundred Gold Coins

Chapter 018 – A Different Path

Chapter 019 – Beginning! The Devil’s Road!

Chapter 020 – Half Horn City’s Magic Beast Incident



* * *





Chapter 22




Skip to content

Translating Douluo Dalu by Tang Jia San Shao

Home

About

Chapter List

Douluo Dalu 2

Douluo Dalu 3

Teasers

Law Of The Devil

000 – The Earl’s Son

001-015 (By A013)

016 – Intractable Problem

017 – Three Hundred Gold Coins

018 – A Different Path

019 – Beginning! The Devil’s Road!

020 – Half Horn City’s Magic Beast Incident

020 – Half Horn City’s Magic Beast Incident II

021 – Moon Clan’s Secret Technique

022 – Terror Illusion Goblin

023 – Pitiful Vivian Young

024+ (By Zagreus)

066+ (By BCAT00)

Immortal Executioner

001 – Reborn

002 – As Executioner

003 – Whoever Doesn’t Dare Behead

004 – I’m The Executioner

005 – What Do I Gain From Beheading You?

006 – Beheading All The Small Change And Meeting Monsters

007 – Chop Chop Chop

008 – Incalculable Achievement

009 – Three Purities Secret

010 – Robbing The Execution Ground

011 – Yin Yang Five Phases Secrets

012 – To Kill For A Secret, Just Kill

013+ (By Weletranslations)

Bringing The Farm To Live In Another World

001 – Transmigration

002 – Out Of Luck Identity

003 – Waking Up

004 – Spatial Farm

005 – Heaven Defying Cheat

006 – Plotting

007 – Not My Regulations

009 – Morning and Evening Have Only One Sky

010 – Hope

011 – Planning

008 – Planning

012 – Headshake

013+ – DoWs Translations

Stellar War Storm

Stellar War Storm – 1.01 – Rubik’s Cube

Stellar War Storm – 1.02 – It Really Was A Slip

Stellar War Storm – 1.03 – Wah, Such A Big Skeleton!

Stellar War Storm – 1.04 – Wargod Covenant

Stellar War Storm – 1.05 – Brittleskin

Stellar War Storm – 1.07 – Little Shi

Stellar War Storm – 1.08 – Soaring Like A Heavenly Steed

Stellar War Storm – 1.09 – Explosive Noob

Stellar War Storm – 1.10 – Noble Little Sister

Stellar War Storm – 1.11 – You Really Don’t Suit Him!

Stellar War Storm – 1.12 – Soy Milk And Fried Breadsticks

HomeLaw of the Devil Chapter 22

March 1, 2015June 8, 2015 bagelson

Law of the DevilLaw of the Devil

A mid-length chapter this time, that still took me longer than I thought it would.

At least it should answer all those questions.

Chapter 022 – Terror Illusion Goblin

← 070 – Exceptional Immortal Treasures For Seven Devils071 – Clear As Ice And Clean As Jade Young Master Tang San →

17 thoughts on “Law of the Devil Chapter 22”

first

LikeLiked by 1 person

Reply

second, hahahaha …

LikeLike

Reply

thank

LikeLike

Reply

thank,,,

LikeLike

Reply

odd, can i post a comment

LikeLike

Reply

Thanks

LikeLike

Reply

Should this be duwei?

“Duwei charged forward, the longsword in his hand becoming a brilliant streak shooting at the Lion Condor that last attacked Duwei. This loyal knight didn’t hold back any of his battle qi”

LikeLike

Reply

It shouldn’t. Fixed.

LikeLike

Reply

Thanks for the new chapter!

LikeLike

Reply

Thank You!

LikeLike

Reply

Cool, thank you!

LikeLike

Reply

Thank You!!! Thank ya very much for the translation translator! Many thanks towards the Author!

LikeLike

Reply

Thanks for the chapter!!

LikeLike

Reply

thanks bagelson. nice chapter.

LikeLike

Reply

Thanks for the translation

LikeLike

Reply

In my mind, I can’t help but anglicize Du Wei as ‘Dewey’… T_T

LikeLike

Reply

can’t wait for next chapter (x).

khuhuhuhuhu ……

F5 goooo……..

LikeLike

Reply

Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Enter your comment here...

Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:

Email (Address never made public)

Name

Website

You are commenting using your WordPress.com account.

( Log Out /

Change )

You are commenting using your Google+ account.

( Log Out /

Change )

You are commenting using your Twitter account.

( Log Out /

Change )

You are commenting using your Facebook account.

( Log Out /

Change )

Cancel

Connecting to %s

Notify me of new comments via email.

Notify me of new posts via email.

Douluo Dalu – 330 – Angel And Rakshasa

October 28, 2018

Douluo Dalu – 329 – Rakshasa God Appears

October 28, 2018

Douluo Dalu – 328 – Sun Angel

July 22, 2018

Douluo Dalu 327 – Faint Green Fills The Walls

July 15, 2018

Douluo Dalu – 326 – Nine Treasure Invincible Divine Light

July 9, 2018

October 2018

July 2018

June 2018

April 2018

March 2018

February 2018

January 2018

December 2017

November 2017

October 2017

September 2017

August 2017

July 2017

June 2017

May 2017

April 2017

March 2017

February 2017

January 2017

December 2016

November 2016

October 2016

September 2016

August 2016

July 2016

June 2016

May 2016

April 2016

March 2016

February 2016

January 2016

December 2015

November 2015

October 2015

September 2015

August 2015

July 2015

June 2015

May 2015

April 2015

March 2015

February 2015

January 2015

December 2014

asdf on Douluo Dalu – 330 – Angel And Rakshasa

asdf on Douluo Dalu – 329 – Rakshasa God Appears

crow82 on Douluo Dalu – 330 – Angel And Rakshasa

raw4jc on Douluo Dalu – 330 – Angel And Rakshasa

Anonymous on Douluo Dalu – 330 – Angel And Rakshasa

RegisterLog in

Entries RSS

Comments RSS

WordPress.com

This site is a spoiler free zone, please don't share spoilers in the comments.

If you feel the need for spoilers, look to the forum or the spoiler document in the Google Drive folder.

Cult of Jingshi

Advertisements



* * *





Chapter 23




I’ve been releasing them quietly until I had enough chapters to deserve an update, but I’ve picked up Law of the Devil as a side project where A013 left off. Presently translated chapters are listed below, or found under Law of the Devil in the menu.

Enjoy, and point out any mistakes.

Chapter 000 – The Earl’s Son

Chapter 001-015 (By A013)

Chapter 016 – Intractable Problem

Chapter 017 – Three Hundred Gold Coins

Chapter 018 – A Different Path

Chapter 019 – Beginning! The Devil’s Road!

Chapter 020 – Half Horn City’s Magic Beast Incident



* * *





Chapter 24




Chapter 24 “Vivian’s Sister”

Unable to find anything else inside her pouch, Vivian looked towards Du Wei with extremely pitiful eyes, her hands fidgeting the empty bag, clearly left with nothing inside.

“Th-th-this is all that I have”. She stuttered. It’s true, she has nothing left.

Solskjaer who was next to her hated the fact that he couldn’t go and strangle Du Wei to make him agree already!

There was a mid-grade water orchid diamond, a magic medicine bag, and a bunch of top quality magic beast core… That’s in addition to the ten intermediate-level magic scrolls.

If brought before any high level magician on the continent, it would be enough to make them jealous with envy. Although many magicians are very rich, but a huge pile of possessions like this was extremely rare to come by for many.

If he doesn’t accept the deal now, what should he do if there are complications? An eighth level mage wasn’t to be trifled with!

In all honestly, this little girl looks to be a little dumb on the surface with her innocent face, but if they really did provoke her and caused her to fight excessively, there’s no doubt in everyone’s mind that an eighth level magician can decimate their group.

But it just had to be that this girl didn’t carry the slightest image of a mighty individual. If she had the slightest urge to be unreasonable, a simple high level magic would wipe the floors with these soldiers.

Granted that she was indeed a fool… but there’s no guarantee trouble won’t come knocking in the future after bullying this sorceress.

Thank goodness, while Solskjaer was about to go crazy, Du Wei finally nodded with his annoyingly calm face: “Dear Magician, I am touched by your sincerity. I believe the conditions you proposed will be very pleasing to my henchmen.”

Giving Solskjaer the signal, this guy exhaled like he was greatly relieved and ran over to pocket the compensations. With a heavy scowl in his eyes, this greedy pig stuffed the treasures into his personal bag and carefully tied the knot. Right now Solskjaer’s face looked like that of a treasure god… If anyone were to even touch that bag of his, there’s no doubt he would risk his life to defend it.

“The-then can you also l-l-let Cheche go…” Vivian looked at Du Wei with her big innocent eyes, coupled with her angelic pretty face, it made it difficult for others to trouble her.

“Oh, my henchmen’s are satisfied with “the compensation” that you offered… However, I still have another additional condition.” Du Wei went back on his words without batting an eyelash.

“B-b-b-b-but I don’t have…” The sorceress began panicking and hurriedly turns her pouch inside out to show how empty it was.

“No, no, no, I’m not asking you for material compensation.” Du Wei finally reveals his tyrannical intent. “You’re an eighth level magician, are you not? In the empire, high ranking magicians are extremely rare, especially you… I have never heard of a young lady of your age owning a medal of a grand mage. Oh, please don’t misunderstand; what I want to say is… I am personally really curious and excited about magic. Towards the splendid culture of magic, I hold a deep yearning and have spent a lot of energy in my studies. You see, I even hired a magician to serve as my personal magic advisor.”

Du Wei then raises a finger and points to his side. Clutching his bag with all ten fingers, the recipient of their focus was naturally the scrooge like Solskjaer.

Then making a deliberate sigh, Du Wei shakes his head: “Unfortunately, I’m sure you’re aware, although he is very dedicated to his work of teaching me, he’s limited by his own capacity. Meaning I’m unable to get any more knowledge from him. So, to be able to meet you here today, an eighth level magician, it’s my great honor…. Although I was frightened by your pet, but considering it’s someone as great as you who owns this small little thing, I would of course not keep the incident in mind.”

Poor little Vivian suddenly found herself unable wrap her innocent mind around the situation. In her view, this scary young nobleman just robbed her of all her possessions just moments ago… But what can she do? She’s in the wrong. It’s not like Vivian never thought of using force to reclaim Cheche, but as a person who has received a proper education since her childhood on the righteousness of this world, coupled with her secluded living style, it became difficult for this silly girl to develop evil ideas.

If not for these reasons, she wouldn’t have obediently offered up her properties. If only she knew how simple it would’ve been to solve her predicament with a simple explosion magic.

In her mind, this young nobleman was indeed very scary. But in a blink of an eye, he uttered how much of a yearning he had towards magic and held a tireless spirit towards learning… In particular was his appearance. Those words and those eyes, they all seemed so sincere.

And he said “he won’t mind being scared earlier”, my goddess, what a merciful fellow….. With these excessively simple thoughts in mind, this sorceress had already forgotten about the fact she’s been robbed blind. Stammering, Vivian said: “Thank…. Thank you….. Thank you for your tolerance.”

“No, no, I am not finished yet.” Du Wei sighed: “Unfortunately, I am always looking for a highly capable mage to broaden my magic spectrum, teach me something… Now, by fate I have met a kind hearted magician like you. Are you willing to teach magic to a person who is sincere in studying like me?”

“…. What?” Vivian senses something wrong here, but she couldn’t figure out where when facing those sincere eyes.

How honest is he! Moreover, master’s little pet threatened him just now too…. This is my mistake.

But….

“You want to learn ma-magic? But I have to return my master’s “little pet”, on-on-only….” Vivian was feeling a little awkward.

“No, no, you misunderstood me.” Du Wei laughed with a serious face and said: “I know your time is precious and should be used for your intensive research studies. You can’t waste your precious time on me, so my request to you is this. It’s not much; I only want you to teach me something. You see, I already have a magic adviser. Although his ability is limited, but he’s at the very least capable of answering my questions. All i need now is a little ‘profound knowledge’, that is all….” Du Wei gave a tiny glance at her and suddenly made a sly smile: “For example, maybe some advanced level spells.”

Solskjaer was overwhelmed by shock, unable to process what Du Wei just said!

If those treasures are a magician’s property, then those magic incantations are their life!!

Each magician spends their entire life studying those magic incantations; they absolutely will not arbitrarily take their hard earned research and hand them off to anyone!

Therefore, the books of magic commonly found in the public only recorded some basic knowledge!

No matter what the magic incantations are, whether it be low level or high level ones, a magician will only orally transmits their spells to their disciples!

The difference between a high level magician and a low level one wasn’t solely based on their spirit force, or their senses. The most critical part was having a profound understanding of their magic spells.

Magicians varying from high level to low level ones will achieve differing results even if they used the same spell. High level mages can use their own research to shorten some of the words, thus achieving a shorter cast time. When fighting, a faster casting speed means a noticeable advantage in combat.

Also, low level magicians are not capable of controlling the power of advanced magic spells.

Like Solskjaer for instance, he can only hold a few low level spells in his arsenal. If he wants to learn advance magic, he can only study them from a senior.

In all honesty, he didn’t think that Du Wei was brave enough to ask the magician for her spells, those are every mage’s closely guarded secrets!

Although this little girl was a bit overly innocent, she’s not a fool…. Otherwise, how can an idiot have this level of magic achievement?

With Du Wei’s request, Vivian remains indecisive, she repeatedly shook her little head: “No, no, no… absolutely not. My master said these magic incantations cannot be shared with anyone!”

“But, this little pet is you master’s, isn’t it? He also said you cannot lose it right?” Du Wei seemed to be misleading a juvenile into a trap like a villain.

“…….” Vivian was speechless.

“Should I tell the truth? I’m sure your master instructed you to take care of the little guy, but you disobeyed his words and lost the precious thing. My request is only a very small demand. You saw how much we suffered as a result of this little thing. I was so scared…. Now to make up for your mistake, shouldn’t you do a small compensation?”

Vivian may indeed be a genius, but her ingenuity was only limited to the scope of studying magic. As for her other aspects, there’s obvious “shortcomings”. After Du Wei’s argument, she nearly fainted from utter confusion.

In her mind, Vivian was bewildered between the responsibilities of taking care of the little pet and not revealing the magic spells… ultimately, Vivian started crying again from the conflicting choices.

She sobbed violently “Ok fine… but I can only teach you one-one-one-one thing.”

“Oh, you said one-one-one-one.” As Du Wei said the ‘one’, he kept raising his fingers until there are a total of four: “Oh? Let me have a count, so a total of four?”

“No, no, no, not right.” Vivian started panicking, her voice getting loud: “No, no, no, no, not four, but one, one, one, one….” The more she talked, the more anxious she became, causing her ‘one’ to never end.

At the same time, whenever she uttered the ‘one’ word, Du Wei cocked another finger up.

In the end, Vivian’s fever had reached a point where she’s about to bite her tongue. Seeing all ten fingers raised, she realizes that if she continued to go with this, the person in front of her would start counting with his toes.

“Stop, stop, stop, stop!!” The sorceress shouted.

Looking at the lovable little girl with her flushed cheeks, Du Wei didn’t have the courage to get anymore excessive. With a bit more negotiation, the deal stayed at the number “ten”, no more, no less.

For this type of harmful negotiation, the sorceress had to undergo fierce turmoil in her heart…. But alas, her will collapsed under the pressuring words. With that repartee and innocent mind, and most importantly her stuttering issue, it’s no wonder she couldn’t win against Du Wei in an argument.

Under normal circumstances, there’s no way a magician would stand idly by like this and be blackmailed.

Dear revered master, please forgive Vivian in disobeying your command… I just wanted to find your precious little pet. In order to execute your first command, I have to forgo the second one… This, is it right or wrong?

“I’m an aristocrat and you are a magician, we both are people of status. Our promises cannot be arbitrarily changed; I suggest we make an oath to put weight into our words…”

Then, not waiting for the sorceress to protest, Du Wei immediately raised his voice towards the Goddess of Light and made the oath.

Left with no way out, Vivian could only follow his lead and say her part. Du Wei never expected the little girl to take him so seriously. When she made her oath, this simple minded girl even used a contracting spell to bind her words, meaning she has to carry out her part of the deal or face severe consequences.

She may stutter in her words, but that speed of hers was amazingly quick like someone flipping beans!

Under normal circumstances, it’s very difficult to imagine a profound magician stuttering in their incantations, but she broke all the rules.

It’s worth mentioning that Vivian didn’t even argue with Du Wei until the end, nor show any signs of getting physical with him.

Ultimately, Du Wei still didn’t know who this master was to be able to produce an innocent girl with such high talent.

Facing the boss’s treacherous behavior towards this pitiful girl made most of the guardians present lose their voice. Many did feel slightly guilty over Du Wei’s despicable act, but none objected for they themselves suffered quite dearly at her hands too. The only exception being the knight. There’s no denying Du Wei’s act wasn’t right by the chivalrous code, but what can Robert do? He’s a servant while Du Wei’s the master.

But treating an eighth level sorceress like this… Isn’t anyone worried of the consequences?

Robert’s concern didn’t take long to become reality.

Agreeing to teach Du Wei six magic incantations and four favors, this little sorceress had no other option but to follow him back.

After getting stuck in an unequal agreement, she eventually had to think about which spell she’s going to teach Du Wei, obviously, they cannot be important ones.

It shouldn’t be blamed on Vivian that she was starting to have such thoughts in her mind. Actually… after being deceived by the devlish Du Wei, even an angel will learn to be a little sly.

Going about it like this, Vivian thought and thought, but came up with nothing. In the end, she reluctantly decided to stay by Du Wei’s side to keep up her pondering thoughts.

Fortunately, there are still some days before her master’s return. Just handle this affair within the duration… And mustn’t be found by sister!

If she’s able to resolve this issue, then she can return to master’s place. “The outside world is indeed scary. Is there many scary people like this man?”

Please have mercy goddess, Vivian isn’t deliberately speaking behind others back, please forgive me…. but, this man is really scary.

If I go back again, I’ll definitely not ever come outside again!

Sister, sister…. She’s not going to find me so soon right?

The incident was resolved without any injury to the young master, and the happiest one of all about this outcome would of course be Sir Spann.

Although the process was somewhat humiliating with dozens of soldiers being nearly annihilated in front of a small magic beast… But then again, it’s that sorcerer’s pet! This shouldn’t be a disgrace.

Relaxing his mind, Spann was enthusiastic to invite Du Wei and his company to rest at the Half Horn City’s commanding officer’s manor. The environment and condition of the place was naturally leagues ahead of the inns, so Du Wei would of course not refuse. He also wanted to find a quiet location to go over the magic incantations with Vivian.

And so, the group of people didn’t go into the city but stayed at the barracks outside.

The located place was a permanently enforced military fortress with the commanding officer’s manor also located here. That night, wanting to please the young master of the Rowling Clan, Sir Spann enthusiastically entertained everyone to a great feast. He even decided to dig a few jars of wine that was stored inside the wine cellar by the commander.

After a long tiring afternoon, everyone can now finally breathe a sigh of relief and enjoy a good meal. Here, the soldiers indulged themselves in the food and wines offered to them, and also to release the pent of frustration from today’s work.

Du Wei formally responded to Spann’s enthusiasm, and quickly found an excuse to remove himself. The truth is, he’s very much interested in seeing Vivian.

Spann knew that having dinner with Du Wei was a great regard of him already, so he didn’t retain the young master. Just as he got up to see the kid out…

Suddenly, outside the hall, there was a huge bang!

The night was peaceful without any signs of rough weather, but lightning bolts were clearly striking down! The thundering clap woke everyone inside, even those heavily drunk.

Immediately, in the blink of an eye, the main door outside the hall was hit by a big hurling fireball and was burned to ashes!

While everyone was rolling their eyes in surprise, the sound was coming from every direction!

The voice sounded like it was coming from afar, extremely cold like that of a woman’s!

“Vivian! My dear sister, where do you think you’re running off to! Give me the Terror Illusion Goblin!”





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.





* * *





Chapter 25




Chapter 25 “Battle between sisters”

The tremendous upheaval made everyone afraid!

Fortunately, inside the military camp were not many soldiers for many had been dispatched hundreds of miles away for training.

Spann was the first to wake up, his face full of rage. Grabbing the sword on the ground, he shouted: “Who dares make a raid on the local military camp!!!”

Spann was angry indeed. “Making a raid is the act of rebellion, high treason! If I cannot catch the enemy who burned the flag outside the camp in front of me, I will lose my position!” He reminded himself.

In the hall, the other officers were also red in the eye. They quickly grabbed their weapons and followed Spann out, then thereafter came the reckoning sound of thunder striking down and streaking red lights, followed by the noise of people falling down.

The Rowling clan soldiers immediately surrounded Du Wei as first measure.

Brimming with anger, Du Wei went ahead to the main gate, but soon became startled by the terrible scene outside. Spann’s soldiers were lying on the ground, their clothes and hair burnt black. Everyone was moaning, unable to stand up again.

Suddenly, a silver shadow appeared from the flight of stairs and quickly dashed in.

This shadow moved with lightning speed, even Robert couldn’t get a clear picture of the enemy’s appearance, “Stop!” He shouts at the intruder.

Robert contracted his inner force, and immediately, rays of light exuded out of his body. Then slashing his sword at the flight of stairs, a bright light shot towards the steps!

The shadow seems to have no intention of stopping; it rushed towards Robert to cross swords with him.

In a split second, Robert could feel a cold gushing sensation hit his body from the tip of his sword. The enemy’s weapon made the Knight shudder for the crippling cold had made it difficult for Robert to maintain his hold on his own sword. Immediately, a great force hit his blade and caused Robert to succumb to the blow, his whole body reacting like someone being struck by lightning, losing all his senses.

Dropping his sword, Robert fainted as the result of the excruciating pain. As he fell to the ground, his hair and clothes were already burnt black, obviously signs of being seriously wounded.

In just a split second, the new comer had defeated a Knight as powerful as Robert. While the Rowling clan soldiers were still caught up in their shock, the shadow ultimately stopped and stood in the central hall!

The intruder was obviously a woman, apparently the same person that had shouted outside.

The girl calling Vivian her young sister was tall and beautiful, so much so that she can easily be the dream girl of any man. The only demerit was her lips. Though red, it had a slightly pale complexion. Then there’s those eyes, cold and icy, making the air around her murderous and hard to get near.

She wore a strange white armor with “empty pattern” – a pattern made of a hollow carving. Thin and excessively beautiful, it’s hard to image this armor being useful in combat.

But Du Wei and Solskjaer weren’t misled by the outer appearance; they can tell those are magic inscriptions with enchanting properties.

On her back, there were also a white cape that reached the ground, matching it with her silvery hair; she’s like a snowflake fluttering in the winter storm.

White armor, white cape, delicate and beautiful, she’s like a woman that’s born of ice.

But that’s not the only reason which startled Du Wei!

At this very moment, our little noble had swept away his usual calm demeanor and stared intently at this dangerous girl with his eyes popping!

That hair, those lips, the familiar nose, everything….

Du Wei felt like he was hit by lightning because he recognizes the girl’s appearance!

No more than a few days ago, back in the library of the Rowling clan, this girl looked exactly like that person inside the hidden passageway…. Seimei, the ancestor whom founded a power known as Star Magic.

If Du Wei didn’t know that she died hundreds of years ago, he would think the sorceress standing before him was the very same in that message.

From appearances, the girl’s body was at least ninety percent similar to Seimei’s.

Du Wei rolled his eyes and his jaw dropped. In the eyes of others, his reaction only looked like someone stricken by fear from the threat in front of him. Revolving around their master, some of the Rowling clan soldiers pointed their sword towards the girl and shouted: “Treason! How audacious of you to make a raid at the imperial military camp!”

“Ha ha ha ha …” The girl laughed coldly: “I have already done it, are you just going to stand there and make idle threats?”

She gently lifts a finger and shot a beam of ice at the loudmouth. While no one could react in time, the Rowling soldier who just shouted instantly turned to ice, his frozen body dropping to the floor without resistance.

The move was too sudden with no signs at all! Du Wei ultimately regained consciousness; he glanced over at Solskjaer and saw the fear in each other’s eye!

“Rowling clan soldiers! Protect Du Wei! Risking everything you’ve got! Go!” A guardsman shouted. Raising his sword, this courageous warrior went ahead to be quickly followed by the others. Immediately, a dozen people had gathered around and pointed their blades at the intruder.

The girl laughed and turned her body. Under a sudden bright light called forth by a white circle that only lasted a second, the charging soldiers were blown away and sent flying!

Immediately, over ten bodies were crashing down in every direction, some hit the wall, some crashed into the table, and some were even blown out of the hall altogether….

On the ground, there was an abundance of people. It’s unknown what type of magic this girl used, but all of them fainted away to leave only Du Wei and Solskjaer alone in the hall.

“Oh, I didn’t expect there to be another magician here.” The girl saw Solskjaer’s robe, her eyes were shining before her smile turned cold: “Mage, where is your medal? As a magician, why are you not wearing your badge?! State you rank now!”

Solskjaer flushed at the demand for his medal was forcibly destroyed by Du Wei when the young master threw it into the fire pit. Stuttering, he could barely make out his words.

The girl shook her head: “I did not think there would be another mage in this small little camp, so, I shall follow tradition protocols and challenge you to a duel.”

As the girl finished speaking, her white long hair began to flutter like the snowflakes in the north. Then gently pointing a finger out, a badge suddenly appeared in her grasp. Pinning it to her chest, she impatiently said: ”Alright mage, you can make the first move! I‘ve always disliked wearing this badge so make it fast!”

Solskjaer wanted to faint!

Begin??

He’s not imaging things, he clearly saw it. This girl’s badge was exactly like that of the young Vivian, a high level mage!

Him, a first level magician, how can he have a fight with an eighth level one?

Have you seen a little dog fighting a dragon?

Thus, Solskjaer reacting was very direct! Turning his head to one side, he closed his eyes and promptly fainted!

“….” Looking at the cowardice man, the girl was also in shock. Pouting in contempt, she complained: “You are a coward.”

“How about you? A young nobleman? I just heard your henchmen say they are Rowling clan members, right? So you are one of them, aren’t you?

“Yes.” Du Wei’s countenance didn’t change: “My name is Du Wei. I’m the first-born child of the Vice General, Earl Raymond is my father”.

“Well, can the name of Rowling clan scare me?” The girl looked up and down carefully: “You are still nothing but a child, why did you come here.”

Her interest in Du Wei seems to fade quickly: “Vivian, if you don’t come out now I’ll flatten this place! My little sister, give me the Terror Illusion Goblin!”

Then the girl’s face showed impatience. She suddenly opens her arms, her eyes turning empty. Using her body as the epicenter, a whirlwind suddenly appeared in the hall and shot right through the roof!

Bang! Countless debris were thrown in every direction and the whirlwind remains indifferent with no signs of stopping….

“Vivian! You think I won’t dare?! You should know by now there’s nothing in this world I won’t do!”

She laughs loudly, her hands making a strange gesture…… Immediately the whirlwind became even more intense! The surrounding air began raining snowflakes!

Snow?

Holy crap! This here was the South!

Du Wei was already on the ground when the whirlwind broke through the roof.

Today he can finally feel the great power of a true magician. She alone easily wiped it clean with a large number of soldiers and they didn’t even have a chance of resisting.

And, isn’t this girl a little too strong?!

Not to say mages are incapable of fighting, but wasn’t mages supposed to be bad at melee combat?

And what’s up with that armor, no real mage would wear something so heavy…. Unless, she’s a dual master?!

(Someone who trains in magic and martial art)

“Sister …… sister! I be-be-beg you, ple-please stop!”

Finally, Vivian’s stuttering voice came. Wearing her magician’s robe, she drifted out from the military camp with a small cage in her hand. The cage was constructed out of her own magic in order to confine the Terror Illusion Goblin.

Vivian looked horrified, seemingly afraid to face her sister: “Sister I be-be-beg you ……” She pleads despite her nervousness.

“Poor little Vivian”, the icy girl sneered: “When can you understand that as a powerful individual you must have a strong personality. You wield immense power but your courage is less than a rabbit.”

Then she suddenly an object out from her waist…… a strange flute!

It’s a green flute. The girl pointed at Vivian and sneered: ”Drop the Terror Illusion Goblin, I will only take its horn and go immediately, otherwise, my dear sister, you will suffer a lot of pain. ”

Then with a swing of her flute, countless strange light rings shot out from its holes. Du Wei was lying on the ground when the ear cringing shrill reached his ears.

This was obviously a sound magic attack.

Despite being so far away from the source, Du Wei still felt like he would faint at any second, he can’t even imagine what it’s like for Vivian over there.

Vivian seems to be very afraid of her sister from how shaky her body reacted. She raised her hands quickly to recite a series of magic words. Immediately, a magic shield appeared in front, blocking the light rings.

”Terror Illusion Goblin is Master’s little pet, if you kill it, he will…” She cries out using a difficult voice.

“Humph, people around the world may be afraid of that old thing, but not me!” The girl spoke with disdain: “I need its horn, you know it too. Without it I cannot make my final magic equipment!! Hurry and hand it over!!”

After saying the final part, she suddenly rushed straight to Vivian’s side with a hand reaching out for the cage!

“No!” Vivian didn’t stutter this time, her body suddenly disappearing in a flash of light and reappeared at a distance of ten meters away.

“Ha ha ha my dear sister, your green flame teleportation magic is very good! But a cowardly person like you can only use it to escape, am I not right?!” The icy girl sneered.

“Y- you …… …… y-y-you don’t force me!” Vivian was almost crying now.

“I like forcing you! You poor little girl, just seeing you cry makes me angry!!”

The icy girl suddenly raises a hand and recited a series of mysterious words. From her palm appeared a mass of white chilling mist that became more intense by the second…..

Vivian’s face went white, she shouted: “No, no you cannot do that kind of magic here.”

“Why not!” The girl finished reciting with a huge iceberg in hand!

And within the huge iceberg, there seems to be a gigantic shadow moving about, ready to break into this world at any second!!

Vivian suddenly turned to Du Wei who was lying on the ground and exclaimed: “Y-y-y- you have to run away!”

Du Wei who was lying on the ground lapsed out for a second after he heard Vivian’s warning. He also sensed something dangerous was about to happen, but as a mortal, how far can he run away with his weak little legs? He didn’t even get the chance to move before the icy girl laughed at him: “Oh my poor little Vivian, why are you so concerned about this nobleman …… Is he your lover? Oh, the young master of the Rowling family, his background is suitable for a husband. He’s pretty handsome too, but just not very capable….”

Then she suddenly made a hooking motion with one of her fingers at Du Wei. Unable to control his body, Du Wei found himself being constricted by an invisible rope while being dragged over to the icy girl.

“Vivian! Give your little pet to me! Or I will take your little sweetheart here and turn him into an ice wraith for my collection.” Her face expressed murderous air.

“No, no …… don’t.” Vivian hurriedly shouted. The icy girl suddenly dashed towards Vivian again but came out with nothing after a few rounds. Seems Vivian’s instant teleportation technique left the icy girl without any solution. Finally, the dangerous girl angrily said, “If you don’t listen to me I’m going to start a killing spree.”

Vivian shuddered at the threat, her face showing a headache like expression as if she had reluctantly made a decision.

She secretly sighed: Master, I’m sorry, your poor little Vivian has no other choice.

Vivian finally raises her head to look at the iceberg, her eyes showing conviction: “Si-sister, you want to release the ice dragon? Then go ahead!”

After her mind became determined, her stuttering problem became better.

The ice beauty snorted: “Do you really think I won’t do it?”

Her body suddenly rushed into the sky, standing somewhere close to twenty meters above Vivian in height……

The girl was dragging the huge iceberg which was multiple times bigger than her body……She swung her arms and suddenly a small silver cone shaped drum appeared on her hands.

Letting out a faint chuckle, she then grabs it and slightly knocked on the iceberg …

Ding…!!!

This crisp sound seems to resonate for a thousand miles! Even for someone like Du Wei who’s not magically attuned can tell something’s odd about the noise. This crisp impacting sound not only extended to the ear, it was reaching into ones very soul!

Freaky, indescribably freaky!

Following suit, a howling scream suddenly came from inside the iceberg!!

The howl was like thunder, like a storm, like a tsunami! The vibrating sound caused Du Wei’s body to go limp from its intensity. Although it’s not known where the sound came from yet, but the humanistic instinct of fear instantly enveloped his whole body!!

Clackclack……

Subsequently, numerous small cracks began to spread across the iceberg.

Following the cracks were violent impacting sounds. Like thundering roars, the scene looked like something was about to break out of that chunk of ice!!

“Look closely now kid of the Rowling clan, my sister’s sweetheart.” The girl sneered. She gently continues her beating on the iceberg, her face cold: “This may be the first time in your life to ever see a dragon!”

Dragon…???

No time to be surprised, among the deafening roar, the iceberg shattered into multiple smaller pieces. Immediately, a head with a huge horn on its forehead broke through and came into this world!

A loud, tough roar resounded through the heavens and earth!!

And below, poor little Vivian was so scared that even her face was white now. Hiding the Terror Illusion Goblin inside her robe, she pulls out a small little wand from some unknown location. Closing her eyes, her face turned tense as she began to recite a series of words in some ancient language….

Suddenly, A huge flame of fire erupted behind the little girl, like an overwhelming firewall, it also came with an ear deafening roar.

Seeing this situation, the icy girl reacted like she’s been dealt a serious blow! Her face slightly changed: “Fine! Fine! I didn’t expect that old thing to pass his fire dragon to you already!!

My dear sister, let us see today whose dragon will come out on top, my ice dragon or your fire dragon!”

Vivian didn’t reply. She suddenly lifted her little wand and gently pointed at several locations in the air….. Suddenly, the space around began to twist and distort…..

Du Wei was feeling like he’s riding a train from his previous life, the scenery in front of him constantly changing at rapid speed….

When he could see everything clearly again, Du Wei found himself no longer at the camp site.

He’s in the mountains now!

“Ha ha ha ha ha ha …… My dear sister, you are indeed the same girl with that foolish personality.

You spent so much magic to get us to this place just because you are worried our fight would hurt the innocent? Haha …… how much power do you still have left to control your flame dragon after expending your magic like this?”

In the midst of her cold laugh, a numbing low roar came out…. Then the iceberg burst apart!!

First came the head along with its sizable claws the size of carriages, then its winged body the size of a small mountain pulled through. Shrouding its whole body in the cold mist, this was the so called “Dragon” of this world….





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.





* * *





Chapter 26




Chapter 26 “The world outside is so terrifying”

In the history of the Roland Empire there existed an outstanding individual whom orchestrated a famous saying: “The imperial code is sacred and mustn’t be violated. Within the empire’s border, all must strictly obey its law.”

This person later went on to become one of the greatest emperors of all times and created one of the most brilliant eras to ever befall this land, known for their just laws and steady governing.

However, it’s also this exact emperor whom added another ending to his first saying in private. The second part were undisclosed of course, but documents discovered by historians later after his passing brought weight to the authenticity of the final phrase.

“All must follow the empire’s law, but with two exceptions. The first is the emperor himself. Imperial power is always beyond the law! Another exception is…. the magicians!”

；

Powerful magicians tend to possess abilities that far exceeded the expectations of a mortal. They can change the natural order of their surroundings, they can raise mountains, create floods, their very existence are akin to the gods! If they wished it, those powerful beings can easily bring forth a calamity capable of destroying a small kingdom!

Towards people like that, the logic of enforcing a standard meant for mere mortals were obviously redundant.

Even if not individuals from those legendary tales of old, a battle between two powerful mages were enough to bring great danger to those around them. Take for example a case back when the continent had not yet been united. During that era, known to be an era of darkness and strife, it’s not unheard of for cities to be destroyed from the aftermath of a mages duel.

These havoc reeking events may have gradually disappeared after the unification of the continent, but that doesn’t mean events on a smaller scale didn’t happen. Even to this day, it’s well-known for small towns to be eradicated as a result of some destructive spell called forth by a mage.

Regardless of all this, the empire’s law never once considered prohibiting duels between mages in public. The law does prohibit the common folk, but not mages. And the magic union even stated, “If there’s any disagreement between two of their members, it’s advised both sides find a quiet place to settle their score”, but this wasn’t enforced in any way!

As such, the agreement between the empire and the magic union was this: all intermediate level or higher mages cannot be judged by common means. If the individual violated any crimes, the procedure was to let the court rule if he’s guilty or not, then handed over to the magic union for punishment. The terms of the punishment would of course be chosen by the magic union. Whether the punishment would be fair or not was another matter.

Extraordinarily skilled, can override imperial law, can do anything based on their own preferences…. To the common folk, the existence of a magician was to be feared and looked at with awe.

；

And tonight, almost all of the inhabitants of Half Horn City were woken from their slumbering dreams as a result of tonight’s commotion – some even fell off their beds from the suddenness of the racket.

Shaking from the grounds up, their homes were trembling from the rumbling quake. People panicked from the unknown. Running out, they suddenly found the night sky dazzling from a bright light over the horizon. That light flickered on and off, then came the unknown roar of some beast, leaving all the citizens fearing for their lives.

Then it came, the shocking vibration that was as strong as any earthquake, which eventually caused the northern wall to collapse! The crumbling sound of the fortification wall sent the panicking people running across the city.

And far into the distance, as if from the direction of the Half Horn Mountain, everyone can see it with their naked eyes. Two giant masses of light were colliding against each other: one silver white, one fiery red! Growing more and more intense with each impact, the illuminating light coming off from their impacting blows looked like it would overshadow even the moon hanging in the heavens.

To make things worse were the accompanying howling roars with each blow. Like a heavy hammer pounding against steel, this sound reverberated against the people’s heart.

Equally rattled were the remaining city soldiers sent out on patrol that night. This small number of men attempted to keep order in the city, but in the face of overwhelming odds, it was impossible. They were inwardly scared too.

Then the scariest thing of all finally came. Someone had long ran for reinforcement stationed in the barracks outside the city, but to the horror of the messengers, they discovered the camp littered with soldiers either heavily injured or fainted from impact, even the prestigious Sir Spann was knocked unconscious on the floor.

The panicking crowd began to rush outside the city and some even climbed for higher grounds out of desperation.

It was then the thundering clap came from the direction of Half Horn Mountain…..

“The mountain is collapsing! Half Horn Mountain is collapsing!!”

Who knows who it was that called this out first, but this piece of information rapidly spread across the crowd like a raging plague.

Indeed, Half Horn Mountain was collapsing!

Far away, the hill that could be seen with the naked eye when standing on the walls, the famous Half Horn Mountain peaks, just collapsed within their sight! The entire mountain seemed to be directly broken apart as if that’s not a mountain, but a pile of sand … … Just came crashing down!

The intense light, though far away, was powerful enough that even those dozens of Li’s away could see it, and those with better sight would discover to their horror, two strange gigantic shadows fluttering in the light….

(1 Li = 500meters – a metric system commonly used in place of meters by the chinese)

Towards the inhabitants of Half Horn city, they would probably be forever doomed to never forget this night because under this mysterious veil of fear and panic, they longed for the coming of dawn so this nightmare would end.

When the first glimmer of sunlight finally shined on that day, the overwhelming ROAR which terrified everyone, and those fierce clashes of light that took up half the night finally disappeared!

Waiting for a good full hour, and verifying the unknown disaster was really over, people gradually settled down from the fear in their hearts.

People, including Sir Spann as well as Robert and the others, rescued last night by soldiers going to the garrison barracks for help, finally woke up.

In front of the powerful magician, they were practically defenseless and were either wounded or knocked out without room for retaliation. Then under the torrents of magic from the snow beauty, the entire ground collapsed and those who rushed in the earliest came out with the heaviest injuries due to the impacting blow they were dealt with, or collapsing rubbles from the building.

Unexpectedly, it was Rolynn, the female knight, who woke up first from this ordeal. Because of the loss of blood during the fight in the day, she had been resting in the evening, adding in the number of drugs Solskjaer gave her to promote slumber, she was the first to recover. Yes, she’s still weak from the blood loss, but nevertheless, awake.

Then the one to come to next was Sir Robert, followed by Sir Spann, and then the rest of the guards of the Rowling clan. After finding their little master and that dreadful attacker missing, everyone fell into a panic.

After figuring out the situation from those around them, the wounded Robert ignored his injuries and immediately headed towards Half Horn Mountain with several of the slightly less wounded men.

By the time Sir Spann learned of Du Wei’s disappearance, this knight felt like he was suddenly thrown off a cliff!

He had been badly injured and unable to move, his only recourse now was to send his remaining troops to scour the mountainside with Robert’s men. According to the residents sighting, the dreadful woman from last night’s attack fled to Half Horn Mountain, greatly reducing their search perimeter.

Meanwhile, Sir Spann immediately took news of the Rowling young master’s disappearance and sent it off to the main forces currently dispatched for the spring military drill. At the same time, he also sent an urgent letter to the governor of Lille Province of this disaster.

Let’s not worry about Sir Spann’s future career and focus our attentions back on Sir Robert. Enduring the bristling pain on his body, Robert and his men boarded a horse drawn cart and came back up to the Half Horn Mountain. Together with Rolynn by their side, what awaited the group was the remaining rubbles of the once iconic mountain.

The scene in front of them, it’s enough to astonish the soberest of man or woman in this world!!

They were just here yesterday. Hiking over half the mountain, they flocked here in search of that magic beast. A typical hilly mountain in the southern reaches of the empire, stretching three to four miles in length, this place used to be covered in lush greenery. If standing at the peak of the mountain, one could even garner the general outline of the city.

But now….

Coming off the cart, Robert and the Rowling guards all had their jaws wide open, unable to believe their eyes, unable to take in the reality facing them!!

My Goddess! If this was a nightmare then please let it end!!!

Even though an accompanying soldier of the local garrison swore that this was definitely Half Horn Mountain…… Or, the exact location of the mountain in the past.

But even this soldier himself was in a fearful daze, his eyes filled with horror!

In front of them… …

Half Horn Mountain ……

No, it should be said that this was no longer a “mountain”!

In front of them was a big, round crater that stretched for nearly three miles in length!

Half Horn Mountain? Where is it?

This question was on everyone’s mind!

The carriage just so happens to be stopped at the edge of the disaster area. Watching the scene, Robert felt cold all over in front of the astonishing sight before him ……

According to the Knight’s speculation, the circular crater, as if left by some sort of violent explosion, was likely caused by the massive blast that occurred here last night.

At the edge of the crater were litters of stones varying from all shapes and sizes, and the ground that was once comprised of earthly soil were replaced by thick coats of sand. The closer it got to the middle, the deeper the crater became!

What’s more frightening was the shape of the hole at the center, it’s like a deep pit!

As if the Goddess herself made the work with an invisible pen, the land was divided into two halves with distinct features.

Using the pit in the middle as the boundary, the left half was covered in a thick layer of hard cold ice. As if stuck in perpetual frost, the area looked like a world of silver from the fairytales.

While at the same time the right half was the exact opposite!

If the left side was a frozen ice world, then the right half was like a searing hot desert where every drop of liquid had evaporated from the heat! Dry hard grounds littered the graveling crater, some areas filled with sand, some didn’t. The crackling surface looked like a heavy drought had just befallen this part of the land where even the stones were gaping with burn marks!

Such a huge crater with two heavy contrasting appearances left the onlookers utterly speechless.

As expected of a stalwart knight, Robert was the first to recover from the shock that hit the crowd.

“I speculate …… A fierce battle must have taken place here last night. The level of this fight is far beyond our imagination…. And that magician named Vivian is also missing; surely she must have fended off that female attacker from last night.” The knight analyzed the evidence thoroughly, “These things are not our concern…. Our only concern now is locating the young master! By the time we were saved, he’s already gone! If that’s the case, he must have been kidnapped… Maybe even….”

As for the rest, Robert decided to keep it to himself. After all, a mountain had already been blown apart, leaving only a gaping crater behind! For a mage with immeasurable power, it be easy for them to make a person disappear.

Robert’s face turned unsightly, but as the highest commander of the group here he had the duty to remain calm and not let his frustration effect the rest of his men. Clenching his teeth, “The situation may not be that bad, perhaps the young master himself escaped, or perhaps merely kidnapped. In any case, the crucial part now is to locate the lord and bring him back!”

The knight immediately issued two orders: first, scatter everyone and search the surroundings. Second, send news back to the Rowling Plains regarding this disaster!

The scope of this event had long exceeded Robert’s control.

Oh where is the young master now?

This question lingered in everyone’s heart.

So what was Du Wei doing now?

……

The answer lied in the sky for Du Wei was doing something he never dreamt possible.

He’s …… riding a dragon!

Sitting atop of the dragon’s back, they soared through the sky! Winds were everywhere and he could barely keep his eyes open even after wrapping his head in his clothes. Directly below him was a sea of clouds. Not wanting to fall, he desperately clung onto the dragon’s back as they dashed through the air. Despite the fact that he’s riding a behemoth and soaring thousands of miles above ground, Du Wei had an inexplicable urge to scream out of excitement!

“Ple-ple-please, please don’t hold its scales, okay?” Next to him came the weak voice of Vivian. The female sorceress was weakly lying on the back of the dragon with her body tightly hunched against the scales, her face pale and frail to look at. So when she saw Du Wei grabbing her precious dragon so carelessly, this female sorceress felt distressed over her pet’s treatment,

”It…it…it will feel unhappy. Dragons are a…a…a specie with high egos. M y…my “Scorching Sun” is only, only a child. It..it..it doesn’t like others grabbing its sc..scales……”

“If he doesn’t grab the scales, what else was he supposed to grab?”

Du Wei frowned. As soon as he opened his mouth, a gust of wind poured in, causing him to choke and cough as a result. Quickly lowering his head, he turns around and gave the sorceress a glimpse, “The wind is too strong, am I supposed to fall without a place to hold on to?!”

Angrily, he said: “Alright, I can let go of his scales but we must first get away from your sister’s pursuit. When we find a safe spot to land, I will make a rein for this thing.”

Rein?

My Goddess! Please forgive poor little Vivian …… Also forgive this horrible guy.

A rein on a dragon …… My heavens, does he think dragons can be so arbitrarily ridden?

At this time, the humungous red dragon underneath his body uttered a mournful cry…..

Du Wei was shocked as he shouted, “Oh no, your dragon can’t hold on anymore!”

Vivian was also distressed over the situation: “Scorching Sun is on..only a yo…young Dragon, i..it..it has just been injured, and had to carry two people..it..it..it ……”

There was a gruesome wound on the left wing; therefore, whenever it flapped its wing, it would slant slightly to one side due to difficulties in flexing its muscle.

“Hurry and think of something!“ Du Wei hollered at her, ”Otherwise both of us are going to die.”

“My..my..my belongings have all been extorted by you!!! I..I..I have no idea … …“ Vivian became speechless from fear and tears began to roll down from those pitiful eyes.

“Wahhhh！！！ The outside world is so scary! Teacher! Teacher! Please save me! I want Mommy, I want Daddy! Please come save poor little Vivian!! ”

Eh? She didn’t stutter when she’s crying!

Du Wei was so angry at this little silly girl that he nearly fell off the dragon’s back! How can she cry like a little baby calling for mommy and daddy during this crucial time!

His face turned gloomy and he scolded her a few times, but in the end, the dragon finally succumbed to the wound and couldn’t take it anymore.

Aside from fighting the whole night and depleting nearly all of its magic, this red dragon also had to escape with its master in toe. No matter how strong it was, this red dragon simply can’t keep going with a severe injury on its wing. And now, it has reached its limit.

Upon hearing a loud shriek, Du Wei abruptly felt his body sinking for the dragon was falling out of the sky…..

“God damn it! Do something! Your Dragon is done for!”

“Wahhh … … Daddy! MOMMY!! Mommyyyy……”

“Stop crying already! Or we’ll both die at this rate!!”

“Wahhh … … MOMMY …… Hurry and save poor little Vivian…….”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.





* * *





Chapter 27




Chapter 27 “Don’t work anymore”

By the time Du Wei woke up again he felt like his neck’s been crippled. Subconsciously moving his head, his neck ached badly.

At the jolt of pain, Du Wei began to regain some consciousness and found his body being posted against the icy soil….

Bit by bit his awareness returned to him, allowing him to determine he was still alive.

He did not fiddle, first keeping his body still to confirm his feet and hands were uninjured before struggling to sit upright.

He still felt a little dizzy, only remembering the last bits of memory before he fainted: The dragon couldn’t withstand the injury and finally fell out of the sky, and that silly girl totally didn’t perform like an eighth class magician when facing danger, she even cried for her mommy for goodness sake.

At the last minute, it was all thanks to that dragon’s last effort in flapping its wings to maintain the last ounce of balance. Even so, it was unable to support itself along with two passengers and eventually crashed towards the ground at rapid speed.

Then afterwards, the rest of the pieces from his mind were: crashing, loud screams, and the woods…..

Forcibly rubbing his eyes, Du Wei looked to his sides and sighed.

The humungous dragon lay not far from where he sat. Originally a forested area, the impact from when the dragon crashed damaged much of the trees in the vicinity and thus created a small bed of greenery for the big loaf. As expected of a dragon’s scale, the thickness of those plates completely shielded the big guy from any injuries. However, the rip on its wing seems to have become more serious, likely caused by the long period of forced flight.

Now, this giant dragon was soundly asleep and a faint light emitted off its red skin.

Looking at the dragon from such a close distance, even if it was sleeping, Du Wei could still feel the strong pressure coming off from this monstrous being…..

Perhaps this was the so-called humanistic nature of being inherently afraid of dangerous creatures more powerful than oneself.

Even as it breathes, the sound coming off from its smoking nose was like a storm. This quickly reminded Du Wei of the battle from last night and his body began to tingle with excitement.

Witnessing that kind of high-intensity fight was a feast for the eyes, and it all happened before him in real life! Unlike movie effects, the real deal was way more authentic.

Unfortunately enough, that ice beauty ended up being right.

Vivian, this little warm-hearted girl, afraid their battle would harm the innocent, expended huge sums of magic to teleport away from the city and into the mountains. Though she indeed saved a lot of lives, her magic reservoir were too low to beat her sister.

At first the two were limiting themselves to commanding their respective dragon with spells to fight, but the tip of the balance quickly became apparent when Vivian began losing grounds in the duel.

This silly girl was simply too kind that even when fleeing, she didn’t forget to take him along. She’s truly a conscientious girl.

Moreover, you can say she had indirectly saved many of his subordinate’s last night, being mean to her now didn’t seem right at this point.

Sighing, Du Wei looks to his side where the unconscious sorceress laid.…. Fortunately, she had no apparent injuries and her breathing was smooth.

Moving closer, Du Wei began to pat at her face in an attempt to wake her. Stirring from the disturbance, the small girl pouted in her dream and muttered something vague: “Mommy….. Daddy……, I am poor little Vivian.”

This silly girl, he really had to hand it to her for not stuttering in her sleep.

Du Wei smiled …… She’s still a kid.

To be able to survive a disaster of this magnitude, Du Wei became grateful to this silly girl. Patting her on the cheek again, he whispered: “Hey…wake up, wake up quickly.”

Drowsily opening her eyes, Vivian exclaimed when the first sight to welcome her was the face of Du Wei gazing down from above. Bouncing up, she tightly catches her collar and retreated backwards, her eyes staring intently like he would bully her.

Seeing the reaction from this silly girl, Du Wei couldn’t stop himself from making a laugh. Giving some distance, he smiled weirdly: “Miss Magician, you’re finally awake. Our situation right now isn’t good.”

Vivian shook her head, finally clearing up her muddy mind before shouting loudly: “M-m-my dragon.”

It only took one look for her to notice the sleeping dragon not far from themselves. Jumping up, she raced towards the dragon and threw herself at one of its paw. Big beads of tears began to fall down as she cried: “My Scorching Sun, my precious Scorching Sun given to me by teacher, my poor Scorching Sun.”

Then seeing the wound on the dragon’s body from last night’s battle, Vivian immediately turned over her pouch and rummaged through its content. Sadly, after much effort and searching, she came out empty handed…. Then she recalled everything in her possession had been extorted by Du Wei a while back.

Having no magic materials at all, Vivian felt hopelessly weak. Opening her arms, she began to cast a series of spells that illuminated her hands. Du Wei may not know anything about magic, but based on how faint that light was, something’s definitely not right about this here.

Vivian also froze for a moment. Taking a deep breath, her expression turns stern as she sang her next words in a deep slow voice. Growing stronger, the light begun to work on the dragon’s wound, mending it and healing the scar. This spell seems to be a healing technique… But alas, the small white light grew too weak and eventually dimmed to envelope only a small part of that delicate hand.

Compared to the massive body of the dragon, the pitiful force of that healing spell was far from enough.

Moreover, Vivian’s healing technique just wasn’t enough, removing nothing more than the scab off the wing and barely having any effect.

She stumbled back a step, her face pale white as she shook her head like she couldn’t believe how empty handed she was, “My …… my magic–magic, don’t work.”

Du Wei was shocked, ”What did you say?!”

“Ma-magic, not working anymore.” Vivian whimpered with tears in her eyes.

Not working? Du Wei was taken aback by the news. Here he was, counting on this girl to heal the dragon so they can get the heck out of here.

There’s nothing but the eerie silence of the forest here, who knows where they had landed. And when fleeing for their lives last night, the two didn’t pay heed to the direction they were going, they’re definitely lost.

“You sure you didn’t just overspend your magic and simply ran out of spiritual energy?” Du Wei cautiously asked: ”You should rest first and regain some magic.”

“No-no, I could feel the magic inside, but I’m unable to tap into the energy.”

This time, Du Wei was stunned.

Thinking for a moment, Du Wei frowned: “Since your healing magic isn’t working, what about the other spells?”

Subsequently, Vivian immediately tried several more times but the results were all disappointing!

For some unknown reasons, Vivian’s magic suddenly deteriorated by several levels.

She tested a variety of spells, such as fire magic, but something as weak as some fireballs were enough to exhaust her. As for spells more advanced like the green flame teleportation technique, that’s simply out of the question….. And the effects of each spell were at least decreased by half.

Vivian was really stupefied now! Magic was her only gift. Without her extraordinary magic talent, she had nothing else to rely on.

And now she lost over 99%! How can she possibly not be terrified?

She stared for a long time, unable to say a single word.

Du Wei was also a little surprised and couldn’t figure out why this was happening, ultimately attributing this change to the battle from last night with the ice beauty. The silly girl’s likely hurt somewhere.

Losing her magic so suddenly, Vivian’s courage the size of a bunny devolved even further until it was no bigger than a mouse. Unable to properly speak and hesitantly afraid, she looks at Du Wei with hopelessness in her tear eyes.

Unsure how to console the girl, Du Wei made a few comforting words: “You must be hurt…. Or your sister placed some kind of spell on you…..Don’t worry, your magic power is so strong, you’ll recover soon enough. And you have a powerful teacher; your teacher must have ways to help you recover your magic power.

At the mention of her teacher, little Vivian finally calmed down a bit; it seems that deep in her heart, she worshiped this teacher of hers and had great confidence in this master. Immediately standing up, ” I…I want to go back and se-see teacher!”

“Okay!” Du Wei said: “I also want to go back, but we have to be careful of your sister. She chased us all the way here up until we lost her during the sunrise. Now that you’ve lost your magic, we won’t be able to resist her if we encounter her again.” Then he points at the dragon: “Can your dragon fly?”

Vivian shook his head, then laboriously explained: “After a dragon gets injured, even without the help from an outside source, it can still slowly recover by its own magic nature. But this speed is relatively slow, and before it recovers completely, a dragon cannot fly.

Since the dragon suffered such a heavy injury, it will take more than half a year or more for it to recover by its’ own accord.

The idea of riding a dragon to leave became invalid. Du Wei could only sigh and walk around, surveying the surroundings in hopes of finding out where they are.

Ideally, he would like to make it out of the woods and find a local or two to identify the location of the nearest town.

Only problem though was this dragon. Grounded and unable to move for at least half a year, this silly Vivian refuses to leave her precious pet “Scorching Sun” alone. The situation left Du Wei helpless for he felt like he owed this silly girl. Keeping his patience in, the best solution now he can do was making the trek himself.

Breaking a branch off a tree to help clear the way, Du Wei chose a direction and moved forward. But he didn’t dare go too far, only to explore the way first.

However, it was clear today that Du Wei’s fortune will be very unlucky!

His plan was to get out the woods and find a local or two to ask for directions, preferable a village if possible.

The walking out of the woods went fine.

In no less than half an hour of walking, his eyes lay bare upon the open….

Ocean!

When he got out of the last row of trees and saw the beach in front of him, Du Wei became stunned for a moment.

Did we fly to the seaside?

He didn’t think much of it, and immediately turned around, the more he walked the more ominous he felt.

Anxiety flooded out from his heart. Quickly running back to the spot where Vivian and the dragon rested, he ignored his panting self and shouted loudly at the sorceress: “Quick, can you still flight magic? Fly up quickly and check the surrounding terrain, quick!”

Vivian froze for a moment, but looking at Du Wei’s anxious expression, she did as he demanded.

Since her magic weren’t working properly anymore, the maximum time frame for her levitating body persisted no more than ten seconds.

But …… ten seconds was enough!

Vivian flew up, flew to a point where it was high enough …… Then, she came crashing down from the sky with a face full of panic.

Fortunately Du Wei caught the silly girl and they fell to the ground together – she’s directly within Du Wei’s hold.

But this time Vivian did not hurry to push him away for she discovered something even more frightening!

“W-w-w-we are…… on an, an island……!!”

If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 28




Chapter 28 “Political Influence”

Towards the evening of this day, soldiers and citizens alike were trying to repair the crumbling parts of Half Horn City’s defense wall. It was then, on the main road outside the city grounds, clouds of dust were being kicked up from a distance.

Dashing past the city guardsmen stationed at the gate, the team of cavalrymen in their imperial armors hollered at the nearest officer.

“I want to see your highest commander!” Said the captain of the group, a fifth class knight belonging to the regional army.

Before long, Spann was carried out to meet with them, half his body still wrapped in bandages.

Remaining atop of his horse, this knight captain gave Spann an assessing look and made a slight saluting bow: “Dear Sir Knight, I am the Captain of the second cavalry division, which is directly supervised by the Governor of the Lille Province. According to the Governor’s command, from now on, using Half Horn City as the center, the area within a three hundred kilometer radius will be temporarily deemed as a military zone! I am here to take over command of the operation!”

At that, the knight captain called Goron threw over a scroll, “This here is the document signed by the Governor.”

Spann was surprised, “Gov, the Governor’s nearby too?”

“No, the Governor remains at the governor office,” said Goron with a serious face. He took a look at the heavily injured Spann and sighed: ”Sir Knight, I have a need to remind you that you are in big trouble. While it’s not entirely your fault the eldest son of Earl Raymond was attacked, but he was under your jurisdiction when it occurred. When the governor heard of the news he was very shocked. I suggest you better prepare yourself for your failure to carry out your duty. This emergency appointment document was directly sent to all the regional armies stationed across the province by using the magic union’s transfer magic.

According to this letter, the thirty thousand garrison soldiers of the Lille Province are hereby ordered to stop their exercises for the annual spring drill. Using Half Horn City as the center, all forces must make haste in search of the Rowling young master in all directions. And this time, you reported the incident involved a mage openly attacking the military barracks; I think…… you should prepare yourself. It’s highly possible the governor will summon you to the governor’s office to personally testify the event before the court. You should know your report will likely increase the tension between the military and the magic union.”

Sir Spann’s face turned ashen at the warning, he knew his military career would likely be doomed at this point. Not only were the military barracks attacked by a magician, the young master of the Rowling House had also disappeared.

Logically speaking, Spann shouldn’t have to bear all the responsibilities, after all, it’s only normal for he, himself, a fourth class knight to be powerless before a almighty magician.

But, a severe event has happened; so there must be someone to take the blame, was it not?

Trying to erect his posture, Spann made a salute. Since half his body were covered in wounds, erecting his body caused so much pain that cold sweats were dripping down his side.

Even so, he lifts his head high and proudly said: “Thanks for your reminder; Sir, I will follow every command by the Governor. Right now I deliver all the commanding rights to you, and….. Sir Knight, what time should I set out for the Governor’s office?

”Now,” said Goron. Looking at Spann, this fifth class knight showed a hint of frustration in his eyes and loudly shouted, “Following the second order of the Governor! Knight Spann, the vice-captain of Half Horn City’s imperial regional guards, due to serious negligence of your duties, the Governor has deemed you incompetent and strips you of your position. And, every military officer in Half Horn City’s regional guards will be demoted by half a rank. I hope every one of you will be able to atone for your failure by achieving military merits in the future. Sir Spann, you must set off now. The Governor hopes you can arrive at the Governor’s office before sunset.

Looking at the heavily wounded Spann, this senior knight deemed it necessary to say something. Whispering, “Sir Spann, I know you shouldn’t be blamed for the whole thing. When looking at the wounds on your body, inwardly I know you had done your best. I’ll report everything that I saw today and do my best to illustrate things were beyond your capacity to control.”

“…… Thank you.” Spann sighed. Shaking his head, he said: “I indeed failed to carry out my duty in some parts…. Well then, Sir, Knight Robert from the Rowling family is just over there at the garrison barracks outside the city. I think you need to go see him.”

Looking at the injured Spann being stripped of his armor and helmet by their fellow soldiers, Goron could not help but give a lamenting sigh.

Spann oh Spann…… Do you have any idea how big of a trouble your report has caused!

On the surface the matter may seem to only involve the kidnapping of the Rowling young master by a sorceress….. But in reality, the young master wouldn’t be able to cause thirty thousand soldiers to drop the spring drill exercises in search of him, even if he was of noble status.

In the end, the root of the matter fell into the friction between the military and the Magic Union!

Even if magicians are a recognized group that can override the law, but this time, a magician had openly dared to attack the imperial local garrison! In the military’s eye, it’s extremely serious.

This was not only a blatant provocation to the imperial military, it’s also a provocation to the empire itself! Taking it further, this action can already be regarded as treason, an act of rebellion!!

For this matter now, in the capital of the Lille province, the aids, subordinates, and officials of the governor are going nuts arguing over this! It can be predicted that there will be huge repercussions after the commander’s report was submitted.

Imperial commanders had always been dissatisfied towards the Magic

Union’s behavior of neglecting the law, and always believed that the empire gave the magicians too much privilege. So, this incident simply coincided with the tension that’s been brewing between the two opposing factions, the military and Magic Union….. It’s said that even the emperor himself was quite dissatisfied with the Magic Union in recent years because in the last naval expedition to the Southeastern Sea, the Magic Union did not send enough magicians to support the troops.

The emperor has thought to cut back on the preferential conditions given to the Magic Union, but when his majesty was about to carry out his plan, the news of the incident in the Lille Province popped up. Immediately, this event ignited the smoking fuse among many officers leading the army.

Even before Knight Goron’s departure, there was already thousands of imperial garrison officer’s demanding the severe punishment of magicians through a jointly signed document…. But, sentencing a grand mage of the eighth level?

It’s unprecedented in imperial history!

Spann headed towards the governor’s office, even though every part of his body were wounded and totally unfit for rushed traveling, but since the order came down from the Governor himself, he can only reluctantly endure the pain.

Meanwhile, Sir Goron immediately took charge of the city’s defense by issuing his own soldiers, and then quickly separated a portion of the manpower to the repair efforts of the collapsed wall from yesterday’s earthquake. Only by settling all of these issues did he go meet Sir Robert, which he found in the garrison barracks outside the city grounds.

Robert was also wounded, but he still endured despite being exhausted from searching the area for the entire day. Still, his spirit remains strong, which was hard to say for his horse. The purpose of his return was meant to outfit him with another mount

Goron promptly met with Robert and both sides talked for a while. After knowing the local garrison had assembled a massive search, Robert became slightly relieved.

“Also… I believe the Rowling family’s private army should be assembled by tomorrow. At the latest by tomorrow noon the light cavalry unit of the Rowling House should be entering the Lille province. The impact from this incident is very big…. I fear.”

As expected of Robert, a worthy retainer of the Rowling House. After spending so many years inside a big household, he would naturally be partially knowledgeable of the situation: “Yes, you mean the impact of a mage attacking the military base?”

“That’s right,” Goron slowly said: “I’ve brought a thousand cavalrymen with me and there’s still a large force gathering behind, I’ve been given charge of the entire region within a three hundred kilometer radius. But to be honest, I don’t have much confidence in myself. Nevertheless, the governor gave strict orders that we must locate Master Du Wei at any cost. Because…..”

Sir Goron looked around for signs of eavesdroppers and whispered: “Because the governor personally handed me a secret letter, its content says: Although the impact from this incident is far reaching, but it’s safe to say the commanders up there wouldn’t dare break ties with the Magic Union, at most they would just take this opportunity to suppress the union so they wouldn’t be so arrogant in the future. I’m afraid even the emperor himself wouldn’t dare offend the Magic Union and is simply going with the flow. Of course, the emperor will send some letters to condemn the union, but chances are high the matter will be eventually forgotten after diminishing its severity over a period. There’s no denying the fact that the garrison base was attacked, but nobody died. At least on this point it’s negotiable. But….. That little noble is the key! If in the worst case scenario, the young master met with some ill-conceived accident, then I’m afraid this matter would be difficult to handle. Sir Robert, do you understand what I mean?”

Robert thought for a while and nodded.

If….. If anything happens to Master Du Wei, then……

Considering the Rowling family’s status, then things cannot be overlooked for the eldest son of the clan’s chief has died at the hands of a sorceress. Even if it’s rumored the Earl doesn’t favor this son of his, the child still carries the Rowling name! Otherwise, the clan’s name preserved for hundreds of years will be tarnished by this incident. They can bear the child being killed, but the Rowling Clan cannot bear the fact their name is being sullied. If that happens, the very foundation of the Rowling House will become shaky!

Standing as the head of the house, the Earl will certainly not let this end!

And if the Earl does not relent, then ….considering the status of Rowling family and their connections, the Rowling family leader will be able to move a considerable number of imperial armed forces.

At that time, if a confrontation ensues between the military and Magic Union, things will turn chaotic!

Therefore, finding young master Du Wei will be “key” to calming the situation.

“What about the response of the Magic Union?” Robert asked

“Magic Union? Humph!” He said it with a contemptuous tone. It’s obvious from Goron’s voice that he was very dissatisfied with the Magic Union: “What else can they say?” The response from the Magic Union’s branch in Lille Province was this: “They will handle it privately. Did you hear? Handle it privately! Blatantly attacking the imperial army is treason, is rebellion! All they gave was a simple ‘internal investigation’ and its over! It’s well know the Magic Union is very bias towards their members, often disregarding any crime they commit. They are so arrogant, thinking the empire can’t afford to lose the support of mages, humph!”

Robert mused for a moment, and suddenly said: “Sir Goron, I think, only searching within a three hundred kilometers radius is not enough because the power of that female assailant is far beyond our Imagination. I believe she already ran out of our search radius by now, so I recommend …… ”

“I know.” Goron nodded: “Although the scope written on the governor’s official letter is three hundred kilometers, but the governor also told me in the confidential letter that the radius can be appropriately expanded, even if this means reaching outside of the Lille Province for the governor has arranged meetings with the officials of the surrounding areas. And as you know, pass the three hundred kilometer mark is the open sea. I heard the governor even went to acquire the Imperial Navy’s assistance. I think with the deep ties the Rowling family has with the navy, acquiring their assistance will not be a problem.”

Robert wryly smiled: “I wonder what condition Master Du Wei is in now….I hope he is ok…..”

；

How was Du Wei doing now?

Not good, very bad in fact!

Du Wei’s shoes were already broken for the lambskin footwear made for aristocrats were unsuitable for walking in the rigorous forested terrain. Also, his trousers were torn by the thorns hiding under those bushels.

He leaned against a wooden stick, smoothing the sides in the process so he can not only use it as a crutch, he can also use it as a weapon.

Now that the powerful sorceress has lost her magic, and he himself nothing more than a teenage kid, the two will naturally have to be extra careful as the dense trees may have some beasts lurking about.

While staying around the dragon remains the safest option, but surveying the area was a must…. At the very least, they need food and sustenance, or drinking water at the minimal!

After making a round across the island, Du Wei can basically determine most of the island’s terrain were comprised of dense woods!

His mouth was so thirsty now that flames were almost alit inside, and what’s most worrying of all was the fact that he couldn’t locate a single drop of fresh water! There’s no spring or small sources of fresh water on the island.

There’s not much he can do. This island wasn’t large by any means with the islands topography being slightly flat and round in shape. From east to the west, it only took him no more than half a day to transverse. According to Du Wei’s estimation, the diameter of the island should be about five miles.

A small island.

On an island like, if there’s no fresh water, then ……

Du Wei shook his head, only to come out with sigh.

The problem now was that the dragon can’t be counted on so the idea of leaving on its back was out of the question.

Then there’s this silly girl. After losing her magic, her flight spell would last no more than a dozen or so seconds before failing….. And their surrounding was the broad open ocean!

Conclusion, the two are incapable of leaving the island!

If they are unable to find food and water, then in a maximum of two days, these two would have to die here.

Vivian, with a pitiful look, followed behind Du Wei. This sorceress was terrified. Since landing on this island, her greatest reliance no longer worked, this left her extremely loss and anxious.

And now, the little noble who had always bullied her was her only sense of security. Only by following this person will she feel at ease.

So, when Du Wei proposed to survey the surroundings, Vivian insisted on tagging along with Du Wei …… Though staying with The Dragon was likely the safest option.

Even if there was some horrible beast on the island…… But in this world there’s likely no beasts that would dare approach a dragon.

Losing her magic and walking for a long time, Vivian’s feet ached so badly that she believed it might be bruised. However, seeing the gloominess looming over the little nobility in front of her, Vivian didn’t have the nerve to complain and could only follow from the back with a frown.

Although Du Wei was slightly annoyed by their circumstances, he’s not blind to the silly girl’s displeasure. Walking such a long way, there’s no doubt the trek would be too much for a delicate girl of her nature.

“Let’s rest for a while.” Du Wei sighed and waved his walking stick around the area to be sure there’s no snake hiding in the bushels. Once he deemed it safe, Du Wei helped Vivian over to sit.

Vivian was almost shedding tears over how painful her foot felt. She never expected how good it was to rest.

Du Wei thought for a while before taking off his coat. Quickly ripping it to pieces, he handed the strips to Vivian: “Here! Your soles are hard; it’s no wonder your feet’s hurting. Cover your feet with these and it will feel much better.”

“Tha…… thank you.” Thinking for a moment, Vivian became a little scared: “A… Are we, able to leave from here?”

“Leaving ……” Du Wei bitterly smiled. He could not bear to disappoint the little girl: “First of all we have to find food and water, as for other things, we’ll fix it one by one.”

Du Wei pondered for a moment and said: “After walking for a day, I can now confirm that first, according to the winds direction, I am sure the weather here is part of the spring monsoon. Concurring to this, I believe this island is located in the eastern part of the sea. Then, after checking the vegetation here, we should still be in the southern end of the empire, perhaps even in the area of the eastern Lille province. And……”

Speaking up to here, Du Wei’s expression turned a little weird: “I am very concerned about a problem.”

“Wh…… What?”

”Don’t you find it odd that after walking for so long, even after we covered nearly half the island…. There’s not a single animal in sight! Forget about big animals, there’s not a single snake or even a rat in sight! This island seems to be devoid of life, and….”

Du Wei raises his hand up to his ear and made a listening posture, his voice strange: “Have you noticed it…… In such a big island with a dense forest …… There’s not even a bird’s call….no land animals and birds….! This is too weird!”

If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 29




Chapter 29 “Night of Romance on a deserted island”

As the Sun was about to set, Du Wei’s search finally bore fruit for he found a small puddle in the depths of the island on the western part, probably a cavity left behind after the rainy season. The island had no beasts and the puddle’s location remained in a relatively dim spot with little to no sunlight. Cautiously looking around the environment for traces of animal tracks, he deemed it safe to drink after finding nothing unusual.

Tasting the water and confirming the liquid was unsalted, Du Wei fell at ease. This pair of water deprived young teenagers threw themselves at the water and completely disregarded their image. Feeling the cold sensation pouring down his throat, Du Wei could not resist ushering out a pleasant sigh, his body shivering from the immense comfort that hit him.

After sating his thirst, Du Wei immediately took off his sheepskin boots and began cleaning it with the puddle’s water.

“Yo-You what are you are doing?” Vivian looked at Du Wei

“Washing my shoes of course,” Du Wei said, his cleaning action not stopping in the least, “Then use it to hold water.”

“Ho..hold water? Using a Sho…shoe?” Vivian showed a strange expression.

“Of course,” Du Wei pinched his lips to one side, “Other than a shoe, can you find any other storage container? Do you have a bottle or jar? No, you don’t. Then you can only use my shoes to hold water. What’s more, my shoes are made up of sheepskin, so it has excellent waterproof quality, silly girl.” said Du Wei as he looked at Vivian: “Do not frown, this is the only way since we don’t know how long we have to stay in this terrible place. We cannot stay in here and just watch this puddle can we? We must go outside to the sea coast! If you think my shoe stinks, you can take off yours instead.”

Vivian was still stunned when Du Wei rushed her: “Hurry up, unless you want to drink the water from mine.”

Maybe the last sentence stimulated poor Vivian, she hurriedly took off her shoes in desperation.

Vivian’s shoes were also made of leather, and hers seem to be made of a better quality than Du Wei’s. After removing her footwear, the female magician gave off a helpless expression. She had worn white socks the entire time, but they were already stained with blood. It seems after the long trek, the girl’s feet had been ridden with blisters and many had clearly been torn by the rugged terrain.

Soon enough, Vivian lay on the edge of the puddle like Du Wei did, quickly washing her boots. She repeatedly did this, which eventually caused Du Wei to lose his patience: “Twice is enough, why do you wash so many times.”

“Sh…….. shoes, dirty……”

Du Wei smiled as he looked at this innocent little girl: “Hey, you know, this little puddle has limited water. If you wash your shoes again and again, then although your shoe is clean, the water will become dirty. What’s more, you have to drink that water in the end.

“……” Vivian stared, then she tightened her lips to show infinite grievance on her face. After filling her boots with enough fresh water, she stood up and asked: “But, but, do we really need to drink this water?”

“Wait till tomorrow when your throat becomes dry, even if the water is ten times dirtier, you would not hesitate to drink it.” Du Wei softly said: “Alright then, let’s go back now.”

Like before, Du Wei walked in front of the pair while holding his long stick to clear the way. After a while, he found Vivian lagging behind, thus causing him to stop in his step. Frowning, he turns around to look at her: “You better hurry, the day’s getting late. After the sun completely goes down, it will become totally dark and make the trek back even more difficult. Discerning the direction inside the woods at night is very difficult.”

Vivian heavily nodded and picked up her speed. But out of carelessness and due to the uneven ground, it only took a few steps before she slipped, causing her to shed tears of pain in the process: “My…… my feet, hurts so much.”

Du Wei knits his brow and came up beside her. Looking down at the injured girl, he can see not only were her sole and ankles injured from the bush thorns, several of her small dainty toes also covered in mud and bits of blood.

Sighing, Du Wei became a little frustrated. Having such a fragile girl like her walk barefooted in this jungle was indeed too much.

Turning his face into a cold one, he hanged the shoes around his neck and slightly bent down.

“Come up!”

“…… Hmm?”

“I said up!” Du Wei’s back turned towards Vivian, his voice still very cold: “Hurry up, do not waste time, I will carry you back.”

“B-bu-bu-but……”

“No but, listen girl, we have to seize the time. Before it gets dark, we must rush back to the dragon’s side for we are not familiar with this island; otherwise, who knows what we will encounter. Right now you and I have no ability to protect ourselves. We have to seize the time! Fast! Now cut the crap with me and come on! ”

Du Wei’s harsh voice made poor little Vivian unable to refute. She immediately hanged her shoes around her neck like Du Wei did, and then obediently climbed onto his back.

After walking for a few steps with the sorceress, Du Wei was already starting to tire. It can’t be helped, his mind may be that of an adult, but this body of his was still that of a small child….. And, he’s also someone that grew up to be frail and deficient.

“Thank …… thank you.”

After a short trek, Vivian suddenly stammered her thanks in a whispering voice that could barely be heard by Du Wei’s ear.

Not saying a word, he only made a grunting sound as a reply.

Just like that, on this uninhabited island where the sun has already fallen, poor little Vivian rode on the back of this unfamiliar boy and made their way through the woods. Every time she looked up at the big dark sky, she would see the dense leaves of the trees, and whenever she looked down, she would see this heavily panting boy struggling to move forward all because of her.

Before she knew it, Vivian suddenly found this little nobility who had always bullied her to be not so terrible…..

；

Once they were back at the place where they had “crashed”, the big dragon was still soundly asleep. According to Vivian’s stuttering explanation on the road, sleep can increase a dragon’s body recovery speed. During this period, they need not food nor water.

That peace of information greatly relieved Du Wei…… Otherwise, how would they feed this humongous thing when that miniscule amount of fresh water they found could barely feed themselves?

Struggling back to the temporary camp, Du Wei dropped the female magician down first and then dropped to the ground in toe.

“I can’t go on……” Du Wei gasps for air, his rhythm like that of a dying man and his body numb from over exhausting himself:

“If it was the past me, forget about a little girl, even if I had to carry two, I can still easily run for a thousand meters without losing a breath. But now, this useless body of mine…..” He complains to himself in his mind.

Though Vivian was cruelly dropped to the ground, this silly girl didn’t complain about the pain; instead, she got up immediately and crawled over to Du Wei’s side. Seeing how heavy Du Wei was panting, she suddenly ran over to a tree and plucked a branch with large patches of leaves. Returning to his side, she squats down and began fanning with hopes of cooling him down.

Du Wei gasped for a moment, looking up at Vivian: “What are you doing?”

“I…… I saw that you were very tired, so I thought I could help you cool off.” Vivian opened her eyes and spoke seriously.

Du Wei could not help but laugh. This girl, this silly little girl, she may be a bit dumb, but to some degree she’s really cute: “Thank you …… But, did you know that it’s still early into the spring season , the weather is still pretty cold?”

Du Wei gently received the large patch of leaves from the female magician’s hand. With a bit of a smile, he looks up at the blushed face Vivian and said: “Well then, what we need now is to raise a fire; otherwise, we won’t be able to endure the night’s cold. We have nothing on us, if we get sick because of the cold, we be in big trouble.”

In reality, the cold wasn’t difficult to solve, they merely had to sleep next to the dragon at night.

After all, that dragon was a flame variant…… But, sleeping next to such a monstrous creature poses its own danger. If the big guy decides to roll around during its sleep, then the two of them will be crushed in the middle of the night without any warning.

Moreover, it would be a dreaded shame for poor Vivian to be the first sorceress in history to be crushed to death by their own pet.

After gathering enough leaves and branches in the vicinity, Du Wei had Vivian cast a small fire spell…….a little fireball, Vivian’s magic can only handle this much right now after losing most of her power.

With the branch lit, he had Vivian hold the makeshift torch and he himself carrying the pile of branches. Together, they came to the edge of the beach and started a bonfire. Du Wei intentionally stacked the thing high so the flames would burn more fiercely.

By doing so, the light coming off from the bonfire could be seen from faraway even in the darkness.

Du Wei sighed, this was their only hope. If there’s any ship passing by, Du Wei’s counting on some sailor to notice their signal and send someone over to look.

After setting up everything, Du Wei was exhausted and purposely sprawled on all four to lay there in the sand.

It was then …… Grr!

Du Wei lapsed out for a moment, and then he heard again …… Grr!

He sat up, looking at Vivian with an indecipherable smile.

“I-I’m sorry, m-my belly.” The nearby fire made her face look cherry red while Vivian embarrassingly clutches her stomach: “I-I-I’m hungry.”

“I am too,” Du Wei sighed: “Unfortunately, we are currently on a deserted island where there’s not a single small animal; otherwise, we could have a good open air barbeque by snatching a critter or two.”

“Then …… What about wild berries?” Maybe it’s because of hunger, but this female magician seems to have gotten brighter all of a sudden.

“Look around, there’s not a single fruit tree in the vicinity, let alone berry bushes. There are plenty of tree leaves and weeds around though…” Du Wei sighed, “Otherwise, do I even need you to remind me?”

”Then, how about fish?” Vivian looked at Du Wei with a pitiful face: “There’s a sea here, is there no fish?”

Du Wei shrugged his shoulders and looked at Vivian: “Can you swim?”

Vivian shook her head.

“Neither can I.” Du Wei smiled: “We are the same, landlubbers. As to going in the water and catching some fish, I do not have that ability. Also, during the day I’ve been looking at the shore’s edge… I only found some empty shells and conches lying around, can your stomach digest the hard shell? ”

“But I am so…..so hungry.” Vivian curled her small mouth and pitifully blinked at Du Wei.

“There’s no choice then, sleep first and we’ll think of some plan tomorrow morning to catch some fish in the shallows. It’s already so late and we can’t swim. If we drown then everything’s over.”

Vivian sighed; she could only obediently sit down…… Inadvertently, she sat beside Du Wei.

“Let’s have a chit chat to forget our hunger.” Du Wei smiled: “Thinking about it we still don’t know much about each other, maybe then we can even be friends.”

“Wh-what do you mean by ‘know each other’?”

“For example ……” Looking up at the stars in the sky, Du Wei held his knees and thought: ”For example, you are so young, even younger than me, I want to know how did you become such a great magician!”

“I…I don’t know” Vivian gently sighed, also holding her knees like Du Wei did: “I grew up with my teacher and I never left home, this is my second time out.

Du Wei turns his head to glance at this silly girl, suddenly smiling: “The truth is your voice sounds good, it’s soft and sweet, if you did not stutter then it would be better.”

”I’m really sorry; I don’t mean to stutter.” Vivian blushed: “Since I was little I have never been good at talking.”

“The truth is the more you stutter, the more you should talk. If you practice again and again, then you’ll know how to do it right.” Du Wei laughed: “Well then, tell me something about yourself, how did you become an eighth level magician! You must b e the first person in the empire to achieve such a great feat at such a young age!”

“What?” Vivian bewilderingly looked at Du Wei.

Du Wei sighed and sadly smiled: “Hey, I praised you, at least give me some feedback?”

“Ah …… I’m sorry, I, I ……” Vivian loses herself in a panic again.

“Silly girl,” Du Wei shook his head: “Aside from magic, you cannot do anything else?” Subsequently, Du Wei patiently talked it over with Vivian while she struggled to tell her story.

She, Vivian Yang, as long as she can remember, has been studying under her teacher’s guidance.

But, as to her teacher’s identity, Vivian refuses to disclose anything no matter how Du Wei asked. Whether it be smooth words or sweet talks, all her answers were dry and vague.

Tentatively, Du Wei can only take Vivian’s teacher as some otherworldly master that doesn’t trifle in mortal matters.

Since Vivian was young, she, and her teacher has been living in a remote secret location. According to her words, it’s in a thickly forested mountain where normal people are unable to reach. Over the past decade, Vivian only went into the outside world twice. Besides both journeys, most of her time was spent studying magic.

All her daily work included learning various types of magic casting, their theories, reciting various weird arcane incantations, and as well as helping her teacher do…… Laundry.

“Laundry?” Du Wei smiled: “You know how to do laundry?”

He pulled over Vivian’s small hand and looked it over: “What a soft little hand, I cannot imagine you doing laundry with these hands.”

“I….I can,” Vivian flushed, unsure whether if it was from Du Wei’s words or the fact that he’s holding her hands: “I…I can use my magic to wash the clothes, as long as I can cast a spell, those clothes will wash themselves.

“Oh… Wouldn’t that be the same as a washing machine……” Du Wei came down with this thought.

Regarding Vivian’s outing into the outside word, the first time was when her teacher brought her to the imperial capital where the Magic Union’s headquarters’ was located. There, she participated in an undisclosed magic assessment test done in secret.

Prior to that assessment, her teacher had said, “I will have those fools in the Magic Union pop their eyes out and learn how great of a genius I have cultivated!”

And the results were….. The several high ranking mages responsible for that assessment nearly dropped their eyeballs out like her teacher predicted.

Because, from the standpoint of a magician, Vivian wasn’t just a genius! In fact, she’s a genius among geniuses!

A fourteen-year-old eighth class magician! Even going through the entire history of the Magic Union or the magician profession in general, you cannot find a second one like Vivian.

“Th-that was a year ago.” Vivian was a little embarrassed and said: “Those mages originally wanted to have me stay in the capital, but my teacher refused and said if I stayed, then who’s going to do his laundry back at home?”

“Humph, what your teacher really wanted was to keep you from being wooed away by the magic union.” Of course Du Wei wasn’t as innocent as Vivian: “An eighth class magician can become an important figure in any place they resided! Even in the magic union, there are only a few mages of the eighth rank. And on top of that…… you are so young. ”

“Hmm,” Vivian blinked her eyes, not quite sure the meaning behind Du Wei’s word. However, she quickly became happy: “After I-I passed that assessment, my teacher became very happy so he gave me Scorching Sun as my prize.”

“Scorching Sun, you mean the dragon?”

“Mhmm” When Vivian talked about her pet, her mood immediately went into high spirit: “That’s right!”

Du Wei sighed…… Who the hell was her teacher to be able to give a dragon as a pet so casually?

That’s no cat or a dog… But a dragon!

And then Vivian stayed at where her teacher lived for another whole year. Every day, she continues to learn magic and do the laundry.

After that, the second visit to the outside world was this time – to recapture the Terror Illusion Goblin…… That’s her teacher’s pet.

“Hold on!” Du Wei suddenly jumped up, his expression a little excited as he looked at Vivian: “You still have that Illusion Goblin right??”

Vivian nodded, her gaze moving to her waist where the small creature remains locked inside a small cage.

“Oh belly, my lovely belly, you are saved now!” Hungering green lights were beaming from Du Wei’s menacing eye as he gulped: “Hey, silly girl, we don’t have to endure hunger anymore. Look at this little thing, nice and plump! Although there are no condiments to go with it, but after we skin it and roasted the critter on the grill, I’m sure the taste will be excellent.”

“……” Vivian blinked and blinked, taking a long moment to process those words. Shrieking in shock: “AHH!!! No, no, no! You can’t eat my Cheche, he’s my teacher’s pet, you can’t…..”

“I cannot take everything into consideration…” Du Wei loudly balked: “We haven’t eaten anything for a whole day, and if this situation continues, we’ll lose our strength by tomorrow. I’m not even sure whether or not we can catch any fish!”

“No, no, can’t eat my Cheche.” Vivian was struggling to hide the small cage between her arms: “Don’t eat my Cheche please!” Desperately trying to protect her teacher’s pet from Du Wei the demon.

“Humph, then how about we eat your dragon!!” Du Wei roared: “Your dragon is so huge, cutting a piece of meat won’t endanger its life, right?

“E-e-eat a dragon?” Vivian almost passed out.

And here she was thinking this little noble boy wasn’t so bad. Then in a blink of an eye, he became the devil again!

Eat dragon? Oh almighty Goddess, please forgive poor little Vivian! All my life, I have never heard of a person turn their sight on a dragon …… Not mention treating one as food!

“No, no, please don’t eat my Scorching Sun! No, no, please don’t eat Cheche…. Waahhh …… father, mother……” Seeing Du Wei’s vicious appearance, Vivian started to cry again.

Watching the little girl cry, Du Wei became helplessly frustrated as he shook his head: “This is not OK, that’s not OK …… Humph, all right, I’ll follow your call tonight and if by tomorrow we don’t catch any fish, then we will starve to death! If both of us are going to die, then there’s no use worrying about other stuff, we’re eating your teacher’s pet!”

At this moment it was not only Vivian crying, the little squirrel like goblin in that cage was also scared stiff. As an advanced level magic beast, this little critter can understand human speech so he knew exactly what Du Wei intended do with him. Curling into a shivering little ball, the little guy followed Vivian’s lead and began to cry too.

Easing a little at Du Wei’s word, Vivian nevertheless pleaded in her mind…..

Oh almighty Goddess! Please bless poor little Vivian so that this devil can catch some fish. Vivian’s not greedy, Vivian simply wants to keep Scorching Sun and Cheche from being eaten. And if possible, Vivian wouldn’t mind eating a small little fish….. Just one will do….. Oh almighty Goddess, please bless poor Vivian …… oooh, ooohhh…… I am also very hungry. Vivian really wants to eat fish……”

If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 30




Chapter 300 “The man from the Snowy Mountain”

The entire room was encased with a powerful murderous intent as a bone piercing cold shook the very core of Du Wei’s entire body. Though the servant behind Mr. Blue Ocean remains unemotionally quiet, but those eyes are like an eagle’s, sharp and inequivalently dangerous. To Du Wei, he’s like helpless frog being gazed down at by a preying cobra ready to strike.

The guy was clearly dressed like any other servant out there, but that face, that expression, the only time Du Wei ever felt such dominating aura was from Hussein and Rodriguez. So why? Why does a servant have such might about him?

Peng!

At that crashing sound, the cup in Du Wei’s hand shattered into numerous pieces on the ground.

Du Wei may not be feeling all that well in front of this grey robed servant, but he’s not going to let himself be pushed around like a toy. Turning his head like he felt nothing, Du Wei unreservedly faces the servant’s dangerous gaze and then turns to smile at Blue Ocean: “Mr. Blue Ocean, it seems you’ve already made a decision,” he sighs to make himself look tougher than he appears.

Huddled in his chair against the biting cold, Blue Ocean looks like nothing more than a frail old man with his tightly wrapped blanket. Trembling in his hand as he sips from the tea cup, he makes a long deep sigh before answering in a whispering tone: “Lord Duke Tulip, if I had wanted to make you my enemy, then why would I send you my disciples?”

Making a faint laugh, Du Wei flashes a glimmer of light in his eyes: “Mr. Blue Ocean, as I just said, your original intentions may not be as pure as you make it out to be. I fear your reasons in helping me quell the chaos in the Northwest isn’t necessarily without selfish reasons. Like your invitation today…. As the saying goes, murder is best done at night when the moon is high above the head….” Speaking up to here, Du Wei inexplicably turns to look at the sky out the window. Making a indifferent smile, he faces Blue Ocean and stares directly into the old man’s eye and continues to speak in a dignified voice: “Though the sky is no longer dark and the moon is long gone, but this place is quite secluded. Don’t you think it would be quite elegant to kill someone in this beautiful place with fresh breeze and a beautiful patch of water? Once done, you can easily bury the body under your feet and no one will ever notice. I must say, to be able to die here where there’s the soothing sound of water flowing isn’t so bad.”

Hearing this, Blue Ocean fell into a hard laugh before raising a dismissive hand, indicating the gray robe servant to leave. The man in grey at first refused and showed hesitation in his eyes, but Blue Ocean’s persuasive words changed that: “Although you’ve been with me all these years, but the present you isn’t enough. While in that person’s presence, you won’t last even one exchange. So, you staying won’t make a difference. Don’t worry. Since I’m willing to stay here, it means I got some confidence.”

Unwilling still, the grey robed servant can only do as ordered after seeing his master’s resolute face. Slowly walking out, he closes the door behind the two.

When the room was only left with them, Blue Ocean chuckles before continuing: “Now do you feel more comfortable? Or can it be that the great grand Duke of Tulip is afraid of a frail old man like I?”

Making a bitter smile: “There are no useless people in the Snowy Mountain Sect.” Pausing to rethink his words, he continues: “What do you mean by ‘that person’? Is there someone else coming aside from me today?”

“Not exactly an outsider, just an old friend.” Du Wei’s face twitched so slightly at the mention of “old friend”.

Looking out the window, Blue Ocean inhales deeply: “There are many types of old friends, and this old friend is one of those that wants me dead.” After stating this, he turns to face Du Wei with a frank expression: “Duke, do you feel relieved now? The truth is, I invited you here today to be a witness, that’s all.”

Du Wei makes a disregarding face: “Witness? I usually don’t have the hobby of being someone’s witness. Whether it’s you doing the killing or someone is killing you, I can’t say I’m fond of either scenario happening in front of me. Or is it that you sir here has such a hobby of watching someone being murdered?”

Smiling at that accusation: “I of course don’t have that type of hobby, it’s just that the witness today must be you. I think your grace would be quite pleased with the guest I’m having today, after all, the visitor in question is from the Snowy Mountain.”

Although Du Wei’s stomach was full of questions, but against that inscrutable face on Blue Ocean, he didn’t know how to ask. For a time, the atmosphere in the room became awkwardly silent as the two went about with their own thoughts.

Finally after who knows how long, the last remaining shadow of the night had receded and out came the rays of the morning sun. Looking out into this beautiful sunrise, Blue Ocean was the first to break their silence with a whisper: “The time is almost here, that person should be coming. I’ve had this appointment with him many times already, never once was he ever late, and today will be no exception.”

In the next second Du Wei felt something. As a magician, his spirit will of course be higher than an ordinary person’s. His ear may not have heard anything from the outside just now, but his spirit field had encased the entire tea house like a cage, thus allowing him to notice any peculiarity within his extended range. It may have been momentary and light, but it was definitely there. However, Du Wei can tell the new arrival was way more capable than himself in terms of control because he lost track of the intruder right away.

Just when Du Wei wanted to bring up his findings, Blue Ocean had already spoke up, “He has come.”

Following this sigh from the old man, Du Wei’s heart instantly turned vigilant like it was resonating with an alarm in his soul. Raising his head towards the entrance of the room, the wind screen that should’ve been devoid of a presence stood a silhouette of a man. Like a ghost, this freaky person began to speak: “Even after all these years, your ear is still very good.”

The voice was very soft and easy on the ears. When heard, one might even grow fond of it out of misguided feelings, which was what’s happening here with Du Wei. Strangely attracted to that voice, Du Wei’s concentration was shattered like a puddle being smashed by a rock. The turbulent waves in his heart making it impossible for him to refocus.

Meanwhile Blue Ocean remains disturbingly unfazed by all this as he sat there in his chair. Not bothering to look at the figure behind the screen at the entrance, he just smiles with his back facing the person: “You indeed never disappoint me, nor have you ever been late.”

“But you’ve let me down instead.” Before his words ended, the man had come forth from behind the screen.

Now Du Wei finally got a clearer picture of the man’s appearance. Donning the same type of white robe used by a shaman, the man’s silvery gray hair was a little disorderly as several loose strands hung over his forehead. Despite the eyes being covered by his hair, the twinkling light radiating from it was as bright as the starry sky in a winter’s night. Though there are strong similarities with the man’s getup with the other White Robe Shaman he met back in Anglia City, there are some differences. Like that golden belt on the waist, there’s a typical scimitar used by the prairie natives holstered to the side. The design of that scimitar may be very common, but its shorter and had a pearl inlaid on the hilt.

Du Wei may not be a specialist in martial art, but his intuitions are telling him that the short little scimitar was by no means an ornament. It’s just that according to his knowledge of the Snowy Mountain, limited but still enough, there aren’t anyone in the sect who’s a dual wielder of magic and martial art. Moreover, as a shaman who openly wears a weapon on his waist, it’s a certainty this shaman’s fighting capability are very high.

Even more strange, according to Du Wei’s estimate this man should be no older than forty years of age. Blue Ocean mentioned the man was an “old friend”, so shouldn’t they be similar their years? No matter how Du Wei looked at it, that pale white skin with barely any wrinkles could hardly be called old.

After coming out from behind the wind screen, the man only stared at Blue Ocean’s ocean back for a while, his voice calm as he spoke: “These years you have grown old. I remember the last time I was here you didn’t have so many wrinkles on your face. Did your injuries not heal from our last meeting?” Then the man turns to look at Du Wei. As soon as those razor-sharp eyes swept over Du Wei, our poor boy here instantly felt like he’s been seen through right down to his soul, very unnerving. Showing some surprise and applauding light in his eyes, the man continues: “It seems you haven’ t been idle all these years either to be able to take in an excellent disciple like so. Along the way here I heard the people talking about an individual famed for their use of the Ice Dou Qi. The name should be Rodriguez if I’m not mistaken. You should be proud for your disciple for reaching the Saint Class at that young age. Though our own Snowy Mountain has a lot of disciples, there isn’t many in this generation capable of reaching the same height.”

“Don’t misunderstand, he is not my disciple.” Blue Ocean shot Du Wei a glance: “This is the famed Duke Tulip of the mainland, and the direct disciple of Lord Gandalf, also known as the number one magician on these lands. All things considered, you can say this young man here has some ties with our Snowy Mountain. I asked him to come today so that he can be our witness, and if I die, there will be someone to bury me in the end.”

At the mention of the name “Gandalf”, the man’s eye flickered a gleam of dangerous light. Curling his mouth into a grin: “Oh? Gandalf, the self-proclaimed number one magician on the mainland? So this kid here is that person’s disciple, I see, no wonder.” At that, he nods and turns his attention away from Du Wei.

Du Wei didn’t miss it. At the mention of Gandalf being the strongest mage on the continent, this person not only didn’t show a spec of respect, there were a clear taste of disdain on that tongue.

“Well then, you and I have been waiting for this day for far too long. Since it’s like so, we might as well begin.” The man wrinkled his forehead after assessing the old man: “But can you even stand right now?”

Blue Ocean gently makes a sigh: “What difference is there if I can stand or not. Since you waited so long for this day, you might as well make your move.” That sigh may be soft and gentle, but there were so many emotions contained in there: regret, hate, refusal to accept, and many more.

Before the sound of the sigh could even come to an end, the man had already disappeared in a flash. For someone like Du Wei that has exceptional awareness, even he couldn’t keep up and could only realize when the man was standing in front of Blue Ocean. With his hand raised, that dangerous hand radiating heat in the middle of his palm came striking down at the old man’s forehead.

Still wrapped in his blanket, Blue Ocean’s appearance remains exactly like before, frail and weak. Yet in a quick turn of event, the blanket blew apart like it had just been shredded to pieces. Bits and pieces of cloth fluttering in the air, a silvery-white light enveloped that frail old body and changed him into an entity of someone that cannot be touched without retribution. Raising a finger of his own, Blue Ocean retaliates by shooting a tiny little beam of condensed cold at his attacker’s chest in an attempt to freeze it.

Making a smile, the shaman slides back instantly to avoid being hit and then completely dissolved the beam of ice with a wave of his hand. In return, the man launches another attack with his palm, but this time the strike was a blast of red light radiating searing heat as it whistled towards its target. Not waiting, Blue Ocean met the blast with his own using that dejected and scrawny arm of his and shot out two sets of deep chilling white mist using his own hands. Red and white, fiery hot and chilling cold, the two-natural opposing forces should’ve made a devastating explosion upon impact, yet there wasn’t the slightest bit of commotion. It’s as if the very life of the air around their exchange was sucked out of existence.

Blue Ocean’s hair was completely raised by now as both his sleeves became torn by his own strength, it’s obvious the old man had went all out just now. Meanwhile on the opposing side, the shaman remains completely unfazed, only taking a step back to make some distance. With one hand behind his back, he nods and smiled: “Seems you haven’t aged to the point of being unable to move yet.”

Du Wei’s distance wasn’t far so he can tell, Blue Ocean was having trouble fending off this attack of pure power based on that heaving chest. The white mists shot out by the old man continues to wrap around the ball of searing heat, but despite his every effort to extinguish it, the red energy just won’t let up and continues to inch closer. In the end, Blue Ocean can only pull one of his hand back to aim at the water inside the silver pot on the table. Immediately, the water inside was sucked out like a whip.

If that ball of searing heat can overwhelm even ice, how can a mere pot of water be enough to stop it? But that’s not the point of it. Using the water whip as a release vent and a guide, the trajectory of the heat blast was redirected with the water line and flew towards the table. Instantly upon impact, both the water and silver pot was vaporized, leaving nothing behind, not even steam.

Watching the two entities exchange blows, Du Wei felt dizzyingly numb by the fast and short moves used in this bout. This was especially true for that flame used by the white robe shaman. Just recalling the image of the flame incinerating the silver pot and even the water steam made him shiver from fright. Du Wei can honestly say he’s quite the expert when it came to fire magic, but that surge of heat expelled from the man’s palm was astoundingly terrifying. How hot must the flames be to achieve that result? The magic of the Snowy Mountain is truly mysterious and powerful.

Just at this moment, a figure from the outside suddenly charged into the room. It’s the gray robe servant from before. Covered in a silver coat of Dou Qi, the man was making a murderous face as he shouted: “Don’t you dare hurt him!”

As soon he finished his words, the gray robe servant stretches out his palm and released a highly concentrated beam of Ice Dou Qi to create a real sword made of ice. Without another word, he charges at the assailant and makes a swing at the enemy with unrelenting force. From the tip of that ice sword, a vortex of ice particles became wrapped around the body of the blade, making it like an ice tornado from first gaze.

Seeing this, Du Wei’s eyebrow pricked up. Based on his assessment of the Ice Dou Qi used here, this unimpressive looking servant was comparable to that young general Cybuster from the Northwest Army. At the very least, this servant should be at least of the eighth level from what’s showcased here.

Chuckling, the white robe shaman faintly whispers at the servant: “Ice Dou Qi isn’t supposed to be used like that.”

While the shaman’s word was very slow, the sword from the servant was moving at immense speed. But just when the sword was about to land, the space around the two seems to distort. Next thing the gray robe servant knew, he had missed his attack despite seeing his sword slicing into the shaman’s face.

This wasn’t the first time Du Wei had seen this distortion of time and space. The first word that jumped out of his mouth was this:

Saint Class!!!





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 31




Chapter 31 “Du Wei’s Harvest”

Du Wei and Vivian ran towards the wooded area where the dragon slept, only to find the red dragon awake and frightened. Bursts of grumbling roars came from its mouth, obviously that of someone in utter terror.

Vivian immediately ran up to her Scorching Sun. Holding the dragon’s claw, she uttered a slow mystic chant. Though weak, the small trace of light which rose from her hands began to have a calming effect.

Changing from a grumbling roar to a low moaning hum, the red dragon lowers its massive head again and went back to sleep.

After the spell, Vivian took on a tiresome appearance. However, when he moved up to check on her status, he found her firmly standing there with her arms gripped into a ball. “What happened?” He asks in a gentle whispering voice.

“I don’t…I don’t know, Burning Sun seemed frightened, just-just now……”

“Yeah, have you calmed it now?” Du Wei asked. Seeing Vivian nod, he continues in a low voice: “That earthquake and the strange howl, you should’ve heard it too. To the north of the island…… I suspect there may be something on the island here with us! Something we have not yet discover…… Maybe some dangerous beast.”

Vivian’s expression turned unsightly. She may be innocent and young, but she’s no idiot, in fact, she’s quite smart intellectually.

Beast?

“What kind of beast can make a terrifying roar like that, for that matter, what beast can intimidate a dragon?!”

“I’m going to have a look.” Du Wei suddenly said.

“Uh? Won’t it be dangerous?”

“Danger……” Du Wei shook his head: “I don’t know, but I’m sure this island is not as simple as it may seem….. You see, there are no animals here, not even a bird! What does this point to? I speculate there’s likely a terrible animal on this island which has claimed these parts as its territory, thereby forcing the other animals away. Anyways, I have to figure out what animal resides here. Otherwise, we will be off guard when we encounter the creature later on.”

Vivian heavily nods her head: “I-I-I will go as well!”

Du Wei looked very serious: “No, listen silly girl, you stay here and take care of your pet. If the terrifying howl comes again, your here will be alarmed like before. At that time, what will you do? You do better to stay here and placate this big loaf whenever it wakes up…. Also, with your clumsy self, you want to make more trouble for me? Don’t forget you have no shoe to wear, how are you going to trek across the island to the northern end?”

“……” Vivian was speechless. Musing over the problem, she made a pitiful face and finally gave in by lowering her head: “Okayyy.”

Setting off with his makeshift stick, Du Wei decided it be better to avoid the woods and stay along the sandy shoreline. This might take a little more time, but it’s likely safer like this.

It’s a foggy day, and now Du Wei has decided there’s a likely chance of some beast lurking about on the island – hmm, let’s pretend it’s a beast for now. Under these assumptions, he can only deem it too dangerous to tread into the woods.

All the way north, when Du Wei was just approaching the northern tip of the island, he suddenly found that beside the woods, there were some low tresses with some interesting fruits on them.

These fruits were big and round. Du Wei felt so happy that he made a dash for the tree. However, after picking one of the fruit, his excitement quickly plummeted into disappointment.

These seemingly round green fruits were actually hollow inside. Recalling a memory from his past life, these fruits were like the dried up gourds from the other world.

But rethinking it over again, Du Wei decided to take them all anyways by tying these “gourds” to his body with a vine.

This way, if Du Wei encountered some terrible beasts along the way, he could run to the sea during the emergency. These hollow fruits will make a decent float ring after he straps them to his stick, assuming their buoyancy was adequate.

Finally reaching the northern reaches of the island, Du Wei was shocked by the scene that welcomed him.

The area remains a forested terrain, but the shocking part was the icy frost, it’s everywhere!

Along the edges of the beach, patches of the snow littered the ground and trees, as if the place had gone through a small snowstorm. Even more frightening, the climate here remains normal with no traces of a snowstorm to be found!

And obvious to the eye, only this certain area was affected, the rest remains humidly hot.

Coming down with a thought, an idea hit him.

Looking up in the sky, he searches for anything familiar. Sadly, the blasted fog in the weather was too terrible, blinding his visibility range. Knowing it be futile to continue, Du Wei decides to first scour the nearby forest, then that’s when he noticed the snow on the ground. Arduously digging through the snow until he hit the earth, he suddenly found what he’s looking for.

Disguised under that icy frost, the dirt remains humid and warm. In other words, the frost here was created by someone in a short time frame…. For example, magic?

Du Wei immediately ran towards the seaside. Standing there with the waves gently flapping against his little knee, he looked hard at the sea…

Vaguely in the front of him, Du Wei seems to be able to make out something drifting along the surface of the water. It’s difficult to make out the details due to the large volume of fog, but he’s able to make out the rough outline.

“Can it be a boat?”

Du Wei’s heart suddenly gave birth to a little hope. He shouts loudly and attempts to wave at the thing.

Unfortunately, after a moment of continuous shouting, there was no reply with the object drifting further and further away.

Not a boat…… Du Wei confirmed this much because after long period of observation, he’s barely able to make out the contour of the flotation device – a conical shape.

Regardless, Du Wei decides to take a look anyways after crossing his heart.

Now, on this island where food and water are scarce, he’s not going to let any opportunity bypass him if there’s hope to be had. Who knows, he might find something useful.

Du Wei immediately tightens the gourds around his body and jumped into the water.

Flailing about as he swam forward, he expended great efforts. Unfortunately, in this and his past life, he’s always been a landlubber, unable to swim. Judging from his swimming posture, it looked more like that of a dog paddling in water.

Fortunately the wind and waves weren’t big or strong; otherwise, swimming in the sea would be very difficult. If you were to swim a few meters out and a big wave comes knocking, you are definitely going to be sent backwards by several meters.

Du Wei did his best. Luckily those big gourds had a lot of buoyancy to them, making his swim easier than it should have been. After a good while, he’s finally within the vicinity of the big thing…..

Looking at the scene before him, he lost himself from the intense shock. Then in his absentmindedness, a wave hit him while his mouth were wide open, causing him to ingest a good amount of sea water.

“Da…… Damn it! It can’t be??”

In front of Du Wei was an impressive looking iceberg! Not a boat, nor something useful, but a small little iceberg floating out at sea!

More importantly, there’s a person lying atop of that iceberg.

Wearing light armor with white hollow carvings, this woman had a white long cape and fluttering white hair.

；

Vivian anxiously waited until the evening. With the sky turning dark, she rubs her stomach for a hungering rumble constantly haunted her. In her arms were the roots dug up by Du Wei previously, but she had no plans to consume them; instead, she rubbed her stomach again and sighed.

Tightening her grip on the roots, “He…. He must not have eaten yet either.”

“Cheche!” The Illusionary Goblin in the cage around her waist uttered a loud shrill call. The name of this little thing was very similar to its call: Cheche.

Lightly patting the cage, Vivian consoles the poor creature: “Cheche…… Don’t scream please, I know you are hungry, I’m hungry too. But we can’t eat these; we have to wait for him to come back.”

Finally, when Vivian was about to lose hope, Du Wei returned. Exerting great strength with every step, Vivian can see how strenuous Du Wei was based upon the bent arch of his back…. He’s carrying someone!

Popping her eyes in disbelief, Vivian rubbed her eyes again for fear of the scene being an illusion. Confirming this not simply her imagination, she lets out a breather and quickly ran forward.

Before Vivian could make it to his side, Du Wei couldn’t take it anymore and fell down before her arrival. Exhausted, he tossed the woman on her back down to the ground next to him.

“Water, give me water fast….. Oh heavens, I’m going to die of exhaustion!” Du Wei gasps for air while smiling wryly: “This person is way heavier than you…. Oh heavens, I won’t make it, I’m dying.”

Vivian hurries to bring one of the shoes holding their water supply, but when she brought it up to him, Du Wei shook his head and pointed to one of the gourds on his back. Quickly picking one of the fruit containers up, she found the thing heavier than she expected. Giving it a little shake, she can clearly hear a swooshing sound like that of water.

“I…… I found these on a tree…… So, I plucked them off, they can hold water. On my way back, I made a round trip to that puddle and stored some more water inside… You-you can wear your shoes again.”

Vivian felt grateful, indeed, she’s had quite enough of suffering regarding her injured knee and feet.

“And, quickly take a look at this person. Ha-ha, whether to save her or not, I leave it up to you to decide.” At that, he grabs one of the gourds from Vivian’s hand and drowned his mouth in water. Once satiating his thirst, he lied down again and continued to gasp for air.

Only then did Vivian go over to check on the unknown person.

It can’t be said that Vivian had bad eyesight, it’s just that her attention was distracted by Du Wei when he returned, causing her to forget everything in the surroundings. As such, despite the person being so eye-catching – white armor, white cloak, and white hair – Vivian paid no heed at all.

However, at this moment when Vivian finally took notice of the woman, she stared wide eyes, her hands covering her mouth!

Then this innocent sorceress carefully walked over. After a little struggle to turn the woman over, she confirms the person’s identity.

“Sister …… sister ?? !!”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.





* * *





Chapter 32




Chapter 32 “There’s a monster!!”

Indeed, the person Du Wei took back with him was the very same ice beauty from before. In order to rob the Illusionary Goblin, this brutish girl battled it out with Vivian back at Half Horn City.

It’s just that at this moment the woman had her eyes closed like that of someone in a coma. And based on her wrinkled forehead, the traces of panic and horror before she lost consciousness had no signs of fading away.

Du Wei had witnessed how tough this woman can be that night. To be able to make a woman like her fall into panic and lose consciousness, Du Wei had to wonder what creature could have done such a task….

Then associating that strange roar, and the earthquake……

While he’s trying to piece together the fragments, Vivian was carefully holding a gourd full of water beside her sister’s head, stammering: “Ho-how did yo-you find her, and wh-what happened to her??”

Du Wei shrugged his shoulder and briefly explained the ordeal. Vivian also felt confused. She even checked her sister’s body and found nothing out of the ordinary like injuries and such, only issue was the shortness of breath and a weak body.

Vivian tried to give her sister some water, but ice beauty here kept her teethes tightly clenched, refusing to drink a drop. Losing his patience, Du Wei came over and knelt down next to the girl. Using the nearby stick, he brutishly plucked open that mouth of hers and poured a mouthful of water in there.

“AH! No-no you’ll choke her.” Vivian hurriedly pulled at Du Wei’s arm. After gazing at his eye, Vivian whispered her words: “Are you unhappy?”

“Am I supposed to be happy?” Du Wei shook his head, “You better think twice! When she wakes up, what will you do? Your magic doesn’t work now, and when she wakes up, we will be at her mercy.”

He sighed. The reality was Du Wei felt contradictorily perplexed over this situation. When he saw this unconscious woman out at the sea, he already thought of this problem.

Save her? But she’s their opponent. What if the woman wakes up and freaks out? Don’t forget that night she said she would snatch him away to be refined into an ice wraith. Even though Du Wei didn’t know what that meant, he’s certain it can’t be anything good!

Not save her? Leaving this beauty to die on that iceberg? Du Wei can’t bring himself to be that ruthless.

While he’s brooding over the problem, the ice beauty has been choked awake by the water.

Fiercely coughing for a few times, she then quickly turns around and struggled to sit upright. After being unconscious for so long, her body’s frailly weak, nevertheless, she managed to pull herself up.

“Si-Sister……” Vivian whispered a word; apparently this silly girl’s very afraid of her sister based on her frantic appearance. Hurrying to get up, Vivian runs over to Du Wei’s side.

“Ooohh…… My head hurts ……” The woman on the ground held her head like she’s in excruciating pain: “What’s going on…. I….. You two…..”

After the momentary stupor, she gradually regained herself and stared at Vivian and Du Wei: “You two, how come you are here? I… How did I get here? Did you save my life?”

Du Wei and Vivian didn’t even get to speak yet and this woman had already jumped up. As if recalling something, she makes a high pitched scream like something horrible has happened: “My dragon! Oh my Orcutt! My ice dragon!! My poor Orcutt!!”

Her face revealed a sad expression. Suddenly losing her strength, she fell to the ground on both knees and began crying with her hands covering her tearful face…..

“My dragon…… My Orcutt! My Orcutt……”

Vivian blinked her eyes in astonishment over her sister’s distraught face. Unable to bare it, she whispered: “Sister, what happened to your-your dragon?”

“…… What happened…… He’s dead! Dead!!” Her mournful cries were miserably sad. Pounding the ground with her fists, she had a face full of grief with no place to vent her agony: “He’s dead! He was eaten by that monster! To save me, he was eaten by that monster!!”

When Du Wei heard this, his eyes flared up!

Eat a dragon?

What kind of monster can eat a dragon?

Aren’t dragons the most powerful of creatures?

No matter how Vivian tried to comfort her, Vivian’s sister couldn’t stop crying, she cried for such a long time that she even lost her voice. Her eyes were all red, and finally she couldn’t even breathe, only then did she gradually stop crying.

Du Wei tugged at Vivian and made a gesture for him to take over. Using a serious face, he asked: “Excuse me, what happened to you? What did you mean by monster? Is there a monster here?”

“Monster……” A trace of fear flashed in the ice beauty’s eye: “Monster! Yes, there’s a monster!”

She looked at the two and angrily said: “It’s all because I chased you guys. I rode my Orcutt to search the sea, and I eventually came across this island in the vicinity… I figured you might be hiding here so I had Orcutt approach this place…. But then Orcutt suddenly became very strange. He kept grumbling, refusing to get close as if he’s frightened. No matter how I directed him to land, he refused. Finally, I used magic to suppress him and settled his mood.”

Upon here, the ice beauty began shedding tears again: “I…… I killed my Orcutt, my ice dragon……!”

Du Wei interrupted her with an indifferent look: “Stop crying, tell us what happened!!”

The girl viciously stared at him in return. Suddenly jumping up, she started to shout at Du Wei and Vivian while accusingly pointing at the two!! “It’s all because of you guys! Vivian, if you had given me the illusionary goblin back then, I wouldn’t have come here.”

Du Wei plucked his brow at the anger he held towards her hoodlum like logic.

But it’s not the time to argue with this woman.

Revealing a trace of hatred in her eyes, this woman reached for her waist.

“Are you looking for this?” From behind his back, Du Wei took out a green flute, which was the snow beauty’s weapon. While the girl was still unconscious, he had made sure to remove any dangerous material from her body.

“Humph! You think by taking my wand away I won’t be your opponent anymore?” Snow beauty lapsed out for a second before suddenly roaring: “Come on! Vivian, even without a dragon I can still beat you. You’ve never won against me since we were kids.”

At that, the snow beauty took a deep breath and flew up. At the same time, her mouth started to make quick work of a spell incantation…

Damn it! Du Wei really wanted to hit himself! He already thought about this situation! This hateful woman, it’s he who saved her life out of kindness and the first thing she does was to start a fight once she’s awake.

Just when Du Wei became frustratingly angry, something strange happened……

The ice beauty that was already floating up to the height of a tree branch suddenly revealed shock on her face. With a little shake, her body tottered slightly and abruptly fell down!

Fortunately, Vivian ran towards her in an attempt to receive the brutish girl. Rolling into the bushes from the impacting force, the ice beauty screamed, her face terribly pale: “You! What have you done to me? My magic, my magic!”

She forcibly pushed Vivian away and started to loudly chant her spells again. But this time, her fingertips only shot a palm sized ice ball onto Du Wei’s body. Even though it didn’t hurt him, an idea hit him instead. Ignoring the stinging pain, he shouted: “You lost your power?”

“My magic!” Ice beauty was stunned as she stared at her own hands!

Just now, she indeed used a mid-level magic called the “Frozen Ice Fumes”. But what came out of her fingers were nothing more than some ice shards, barely passable as a snowball.

Du Wei’s face turned extremely weird, and then he couldn’t help but laugh: “You can’t use your magic haha, even she can’t use her magic!!!”

“How hateful!!” Snow beauty roars: “What have you done to me? What kind of magic did you apply on me!!!”

Du Wei coldly watched the furious woman, sneering: “Oh come on, from my standpoint, we are neither friend nor foe. Do you expect us to obediently wait for you to wake up and threaten us?”

“So it was you!” The ice beauty turned pale, fear creeping into her eyes.

“No, no, no…… sister.” The silly girl interjected as she gently hugged the snow beauty: “I also can’t use my magic….. Sister ……” She whispers in a consoling tone.

“Humph, I know you are kind, but why are you telling this hateful woman such info.” Du Wei curled his lips; however, he quickly smiled after pondering the idea: “It seems we can now find the source your magic’s failure…… Vivian, you lost your magic, and this hateful woman also lost her magic….. It seems the effects are not unique to you, but because of this place. Maybe this island has some power to suppress magic.

When he figured the horrible woman also lost her magic, Du Wei suddenly felt relieved.

A tiger may be terrible, but when facing a tiger without claws, Du Wei wouldn’t be so scruples.

He even went over and deliberately approached the snow beauty, chuckling: “What now, dear sorceress. What are you going to do to us now? Cast your magic and turn me into an ice wraith? Hmmhh….”

Watching Du Wei leaning over, snow beauty became stunned with fright. And when Du Wei’s position moved so close that his face nearly touched hers, a hint of anger flared into her eyes.

That’s when Du Wei got a bad, bad feeling.

Immediately, he felt a pain in his stomach! Then his whole body flew out, pounded to the ground!

Snow beauty tightly clenched her fists in front of him with a hateful look: “Humph, even without magic, you think you can bully me?! I’m not only a magician, I’m also a warrior. A swordsman that has passed the sixth level examination!”

Shit……

Du Wei smiled bitterly on the ground.

It seems he became a little too complacent…. And almost forgot the other day this girl already showcased her fighting ability. Unlike Vivian, she’s a master of swords and magic.

Even without her magic, she still had superb martial skills …… Enough to safely beat her opponent like Du Wei.

Successfully landing her first strike, snow beauty wanted to follow up with another kick; however, Vivian hurriedly ran over and stopped her with opens arms, “No-No! Sister, please don’t hurt him!!”

Snow beauty sneered, looking at Vivian: “Ah, poor Vivian, it seems I am right. This little aristocrat is indeed your little lover. Ah! You even protected him with all your efforts!!!!!”

“No, no, no……” When she heard “little lover”, Vivian’s face immediately reddened, her eyes showing traces of shyness as she lowered her head: “No, it’s not like that. I…… I…… He… He, we dropped here, and h…he…he took good care of me. He found water for me, and gave me some food. And he even saved your life. Y…y…you can’t hurt him!”

After listening to Vivian’s word, snow beauty pondered for a moment and drew back her fist: “Fine then! Since this guy saved me, I’ll forgive him this one time!”

“Tha-thank you.” Vivian breathed a sigh of relief.

Du Wei on the other hand coldly smiled as he laid there on the ground. Enduring the pain in his stomach, he climbed back up and shook off some of the dust: “Humph, if I had known, I wouldn’t have pulled you out of the ocean!”

“Humph.” Snow beauty sneered: “What a shame, now you don’t have the ability to toss me back into the sea.”

Du Wei kept his cool and said: “You’re right, it’s a shame I don’t have that ability, that’s the truth.”

“Vivian said, you saved me and brought me back here? Humph, I owe you one then, so I’ll forgive you this time in return for that favor. You better not enrage me again.” Snow beauty turns her back against him.

Instead of getting angry, Du Wei began to laugh and eventually applauded vigorously: “Very good, how entertaining! I’ve seen a lot of unreasonable women before, but I’ve never seen one so beautiful while being so unreasonable. You really opened my eyes today.”

After listening to those words, snow beauty felt a little embarrassed and harshly rebuked him: “What, you have something say?!”

“No, of course not.” Du Wei was very calm and peaceful in his tone: “I even think it’s quite fair….. Whoever’s fist is the biggest is the boss, they are never wrong no matter what they do. This form of reasoning had always been the truth in the world. Right now you are stronger than me, so it’s only natural that you can bully me for I am not your opponent. On the contrary, if I was stronger than you, I would have already kicked you into the sea.”

Snow beauty froze for a moment. Giving Du Wei an appraising look, her anger seems to subside and was replaced with a strange expression: “Eh? A little noble like you are quite interesting… Not as hypocritical as the others I’ve met before.”

Du Wei rubbed his belly and softly spoke: “Since you already hit me, then let’s get down to business. You lost your magic power, which means we can’t get off the island. What’s worse, this island has no food, and very limited drinkable water! Besides, as you just said, there’s a monster that can even eat a dragon… right? Now, I think its best that we sit down and have a good talk.” His tone serious.

Snow beauty froze for a moment. Thinking of her dragon, her face once again exposed a sad expression: “My Orcutt, my poor Orcutt……”

“Now is not the time to grieve. You better tell us what’s going on.” Du Wei coldly said: “Since that monster can eat your dragon, then maybe it will come around and eat us too! We must come up with a plan.”

Unlike her little sister, this ice beauty was much tougher. After a short cry, she reluctantly calmed down and began to recall her experience with a sullen face. Clearly her mood has stabilized a bit.

“Just as I was about to land with Orcutt, suddenly, on the edge of the island in the sea, a monster jumped out…… It’s very, very big…… I don’t know how to describe its appearance; it’s like a big meatball with two eyes on each side. And its body, I don’t even know how big it is because the creature only exposed a small section of its head…. Orcutt at the time panicked as the monster roared at us. Then…. It launched an attack on us using magic of the water affinity. Its powers were very strong, setting off waves as high as thirty meters into the air and dousing me and Orcutt out of the sky!”

Snow beauty’s voice was shaking by now.

“Then, Orcutt fought back against that monster, but my dear Orcutt’s retaliation couldn’t harm the thing at all….. It’s like the creature’s body had a shielding glow protecting it from our magic. Even though Orcutt released an ice storm on the thing and made a direct hit, the spell immediately bounced away… I also used my magic, but it was all useless! I’ve never seen a monster like this…… Or even heard of a monster of such power! Even for a top level magician, it’s impossible to fend against a dragon’s direct attack for as long as this creature did.”

“And then?” Du Wei frowns.

“Then of course I thought of making a run for it.” Snow beauty sullenly said: “Since we couldn’t beat the monster, I immediately thought of fleeing, but that’s when I realized it was too late. I don’t know what barrier the monster used, but Orcutt and I quickly hit something, an invisible wall. We tried several times to break through, but we couldn’t fly out of the way… And finally….”

“Finally what?” Du Wei asked

“Finally……” Snow Beauty forcibly wiped her tears: “Finally, that monster summoned a huge wave. The height of that wave…… I’ve never seen anything like that before, I think even my teacher cannot summon a wave of that size. The big wave directly rolled us down from the sky…. As I fell from Orcutt’s back, I personally witnessed that monster opening its big mouth and swallowing Orcutt! It… swallowed Orcutt in one bite!”

One bite?

Swallowing a dragon in one bite?

So, how big was that monster?!

Du Wei’s face was a little pale by now.





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.





* * *





Chapter 33




It looks like nothing was found at this location. Maybe try one of the links below or a search?

Search for:

Recent Posts

Miracle doctor chapter 376

Announcement, please read if you got this mail

Overturning the Heavens chapter 281

Miracle doctor chapter 366

Overturning the Heavens chapter 280

Most Used Categories

Uncategorized (1,027)

Archives

Try looking in the monthly archives. Archives

Advertisements

Report this ad

Advertisements

Report this ad



* * *





Chapter 34




Law of the Devil Chapter 34 “Leaving the Magical Island”

“What? You mean to make a raft to leave here?” Joanna frowned and questioned Du Wei “So this is your good idea? You plan is to sail out to sea with a small raft and take us back to the mainland? You must be crazy!”

Du Wei smiled, slowly detailing his plan: “I think it’s a very promising proposal. You and Vivian are both powerful sorceresses and can use any tools or mounts to fly far away, am I right? If you still had your power, you would have used it to leave this damn island already, right?”

“Of course!” Joanna replied in an almost shouting voice, “If I can still fly, I would have left already.”

“That’s where the issue lies.” Pausing to let his words settle, “You’ve lost your magic, but according to my guess though, the reasoning for this effect doesn’t lie with you two specifically, it’s the island itself! I suspect there’s something in here that’s suppressing the use of magic, like some barrier or some anti-magic field here…. most likely it has something to do with that scary big monster you saw before. So… I’m thinking, how far can this barrier thing really reach? Does it cover the whole island, or does it include parts of the sea? At least I’m sure this field can’t be too big.”

Finally getting where he’s going with this, Joanna picked up the words from here, “So you never did plan to take us back to the mainland with only the small raft, you wanted to use it to get past the anti-magic field so I and Vivian can restore our magic. Once we achieve that, then we don’t need the raft anymore and can fly home right?”

“Exactly.” Du Wei nodded.

“What if it doesn’t work?” Joanna frowned, “What if you were wrong? I mean, maybe Vivian and I are both hit with some kind of magic and can’t restore our powers even if we leave the island. Or maybe, we will return to normal in a few days or even a few months? Then what? Even if we can sail away from the island, we cannot fly either way. With just the small raft, its certain we be dead before long in the endless ocean.”

“Well it’s just a different form of dying then.” Du Wei raised his brown, “I can clearly tell you this… If we don’t leave this island in two to three days, then we will definitely starve to death. Although there’s a lot of trees on this island, but very few comes with edible roots. I’ve long noticed this situation when I was foraging, and I can’t guarantee I’ll be able to find more food tomorrow.”

“We can fish!”

“Haha!” Du Wei laughed, “Fish? You can try! Oh heavens… Those big waves produced by that monster we saw yesterday, also the earthquake… Even if there were any fishes in the sea, they must have been frightened away by these huge movements.”

Even though the idea sounds a bit risky, but after some careful thinking, Joanna decides what Du Wei said did in fact makes sense.

You either stay here and starve to death, or you go out and risk it.

Next was finding out how to make a raft.

The hardest thing was……There’s no tool here!

Even if you want to chop some wood from the trees……you’ve got to have an axe right?

Even if you don’t have an axe, at least a knife would help!

But let’s not mention a knife, they don’t even have a dagger!

Even though Joanna was also a warrior herself, sadly the only weapon she uses was a long green flute!

Without tools, are they supposed to chop with their bare hands? Sadly, Du Wei can’t do that, neither can the ice-cold woman here.

That’s when Du Wei started to turn his focus towards Joanna’s armor. The armor’s made of metal. If he can tear a piece off and sharpen it, the thing can act as a makeshift blade.

Sadly, Du Wei was disappointed once again.

It’s not because Joanna was being stingy about her magic armor, but because her armor was full of hollow patterns – they couldn’t even find a piece that’s the size of his palm!

Reconsidering his options again, Du Wei got another idea!

Dragon Scale!

No matter how much she loves her pet, Vivian had to agree with Du Wei’s plea to peel several scales off her precious Scorching Sun.

Dragon scales are extremely strong and durable. Like in the stories of old, legendary heroes would often use this material to make solid shields or armors for use.

Using the last bit of magic in her body to appease the slumbering dragon, Du Wei bravely peeled off two slices from the big loaf.

Then spending another day finding a rock of durable size, they managed to sharp the scales well enough to use as knives.

After that the two girls and one boy team spent another two days working on their raft.

While Du Wei and Joanna was busily chopping down trees for their vessel, Vivian was responsible for binding those logs together with vines.

Using his imagination, Du Wei even managed to make several paddles out of the tree trunks that he didn’t have other uses for. Then running off to find some more of those gourd like things, he intends to use them to hold their supply of fresh water while out at sea, and once combined with the raft, it will increase the buoyancy of the vessel.

Lastly, Joanna donated her white cape and turned it into a sail.

When everything was nearly finished, Vivian suddenly remembered a very important question!

“Wha-wha… what about my dragon?” Poor little Vivian suddenly remembered a crucial question!

A raft cannot take a dragon!

Actually, Du Wei and Joanna had already thought about this question, it’s just that they found it very hard to explain to Vivian.

It’s Vivian’s pet. Originally, she could’ve used her magic power to create a seal to store the loaf away and summon it when needed.

But without her powers, she cannot seal the dragon away and bring it with her.

Looking at each other, Du Wei and Joanna struggled to answer Vivian’s question.

Suddenly understanding the awkward silence, the silly girl began to shed tears of sadness, “No! No! I… I… I won’t leave… leave my dragon!! My Scorching Sun!!”

She cried and ran to her pet, throwing herself at the sleeping dragon and tightly holding it.

Du Wei sighed at the scene. Looking at this innocent and pure girl, Du Wei felt a tinge of guilt.

But what can they do otherwise?

They cannot take a big dragon like this!

Not to mention Du Wei’s not the rest of the people in this world… In the bottom of his heart, he won’t treat these dragon or lizards like some superior creature that mustn’t be discarded.

In his mind, only the most talented are the most important. Whether it be a dragon, or a snake… they are just “animals” to him.

Human life was the most important. Sacrificing a human life for an “animal”, it’s something Du Wei will never understand.

Furthermore… Humph, if not for Vivian’s presence, he would’ve slaughtered the big “animal” and ate its meat by now.

Of course, if he did that, Vivian will cry and die of sadness on the spot.

In spite of Vivian not wanting to leave her darling dragon, Du Wei and Joanna can only force their way with her.

Surprisingly enough, this ferocious woman who hadn’t shown an ounce of tenderness thus far was very kind to her sister.

“No need to be surprised.” Joanna already knew what Du Wei was thinking by the looks in his eye, “I’ve also lost my dragon too, I can understand her feelings.”

Du Wei could see from Joanna’s eye the pang of sadness lingering in there.

Finally, with both girls on the raft, set and ready, Du Wei began pushing from behind. Once far enough into the water, he jumped up to join the other two. Letting Joanna control the sail, Du Wei picked up the paddles and started rowing.

Only the poor little Vivian, who was forced onto the raft, was silently watching the island with her precious dragon moving further and further away, her tears swelling down her eyes….

The waves were small right now, they are lucky, but Du Wei and Joanna remains nervous the entire time because both are praying….

Praying for their journey to never encounter that sea monster!

If that monster could attack a dragon while lurking in the sea, then there be no difficulty for it in flipping their small little raft out in the ocean.

Right now, Du Wei’s only hope was to leave the island quietly until they are out far enough to use magic to fly away.

“The Almighty Goddess, please watch over us….” Joanna muttered.

For a weak young boy like Du Wei, it’s a definite struggle to continuously row the raft forward with a simple paddle. Nevertheless, his determination to leave the island will not allow himself to stop despite the fatigue in his arms.

Visually, they should be about two hundred meter from the island shore.

“How do you feel?” Du Wei asked Joanna loudly.

“No, still nothing.” Joanna tried to summon a wind element spell to strengthen the sail, but it didn’t work.

“Keep trying.” Du Wei grits his teeth as he said this.

Seems like the deities in this world don’t take kindly to a heretic like Du Wei.

As the raft sailed another hundred meters away, that scary roar appeared once again.

Then under the frightened eyes of the three, a humongous wave standing four to five meters high suddenly came smashing down at them from the peaceful sea surface.

Thud!

With the waves hitting their vessel, the vines from the raft tore apart and the logs making up the body of the raft splintered apart, throwing all three into the water at the same time…

Du Wei couldn’t move his body at this point. Thinking he will die, he opened his mouth for air but was hit with a gush of salt water into his throat. Going black in his eyes, the whirlpool under his body was sucking him further down into the water.

Du Wei can feel it, he’s sinking deeper and deeper….



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.





* * *





Chapter 35




Chapter 35 “Open Sesame”

By the time Du Wei regained consciousness again he could feel the back of his head lying against something soft. His body sore, he could feel every fiber of muscle and joints in his body suffering from pain.

Opening his eyes with great difficulty, Du Wei was relieved to find his female companions still next to him upon recovering.

Du Wei’s head was lying on Joanna’s lap, while Vivian was lying in his arms with her head pushing against his chin.

Like him, the two girls were also opening their eyes at this moment, confusion filling their murky eyes.

“Where are we…… did we get swallowed by the monster?” Joanna rubbed her forehead slightly, then she immediately noticed that Du Wei was lying on her lap, “What are you doing! Scram!” She suddenly screamed, forcefully rolling herself away and causing Du Wei’s head to plop to the floor.

Exerting great effort to stand, Du Wei rubbed his thigh muscles like they had been torn… This feeling was very uncomfortable, the same as when one gets a muscle cramp.

“Why are you so nervous for? It’s not like I did it intentionally.” Du Wei shot Joanna a glance. Not minding his gaze, this woman first straightened herself and then moved to help the poor little Vivian who’s still looking a still dazed from all this.

All three of them were wet, their hair stuck together into a sticky mess. Du Wei was a little better though, but the two girls didn’t fare so well.

Of the two, Joanna was technically the luckier one – she still had the hollow patterned armor on her body. But poor little Vivian was not so fortunate. Her magic gown was in tatters now after enduring her stay on island, and to make things worse, she had torn pieces of it off to be used for the raft earlier. Right now, aside from her boots, Vivian only wore a set of tight underclothes.

Normally this would be fine, but because it’s been soaked by the sea water, it became a little inappropriate for the eyes – obviously the fabric was a little too thin… And what made it even worse was that the women in this world had one crucial thing missing from the women in his previous world:

A bra!!

After being soaked by the sea water, the thin piece of underclothing was clinging closely to Vivian’s body, clearly outlining her fine figure… Especially the upper portion of this sorceress’s body.

Taking a glance, Du Wei couldn’t help but be distracted.

It’s obvious, although the manner of this sorceress seems a little too pure, and a little too childish… but her figure was already quite mature with the fine taste of a lady. To make it even more deadly, the sizable breasts were only covered by a thin layer of white fabric. If he stared a little deeper, Du Wei was worried he might even be able to see through to the pointed nipples clearly protruding on those mounds!

They may be stuck in a dangerous situation, but as a man, as a male of the specie, he can’t deny his bodily instincts!

But as soon as he came out of his deep thoughts and saw Vivian’s innocent face, his initial ideas were all squashed. Sighing, he sighed, “What a pity!”

“What are you looking at!” Joanna was after all the bigger of the two so she’s more cautious of the other sex. As soon as she noticed Du Wei’s line of sight, she grunted heavily and grabbed her sister over.

Making a ferocious glare, she said, “You lecherous little noble, look again and see if I won’t ply out your eyes!”

Du Wei didn’t argue with her. Turning around, he carefully scanned the surroundings – clearly they are in a cave.

Normally an underground cave would be pitch black with no light source, but not here. The walls were faintly glowing, thus allowing him to make out the area.

Just two steps away from where they were lying was a body of water… Based on this point alone Du Wei speculated they are currently in an underwater cavern. Due to its special topography, the insides didn’t get filled and was left hollow.

Stretching out his hand to touch the glowing wall, he found the texture of the rocks to be granular, and inside the grains were something like tiny sand minerals faintly glimmering.

“Cat’s Eye Pearl? No, it’s too small, better to call it Cat’ Eye Sand instead.” Du Wei retracted his arm.

Common sense gained from his previous life told him any natural object giving off light are usually the result of harmful radiation, meaning its dangerous to humans.

“What are you touching?” Joanna asked from behind.

“I’m assessing the terrain.” Du Wei replied, “We should be glad that we are still alive after being attacked by that monster… But I don’t understand why we ended up in here.”

“I… I… I think I might know a little.” Timidly opening her mouth, Vivian was too shy to even face Du Wei with her flustered face… She may be simple minded, but she’s still a teenage girl, how can she not read Du Wei’s gaze was aiming at her breasts earlier?

Just when Du Wei looked to Vivian for her explanation, Joanna deliberately coughed loudly and went ahead to ask, “What do you know?”

“Whirl, whirlpool.” Vivian repeatedly gestured her hands as she spoke, “Ju-just now, I-I can feel that w-we were pulled here by a whirlpool from the bottom of the sea.”

Du Wei frowned, “Is it that coincidencal? Why here and not somewhere? Why this cave and not us drowning to death?” His expression looked complicated, “I don’t believe it’s a coincidence…”

This cave was neither small nor big. Like an upside-down bowl, there’s no entrance or exit anywhere along the walls, it’s completely sealed. It’s likely the only exit or entrance was the body of water over to the side.

“I think, if we want to go out then we will need to jump into this crevasse and swim back out.” Du Wei concluded.

“If I knew then we should’ve stayed on the island!” Joanna observed the surroundings and came to the same conclusion. Looking annoyed, she said, “At least there was still fresh water to drink; plant roots to eat. And now? There’s only rocks here!”

“Not necessarily true, at least we have oxygen here and won’t suffocate, meaning there must be another entrance or exit here, it’s just we still haven’t found it yet.” Du Wei shakes his head.

“Oxygen? What is oxygen?” Joanna frown furrowed her brow.

Du Wei was speechless. After all, it’s too difficult to explain the concept of oxygen to someone who’s from this magical world. Du Wei stalled, then immediately changed the topic, “We need to come up with an idea… Can you two use your magic yet?”

Both sorceress shook their heads, thus ending Du Wei’s last idea.

This translation is only hosted on: https://bcatranslation.ca/

“Now what?” Joanna asked.

As if by instinct, these two women have taken to looking at Du Wei, the youngest of the group, to being their leader. Even Joanna, who’s usually very strong and tough headed, have started to rely on this young man. After all, Du Wei was the calmest among the three here. From working out the escape plan, to searching for food and fresh water, all the important decisions were made by him. He had unintentionally taken care of these two women.

“What to do?”

Du Wei really had no plan left.

Being trapped in a place where no one can see nor hear you, what else can he do? It’s not like he’s a celestial immortal!

Du Wei felt that he couldn’t even force a smile anymore, wanting only to loudly scream his emotions out; after all, his heart’s been taking quite the toll recently.

However, in the face of the two girls, especially those trusting big eyes from Vivian, he can only sigh.

Forcing a smile, Du Wei tried his best to comfort the girls with his words, “Don’t worry… Since the heavens didn’t let us die and took us to a place like this, then we are destined to not die in here. There must be a solution!”

Du Wei secretly sighed inside. Walking over to the side of the cave, he began to lightly fondle the wall as he smiled, “Let’s rest for now to restore our energy. Then…” Pausing to think of what to say, “…Then, there must be a solution… Hey, anyone wants to hear a story?”

Joanna pinched her mouth to the side. She’s not as innocent as Vivian, she cant tell Du Wei had no other plans left, but for the sake of the trembling Vivian, Joanna can only sigh and not say anything.

If we must die here… then so be it, let us die here! The tenacity in the heart has been suppressed for far too long, maybe it’s time to ease up…

Joanna didn’t say anything right now and was busy with her own thoughts. Meanwhile, Vivian had already taken a few steps away from her and was interestedly asking Du Wei “Wh-what story?”

“A tale eh… umm” Du Wei smiled and said, “I… once heard a story about a robber and a treasure. According to the legends, there was once a young man named Alibaba……”

Du Wei slowly told the story about the famous tale of the “Forty Robbers” in his previous life. Once done, he lastly pointed to the wall in the cave and said, “See that, maybe the heavens will make a miracle for us too! Maybe if you touch the top there and loudly shout “Open sesame”, a door will appear and let us out!”

Looking down, Vivian didn’t say anything and contemplated the idea. Then looking back up, this sorceress had tears filling her eyes as she whispered, “Du Wei, you are comforting me, right?”

Du Wei didn’t reply, in this situation he couldn’t bring himself to say anything that he can’t back up. The only thing he can do was gently pat Vivian on the head to console here.

But then Vivian suddenly made a smile as she muttered: “If you say there’s a solution then… then there’s a solution! We-we can try them one by one, we can knock on each of them and say ‘open sesame’!”

Although tears were filling those eyes, but the adorable smile on this little girl didn’t give up. Rising from her spot, Vivian lightly knocked on the wall and said in a sweet yet crisp voice, “Open-open sesame….”

Du Wei also suddenly found himself going bitterly sad inside… Is this adorable girl going to die here?

But it seems the heavens not done playing with him just yet!

Just when Du Wei himself was about to break into tears…

The moment after Vivian had just finished saying “Open Sesame”.

The wall in front of them suddenly fluctuated… That’s right, the solidly hard rocks making up the wall suddenly rippled apart like waves in the water.

From within, a skinny hand suddenly stretched out to appear in front of Du Wei and the group! Just before all of their eyeballs were about to pop due to disbelief, a weakly old voice drifted out from within.

“Finally… visitors… please come in……”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.





* * *





Chapter 36




Chapter 36 “The servant”

The skin of this stretch was inordinately dry and old, just like a skeletal hand covered with a thin layer of epidermis. Indeed, it was so dry that it resembled a threadbare trunk of a tree.

After the old man gestured the three individuals to come inside – the index finger aiming directly at Du Wei – the hand then pulled back into the wall.

Du Wei was the first to recover from this shocking scene. Reaching out after striding several steps forward, he touched it, he touched the wall in which that frightening being retreated to. It was soft and light to the touch, more like touching water. Believing its safe, he directly moved his entire arm inside the cave wall.

“It looks like… my hand can go in,” Du Wei’s voice was a bit hoarse, evident of how nervous he really was.

Clinging together with their hands clasped tightly against one another, the two ladies in the back were still hesitant.

“You sure we can go in?” Joanna appeared nervous in her eyes as she faced the boy, “What if that thing on the other side is coming at us with evil intentions?”

Indeed, the situation was very uncanny that she must consider that possibility.

“We don’t have a choice, it’s either we stay stuck in here or go take our chances.” Du Wei mildly replied, waving Vivian to come to his side. “Do you trust me?”

Over this question, Vivian answered it with a vigorous nod that left no questions about her trust. Together, Du Wei led the way first by holding the sincere girl’s hand behind her and in they went.

“Oh Almighty God, please bless poor little Vivian and Du Wei… Oh… and my sister as well!” Inhaling deeply to gather her breath, Vivian only managed to mutter this to herself before disappearing through the rock slab completely.

Gritting her teeth after witnessing her peers disappearing before her eyes, Joanna had no choice but to follow suit after gritting her teeth.

With everyone gone, the underwater cave would naturally return to its peaceful calm like no one has ever laid foot here. For Du Wei’s group though, things were rather different. It was like a nightmare when they transverse through the rippling wall. Dark and eerily quiet over on the other side, they can’t see a spec of light here nor could they hear anything. The only thing they can do now was to walk, walk using their intuitions and senses to lead them forward.

The other side must be using some kind of magic trick.

What if the other side decides to withdraw the magic when we are halfway down the path?

Would we be stuck inside the rocks forever?

How long do we have to stay in the dark?

While Du Wei continues to worry about all these questions and dilemmas, something abrupt occurred in front of them. Feeling like they’ve been released from the confines of the darkness, what appeared before their eyes was another cave several times larger than the last.

To their surprise, in the middle of this large space was a man wearing a long black gown and a tall pointed hat. Floating there, this person wasn’t touching the ground at all!

“Hey, it’s you isn’t it? You are the one who led us in here?” Du Wei asked.

That person didn’t reply, instead, he raised his hand and pointed his finger to signal something.

A big cave, dim lighting, cold air, a human floating from the ground while wearing a black gown… This situation was definitely frightening. Even if Du Wei was a man from another world where science reigned supreme, he cannot help but go dry in his throat over this freaky scene.

“You are… scared.” It was the same shriveled up voice from before, “Why?”

First inhaling deeply to compose himself, Du Wei replied through grits and stones: “We should be the one to ask ‘why’. Why have you led us here?”

That person didn’t respond, leaving him to ask again. “You must be the host here! Our raft got flipped in the sea. Did you do that? And does that monster belong to you? At any rate, what happened to us is that we fell into the sea and the whirling water brought us into this cave. Again, did you do that? Where are we? Who are you? And why are you doing this to us?”

No response.

Finally, after a long minute of this eerie silence, an old “mwahaha” laugh broke out. Using God as his witness, Du Wei can swear that in this and his previous lifetime that he had never heard something so malevolent.

“Stupid human…” the old voice replied, “You should thank me for saving you… If I hadn’t cast the magic, you would have been eaten by it already.”

The reply stunned Du Wei’s group!

“You mean… you saved us? What is this ‘it’ that you speak of?” Du Wei’s heart was pounding, “And who are you? Where are we?”

Another set of “mwahaha” laughs came as a result of his insistent questioning.

Floating over until there were only a few steps worth of space left in-between them, Du Wei can finally get a good look on that face.

It was a face of inhumanly white. This horrified the three there because they can almost see through the skin and down to the bones due to how transparent it looked.

Without exception, anyone who would have the misfortune to meet such a being would forever be scorned to have nightmares of this day.

While the two females in the back were horrified to the point where they were shaking incessantly, Du Wei could only brace himself by biting the bullet: “Please, who are you and where are we?”

No longer on equal footing, Du Wei’s attitude now was more conspicuous about his manners.

“Can’t you ask some more meaningful questions instead?” The old man had a mocking expression as the arm underneath that black gown raised itself.

From those skeletal fingers, a cluster of stars began rapidly rising out of it, catching Du Wei’s group by surprise in the process.

Suddenly, the walls were lit ablaze with candles, brightening up the entire cave with it and revealing the set of accommodations nearby: a stone table, some chairs, and a cabinet ordained with some items.

“Please, take a seat. You are my guests after all,” pointing to the stone chairs, “We can talk about this slowly.”

Then in a twist, the being cast a remark like he just recalled something, “Oh, let me think about what we are missing… Oh, I know.”

Looking up to face the ceiling, he snapped those fingers and shot a spark of light into the top. Crumbling under the magic, the ceiling soon opened up to reveal a golden chandelier ordained by twelve sets of candles there. This would of course shock Du Wei and the girls at the wonders of this spell.

This was especially true for Vivian and Joanna because only they would know how amazing this feat was.

Marvelous and overwhelming, those are the only words they can come up with.

“My little guests, is there anything else you would like?” The dark being sounded unconcerned.

“… food, and fresh water.” Du Wei asked with a tinge of hope in his voice, “We haven’t eaten for days.”

“….” The being laughed. Fortunately he didn’t laugh out loud; it was a silent chuckle. A skeleton’s restrained guffaw clearly does not make observers feel comfortable.

This translation is only hosted on bcatranslation

“I’m sorry but I can’t do it,” the person shook his head. “My magic can create anything in here… with food and fresh water being the exception. What you see in here are magic illusions: the table, the chairs, and the lights. They can trick your eyes and your senses of touch, but in the end they are not real. For that, I cannot alleviate your hunger or thirst.” He appeared surprisingly apologetic there for some reason.

But to Du Wei and the others, what he can do was more than enough to put him in a superior position.

“Vivian, can you use your magic to create all the objects in the room?” Du Wei asked the silly little girl next to him out of curiosity.

Vivian shook her head immediately: “Not even our teach-teacher can!”

Du Wei then looked to Joanna, who replied with: “Maybe this mage here is a God?”

“Oh little lady with the white hair, what did you say?” The old man had clearly heard Joanna, “You presume to take me as a god?! HA, if it was as you said…”

He drew closer to Joanna, his tone serious and deep, “Why don’t you tell me what your image of a god is?”

Clearly rattled by the sudden advancement, Joanna unconsciously leaned backwards to gain some distance: “God… God is God! The being who created this world and everything……”

Not waiting for Joanna to finish her statement, the dark being suddenly grew enraged!

As his gown fluttered there due to the blast of air gushing out of his existence, he roared: “LIES!!!!!!”

Due to the ferocity of that voice, even the cave and everyone inside were shaking vividly to the point where it’s dizzying.

In order to placate the ancient being, who was clearly hostile now, Du Wei carefully spoke out using a nervous tone, “So mister… what do you know about the ‘truth’ then?”

Strangely enough, the question had a calming effect on the dark being. Retracting that oppressive aura, he turns back to Du Wei: “Now is not the time to talk about this. First tell me your names my little guests.”

“Why?” Joanna asked.

“Because that is the basic thing to do when showing respect to your host.” The being then made a condescending chuckle, slightly shaming the girl in the process.

Without any hesitation, Du Wei cried out to meet the demand, “Du Wei Rowling, eldest son of Earl Raymond, the Deputy General of the Roland Empire.”

After that was Vivian turns, followed by Joanna who only yelled out her name and nothing else.

“Ah, good, good,” the host reveals a freaky smile, “a nobleman and two fine sorceresses. This time the guests are more interesting than the last at least.”

“So, mind letting us in on your name?” Du Wei puts on a friendly smile, “As a host, you should show some basic respect to your guests as well.”

“Me?” The dark being’s tone deepened, “My name is irrelevant. If you must know, my name is… Chris El Douri Sauniere Allah Bart Chilla Iglar.” He spoke his extremely long name in one go, leaving Du Wei and his friends in a complete daze.

At last, the man moved forward with the subject “… Actually, I’m not the host here. I’m just a servant, I’m the most loyal servant!”

Servant？

This mighty being who controls magic at the supreme level is but a servant? Who can possibly afford to use a being of this magnitude as a servent?!

“So… Your master is…” Du Wei was very careful in his tone. In fact, it’s drawing close to the point of venerating at the coming answer.

Even a blind man can see this person’s power are no laughing matter. Imagine the one behind that controlling him!

“My master is…” The being laughed, offering a twisted smile in the process, “You must know his name too. Although he has many different names over the years in your books, but the most common is…..”

He paused and smiled, letting his words sink in, “The Devil.”





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 37




Chapter 37 “Legend”

The Devil’s servant?!

If a man were to suddenly come to you and say he was the Devil’s servant, the most common course of reaction was to think he’s a madman.

But if he shows you the amazing feat of casting magic capable of going through walls, would you still think the same? Would you still think the same if he can create a magnificent chandelier, delicate candlesticks and a lot of different furnitures? Of course not! You would never question if that was nonsense or not!

Du Wei wanted to laugh at his own fortune. But unlike him though, the girls beside him didn’t find the same humor as he did at the news, their expressions were deathly ill.

“Ha… Haha…” Du Wei felt little vigor there: “You who claims to be the Devil’s servant… Why did you bring bring us here? I like to know that.”

“You can call me Chris .” The Devil’s servant shoots a glance at Du Wei when he said this, giving the boy an opportunity to notice that contrasting color in his pupils. One was green and the other black.

“…Well, Mr. Chris.” Taking in a deep breath, “You, the so-called Devil’s servant, why did you invite us here and what on earth are you planning to do with us?”

Chris did not reply, instead his bone fingers reached for the other side of the rectangular stone table: “Mr. Young Noble, tell me, what is your opinion about the history of this world?”

With a fast beating heart, Du Wei had no problem when answering this question likes its a casual thing: “History is nothing but lies written by the winners.”

“Ah…. how interesting,” Chris smiled. “What a fascinating young noble that you are. In truth I’ve been keeping a close tab on you in the past few days. You fascinate me with your viewpoints. For example, when you and that sorceress over there had a dispute, you said something about ‘there is no such thing as justice or injustice, only the one with the hardest fist is the right one.’ Did you not say something along those lines?”

Du Wei nodded at the question: “Not exactly like that but it’s close enough to my meaning.”

“Then I have one request. Can you tell me your opinion on the history of this world? In your viewpoint of course.”

Hmm, how should I answer him…. Despite his careful musing, Du Wei ended up answering without careful consideration anyways.

“Hmm, in my opinion the so-called justice and injustice are all different depending on one’s standing. The victor will always be right while the loser will always be wrong. The reasoning is because only the winner gets the final say and record the events of said time. That’s how the world works at its core.”

“Very good!” Chris was obviously satisfied with that answer because his next course of action was like a prayer. Arms folded around his chest and his head high looking up: “Oh my great master, I finally found a believer in you again!”

“Wait! You say… believer? No, wait! I am not a believer of evil!” Du Wei quickly refutes the claim, “I am not a believer in anyone! I don’t believe in God, and I most certainly don’t believe in the Devil.”

“Then what do you believe in?” Chris shows a wicked smile as if he’s caught the boy.

“I believe in myself…. I will only believe in myself!” Du Wei exclaimed.

At the same time when he shouted this aloud, Joanna and Vivian were both gasping at his remark, their hands covering their mouth in shock: “Oh my God!”

Chris was practically cheering in his laugh now: “You see? What you said just now, ‘You will only believe in yourself and not anyone’, isn’t that the classical doctrine of the Devil’s faith?!”

This had left Du Wei rather confused there.

“Alright, we can drop the topic then if you don’t like it.” Chris slowly encroaches in on Du Wei like a whispering demon: “Connecting with your interesting viewpoint on history, as well as what makes a winner and a loser, what is your view on God and the Devil?”

“Do you even need to ask?” Du Wei was chuckling at the silly question: “If two powerful entities were to fight then God would be the winner and the Devil would be the loser. Since the winner gains everything then its only natural history would be written according to the winner’s wishes. As for the loser, they can only accept of the consequences of losing. Am i wrong? So towards whatever God and Devil, there’s no need for evil or good, only winner and loser.”

Joanna and Vivian were very uncomfortable right now. In their opinion, Du Wei’s viewpoint was borderline outrageous and treasonous!! If the people outside were to learn of this, he would surely be sentenced to the cross and be burnt alive by the Temple of Light.

But as if Du Wei could care about any of that at this moment. After a brief contemplation, he suddenly asked: “Winner and loser…. Chris, you….”

“Yes, I am a loser,” Chris dropped his head after giving his honest answer. “It is a pity. During the last struggle for power, my master ended up losing and myself ended up being imprisoned here. In truth, this place here is my prison to keep me confined here.”

Pausing as if remembering his past, Chris then grew more gloomy as he continued: “I have been on this island for a very long time, so long that I am starting to forget how long.”

“You said…. island?” Du Wei urgently inquired: “You say you are imprisoned on this island… then are we also on the island? You brought us back to the island?”

“Accurately speaking, it’s ‘inside the island’.” Chris grinned, “Or better yet, it’s inside its body.”

Du Wei instantly went green at the news.

“Don’t you get it yet…?” Chris sighed: “What you are calling the Monster is fact this island! This is no island at all, but the body of the monster. During this period you have been living on its back! As for me, I am imprisoned inside its body and this monster is responsible for keeping me confined here! This thing is my jailer.”

After having said this, Chris then flicked his sleeves to stop Joanna who was about to cut in to say something: “No, no, don’t speak yet, listen to me first!”

“A very long time, so long that I can’t even remember now, I have been here…. However, that doesn’t mean you are the first guests to come see me. Once upon a time, some other humans had also come across this island by accident. Like you three, I also saved them by pulling them in here. Some were wise and some were fools. You, little boy, are wise, but I can’t say the same for the two little lassies behind you.”

“Who are you calling a fool?!” Erupting at the insult, Joanna was outraged by the dark being’s claim: “You are but the Devil’s servant….”

“Ah, the little sorceress got angry.” Not getting angry at the rude remark, Chris only peered into the girl’s body as if able to pierce into her very soul using those contrasting black and green eyes of his: “That so called God claims all form of power comes from it right? Everything in nature, right down to your magic powers, are from it, right? Then little sorceress, I want to ask you this. I, the Devil’s servant, do not believe in God. Please tell me, where does my power come from? Lovely little sorceress, can you answer me that?”

As angry as Joanna was, she couldn’t answer it and became speechless.

Issuing out a sigh, Chris was full of sympathy in his gaze:

“You can’t answer me right? Then I will give you the answer…… That God you believe in, it lied to you! The power of nature comes from him? That’s a downright lie!”

Joanna became very embarrassed over her own turmoil. It’s as if her very faith had been overturned in one second to the next. She wanted to retort the claim but couldn’t, there’s no fault in the dark being’s wording.

That’s right, from the very beginning of her magical education, she had been taught the source of all magic was from God. In order to utilize magic, one must borrow the power of nature created by God before fueling their spells with this energy. So how does one tap into this source of energy? By believing in God of course!

That’s magic, that’s the logic behind it!

But now…… this servant of the Devil who never believed in God can wield magic more powerful than her own, had just proven the fault in her logic. What was she supposed to make of that?

“See? What I said is right, some of you are wise and some of you are foolish.” Though Chris’s voice was mild and weak, but his words were piercing for Joanna as if she had been pierced by multiple needles. “You are not the first practitioner of magic to come here so I’ve seen that reaction before. There’s no need to be so distraught over the truth.”

Done lecturing the girl, Chris then turns back to Du Wei with a gleam of satisfaction: “Adorable little noble, you are a wise person so I will talk with you as so. I’ve been waiting a long time, waiting exactly for a wise person like you. I want to make a deal with you.”

“…… A deal?”

“That’s right, a deal,” Chris grinned before knocking his head as if trying to remember something: “Let me see, who was the last person to make a deal with me? Ah yes, his name was Aragon Roland!”

“Aragon Roland?!!” This time it was Du Wei and his girls all exclaiming at once. It’s because the name was too sensation and too well-known.

Universally recognized as one of the few Saint Class warriors to have ever walked this world, and universally recognized as one of the super magicians to have ever been recorded in the annals of history!

Aragon Roland, this name was a legend! The only person in all of mankind to have ever mastered both the use of Dou Qi and magic. He’s truly a peerless master of his age and arguably the strongest being to this day even!

Take Joanna here for example, she herself was one of Aragon’s admirers. That’s why she chose to practice both martial art and magic, so she can copy her idol.

But more importantly, the main reason why the three would be so shocked and surprised by Chris’s statement was that Aragon Roland was in fact the founding ruler of the empire! The very nation in which they lived in!

The great founding emperor!! The one who led his matchless army across all parts of the continent and conquered kingdom after kingdom to create the current Roland Empire, that Aragon Roland!

“Don’t be so nervous, Aragon Roland is just the last person to come make a deal with me here, that’s all.”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 38




Chapter 38 “Heart of a King”

“Back when the guy came here it was on a crummy boat. Shame for the boat though. The crew really shouldn’t have parked it so close to the island because the monster ended up swallowing it whole as well as everyone aboard. I had to pull him here like the three of you in order to save his life. That’s how I ended up making a deal with him.” Though Chris was elusive on the details, what he did give though was more than enough to cue in on what occurred later.

Du Wei was no newcomer when it came to the history of the Roland Empire. As a child who had the mindset of an adult, he had been thoroughly indoctrinated to the history and biography of the founding ruler like a kid being fed with candies.

It can’t be helped, in his opinion, Aragon Roland’s life was like a hero out of the legends. It was surreal how lucky the man was. If he had to use a catchphrase from Earth, it would be ‘his luck is as strong as a cockroach!’

Born of a declining aristocratic family, Aragon was the third son of a low ranking noble in a small kingdom, meaning he had no rights to the inheritance of his House. So what did he do? He went on an adventure in his younger years.

He was but sixteen when he left home. Traveling alone through the land as a mercenary, he was so full of adventurous fantasies that he will have it no other way. That suited him well during that time because it was a turbulent era full of danger and opportunities.

Unlike the current state where one empire rules them all, the main state of the continent was divided into multiple smaller kingdoms. Strife with war, battles never ceased and smaller kingdoms would often be conquered by their neighboring nations. A perfect situation where heroes of legends would be born.

In the beginning Aragon wasn’t what you would expect of a leader, he only wanted to enjoy life and explore the world. That’s how he fell in love with the sea. He wanted to explore the vast ocean and what lay beyond its borders.

That year he was twenty one already. To realize that wish, he invested all of his savings into a merchant ship. Unfortunately for Aragon, his first voyage ended up in failure and proceeded to lose everything – his crew and his ship. However, only he managed to return alive through some miraculous means that remains unknown to this day.

According to most historians, it’s widely believed that if it weren’t for that crucial misfortune at sea, the great founding emperor would’ve likely become a great marine merchant.

Dreams shattered and broke afterwards, Aragon then had no choice but to return home where his father and brothers lived. And since he’s the third son, he had no right to the land and its properties. So, once his father passed away not long after, all he had for his name were a small sum of coins given to him by his father’s will.

However, what came next literally shocked everyone. Instead of investing what little he had into a small home or starting a business, Aragon spoiled his money away at organizing a private army.

Everyone mocked over this decision. His home country was at peace and war was far away, there’s no reason for a private army. But he proved them wrong! In less than half a year, war had arrived at their doorsteps due to the conflict of two neighboring nations.

It was during this period Aragon’s remaining brothers were killed during the chaos and his ancestral home burned to the ground. Not going to be disheartened, Aragon then led his men away and joined a great nation, which eventually rewarded him with a high military position for his achievements.

Afterwards it was a full on display of glory and strength.

Peerless in the battlefield, it didn’t take long for his name to spread to every corners of this land after his innumerable exploits. By the end of the first war, he had both wealth and title, a feat far surpassing anything his father had ever achieved. This was proof his choice back then was the right one.

Peace ensued in the coming years, giving him the opportunity to do other things. Despite the summons of that great kingdom to continue on with his services, Aragon refused and turned his sight on the Magic Union.

Less than a year later, he was awarded with the qualifications of a mage….

Then came the second war three years later. By then he was already known as a Grand Magician as well as a peerless swordsman, a feat achieved by none before then.

A man once asked Aragon why he became a magician back then, his answer was simple: his army needed a mage and he couldn’t find one. That’s why he learned magic, to fill in that gap.

When war broke out again, the country where Aragon lived was already in great peril. Tapped dry of reinforcements because a final draft had already been issued to the nobles, it was Aragon’s arrival with his private army that turned the tide in their favor.

Whether it be friend or foe, both sides were exhausted. No doubt about it, the battles thereafter were easy picking for Aragon.

Slaying the enemy commander in the last battle and completely crushing the enemy head magician, Aragon issued out a final blow to the enemy ranks when he performed a forbidden magic of devastating proportion. Thousands of lives were lost in that instant.

By the end of the war, Aragon’s influence had crept into every fiber of the kingdom. Weak and without much power at his hand, the king at the time was left with no option but to award the man with the title of Dukeship.

Then a year later the king passed away….

Coincidence? Maybe, but historians have always disputed the claim of illness being the cause. More believed it’s too “coincidental” and even pointed to Aragon being the real reason why the king died because there was no immediate heir to the throne.

So who became the final beneficiary? Of course it was Aragon.

Taking the old king’s niece as his wife, he enthroned the woman as the Queen of the kingdom. Then three years later his wife too died. That’s when Aragon crowned himself king!

Later on in the records of history, Aragon Roland was then constructed as the perfect invincible commander, leading his army to occupy one territory after the next. Before long, merely after fifteen years of unification, the land was whole and the Roland Empire was founded!

A perfect story from a fairy tale, right?

Du Wei tries hard to recall all that he could about the lives of the first emperor….

It’s pretty obvious Aragon had come here after his shipwreck, according to Chris’s claim anyways. Then through this servant of the Devil, the man successful made a deal to gain something great that would allow him to propel himself to the top of this world.

And now, this very same “servant” wants to offer him the same deal? His heart that had been calm and thought to be dead was starting to pound with excitement.

“Adorable Little Noble, your heart seems to be beating really hard.” Chris’s smile was very suitable for his devilish background.

Inhaling deeply: “Dear Mr. Chris…. Of course my heart would be beating hard, I’m being tempted by the Devil right now!”

Now that did it. Chris’s smile was already spooky as it was, now it’s even freakier than ever. With a wave of his black sleeve, Vivian and Joanna who were behind Du Wei suddenly fainted away at the same time. It’s as if they’ve been enchanted with a sleeping spell.

“No one will know about our deal,” Chris smiled, “When they wake up again they will forget everything that has happened here, including everything about me.”

The opportunity was now laid before his eyes!

Panting due to his short of breath, Du Wei honestly had trouble keeping his composure: “A deal eh…. tell me then, what can you give me…. and what do you want in return?”

Chris did not reply immediately to his question, instead he asked one of his own: “Don’t you want to know what I gave Aragon?”

“I think I have an idea already,” hesitant at first, Du Wei answered in earnest at the end.



What did Chris give Aragon?

Towards that question, Du Wei’s first instinct was swung towards the great strength portrayed by the founding emperor. Wielding the power of a Saint Class warrior and the power of a Grand Magician. Both abilities together had made Aragon the top being in this world. He can slaughter the strongest fighters in the enemy ranks, and he can defeat the toughest of magic casters. All of this made him the perfect commander in the battlefield.

However, this also raised some doubt in Du Wei’s mind.

According to the historical records, Aragon never had any incidents where he suffered from a major injury in his life! Even during his senior years, he had neither sickness nor pain, only a quiet death in his sleep at night.

His life was too perfect.

“In addition to his powerful martial art and magic, did you also give him an almost invulnerable body?” Du Wei inquired.

“Not exactly that, but a body without any fatal weak points,” Chris smiled devilishly. “When Aragon left here, he was already a man without a heart. I cut out his heart and kept it here with me! That’s why he can never be harmed, he has no heart so how can he be killed?!”

Towards that explanation, Du Wei’s body instinctively started to twitch in the corner of his eyes and mouth.

Heart?

“It can’t be that you will also ask for my heart, right?” Du Wei maliciously looked at Chris like he’s the evil one: “What are you going to do with my heart? Surely you won’t have it for dinner, will you? Fried or grilled?”

“Neither.” Chris doesn’t seem to mind that mockery, instead his reply was calm and somewhat proud: “I merely wanted it as a souvenir. A heart of a true king… the heart of a leader…. is there something more interesting to collect than that?”

Du Wei exhaled a sigh at the guy’s statement. He can tell things weren’t that simple, but since Chris wouldn’t say then he’s in no position to demand the truth.

“Then you only took his heart?” Du Wei frowned, “Anything more?”

“No, that’s it, only his heart.” Chris’s answer was direct and plain, borderline boring.

Looking at how confused Du Wei was in his eyes, the old being chuckled: “I know a mortal child like you can never understand the pleasure of owning a king’s heart. Don’t mind it and just take it as is.”

Du Wei really wanted to lament over his situation.

“Fine then, tell me, what do you want to take from me? Just a heads up, I don’t think I can accept having my heart ripped out though.”

“No, no, no, one heart of a king in my collection is enough for me. I don’t like to repeat things.” Chris showed off his wicked smile again: “Besides…. such a long time had passed since then and my power is starting to fade. When Aragon left, he also took with him half my power, otherwise how would he master the manipulation of magic so easily?”

So that’s how…. Du Wei blew a whistle, applauding the man’s ability to barter a trade.

“Besides, Aragon later broke his agreement with me and didn’t accomplish his end of the bargain.” Shaking his head, Chis appears disappointed: “I’ve come to realize doing a one-time deal is very risky for me. Even if you do break our agreement after you leave, I can do nothing to you. That’s something I learned after my experience with Aragon. So, if you want power then I will give it to you in intervals.”

“For example?”

“For example, I can let you enjoy a little sample first my adorable little noble. After that, you will do what I ask you to do. When accomplished, you will come back to me and I will give you a new reward!” Chris said this with a slyness befitting his dark image.

“A sweet little sample? What sort of sweet little sample?”

“Whatever you want,” Chris grew even more wicked in his expression while his voice carried with it a strange temptation.

“I can give you everything! Although it does have its limits because I can’t grant what is beyond my ability, but it should still be enough to tempt anyone who comes by my offer! If you like girls then I can give you the ‘eyes of enchantment’! With that ability, you can charm any girl you come across and make them fall madly in love with you. Heck, they will even perform a nude dance on the spot if you so wish for it.”

Uh… That’s so tempting…. Exhaling a sigh, Du Wei wasn’t going to be convinced so easily.

“You know I am a noble right? I believe with my status and background I won’t be lacking in females. Besides, I’m not that fond of the female sex that I would pony up myself like that.”

“Well… if you don’t need girls then I can give you the heart of a dragon. Your current body seems quite weak….. Hmm, if you have the heart of a dragon then your body will be reinforced immediately and become abnormally strong like that of a dragon! That’s not all, I can also give you a small little gift as an extra… for example, you will be able to use some low tier draconic magic.”

Imagining himself with big bulky muscles… Nope, Du Wei squashed that idea immediately.

“I am sorry. I am not interested in the war. The strength does not give me security….in fact, from a historical point of view, a strong warrior plays only the role of subordinate for the true man with power.”

“Then I will give you power.” Chris in deep thought said: “If you like the power, I can give you a heart that can see through the mind of others. You can see through the disguises of your opponent, and you can hear the voices from their heart! This will let you take a superior stance during your political career…. With your clever head, I’m sure it won’t be long before you become a great figure in the human world! ”

“I am the eldest son of the vice-commander of the empire.” Du Wei twitched in his mouth when he mentioned this part: “I am also the first successor to the Rowling family, do you think I would be worried about my future position and power? My father will become the empire’s military commander soon, or even the Chancellor. Surely I will get all of his inheritance when the time comes. I am sorry, your proposal cannot move my heart.”

Actually, Du Wei was lying straight to his bones, but Chris doesn’t know that nor does he have the means to verify the truth.

“You… Little Noble! What on earth do you want then?” Apparently even a millennial old monster like Chris can be annoyed too.



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 39




Chapter 39 “Bless of God”

Shot!

Goal in!

Inter Milan leads AC Milan by 2-1!

Great Grosso, he succeeded the glorious tradition of Italian football! Facchetti, Maldini, they are possessed by spirits…..they are not human beings! They are not a human beings!

“What a mess…” Du Wei frowned watching TV: “What is wrong with this thing, how do i watch my broadcasting of the World Cup series?”

He went to the television and patted it with force, and then pulled out the a pack of cigarettes from the tea table and lit it up…..after some puffs…..

So good…. I haven’t smoked for a long time, in the Roland Empire there was no cigarette…..

Huh? What am I talking about? Roland Empire?

Du Wei felt a little confused in his consciousness….and then a sudden flashback came into his memory!

After that everything in front of him: living room, sofa, tea table, TV and wardrobe of his house….suddenly all twisted up! The last thing around him twirled and twirled very fast….became a huge whirlpool, and Du Wei himself was standing in this whirlpool. He was immediately sucked in…..

Damn it! My Milan Derby game….Let me at least finish watching a

Bang!

It was as if there have been claps of thunder in his head, immediately as if someone beat drum repeatedly near him….

Du Wei felt a great headache….Painful! So Painful! His headache almost shattered his head!

“Ah…” Du Wei could not help moaning, he held his head with two hands and came to know that his hair was wet!

How is that?

Du Wei opened his eyes…..

He finally woke up.

Living room, sofa, TV, Milan Derby……all was a dream.

Du Wei was now on a raft. He was all wet with messy hair and it was a bit cold.

He rubbed his head hard but still he felt great pain, he thought that in the previous life of he had suffered a severe migraine headache.

Du Wei began to massage the acupoints on his head to kill the pain…….but soon, he felt a lump on his head!

Just in the middle of the top forehead!

Yes, just in the middle! Gently pushing aside the hair, he could obviously feel the small bump on his head!

It was a horn!

The stupor daze finally went away, Du Wei sighed, and recalled the deal between Chris and him!

As I thought…..horn…..haha now I have a horn on my head.

The horn was hard and cold, it was as if joined perfectly with the skin and bone of his head….it did not look like… um, it did not look to be transplanted the day before yesterday.

Fortunately, the horn was not so big, it was only in a finger node size (about one-third of a finger), like a size of a thumb.

Du Wei repeatedly touched the horn on the head: “Alas, I wonder what magic material Chris used for it…..it doesn’t look like a bone…”

The sea was calm at the moment, there was boundless sea around him. Obviously he has already escaped far away from that terrible island!

The raft that he was on, was the one he had made on the island! The same one! Even the rough stitch of cloth was the same! (That was stitched with a small sharp branch as needle and tree bark as thread.)

Wasn’t this raft been wrecked and sank into the sea? Chris have incredible powers to recover it, his magic is really great!

And…. the two girls.

Joanna and Vivian, the two sorceress were also on the raft. Two of them, hugging each other with locked eyes, were having a sweet sleep.

The eyelids of them quivered, evidently they were to wake up. Du Wei touched his hair in a hurry. His hair was jumbled, and he thought for a while, then he tore down a piece from his cloth and made something like a sailor hat.

It was Vivian who woke up first. After opening her eyes, she looked at Du Wei for a while: “Uh..I…how long did I sleep…..”

Du Wei smiled: “Not long.”

Joanna suddenly let out a scream: “Ah!! The waves! The waves! The storm?”

Du Wei blinked his eyes, and looked at her holding back his laughter: “Which storm? Which waves?”

Joanna looked confused: “I remember we had a huge waves and storms…and our raft sank.”

Du Wei looked at Joanna’s face and sighed. He offered his hand to touch her forehead: “Do you have a fever?” he pointed the surroundings: “You see, we are on the raft, aren’t we? Jeez…you must be tired, so you had a nightmare.”

Then Vivian opened her mouth: “i….i…i also had a dream of storm…..our raft, sa…sank….”

Two girls looked each other with eyes full of doubt.

Du Wei sighed with relief without being noticed. What Chris said was true. They could not remember what happened when they wake up.

Not clear what kind of magic did the devil’s servant used, but he really erased the memory of others!!

Joanna sprang up and contacted her eyebrows: “Really, there is no storm….but my dream was very awful…it was like reality! ”

With her pretty but serious face and her brows knitted, she tried to think out, but in vain. Vivian, with her wide-opened eyes blinkingly, looked at Du Wei, and her face was as if she was fooled.

“Well…” Du Wei laughed with guilty conscience: “I think you are very tired …..to say about the dream, you probably had the same dream….I also had a dream relevant to you.”

“What?” Two girls opened mouth at the same time.

Du Wei smiled: “I had a dream about the big comfortable bed in my castle; there I laid down between you, with one hand hugging Vivian and the other hand Joanna…. ”

Du Wei, while saying, put naturally puts his hands on their shoulders.

Vivian blushed immediately and dropped her head down. And Joanna also blushed not because she was shy, but mostly due to anger!

Skelp! She hit his hand down her shoulder, and gave him a kick.

Du Wei was nearly kicked down to the sea, and smiled bitterly: “It was just a dream, why are you so angry?”

“Shut up, you don’t need to say about your dream.” Joanna’s face flushed a little.

Then she looked around and suddenly exclaimed: “I ….we have escaped? We left that island!!”

Looking around the wide sea, three of them cheered loudly….but Du Wei was the only one who feigned.

“Try your magic.” Du Wei smiled.

Both Vivian and Joanna could use magic…..but it seemed to have some problems.

Vivian tried to use magic of creating wind to accelerate the sail, but only cool breeze came to blow the hair of the beauties tousled up.

Joanna, who was impatient, soon flew away from there….unfortunately; she fell into the sea after a while of flight!

Du Wei bound empty gourd around his body and swam to Joanna. When she was saved, she had drunk a lot of water.

Salty and bitter sea water made he sick, so she vomited for a while, after climbing on the raft.

“Well, you two sorceress…it seems your magic restored a bit, but it is not up to normal level. Just a little restored compared to when you were on the island.” Du Wei held his laugh and saw Joanna: “For example, Joanna….when you were on the island, you could fly just more than ten meters, but now you can fly just about 20 meters!”

“You! You are making fun of me! Wow…..” she just said back the half sentence, suddenly she felt sick again and laid there to continue vomit.

Du Wei smiled with narrowed eyes: “I think, even though we left the island, the suppression to you magic would go on for some period and will be fading slowly. I guess, you can get back your normal magic about two days later.”

“You…How do you know that! Humph!” Joanna asked coldly.

“I guessed. ” Du Wei shrugged.

Actually, it was what Chris told him.

Two days were not so tough to wait….only they hoped to be lucky not to run into a storm. And also, they have to suffer hunger for these two days as well.

On the island, three of them had to eat only roots of plants. This time on the raft, Du Wei thought many ways to dig out what little food was left. But that was not enough and could last for one day only.

After sunset, they ran out of food.

These three were young man and women and their bodies were under growth, so they had a big appetite. But every day they could not eat fully. They could endure till this day, but they have already reached their limit.

Du Wei couldn’t help to start think of the small cage hanging on the waist of Vivian!

That was a magic monster that looked like a fat round meat!

Vivian already knew enough about Du Wei! She saw that Du Wei was more frequently looking the cage on her waist; everyone could know what he was thinking about.

She was frightened, held the cage tightly, and kept looking at Du Wei with pleading eyes.

Oh almighty God…. please bless the poor little Vivian…and the poor chirp….

Finally, after so many days, the Almighty God heard the Vivian’s prayer for the first time in that evening!

Away in the distance of the sea, there was a light! That light was coming closer and closer….Du Wei saw with his own eyes, that was a boat!

Suddenly, their tired bodies were fiiled with energy! Joanna and Vivian jumped up, waved and cheered to the boat direction.

Du Wei was staring at the boat with calm for a while…..

It came closer and closer, it was a ketch. The boat was not so big and was slightly worn out….but something made him startled……

On the flagpole, there was a black flag! The flag of a black background with the design of a skull, below the skull there were two swords!

…..the Jolly Roger?

Du Wei’s mouth was smiling…. the God doesn’t treat me so bad….he actually sent me a pirate ship!



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 40




Chapter 40: Du Wei’s First Fleet

The pirates on the boat could also see the three people on the raft. With the boat getting close, few sailors had already stood along the boat side, they were quite interested in the three individuals on the raft including Du Wei.

Two female magicians also thought that the boat was crapped…It didn’t look like a merchant ship, it’s a little bit old. Though there were few cannons on the boat, the flag of the Imperial Navy could not be found.

“Hey! Look, there are a few little fellows…Oh, also with two women! Hahahaha…” The sailor on the boat screamed, followed by a burst of laughter. More pirates rushed to the boat side to have a look of Du Wei and the two girls on the raft.

Du Wei sighed loudly and shouted,” We had a shipwreck, can you help us?”

They laughed louder and louder, obviously, they were full of malicious intentions.

Subsequently, a rope ladder was put down, Du Wei sighed, and glanced at Joanna, Joanna understood his meaning and climbed first.

Joanna was a very strong woman. Although her magic power was not fully recovered, at least recovered to one-third that was nearly equivalent to the power of a low-level magician, meanwhile, she still had her burst of martial art skill!

Though with such level, it’s not enough for fighting against other masters, but it’s more than enough for fighting against dozens of little pirates.

Joanna climbed first, Du Wei was the next, finally it was Vivian.

Those sailors stood around and laughed at these three youngsters, it seemed like they were the lambs on the fingertips.

“Look! Such pretty girls!”

“Absolutely! Look at the girl on the left, such long legs! Captain must like her much!”

“Haha. As I said, you are on the right boat!”

These guys were scruffy, and most of them were with barefoot. Their outfits are shabby with dirty faces. But they grinned at Vivian and Joanna creepily.

Vivian was scared, her courage was far from the power she got, she hid behind Du Wei. Though Joanna didn’t look good, she was in bad mood already.

Even the Imperial Barrack, these violent beauties dared to attack, not to mention the little pirate on this ship.

“Silence!”

A hoarse voice came from inside, then was the sound from the boots, a tall man came out. He wore in a scruffy Imperial Navy uniform without the badges. This uniform was little dirty, but the shoes were well-polished.

His waist was also had a long and sharp sword like the Imperial Navy Officer. He wore a captain hat, with one hand on his hips and carrying a pocket watch on his other hand.

This man should be the captain. Although he was tall, he was so ugly with triangular eyes, garlic nose, and moustache…The first impression came up in Du Wei’s mind was obscene.

“Keep Quiet! Don’t terrify my guests!”: The Captain smiled maliciously, then glanced at Du Wei and the girls, when he saw the eyebrows of Joanna and Vivian, apparently there was a sense of immorality blooming. But when he saw Joanna’s armor, he was a bit startled.

Then Captain released a little bit and thought, “She is only a young girl, her power must be weak? Huh…she probably comes from some noble family.”

He totally ignored Du Wei.

The clothes on Du Wei was already torn, his feet were bare, scruffy, his hair were messy. His body was tied with five to six empty gourds (Those used to remain afloat.). He looked like a wild man.

“Welcome on board…Let me introduce myself, I am the captain on this boat, you can call me Captain Morales or just call me Captain directly. “ He talked proudly. “ I never expected in this boring weather I can meet such beautiful ladies…Oh, my room is at the back, I think perhaps these two ladies would like to change their clothes…then we can have a nice meal! Right?”

Obviously, they hadn’t eaten for many days, even the two female magicians were very pretty, they looked pale and thin.

The captain couldn’t wait to thank God!

Having bad luck in recent days.

Firstly, the order from the Lille province let the whole Eastern Naval Fleet of the Imperial kingdom patrolled within the sea area nearby without knowing what the Navy was doing!

Obviously, this worsened the life of the pirates. Few days ago, this pirate ship met the warship of the Imperial Navy, after a hasty panic fight, the captain immediately ordered to escape. With the light boat, the speed could be slightly faster. The warship had been following the Captain’s ship for two days! One was escaping while the other one was chasing at the back, until this afternoon, they finally escaped from the warship under the mysterious fog.

They were very tired in these days.

He didn’t expect God actually sent few maidens to them as reward…

Oh, look at these two pretty chicks, they are much better than the prostitutes at the Port! If they were in nude and clean, lying on the bed, that should be a wonderful scene!

“Come on! Pretty ladies.” Captain was a little bit slack, he even pulled Joanna and said, “Pretty ladies should have suffered i will take you for some rest on my boat…”

When the captain touched Joanna’s shoulder, Du Wei had already sighed, and he closed his eyes….

Scream!

There was a light coming from Joanna’s body! That is the skills of a warrior who is above the intermediate level!

Accumulating Power!!

Captain screamed and his body was on the sky, his beautiful hat fell on the deck…and he…

Did you see the parabola in the air? Du Wei smiled, with a sound of a splash, captain had already fallen into the water…

Everyone was shocked!

Soon, the pirates had come out of their trance! all of them picked their weapons and rushed over!

Joanna hummed…her anger in these few days finally found a way to be released!

Her hands were empty, she didn’t take any weapon, she just readily grasped, and caught up the guy who rushed towards her and treated him as a human weapon!

After crying, screaming and banging, the sound of splashing in the sea increased.

While Du Wei was counting from one to ten in his mind, one-third of the pirates and sailors were fallen into the sea!

“Good Job! Joanna, you may stop.” Du Wei thought that this was enough.

Joanna refused to stop, she kicked the guy into the sea until no one was surrounding them…Those pirates were scared and ran away.

“I said stop!” Du Wei frowned, he pulled Joanna’s shoulder slightly, Joanna angrily yelled,” We are not on the island, do you think that you still can order me!”

This woman grabbed the wrist of Du Wei, Du Wei did not resist, he just looked at Joanna’s eyes and whispered,” Look at me!”

Joanna startled! She could not help to look at Du Wei’s eyes…

Is….illusion?

Joanna just felt that the eyes of this little boy have never….never…..never been so gorgeous!

His eyes seems were becoming black in color…a scary and creepy dark black color! It felt like there are limitless stars inside his eyes, if she kept on looking…..she felt as if everything would be sucked into it…

Joanna just glanced for one time, she felt relaxed suddenly, her hands were loosened too, she even didn’t notice that she could not control her body! She was looking at Du Wei’s eyes quietly…

As if her soul has already been sucked into his eyes!

“I said, stop.” Du Wei spoke very slowly, word by word, extremely clear! Just like engraving inside Joanna’s heart deeply.

“….understand.” Joanna agreed involuntarily, her voice was humble and gentle without any taste of domination.

“Great.” Du Wei kept looking at Joanna’s eyes, his voice was so melodious and people could not help to listen to him for doing anything…

“Now, stand behind me, don’t do anything without my words.” Du Wei whispered.

Joanna’s eyes showed a little bit hesitation, it seems her stubbornness was still struggling a bit, but she still succumbed to this kind of strange feeling …… she felt too comfortable!

Joanna stood back behind Du Wei honestly…escaped from the eyes of Du Wei, Joanna felt her mind was relaxed a little bit! It seems like lack of slackness, everything became clears, but she still doubted…

What’s going on? Why would i listen to what this guy said!

She felt angry of herself and wanted to question Du Wei, but she can’t resist and felt that if she resisted Du Wei’s order, she would feel bad…if she stood behind Du Wei and listened to his order, she would feel happier.

It’s strange.

Joanna felt strange and Du Wei didn’t give her the time to think, he smiled and said,” Joanna, if you keep on fighting…i know you are so strong, perhaps, you will kick all the people into the sea…it doesn’t matter, but the ship is so large, only three of us are not able to drive this ship! We too have to keep some people to help us! We still need these pirates.”

Strange….why we need these pirates…one more day, I can fly back.

Joanna thought that, but she uncontrollably agreed,” Ok.”

Du Wei picked up the captain hat from the floor and put it on his head…with this thing, his horn would not be seen by others.

“Listen, you filthy trash!” Du Wei voiced up and looked around these frightened pirates.

They were really frightened! Joanna was so strong, they were not able to fight back.

“You all are a group of filthy trash! Parasite! A group of ordinary pirates!” Du Wei was staring at these guys. ”You rob, murder, plunder…all of you should be hanged by the gallows! Now, you all are my prisoner! Right! Now, this ship, and you, and every one of you! All are captured by me!”

Du Wei kicked the guy next to him, Joanna kicked him before and his leg was broken. Du Wei stepped on him unceremoniously, the guy screamed, Du Wei spoke to the pirates words by words,

“As prisoners, I have the right to dispose you! I can throw all of you into the sea and let you die now! I can also find a port and send all of you to the local army! Looking at you being hanged till die!” Du Wei smiled,” But I am kind! I can let all of you stay alive! But from now on, you are not the filthy pirates anymore! You are my slaves now, my servants! According to the Imperial Order, I, as a noble, I have the right to do anything to my prisoner! Now, I forgive your sin, and incorporate all of you to be my slaves and servants! Understand?”

All of the pirates,”……”

“I ask again! If no one answer, you can jump into the sea and join your captain!” Du Wei looked around,” Understand?”

“Yes!” Everyone rushed to answer.

Du Wei was satisfied,” Now, clean the deck! Throw the bodies which lie on the deck into the sea!”

Without any hesitation, these pirates started!

These people are villains who clutched human lives, and now, for saving themselves, they immediately started without hesitation!

People were thrown into the sea one by one, Du Wei then made his second order,” Throw two lifeboats into the sea.”

There were nearly twenty pirates busy with swimming, when they saw the lifeboats, they swam toward the boats quickly.

“Listen! I ought to kill you! But I am kind.” Du Wei was standing on the deck and looking at the pirated in the sea,” Now, I can let you stay alive….these two boats are for you, you will not drown….for the rest, it all depends on your fate!”

There was a burst of scream, some were scolding and some were begging.

In the ocean, there was no food to eat, no water to drink, only got these two crappy boats…it was simply not possible to stay alive!

“Sure I can be more charitable…” Du Wei pointed to the other way, he was cunning and said,” There, on that way, there is an island, as long as you strive for boating, perhaps, you will arrive there tomorrow afternoon! Go ahead, this is my last kindness!”

Then, Du Wei ignored the pirates and looked at the “servants” , he said,” Food, and water….sooner the better! Understand my words?”

All the servants rushed to prepare the food immediately.

“Du Wei……you….you will not….” Vivian felt a bit sad and looked at Du Wei.

“Too Cruel? “ Du Wei lightly said, “These guys are bad. No need to be charitable to them! They are pirates! My little Vivian, do you know what a pirate is? They sail and attack the merchant ship, kill the sailor, rob the goods, they even rape the women on the boat! They are the locusts on the sea, murderers with bloody hands! Do you think that I need to be charitable to them?”

“But….” Vivian hesitated.

Du Wei sighed when she looked at this simple girl, he whispered,” Do you know…if this time they met normal people instead of us…you two ladies would be raped by them already!!”

This time, Joanna also glanced at her sister and said,” He is right.”

The food on board is not really nice, but since they had not eaten well since the last few days, this food is already nice for them!

Smoked meat, dried fish, and some simple dried vegetable, and a barrel of ale.

The two girls had already forgotten the manner and ate with Du Wei

Would they worry that the pirates poisoned the food?

Du Wei had been learning the pharmacy for many years.

After they were full and satisfied, Du Wei called out all the salors to the deck and talked.

“Now, I announce, you can join into my private fleet. You all are one of my warships of my Du Wei Roland Fleet! Understand? I am a noble, according to the order, I can have my own army.” Du Wei thought for a few second,” Oh, right, I also have to appoint a new captain…”

Du Wei looked around and point to a man who was probably the most delicate among the group.

“You! Out! Tell me your name.”

The man was shocked and walked further and looked at Du Wei nervously,” I, I am…”

“Wait.” Du Wei then said,” Never mind, since it is a new start, your name should be changed to a new one!”

This kid could not stop to show his pleasure.

“You, from now on, on this ship, you name will be called….Jack Sparrow! Understand? Captain Jack Sparrow! Well, this boat….from now on, is called “Black Pearl”!”

Looking at the crowd, Du Wei could not stop laughing in his mind.

Black Pearl, Jack Sparrow, famous pirates of the Caribbean, hahaha, that’s the first start of my private fleet.



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases



* * *





Chapter 41




Chapter 41: Captain Jack Sparrow

Whilst Du Wei seized the Captain Rooms, the two female magicians did a thing that made the pirates felt envy…

They took a shower!

How much fresh water could they possibly have in a boat while sailing? Only enough for people to drink! It’s impossible to have any extra water for doing other things. Everyone including the Captain was dirty, no one was excluded. It was very normal that people couldn’t take a shower for at least half a month.

Now, these two ladies used an entire four barrels of fresh water!

Du Wei didn’t stop them. His reasoning was very simple. “The amount of freshwater equipped is based on the number of people there were originally…now more than twenty people were kicked off the ship. So even if some water was wasted, there was still no need to worry about the shortage in the coming days.”

He also understood why the ladies wanted to have a shower so badly.

Even Du Wei felt itchy as he hadn’t showered for many days, and he had also been swimming in the sea for many days….Sea water was salty, and after swimming in the sea water, the skin would turn dry and uncomfortable.

When the two female magicians were showering, Du Wei also had some things to do.

Captain Jack Sparrow was standing in front of Du Wei….He was such a pathetic guy, not only had his name been changed by Du Wei, but his outfit was also changed to a strange set of clothing!

His head was wrapped with a red scarf, his beard was tied up by Du Wei, and he also had deep eye shadow now (painted with the carbon on the boat). His clothes and boots were changed too, but since there was no gun in this world, Du Wei could only do that much.

Then, Du Wei ordered the guy to do different poses…

He had to say, in his previous life, in the famous movie “Pirates of the Caribbean”, one of the characteristics of Captain Jack was his…Lunacy! A little bit of lunacy in a Captain, was charming indeed!

After making him do some silly poses, Du Wei was satisfied.

During Du Wei’s Cosplay Reality Show, the two female magicians were enjoying the fun of their bath in the other room.

The pirates on the boat were in an awkward position.

Because as per the request of this little noble….they were now heading to the port!

The Captain, First Officer, Second Officer, and the Boatswain of the ship were kicked out by that horrible lady.

Now, among the rest of the pirates on the ship, the former highest status….was the caterer, which meant the cook.

The caterer was also the father of Captain Jack Sparrow, who was chosen by Du Wei.

The poor pirates were worrying about their future…Although that little noble said he would let them stay alive, how could they know if they would or wouldn’t be hanged once they arrived in port?

“Perhaps, we should fight against them?” One man with golden teeth said, “they only got three people! If we locked the door and stoked the fire…”

People were looking at each other…and then looked at the guy who made this proposal.

“That woman was like a monster! She could break one’s bone by kicking him, she could kick the strongest man out for, like, more than ten miles! Stupid Idiot! Did you think that she can be killed by the fire?”

“Block them?! Couldn’t she break the wall and escape?”

All the rooms in this ship….was actually made of simple thing wood!

The door opened while the pirates were still discussing.

With a brand new appearance, Captain Jack Sparrow came out…he was shy. When all the pirates looked at their new captain, they whistled and said,” Wow! Look! Our Captain!”

“Hahaha….Captain Jack…you look pretty!”

“Right! Looks like a cow in estrus! Haha, even prettier than the bitches in Port York, hahaha….”

Our Captain Jack was a bit shy, and he coughed a bit…Now, he was the captain! He straightened his spine and walked to the desk, and said angrily, “Shut up, guys! If anyone continues to voice up, I will put my hat into his mouth! I swear, I will do that!”

“Wow, look, our captain is getting angry!”

“hahaha…”

Captain Jack still couldn’t get any respect from the pirates…but he was chosen by little Du Wei!

“Ok! Keep quiet!” a hoarse voice shouted.

He was the caterer on this ship, and after the death of the captain, first officer and second officer, etc (They were just thrown into the sea, but without any food and water, and only with two crappy boats, could they still stay alive?), he held the highest status among the pirates.

The caterer seemed quite willing to protect his son,” All of you shut up! Can you get any benefit if you tease my son? Ok, come here son, I know you feel helpless. Now, the fates of everyone rely on you! You are the Captain now!”

Captain Jack looked at his father and nodded…He was still young, and he still didn’t have the issues of the old pirates.

Although he was a pirate, he was still a passionate adventurer of the sea.

The Caterer picked up a thick roll of cloth from his waist, “This is…He just drew it.”

“He? Who? That little noble? That little kid?” One of the pirates laughed.

Jack got a bit angry. He looked at that pirate and whispered, “Old Bill, Listen! If you want to die, please keep on calling him like this! But if he throws you into the water, I will not help you!”

“We are all pirates…my father and I included! But, do you want to be a pirate for your whole lives?” He chinned up and looked at the pirates,

“We all know, someday, we will die in this god damned sea! Someday, it will surely happen! Die by a storm, or attacked by the Imperial Navy. Being caught by the Navy and hanged up at the Port! Our dead body will probably be eaten by those crows and seabirds, also be dried under the sun! Like dried meat being hung for a few months! That’s our pirates’ destinations! My brothers!”

“I love the sea, and I love the feel of adventure on the sea…But I don’t think that being a pirate for my whole life is the best choice…not if we have other options! Listen, brothers! Now, our little Mr. Noble, he is a very influential noble! I can see it! Listen, this is our chance! We can get rid of the pirate identities and become one of the members under his fleet proudly! We can keep on sailing on the sea…with a new identity! The noble private fleet! No Imperial Navy will chase us! No one will hang us at the port! We just get a makeover, with cleaner and prettier clothes. Then, we can even have a beer and become friends with that goddamn Imperial Navy. We can even ask for their protection…look, how amazing will that be?”

Someone questioned, ”But, if we are not pirates anymore, what can we eat and drink? Where will the money come from?”

Captain Jack didn’t answer directly – actually, he also didn’t know the answer. But he said,” Can you see those girls? Can you guess what I saw just now?”

“They were bathing? Hahaha, you are so lucky…”That pirate with golden teeth laughed.

BANG!

That pirate was still talking; Captain Jack had already rushed to him and punched him!

That poor guy screamed and clutched his nose, ready to pull out his knife and fight with Jack!

“Such a stupid guy! As I said, if you dare to say those words again, I will kill you! You are such a bastard! If those ladies heard what you just said, all of us would suffer!” Jack was seething.

Pirates were looking at this guy…but no one felt sorry for him and no one wanted to help him.

It was because all of them agreed with Jack. If this stupid guy made that horrible girl angry, all of them would suffer!

Perhaps…throwing him into the water tonight was a good choice…

Captain Jack then hit his face again and the guy was dizzied. Then he turned back, ”Right, let’s go on! Can you guess what I saw?”

No one answered.

“Magic!” Captain Jack whispered, “It’s MAGIC! Those girls are magicians! Holy shit! We are facing magicians….TWO MAGICIANS!”

Everybody was surprised!

Since a long time ago, people were scared of the magicians, and no one would have dared to aggravate them!

“I saw that those girls used magic to create fire, then dried their clothes in their room…perhaps they thought we are dirty, so they cleaned their clothes by themselves.” Captain Jack whispered, “Our little noble let me see that on purpose. And I am very clear that this is a threat, as you all should understand. Magicians are not normal people! They can kill us easily! Especially that horrible woman, as she is not only a magician but also a warrior!”

“Go back to the question…captain, if we follow this noble, what are the benefits? What can we eat and drink? Will he raise us? I don’t understand, apart from being pirates, what can we do?”

Though this question was harsh, obviously, they started to respect Jack and started calling him Captain.

“I don’t know.” Captain Jack answered. “But I am sure that first, don’t forget we saved his life! We picked him out of the sea. He owes us, if we listen to him, he won’t make it harsh, and I am sure he will give us some benefits. Second….two magicians! My brothers! Have you ever heard that magicians suffered shortage of money?”

‘Don’t worry!’

Especially the second point.

Will a magician suffer in a shortage of money?

Since a long time ago, in the view of the normal people, magicians were rich! They are the people who get the best treatment everywhere, as many rich people or nobles were very willing to give them money to please them or ensnare them.

A Magician who didn’t have enough money? What a joke!

Saying this, Jack released the worry or the objection from all the pirates. He then spread out the cloth, “This is what the noble just drew….it’s our new flag!”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases



* * *





Chapter 42




Chapter 42 “Du Wei’s Plan to Wealth”

Very soon, the Black Pearl would arrive at the nearest port while wearing its new flag.

After one and a half days, the ship met the Imperial Navy Warship that had chased after the pirates two days ago.

After a tense confrontation, the officer on the Imperial Navy Warship was surprised that on the pole of the pirate ship was not hanging a pirate flag, but instead…. There was a strange flag!

The junior officer reported, that the standard-bearer of the pirate ship called Semaphore, requested for surrender…They were not pirates.

What followed was simple.

The Captain of the Navy Warship ordered the alert, and accepted the ‘surrender’ of this pirate ship. Later they learned that the little master of the Rowling Family, who had disappeared for few days, was on this ship…

This little master has even captured such a pirate ship!

The Captain of this Imperial Navy was shocked! According to Imperial law any prisoner, pirates captured by a noble could be pardoned by said noble… Of course, treason or other major crimes were excluded!

But, this little master disposed of a few pirates…So this kind of small thing, the Captain of the Navy Warships preferred to overlook.

He was the little master of the Rowling Family! The eldest son of Earl Raymond!

Earl Raymond had served as the General of the Imperial Navy Expeditionary Fleet before; he knew many people in the Imperial Navy and held a very high prestige!

The Captain of this Navy surely wouldn’t give any difficulty to the son of Earl Raymond.

The two ships sailed together side by side. The Navy brought Du Wei back by the raft, for safety and sent two troops to the pirate ship to have them monitored.

“Master Du Wei!” The Captain of this Navy warship was a very typical navy officer without any armor. He was of a short body build, wearing a simple uniform. His skin color was very yellow thanks to the sea breeze and waves. He also had big hands. “Our fleet had been split up to search for you! There was an order within the navy, we had to find your boat first, only then can we rest for a month at Port York! Thank God, for letting me have such a big reward! Hahahaha…”

Du Wei was shocked… The whole fleet was searching for me?

Although his father was the General of the Navy before, now he held second highest status in the Imperial Army…He didn’t like Du Wei…. But…. Why did he send so many people to find him?

Full of doubt, Du Wei and the Captain had a conversation in the Captain’s Quarters. Du Wei understood the situation quickly.

It seems he became the key person in the negotiation between the Imperial Military and the Magic Union.

If they found Du Wei, the problem could be solved.

If not… The conflict between the military and the Magic Union would worsen. That’s not something people wanted to see!

“These two are…” the Captain looked at Joanna and Vivian.

“They are my friends.” Du Wei briefly answered.

He, of course, wouldn’t say directly that they were the two magicians who disturbed the barrack! See that lady with the armor! She almost killed me! She attacked the local barrack!

If he said that… Everything might be ruined!

Now, the magic power of Joanna was completely recovered! If she messed up everything, she could kill all the people in these two ships easily!

This Captain was not dumb, so he didn’t ask further. He skipped the topic, “So, please take a rest! I will prepare food and water… If you need any assistance, I will try my best to help you… Please feel free to ask! My brother also served in the Imperial Navy Expeditionary Fleet as an officer under your father before! I respect Earl Raymond very much, he is the pride of our Imperial Navy!”

Before leaving, the Captain could not help but ask, “Please forgive me… Master Du Wei, but how will you handle these pirates? They were criminals, you…”

“They are my prisoners, I have the right over their lives right?” Du Wei laughed, ” Such a coincidence, I will include them in my fleet. I need a group of experienced sailors and officers. Also, I quite like their ship.”

Truthfully, the Captain would have liked to remind Du Wei that he still hadn’t gotten his own title, so, he actually could not have his own private fleet.

But, in fact, anyone from the noble or big families within the Imperial Kingdom could earn the title. Even if they built a private fleet earlier or later, no one would care.

“This ship, I have named it the ‘Black Pearl’, it will be the flagship of my fleet.” Du Wei laughed.

“So, your fleet is called…. No, I am not curious, but they are pirates. Although they are under you now, after coming ashore I have to document it. I must know these things to report them. To remove their names from our wanted list I need to know the name of your fleet..”

Du Wei laughed and he brought the Captain to the deck and pointed at the “Black Pearl”.

“Can you see the flag?” Du Wei laughed happily.

“… Yes.” the Captain asked, “ I have never seen this kind of strange flag before…What does it mean?”

If someone who knew Du Wei in his previous life saw that flag, he might have felt faint!

Because, on the flag, there was a very big ‘M’!

“McDonald’s!” Du Wei answered, “My fleet is named ‘McDonald’s Fleet’! You can record this name on your report.”

The Captain left confused as Du Wei thought evilly…

Someday, when there would be several warships with the ‘McDonald’s’ flags, how hilarious would it be?

The ships kept on sailing for a couple of days, and finally arrived at Port York. The port was located at the southern part of the Imperial Kingdom and the Eastern coast of the Lille Province.

It was a typical coastal port city, with a natural concave coastline. It was the best haven. There were many kinds of ships moored at the pier, different merchant ships from different places. There were even privately armed merchant ships… And numerous sailors who wanted to have fun here; head officers, tax officers, workers, and porters…

Of course, there were plenty of bars and fancy hookers, they would earn every last coins from the sailors!

After the ships stopped, everyone including Du Wei finally arrived on land!

Being on the sea for so many days, when Du Wei first stepped on the land, he felt a bit petrified.

He felt lucky to be still alive, and also…

Du Wei laughed and touched his head.

He wore a beautiful hat having now changed into a Navy Officer uniform without a badge. He now looked like a young and handsome Navy Officer… Just too young and too thin.

Port York was a public port and not a navy port. There was no stationed Navy. The nearest barracks stationed a thousand infantry.

In this prosperous port city, much tax was provided to the Imperial Kingdom, and maritime trade was very profitable.

Once Du Wei stepped on this port, he could feel the prosperity immediately.

This was different from the Majesty of the Imperial Kingdom and the luxurious atmosphere of the upper class. It was also different from the peaceful cities in the Rowling Plain.

First impressions of this place was…’Crowded!’

The roads were full of all kinds of people! Drunk sailors, fat businessmen, and tax officers on horses.

There were also different kinds of stores on the roadsides.

It was said that the developed maritime trade brought most of the goods across the globe to Port York! You could find and buy any rare goods here!

Du Wei also saw the Magicians Party in this port city!

Under the protection of the Navy, Du Wei didn’t have much time to walk around. He directly went to a hotel that was fully booked by the Navy.

So, what next?

Du Wei was waiting patiently.

Two days later, Knight Robert and Rolynn rushed over here after they received the magic message from the Magic Union.

Knight Robert looked thinner than before. He looked tired and remorseful. Meanwhile, Rolynn looked pale, she had just recovered from her injury. It was hard for them to rush over here in their state.

They had brought an impressive group of private troops under the Rowling Family, numbering a thousand men!

They also brought bad news.

Because of Du Wei, Rowling Family was forcefully involved in the conflicts between the Magic Union and Imperial Kingdom! In such a situation, even the Rowling Family didn’t want to be against the Magic Union, but for honor and reputation, Rowling Family had no choice.

This made Earl Raymond stand at the edge of awkwardness.

From his point of view, this was all caused by his son!

Knight Robert not only brought the troops to protect Du Wei, but a rebuke from the Earl, a command:

Du Wei must return to the castle on the Rowling Plains immediately, and is to be grounded for one year as his punishment.

Also, his allowance is reduced for a year…That means he could not receive those monthly 300 gold coins!

Du Wei was also ordered not to intervene in any business of the Rowling Family!

During the period of being grounded, Du Wei could not leave the castle, not even a step! He must listen to the old housekeeper of the castle.

If Du Wei gave any trouble to the family… Then he would probably receive a harsher punishment!

But Du Wei didn’t care!

He had expected that would happen.

Grounded for one year? In the coming year, Du Wei had planned to stay in the castle…

He needed to ‘digest’ the gift from Chris! Huh…

Much time was needed for learning!

Pocket money… 300 golden coins every month? Du Wei didn’t care too much!

“I am grounded, cannot intervene the business of the family… That’s it? Nothing else? So I can do other things, or send someone to do other things, is it excluded?”

Robert replied, “That should be excluded.”

“Great.”

Satisfied, Du Wei laughed. “Oh, Rolynn, how’s your injury? Great, I have something I want you to do.”

Then, Du Wei let everybody leave and invited Joanna to come.

“Joanna, look! This is your partner.” Du Wei laughed, ”You sure you won’t regret?”

Joanna was a little frustrated, “Ok, kid, I owe you! But you have to remember, one time only! I will only help you finish this one thing!”

Du Wei invited Joanna because… He wanted her to lead the ‘Black Pearl’ and set sail!

The task was to defeat all the pirates!

Du Wei’s thinking was very simple, “ I cannot do business, I don’t have money and I also don’t have any maritime trade experience… I even don’t have the pocket money. Where can I get the money for magic experience… Also my McDonald fleet?”

Du Wei pondered and pondered. Then he finally came to a conclusion!

To plunder!

Steal from the Imperial Navy? No, Du Wei wouldn’t dare.

Rob the merchant ships on the ocean? Du Wei didn’t want trouble.

So… The only option left was to rob from pirates!

Attacking pirates was not illegal! Even the Imperial Navy encouraged that! There were rewards too! The Imperial Navy offered heavy rewards for killing infamous pirates.

Joanna was powerful, and if the Black Pearl’s crew, which was familiar with the Pirate Groups, sailed on the sea…

Others could not find those pirates! But Captain Jack Sparrow could! They were pirates before!

Then, the next step would be very simple!

Rob!

Take their money! Those pirates should have savings! They should have piles of stolen loot! This would be a good addition to the pockets of Master Du Wei.

Capture the Pirates! Du Wei could still ‘capture’ those pirates, if they revolted, then he will sell them to the Imperial Navy for the reward. If they behaved well, he will keep them and let them join the Du Wei’s private fleet…

Take their ships! Du Wei could not tolerate to have only the ‘Black Pearl’ under his ‘McDonald’s Fleet’. He doesn’t have the money to buy ships, so he can only steal the pirate ships!

The strength of Joanna was a great warranty!

This kind of zero-cost trading… No one else could think of that… But, who could find a great magician to help in doing this kind of stupid endeavor?

Those magicians were so arrogant! Even the officer in the palace could not buy their service!

“Get wealthy legally!” That’s the main idea of Du Wei!

Of course, the usual Joanna would not agree, only that Joanna owed Du Wei a favour and would help him for three months! After the three months, she would go away.

So… When Du Wei was persuading her, he did use a little trick, which involved… Looking into her eyes.

Then, Rolynn was the best candidate for this business! This female knight had the experience of adventure, robbery, kidnapping, rewarding, etc… She was familiar with those.

Also with the name of the Rowling Family, the Navy wouldn’t put any difficulty on her.

After settling everything, the female magician and female knight went away. At that time, there was someone who had waited for a long time. When he entered the room, he hugged Du Wei immediately.

“My lord, I am your loyal servant Marde…” Du Wei looked at him and laughed, “Oh, my dearest Marde, long time no see.”

Marde was originally so very poor, he understood that everything he had came from this little master… If master died, he would return to being a stableman!

“Ok, Marde, you made my trousers dirty… Now, pack up the luggage, we’re going back home!”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release



* * *





Chapter 43




Chapter 43 “Goodbye Kiss”

Du Wei was a little bit sad thinking about parting with little Vivian.

That innocent lady had run to the Magic Union at Port York to complete her magician application.

Her magician gown was missing and even the Magician’s Badge was lost in the sea.

Vivian ran to the Magic Union to complete the application procedure. After displaying her identity, the staff of the Magic Union immediately checked the Magician name list… And the staff, who were low-level magicians responsible for documents, were shocked.

Their attitudes suddenly changed and became very polite. It was because it’s rare to meet a great magician!

In the Magic Union, famous and great magicians were all arrogant. Even the slightest careless offense to those magicians, would probably would lead to big trouble!

This Magic Union Office at Port York was actually responsible for purchasing materials that the Union needed and other miscellaneous items, and the people here had almost never admitted any great magicians before.

Soon, Vivian was changed into a brand new magician gown and received a new golden badge.

“I… I need to go.”

The little lady sighed, this was the first sentence said to Du Wei after returning.

Du Wei was silent for a while. He understood that no matter how two people depended on each other on a deserted island, once they went back to the real world, they would have their own ways to go.

“I… I really need to go.” Vivian’s cheek was a little flushed and her eyes were red too. Rubbing her clothes with her small hands she said, “By my calculations… Teacher will be back soon.”

Du Wei braced himself, looked at this lady and asked, “How can I find you later?”

Vivian was silent for a while. She answered carefully, “Teacher doesn’t allow me to expose our location…”

“…Not even to me?” Du Wei asked quietly.

Vivian was barely holding back her tears. She suddenly held her mouth and cried. She hugged Du Wei tightly. She was shaking and crying heavy tears as she said, “I.. I will miss you so much… I don’t want to go back… My dragon is lost and teacher will scold me…”

Du Wei simply listened what she said and laughed, “Ok, you can tell me in secret. When I have the time, I will sneak over to see you… Perhaps next time, if your teacher is not there, you can also sneak over to see me! Isn’t that great? We’ve known each other for so many days and I treat you as one of my best friends. You are no longer a little girl, how can your teacher lock you in that secret place for life? You need to have some friends.”

Vivian thought for a while, obviously doubtful… But she had already broken many regulations this time already, what was one more?…

We regret to announce that our little Vivian, to a certain extent, had been led astray by Du Wei.

In the past, little Vivian would not have had these kinds of thoughts.

“I…I live in…” Vivian whispered and told Du Wei where she lived, Du Wei remembered it and smiled, “OK! When I have time, I will go to see you!”

Vivian was a bit reluctant and said, “That place is hard to find and also hard to enter. My sister spent a full day trying to find her way the last time.”

Perhaps there were some magic arrays… Du Wei thought briefly and smiled, “Ok, I should be able to find the way.”

Vivian looked at Du Wei for a while, then picked up a parchment from her pocket and gave it to Du Wei. “This… This is what I promised to give you.”

Du Wei scanned the item. He could only read a few of the lines written in black ink… The wordings were old-fashioned, but the meaning was hard to understand…

Oh, these are spells!

“There are a total of six incantations.” Vivian was shy and said, “Yes, that’s what I promised you.”

Du Wei stared at the parchment and said, “You… Should know that from the very beginning, I lied to you, right?”

“Yes.” Vivian bowed her head and didn’t dare to look at Du Wei. In a slightly quiet voice she said, “This… These are the most powerful spells that I know… If you don’t have the magic power, please do not use them.”

Du Wei received this parchment and placed it carefully in his pocket. Then he looked at this lady, looked at her shyness, looked at her dodgy eyes. She was a little bit shy. In this moment, Du Wei was inwardly a little bit excited.

After receiving the gift, even Du Wei thought himself to be slightly evil. He had already lied and gained so many things, yet he still wanted to cheat her heart? She was such an innocent girl.

Du Wei shook his head, then he asked his people to prepare a horse and let Vivian go.

“I… I will leave now.” Vivian was sad.

Du Wei suddenly said, “There is something you need to bear in mind!”

Deeply inhaling, Du Wei said, “I know that your dragon was left on the island and you are very sad about it. I think that you will want to go back and bring it back, right? But I request that you don’t go! That island is not just any old island! Your sister’s magic power is not weaker than you, she brought along her dragon, but still almost died on that island! That dragon was also eaten by the monster… So if you go back, you will die! Listen to me, don’t have any thoughts about going back to that island! Understand?”

Vivian bowed her head, “I, I get it. But, my teacher may go there too.”

Du Wei sighed.

But he had heard what the devil servant Chris said, that the giant monster could move. It didn’t always stay in one place, and after a period of time it would move to other places. This meant that the location of that island was not fixed.

Perhaps, when Vivian’s teacher went to that island, they would not find that island, instead finding nothing but ocean.

By the way, Vivian still didn’t mention who her teacher was. But Du Wei thought that her teacher must be a very strong master! Otherwise, Vivian could not be such a great magician at her age.

“Those… What are those people doing?” While Du Wei was lost in his thoughts, Vivian pointed at the distant people and asked curiously.

Far away, there were many sailors that were preparing to leave. They were saying goodbye to the women. Some of the women were their wives, their lovers, even the hookers whom they had only shared one night with.

But, the people who lived on the seas were always facing all kinds of dangers. When men went back to the sea, the women… Even the hookers, were generous in giving their blessings.

And far away, there were a few couples kissing goodbyes.

“They… Are saying goodbye.” Du Wei answered.

A strange look came over Vivian, and she became shy. She abruptly kissed Du Wei on his left cheek… Just a peck.

Then, a trembling Vivian quickly got up on her horse and rode away.

Du Wei was then touching his cheek and looking towards the end of the streets…

Protected by the private troops of the Roland family, Du Wei and the soldiers left Port York and headed towards the North, going back to the Roland Plains.

While passing by the Lille Province, the Governor of the Lille Province met Du Wei in person to give him some words of encouragement and also many presents. Du Wei earned something.

Since he was under punishment, his allowance had been cut, so he should be the poorest noble within the Imperial Kingdom.

Joanna left earlier. She brought Caroline and joined the ship of Captain Jack Sparrow. They restocked on supplies and began Du Wei’s Wealth Plan.

Imagining his future McDonald’s Fleet, as well as the future coming events, Du Wei could not stop laughing while lying inside his carriage.

Imagine… In the coming days, how that poor pirate captain would introduce himself to others.

“I am the Captain of the Black Pearl under the McDonald’s Fleet. Call me Captain Jack Sparrow!”

In his previous life, this kind of introduction would have no doubt caused people to explode with crazy laughter.

While he kept thinking, suddenly he sat down.

He was excited and interested!

This world… He was totally not familiar with it! Like a blank paper, he could draw anything on it!

He thought, having already built his ‘McDonald’s Fleet’, that there could be even more amusing things he could do!

At this time, our young main character seemed to have found a few new goals, though his intents were evil.

15 days later, Du Wei was back in the castle of the Roland Family located near the Emerald River of the Rowling Plains.

The scale of the welcome ceremony was smaller than usual, and the troop that protected Du Wei didn’t enter the castle, instead just leaving after completing their task.

Du Wei met his old housekeeper Bill, who was the one Du Wei disliked. This time, when this old man saw Du Wei, he seemed happier.

It was normal since, if Du Wei had run into trouble, this old housekeeper would have been partly responsible!

“Master, you finally came back.” The old housekeeper was so happy. But Du Wei sensed, that beneath his happiness he was gloating a little. “I have received the letter from the Earl…”

“I know! Being grounded for a year and my monthly allowance is cut too, right? Ok, my Mr. Housekeeper, may I ask where you are going to lock me up?”

The old housekeeper was shocked and said, “This… Master, you scare me! Who dares to lock you up? Within this castle, you can still do anything you want. You only cannot step out of this castle in the coming one year. That’s the order from the Earl.”

“Ok!” Du Wei laughed and he glanced at the old housekeeper, “According to my habit, I just came back. So tonight, I will sleep in the study room. My dear housekeeper, please send someone to go prepare!”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release



* * *





Chapter 44




Chapter 44 “A Figure Comes Out of the Oil Painting”

Not wanting to be dressed by his servants, Du Wei stopped them from serving him. He even locked the door when he bathed.

He stood in front of the mirror and poked his hair gently; there was a horn on his head.

“This Chris… Can’t he make it look better?” Du Wei sighed. He had to remember to not let others touch his head in the future.

Luckily, the horn was small and short. It could be covered by his hair… Du Wei’s hair was very long, also… In the future, if suitable, he would wear a hat.

While looking at his reflection in his mirror, he had a weird thought…

Chris had given him new eyes…

Right… These were the Eyes of Enchantment. Du Wei thought that this was not a meaningless magic to let the ladies love him… It’s a very effective… Instant hypnosis.

Du Wei recalled how he bargained with his evil servant at the beginning…

What did he desire the most from this guy who could be regarded as the Devil’s Representative as a trading condition?

At that moment, Du Wei really wanted to say:

I want to go back!

Go home! Return to the world I came from!!

In that world, I had my parents, my own friends, the girl I liked, and everything I had!

In this world, although it was mysterious and entertaining, a place that was full of magic… This was not his home.

If possible, Du Wei would have told him without any hesitation that he would like to go home.

So, he carefully asked Chris, “May I ask if you know any magic related to space?”

Continuing, he tried his best to ask in a simple way, “I am wondering if Space Magic can send me to another world… I’ve been curious about that for long time.”

Chris felt shocked.

Oops, no no, of course he knew Space Magic actually.

As the Devil’s servant that had unlimited life, he was the most knowledgeable existence in the world.

Was there anything at all he did not know?

But Chris was still curious. Pursuing Space Magic was the dream of many super magicians… But Du Wei was still such a young kid, he hadn’t even started enjoying his life… But for him to request this, it really confused Chris.

“I know some Space Magic… But, I can’t use it.”

This was the answer from Chris. Then this Devil’s servant explained a bit and Du Wei understood immediately.

“I was locked in this place,” Chris smiled, “If I could use Space Magic, I would have escaped a long time ago.”

It was reasonable.

Du Wei bowed his head then, his dream of going back now gone.

Luckily, he was familiar with this world after many years. With his adaptive ability, Du Wei was less disappointed than expected. He was silent for a while and raised another request, “I want to learn magic.”

Our little noble pointed at his head, “I think, I am talented in the spiritual area. But… My sensitivity is not good. I cannot sense the fluctuation of any magic element nearby.”

Then…

Then, a horn grew out on the head of Du Wei!

Seems… Du Wei touched his head and looked into the mirror…

It was like adding an antenna onto a radio with poor reception!

This horn was the antenna of Du Wei! It allowed him to feel the fluctuation of magic nearby! His sensitivity… It was far greater, even more than other magicians due to this horn.

This was the gift from Chris.

Perhaps, this request from Du Wei was too simple. It was too easy that even this Devil’s servant felt sorry about that. So, Chris said, “Your request is simple, from this trade, I won’t gain benefit from you, my little friend. So, I can give you something a little extra… You can pick any one from the list I told you just now.”

Oh, the “Eyes of Enchantment”, the strong “Dragon’s Heart” and also, hearing the thoughts of others, the ability to see through others’ camouflage…

He made a very normal choice, as a man, a very typical man!

Du Wei chose the “Eyes of Enchantment”.

Imagine, by using these eyes, he could attract all the beauties in the world. It’s actually quite evil, right?

For the Dragon’s Heart… Du Wei didn’t plan to become a muscular fighter.

Being able to hear the thoughts of others or to see through others’ camouflage… Du Wei felt these were boring. Only politicians need those. He didn’t have the slightest interest.

So… Du Wei chose the “Eyes of Enchantment”.

A high level hypnotism.

No one could escape from these eyes; not even strong female magicians, or even holy virgins.

But… There was only one weakness and that is…

It is only effective on females!

Du Wei stretched his arms and spread his palms; closed his eyes and breathed in deeply.

He tried to feel around with his heart.

The confusion of the past had disappeared!

The feeling of emptiness in the past had also vanished!

Du Wei could feel his surroundings with clarity! He spread his spirit around. It seemed like his spirit could touch everywhere in the room! The water dripping from the tap, the eroded tiles, and even the bubbles from the bath…

Such awareness! This feeling was so amazing!

Du Wei couldn’t help letting out a small moan.

He still didn’t know magic, but using his spiritual power, he lightly waved his hand… The vapors on his palm formed a little water ball.

The water ball was crystal clear and rolled on Du Wei’s palm.

“This… It’s magic… Great!” Du Wei could not help, but to slightly squeeze…

The ball lost its shape and the water dropped.

He started to sense the magic element. In the bathroom, Du Wei could easily sense and control the water element.

Now, he only needed to learn a spell!

With his vigorous well of magic power and his keen sensitivity, if he learnt some spells…

Then, he could become a magician.

Du Wei stayed in the bathroom for at least two hours. When he went to the study room, he found the old housekeeper Bill had been waiting for him for a long time.

“Master, your dinner…”

“I will eat in the study room.” Du Wei waved his hand, and looking at the silent old housekeeper, he suddenly laughed and said, “Ok, my dear housekeeper, I know father ordered you to monitor me, but don’t worry. During this one year, I will follow my father’s orders, I won’t leave this castle and won’t intervene with any businesses within the territory… For my monthly expenditure, don’t worry, I won’t ask you for that.”

After a while, Du Wei looked at the eyes of the old housekeeper, “I don’t hate my father… I understand that, from his standing, he cannot only be a father, but must also be a General! Sometimes, perhaps father doesn’t want to punish his son like this, but being a General, he has to do it, I totally understand.”

The old housekeeper was shocked… He was going to say something to comfort Du Wei.

Now, he understood that this little master was not any idiot. He was a special person with a different way of thinking.

When the old housekeeper prepared to leave, Du Wei asked, “Before I left I requested that a wooden house be built…”

“It’s completed.” Old housekeeper answers, “It’s exactly based on your request, you will see it tomorrow.”

“Thanks, I am very satisfied.” After Du Wei said that, he looked to the other side, which meant he wanted the housekeeper to leave.

Du Wei closed the main door of the study room. He climbed up the ladder, randomly chose an astrology book from the shelves. He started reading it quietly.

It was almost midnight.

When the bell rang midnight, Du Wei stretched a bit, then, he checked if the door was locked. Finally, he moved the ladder and removed the oil painting on the wall.

It seems that the servant responsible for cleaning his room was very thorough. No dirt could be found on the oil painting. Du Wei looked at the eyes on the painting.

After midnight, those eyes came to life and looked at Du Wei with hope.

“Haven’t seen you for a long time, you must have been anxious.” Du Wei smiled,“ Last time, I had a look in the basement and saw what the Great Star Reader Teacher Semel left… Now, I have the spell which can release you from the painting.”

As this was the first time for Du Wei to use magic, he was actually quite worried.

He tried imitating the great magicians… Slightly opening his arms with a serious look, he cast the spell in a soft voice…

Du Wei didn’t notice that his gesture and movement was similar to what little Vivian did.

Casting the spell, Du Wei suddenly felt a mysterious power fluctuating nearby…

Then, Du Wei could feel with his strong power, there was a current… It was like an invisible straw drawing on his energy…

Then…

Small lights burst from his fingertips, which was then sucked into the oil painting!

… Was it completed?

Du Wei stepped back a bit and stared quietly at the oil painting.

BOOM!

Flames flew out from the oil painting, and the painting caught on fire instantly… Du Wei was shocked!

He knew that this painting was the antique of the family! If it was burnt, the old housekeeper may make a complaint to his father.

But the flame was so quick that Du Wei didn’t have enough time to extinguish it.

That was it. The whole painting turned into ashes within a couple of seconds! Then the flames floated down, from the desk to the floor… The ashes scattered and something in the fire moved.

Then, Du Wei saw a leg appearing from the flame…

The skin was so white and soft… The toes looked like pearls…

These were perfect legs! Long, firm, straight, round…

Wearing a red gown, as bright as spring roses! Under the red gown, the white skin was so fine!

The long hair was like silvery snow! The light body under the shadow of the red gown… The neck and curvy breasts… A person could not help imagining… Did she wear anything under her clothing?

Looking at her face!

This was the third time Du Wei saw this face!

The first time was in the basement, in the magic array by Semel, when he saw the illusive image of Semel.

The second time was the strong female magician, the frozen beauty, Joanna!

And this was the third time!

This face didn’t have the arrogance of Joanna, but had a calm, hypnotizing look. The round eyes were rolling but softer than Joanna’s.

Du Wei was simply speechless!

Long white hair, a red gown, she was an absolute beauty…

The woman who appeared from the burnt oil painting… There was no question about it…

This was the great Star Reader Teacher Semel!!



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release



* * *





Chapter 45




Chapter 45 “The Unusual Semel”

Du Wei did have his suspicions, he had imagined something was sealed in this oil painting.

Semel used magic to leave behind an “illusion” to explain that this was the magical creature left by Semel.

Perhaps, it was a ghost? A monster? Even the speaking skeleton left by Semel, all of those had not shocked Du Wei.

But this was unforeseen!

The thing that came out from the oil painting, was Semel herself!

Looking at this lady with silver hair and her red gown, Du Wei took a deep breath and murmured, “Never expected… Never expected…”

“What did you never expect?” Semel asked. Her voice sounded just like the voice in the magic illusion, very soft and gentle, mature and husky.

“I never expected you to seal yourself in the painting.” Du Wei forced a smile. He had already experienced many amazing things. He recovered quickly from this little shock. He looked at this lady and asked, “How should I call you? Great Star Reader Semel? Or… My great great grandmother?

Puff!.

Semel laughed. When she smiled, her eyes were curved like the crescent moon.

“None of them.” This lady with silver hair looked at Du Wei. She spoke to Du Wei politely, “I am not Semel, I am a… Clone.”

Du Wei was confused.

“Semel left the guidance to me… I am the magic creature that inherited part of her knowledge… to be exact, I am a spiritual creature, I don’t have a body. I mean physically… I am a shadow only, an illusion.” She looked at Du Wei and smiled, she then held out her hand towards Du Wei slowly and touched his face.

Gradually, her small hand ‘went through’ Du Wei’s head.

“Look, my body is immaterial but with a solid form… I was cloned with part of the memory of Semel. My appearance…”

She blinked a bit and said, “ I choose this. My memory is the memory of Semel, the memory of lady Semel was the only one I have seen… To a certain extent, I was part of Semel. So, I finally chose my shape and decided to meet in the appearance of Semel.“

And suddenly, this ‘Semel’ looked at Du Wei and whispered, “My… Master.”

God was the witness to this moment when this creature said ‘Master’, its eyes flashing with a cunning light.

Du Wei immediately sensed that this creature was not so simple… It didn’t seem inclined to completely obey!

Not the real Semel…

Du Wei relaxed a bit. He had faced so many things already.

If there was one more resurrected granny, it would be troublesome.

“Can you change into another appearance?” Du Wei sighed, “Your current look gives me discomfort… And if others saw how you look.”

“No worry, I was released by your spell. That means only you and I have a spiritual connection… No one else can see me.” She laughed.

“So, what should I call you? You must have a name, right?”

“Semel.” She thought for a while, “I like this name, call me Semel.”

Du Wei felt helpless… Still, my great great grandmother.

“Can you teach me Star Magic?” Du Wei frowned.

This Semel should have been sealed for a very long period of time, now, she was curious about everything.

She was sitting on Du Wei’s desk and her white legs were showing in Du Wei’s eyes, swinging and swinging. My god, didn’t she know that her gown was not long enough?

If she kept on swinging her legs like that, she would be exposed.

It should be a happy thing… If it was a beautiful lady standing in front of you.

But if she looked like your great great grandmother… To say the least, it was rather distressing…It’s strange!

Though Joanna looked alike too, she was a different person. This made Du Wei feel only a bit uncomfortable.

But this Semel, she not only looked alike, her memory was cloned from the real Semel!

“OK, come!” Du Wei went to the corner of the study room, threw a blanket from the couch, “Wear this.”

Du Wei originally planned to oversleep in the study room, and the servant had prepared this blanket.

Semel was slightly shaking. The blanket did not cover her, but went through her, and she maliciously laughed,” Oh, boy, why are you so red? Am I not pretty?”

“No, I just feel a little awkward…”Du Wei said, “You are pretty, but I can’t stop thinking that you are my great great grandmother.”

“Hahahaha…” Semel laughed loudly, then squeezing her eyes, “It’s funny!”

Du Wei started to have a headache.

Semel was not a tool without thought, she was almost a live person, the real Semel with a part of her original memory… But having being sealed for almost two hundred years, she was bored for such a long period of time!

This magic creature, perhaps when she was cloned, her personality was blank, but… After two hundred years, undoubtedly, her personality had been ‘filled in’ by something.

“Did you know? My cute, handsome little master.” Semel jumped from the desk, but her body flew towards Du Wei like a ghost, her eyes smiling, “I have been living in the study room for almost two hundred years! I have seen many things in this room!”

Du Wei was curious and ask, “What are they?”

The ancient ancestors of the Roland Family had made important decisions here! As well as many major decisions related to the prosperity of the family in this room.

Of course… The secret of the family!

But… Du Wei was disappointed.

This Semel, she was not speaking of any secret or major event of the family…

But…

Chattering!

Right, some idle gossiping!

For example… Someone was having sex with a servant in this room. One Patriarch was writing a love letter to his lover… Even Du Wei’s grandfather, the father of the Earl, who was a strict and stubborn man. He had brought two noble girls to this room and had sex after a ball in the castle…

“These… Are all I have seen before!” While Semel was talking about that, she was excited,” I also know that in this room, there are some ‘prohibited’ books, do you want to see the private collection made by one of the ancestors? My little cute and handsome master?”

Du Wei laughed unnaturally. He looked at the malicious Semel, sighed, “I don’t have an interest in those… Listen! Your little cute and handsome master, the only thing that I have interest in is… Star Magic. I want to learn Star Magic from Semel, understand?”

“Star Magic… Always Star Magic…” Semel was disappointed, “Why do people want to learn magic… Is Magic fun?”

The smile on the woman disappeared, she became serious, and said “You want to learn Star Magic, so I have to remind you that you cannot regret in the future! I tell you, if there was no Star Magic… Semel would not have died so early!”

Du Wei was shocked, “What? Didn’t Semel commit suicide out of grief after her husband died?”

“Sorry, this is the only secret I cannot tell.” Semel blinked her eyes, “The order I was given is that: unless you learn the last and most difficult spell of Star Magic, otherwise, before that, I cannot tell you this thing.”

Du Wei was annoyed, “Ok, I don’t have much interest in it, so shall we start?”

“Sorry, not tonight” Semel was shaking her head, “Star Magic is different from other Magic, we cannot learn here… Semel left a white tower in this castle. In that tower, you can observe the stars clearly, that’s a good place for learning… In this room, you cannot see the starry sky, it’s not suitable for learning Star Magic.”

White tower…

Du Wei frowned, “Why must it be the white tower?”

Semel thought, “If there is no white tower… Better find a spacious and quiet place where you can observe the stars… The key requirement is that you should be able to see the sky.”

Du Wei checked the time, “So, we can begin from the next night… See you tomorrow.”

Du Wei had no intention to talk much with this Semel… Since looking at his great great grandmother swinging her legs in front of him was not very pleasant at all.



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases



* * *





Chapter 46




Chapter 46 “Solskjaer’s Fire Element”

The next morning, the sun was rising and Du Wei was enjoying his breakfast when someone came to see him.

It was…. The lying Magician Solskjaer.

After all, the people had thought that Du Wei was kidnapped, Solskjaer was so stressed…He was the only magician staying with Du Wei! But he didn’t have a single mark of a fight on him!

Everyone was wounded except him!

His colleagues caused Solskjaer much stress.

To be honest… He also thought that that day was embarrassing, when he was too scared and passed out because of the Grade-8 Magician before the fight even started.

That’s reasonable, right? A Grade-1 Magician(He even got his qualification by cheating), fighting against a Grade-8 Magician.

It wouldn’t be even a contest… It would have been a suicide!

“Oh, my little master, I am so happy to see you again…” Solskjaer was beaming when the door opened.

Bang!

Du Wei’s reply was to kick him.

Du Wei just kicked him once and this magician fell down. He looked at him and then closed his eyes, whispering, “My dear Solskjaer… But I am not happy to see you.”

Solskjaer stood up and fixed his hat awkwardly, “… My little master…”

“When I remember how you acted on that day, I feel embarrassed.” Du Wei said angrily, “My Mr. Magic Consultant, you passed out directly when the fight just began… You have the heart of a rabbit!”

On that day, Solskjaer was the last person Du Wei had, but this useless guy wasn’t of any help and instead, merely passed out! Du Wei was pissed off!

“Forgiveness little master! The opponent was a Grade-8 magician! Grade-8! Master Du Wei!” Solskjaer argued, “My level is only of grade-1, my real ability is even weaker than a magic apprentice! You should understand that… Don’t you agree that I couldn’t defeat that Grade-8 magician?”

“But you should not have passed out. It’s so shameful!” Du Wei was shaking his head, “As your employer, I feel totally disappointed in you… Right, where were you in these past few days?”

“I… Brought several people and went to the south, I relocated my stuff in the laboratory to here.” Solskjaer’s answer satisfied Du Wei’s mood a little.

“You relocated your laboratory over here?” Du Wei was surprised, “Did you expect me to return soon? Were it not for me, you think this family would still hire you?”

Solskjaer felt awkward, he could only tell the truth… He was informed that master Du Wei of Roland Family was found. So he had rushed back.

“Oh, I see… If I didn’t come back, then you would have permanently left, right?” Du Wei looked at the crafty guy, “With the ‘trophies’ I gave you, right?”

Solskjaer was in silence.

“Ok, bring that stuff to me.” Du Wei mentioned all the things that Vivian gave him.

It was almost by instinct, that Du Wei felt that he wanted to keep ’Vivian’s belongings’ all by himself and didn’t want to give any away.

Solskjaer hastily said, “Master Du Wei… You are not a magician, these things can only show its true value on a magician…”

Didn’t want to give it to Du Wei?

Huh!

The burning candles on either side immediately flared up, and the flames flew into Du Wei’s palms to form a fireball in an instant!

Solskjaer was shocked, “Magic? Oh My God, you can use magic?!”

“You think I am performing acrobatics? I learnt this from the Grade-8 magician!” Du Wei sneered, “Give it to me.”

“Can I have the magic crystal?” Solskjaer was testing Du Wei, “Just a small piece… My experiment needs a high quality magic crystal to save the fire element…”

Du Wei didn’t say anything but just spread his palms.

Solskjaer sighed and gave the bag to Du Wei.

“Ok, don’t sigh, my Mr. Magic Consultant.” Du Wei regained Vivian’s items and was feeling happier, “You will get what you want soon. I can guarantee.”

“A magic crystal with reasonable quality will cost at least several hundreds of gold coins.” Obviously, Solskjaer knew the current situation of Du Wei. Most of the people in the castle knew about the order of grounding and reduced allowance.

“No worry, I will have money soon, very soon.” Du Wei wasn’t worried.

The plan of robbing the pirates was still undergoing, but soon, there would be much profits to be had… Also, he remembered, under the study room, there was a secret room. Semel’s treasures were inside this secret room.

“Right, Solskjaer, come, let’s go see your new laboratory! It is in the forest outside the castle!”

When they left the study room, old housekeeper looked at Du Wei and laughing, Du Wei pointed at the ash on the floor, “My dear Mr. Housekeeper… I am so sorry. Last night I was reading books. Don’t know how but the painting on the wall dropped and there was candle stand near it… Then it burnt up. I think you will let the servant clean it up, right?”

The old housekeeper looked at the place, where the oil painted once hanged, and then back at the ash on the floor.

Oh my god… That was an antique!

The word ‘spendthrift’ was in the old housekeeper’s mind, but he could not speak it out. He just lightly bit his lips and then nodded calmly.

Du Wei brought along Solskjaer to leave the study room and headed to the forest next to the castle.

Within the deep forest, the a wooden tower on the riverside was already built.

There were three levels and it was well constructed. Obviously, the construction materials were of high quality.

“Satisfied? This is the magic laboratory… Our magic laboratory!”

On the first floor, there was a spacious area with basic furniture, for example, the large table to be used as a working bench that was specially requested by Du Wei. There were also some glass containers on the cupboard that were requested by Du Wei too… All of a different variety, some even made of crystal.

The second floor was full of metallic cupboards for storing different kinds of raw material.

The third floor was a private space for Du Wei. There was a rooftop where Du Wei would observe the stars.

Du Wei had even personally made his telescope and placed it here.

“Satisfied?” Du Wei looked at Solskjaer happily.

Solskjaer was overjoyed and said, “Great! This place is very spacious and good for my experiments!”

Du Wei then brought him to the backyard and gestured towards the plants on the ground.

These were the basic ingredients for Magic Alchemy… Of course, there were still many magic materials that Du Wei could not buy, not even in town stores. They could only be bought from the occasional adventuring teams, or from the Magic Union.

But since the Magic Union was not opened to the public, if the person didn’t have the magicians qualification, he could not buy anything from the Magic Union.

“The basic plants I have prepared… For the remaining, we can only buy those from the Magic Union. This is something you need to do, you know the rules of the Magic Union. Money… We will have soon, no worry, very soon.”

Solskjaer was silently contemplating everything.

He was already very satisfied!

From a normal person’s viewpoint, Magic experiments were just like burning money!

Those scarce materials might be completely wasted in a failed experiment.

In the past, Solskjaer didn’t have money to buy experimental materials. Most of the materials he acquired had come from his teacher, which he secretly stole. He also needed to work for the adventure team to earn money or to find cores from magic monsters.

Now, with the promise of this little noble, he didn’t need to worry about money again, and he could experiment as much as he wished!

Du Wei had great hopes of Solskjaer.

This guy could study the method of simulating magic… He was such a genius! If this fake magician were to continue his study, who knew what kind of things he could invent!

“Oh, right, let me see what you have brought from the south!”

Compared with this laboratory, the things that were brought by Solskjaer were relatively shabby.

He brought some containers… Half of them were pottery, obviously this poor magician didn’t have the means to buy beautiful glass containers.

Inside these containers, there were several magic elements refined by Solskjaer, mainly of the fire element.

These were what Solskjaer had called, ‘yellow powder’.

Du Wei was interested in this ‘fire element’ the most.

With the consent of Solskjaer, Du Wei opened one of the containers, and he saw the ‘yellow powder’!

Upon seeing the contents, and discovering a familiar smell… Du Wei was shocked!

He could not help squeezing some with his fingers and sniffed it…

“This is the ‘fire element’ you made? Du Wei seriously asked Solskjaer.

“…Yes.”

Du Wei tried to calm down and said, “You… Refined this thing, what is the success rate for refining this?”

“It depends on the raw material. The main ingredient is powdered Fire-Scale herbs, but have to refine it six times carefully and make sure there is no fire nearby… I nearly died in an accident before.”

“If I were to give you sufficient material?”

Solskjaer was thinking and calculating, “I guess if there is sufficient material, perhaps I can refine three bottles per day.”

Three bottles?

Solskjaer pointed at that container. The size was like the beer bottle in Du Wei’s previous life.

Three bottles per day… Is quite an impressive speed.

Du Wei tried to stop laughing and hugged Solskjaer tightly, “My Mr. Magic Consultant… I am very satisfied with your fire element… I will pay you more! I mean after I get my money! Ha ha ha…”

After a while, Du Wei whispered, “Listen, we have to keep the recipe of the fire element secret! Understand?”

“Sure!” Solskjaer answered quickly.

Solskjaer temporarily used this laboratory. He he was staying here to store his containers, also some tools including several pots and some refined containers and burning tools, etc.

Du Wei left alone.

The two servants, who were following him, were peering at this little master. He was barely concealing his laughter.

Du Wei had moved a far distance, before finally succumbing and burst out laughing.

His laughter revealed his extreme happiness and surprise, as if unlimited gold was falling from the sky and that money was rolling into his own pocket only!

“Hahaha… Fire element! It’s sulfur! Haha, I have sulfur now!!



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases



* * *





Chapter 47




Chapter 47 “Treasures in the Secret Room”

He obtained sulphur accidentally, but how useful was it in this world?

To make a weapon? To change the trend, to change the era of weaponry immediately?

What a joke!

Du Wei was not stupid. He knew that sulphur alone was not enough for making firearms. Firstly, why make a weapon? A coup to seize power? War? Du Wei was not interested in those. Secondly, making firearms was not an easy task. Not to mention guns and cannons…

In his previous world, after the development of sulphur in China, people only knew how to use sulphur to create fireworks for a long period of time.

Were firearms easy to be developed? Rifles and cannons, not to mention an entire gun, even just the barrel of the gun which should be the simplest one…Du Wei didn’t know how to make a single piece.

Apart from that, this was a Magic World! In this world, even if you were armed with a gun, magic was still a better tool.

For example, if a junior magician knew flying magic and simple fireball magic…

He could throw the fireball from the sky. Basically, he could be like a human helicopter with a weapon!

In this case, only some sulphur, and making the weapon with the rough technique …was there any advantage?

How useful was the sulphur?

Du Wei’s thought was very simple: Profit!

Du Wei was getting used to this world. He had created the McDonald Fleet and the Black Pearl by a joke, also the Captain Jack Sparrow…He started to be interested in this world.

He was interested in other things apart from Magic.

He knew that he could not go back…so he still needed to find something interesting.

Even the all-knowing devil servant could not send him back. Du Wei had almost given up. Meanwhile, if Du Wei was released and started to prank, the result would be hard to estimate.

At least, at this moment, Du Wei only kept thinking of how to scare his poor old housekeeper.

Du Wei went back to the castle and he called his favourite servant Marde. In the private coffer of Du Wei, where Marde was responsible for maintaining the safety, there were a thousand gold coins being held by this servant. The countess gave him these coins when he was kicked out from the Empire City.

“How much do we have now?” Du Wei simply asked.

Marde quickly answered, “Eight Hundred and Ninety-two gold coins.” After a while, the loyal servant said, “That is because the cost of the construction of the tower and such have used much money. The pocket money has been overused for several months already, but as since from now your pocket money is cut, we need to pay for the expense with our own money.”

Marde talked with bitterness, mainly because of the old housekeeper Sier. It seems that this former groom was confined by the old housekeeper a lot.

“Also, in the coming one year, we cannot get any money from the old housekeeper.” Du Wei sighed.

“Right!” Marde was a little depressed, “Master, I think you may need to think of some method…the Earl treats you too harsh. You are still a kid, and this time, he shouldn’t blame you. You didn’t want to be kidnapped, did you? But I have an idea…”

“What is it?”

Marde was looking around and whispered, “Two months from now is the birthday of the countess. If you can send a gift to Empire City on time with a pleading letter, and if the countess can help you in ask for a favour…perhaps, your order can be removed earlier.”

Du Wei bowed his head and said,” “That’s a good idea, my dear Marde. It’s such a good idea, not considering pleading, I still have to do something for mother’s birthday…but, only eight hundred something coins, what kind of present can I buy?”

Marde kept silence. Obviously, this question was out of the thinking scope of Marde.

Du Wei didn’t plan to let this groom continue, he just touched Marde’s shoulder and said, “Ok, I have my idea. But thank you for your notification. Now, I need you to help me to do something.”

Du Wei then drafted a list quickly and gave it to Marde.

“Help me to buy all the stuff on this list…Also, I have written some names of craftsmen on the list, I need them too.”

After Marde received the list. He had a quick glance and calculated a little bit. He almost cried and said, “Little master…If we buy all of these, and include the salary for the craftsmen…we won’t have much money left…”

Marde was already a bit conservative. In fact, he would’ve liked to shout, “We won’t have any money left!”

Du Wei laughed confidently and said, “Marde, just do what I ask you to do. Don’t worry, we will have a lot of money soon, not only a lot, we will be extremely rich! Just…I have a huge amount of money outside, and I am unable to get the money within these two months. But mom’s birthday will be after two months, so I have to think of some methods. Ok, go ahead!”

How to do it…. If Du Wei could wait for three months, the Pirate Robbery Plan of McDonald Fleet would be completed and he would have a huge amount of income.

But right now, he didn’t have money on hand!

But what about the secret room under the study room…Du Wei had gone there last night.

Guess what was inside?

Not gold, not jewelry…there was something that put Du Wei in a tight spot! Those things were undoubtedly worth a lot. But…if sold it within a short period of time, that would be hard.

For example, a samurai armor made up of more than three hundred pieces of the finest gem and sewn with a golden thread! This thing was not useful during the war, but as an artwork, its value would be extremely high!

This thing probably could not be sold in this little city in Rowling Plain, perhaps it could be sold in Port York or Empire City.

Of course, if Du Wei needed money, he could disassemble this thing and just sell one piece of the gems. But it would destroy this amazing masterpiece! Du Wei surely wouldn’t do this silly thing.

Another example, a Miter carved from the completely finest natural amethyst! That was four hundred years ago, when the Imperial Kingdom was very strong, where the king at the time invited lots of skillful craftsmen to make it, and also embedded it with twenty-nine of the finest magic gems. There were bush flowers made of dissolved silver, and on the petals of the flower, there was a big prismatic diamond!

Du Wei had seen this Miter in a book before.

People said that this luxury Miter was the coronation gift from the king to the new pope of the Continental Temple of Light!

But it’s a pity that during the war in the northern territory that it was the period of the rise of the Rowling Family. The family won the Rowling Plain in that war…

But this Miter was mysteriously lost by the Temple of Light!

This was regarded as a shame by the Temple of Light during these hundreds of years! The Pope’s coronation Miter was lost! In these hundreds of years, all the popes wanted to find this Miter back and treated this as one of their inherited wishes.

So, would Du Wei dare to sell this thing?

Perhaps, the Knight of the Pantheons would find him immediately after he sold the Miter!

In that secret room, Semel had left a total of nineteen collections! Each collection was very expensive but could not sell!

In fact, when Du Wei saw these treasures, he was daydreaming a bit…how great was Semel?

How could she get these things?!

He had asked the cloned Semel but could not get any answer. It was because she didn’t have this recollection in her cloned memory.

So, even though Du Wei got this treasure, he still needed to worry about the money in this short period of time.

He was not in a shortage of money, he just lacked liquidity.

After analyzing a bit, he decided to give the remaining eight hundred coins to Marde for purchasing. In the coming three months, Du Wei, the eldest son of the Earl, the Little Master in the Rowling Family, would not have any money left.

But, the future magic experiments, the setting of the magic medicine, the refinement of the plant, all were consumer goods and needed continuous buying and refill.

How to get one or two thousand coins for an emergency?

During the whole lunchtime, Du Wei was thinking of a method to make a profit. Lunch was still good. There were several pieces of foie gras, with that toasted bread, and a yummy seafood soup…obviously, the old housekeeper didn’t make any difficulty on this little master except the order from the Earl. He still took care of Du Wei’s meal. Du Wei’s favourite food was not cheap, but the old housekeeper didn’t dare to treat him bad.

After lunch, Du Wei drank some tea. In this world, there was no coffee, but tea. The drinking habit here was quite different, the nobles would normally like to add some honey or sugar…also for some nobles with special taste, they might add some mustard into the tea.

Of course, the taste of the tea in this world was stronger.

After drinking some black tea with honey, Du Wei saw the busy old housekeeper.

Sier was so unsatisfied with this little master! He destroyed a two hundred years old painting! Oh my god! Didn’t he know that the picture was the portrait of the ancestor of the Rowling Family! Didn’t he know that this oil painting had experienced a lot?

He burnt it!

Sier, who was responsible for protecting the property of the Rowling family, was angry with this little master! He had prepared to write this down on the letter to Empire City!

“Little Master, do you need anything else?” The old housekeeper was still in good attitude, but just a little bit cool.

“It is such that, if I don’t leave this castle, I can do anything I want here, right?” Du Wei asked.

“…Yes.” The old housekeeper answered with anxiety…what did this little master want to do now?

“Great, I need a girl servant who can sew. Also…bring my horse to the door.”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release



* * *





Chapter 48




Chapter 48 “Gambling with the Army”

In the afternoon, Du Wei went to the barrack next to the castle. There were more than 300 barracks for the private army now.

Ever since Du Wei had been kidnaped by the magicians, the Family strengthened the internal safety of the castle. A group of infantry had been mobilized to this barrack already. Now there were almost a thousand private soldiers in this area for guarding the castle.

Du Wei entered the barrack by riding a horse, Knight Robert immediately brought some people along and met Du Wei.

Because Du Wei was kidnaped, Robert was demoted by half a grade officially, but in fact, he was still leading the Knight Troop. Probably before the end of the year, they would find an excuse to promote Robert again.

After Du Wei had entered the barrack, everyone paid attention to…the horse of this little master!

This horse had been carefully picked and was the best horse in this castle…even Knight Robert wanted to have it for a long time…

But now, the white horse…it’s tails was bald!

Du Wei seemed very happy on this horse…but Robert felt creeped out, and doubted; what did this little master wanted to do?

“My dear Knight Robert, I just came to have a look and check what these guys are doing,” Du Wei’s laugh looked harmless to both humans and animals..

“Little master, it is still in spring. Therefore the Spring drill just finished. Right now, soldiers are recovering. For the daily patrol, the Knight Troop handles that…I don’t know what kind of thing you would like to see?” Robert looked at the smile of Du Wei with a bit of a shock. He tried to test Du Wei and said, “Perhaps, you would like to go hunting? If so, I can instantly call a troop and go along with you.”

Roberts thought that this little master might be too bored because of his grounding and would like to have some fun.

Hunting was just a tiny thing.

“No, don’t want to go hunting.” Du Wei laughed happily, “Today, I come here because I want to show my new game to all of you!”

Du Wei took something from the saddle. Robert saw that it was a small bag.

After opening the bag, Du Wei took out a ball!

Right, Du Wei spent lots on this ball.

Du Wei didn’t have much money to buy the leather, so, he just went to his room and got his leather jacket. Then he just simply described his request to his female servant who knew embroidery…

Just sewing something into a ball shape, this job wasn’t difficult. The maid completed this task very quickly with high quality.

What was the stuffing for this ball…

In this world, since there was no rubber, he could not make a real inflatable ball. So, he could only find some sort of soft materials to fill it up. The best choice would be something hairy….for example, from a horse’s tail!

So, he donated his leather jacket and the tail of his horse to make a ball.

During the production of the ball, the servants thought that Du Wei was using things recklessly. But Du Wei didn’t care.

This might be a chance for Du Wei to get some pocket money.

“Robert, look, this is my new game. I call it…football.”

“There will be eleven members on each side and one of them is the goalkeeper. Only the goalkeeper can use hands, whilst the other team members cannot use any part of the hands to touch the ball. Otherwise, it is a foul! The aim of this game is to kick the ball into the goal of the opposite side using teamwork! Also, you have to stop the opposite side from kicking the ball into your goal…”

Du Wei explained the basic rules of football roughly. Since the rules were not complicated, the soldiers could easily understand.

They were using their legs to kick the ball!

On the training field, two saddles were used as the goal.

Du Wei also got involved in the game. He picked Knight Robert, along with several cavalrymen who were out with Du Wei before. They formed a team. Meanwhile, the other soldiers formed another team and the game began.

In the beginning, there were a lot of funny things that happened. The soldiers of the Rowling family hadn’t play football before, so they always violated the rules. Some people even broke the ball because they wanted to pass the ball further.

Luckily, Du Wei had predicted that would happen and he had brought some maids that knew sewing, and they sewed the ball immediately…the Knights only had to donate the hair from the tail of their horses.

There was also one knight rushing forward, and when the opponent tried to stop him…they naturally did something violated the rules…Du Wei had broadened his horizon!

Usually, one member led the ball and ran for half of the field, the opponent blocked him and then proceeded to kick him. Right, they kicked the person instead of kicking the ball! Then the two persons would give up the ball and start fighting!

Not to mention, these soldiers of the Rowling Family were good at fighting, with excellent physical fitness. But Du Wei was so weak that after running for a while, he got exhausted and replaced by another soldier directly. He became the judge of the game then.

After giving out a tone of red cards, they finally had a qualified match.

Du Wei also showed them how to lead and kick the ball to them, and tried a random passing. Finally, the soldiers knew the basic football rules after that afternoon.

Even the rules of “offside”, “foul inside the penalty area”, “direct free kick” and “indirect free kick”, they understood well.

In the evening, a smart guy even learned diving in the penalty area!

Although this guy was performing very poorly, he got great respect from Du Wei along with a Penalty. It was because in his previous life, his favorite football star was Inzaghi, who was the King of Diving.

This Penalty also won the “black whistle” from the audience.

After the afternoon, all the soldiers in the barrack loved this manly sport!

As one of the Top Sports of the World in Du Wei’s previous life, it deserved the love!

In the evening, Du Wei found that there were several senior officers who had donated their leather jacket and asked the maid to sew a ball…they also donated a few horse tail hairs.

The sky was almost dark, but the people didn’t want to leave the field. The winning team was cheering like they had won a war, and the losing team were disappointed and asked for another match tomorrow.

Du Wei was very satisfied with the result!

At night, Du Wei went to his own tower. Solskjaer went home and had a rest. Only Du Wei was in this tower now.

He ordered the guards standing outside to stop others from entering.

Du Wei climbed up to the third floor and stood at the rooftop, looked at the sky.

“What have you done today?” Semel was sitting on the fence and asked. Her white and long legs made Du Wei feel a bit dizzy.

Du Wei tried not to look at her and sighed, “Earn money”.

“Earn money?” Semel laughed loudly. She had been following Du Wei for the whole day. But only Du Wei could see her. Semel laughed for a while and obviously she didn’t believe him, and said, “You lost a leather jacket, and cut the hair off that horse’s tail. Sweated for the whole day, two outfits were dirtied with dust…is that called earning money?”

Du Wei ignored her and said, “You know what? Just wait and watch.”

It was already midnight, there were no clouds, and the sky was full of stars. Du Wei checked the time and asked, “Shall we start?”

“The training of Star Magic is not hard…but the hardest part would probably be at the beginning.” When Semel mentioned Star Magic, she looked serious. At that moment, Du Wei thought that she looked like the real Semel.

Du Wei sat down in accordance with the guidance of Semel.

“Use your heart to feel it.”

“What?” Du Wei opened his eyes.

“The Stars!” Semel answered slowly, “Feel the power of the stars.” After a while, she explained, “Of course, in the beginning, you cannot feel the whole space, I just request for to you pick one of them, then after you sit down, you have to use all your magic sense to feel it…feel the energy of the star…it’s hard, and you may not be able to sense it at night.”

Then after Semel taught Du Wei a magic spell, she requested Du Wei to use this spell in his heart, and picked one star as his target.

“Which one should I choose?”

“The biggest and brightest one.” Semel answered.

Du Wei was shocked, “The Biggest and the Brightest? Gosh. There are so many stars in the sky, which one is the biggest and the brightest?”

Semel laughed mysteriously at that moment. She lifted her hand slightly and point to the sky…at the moonlight, Semel’s smile was very gorgeous, with a little mystery, calmness, which seemed unpredictable!

She pointed at….the MOON!

Du Wei was shocked!

Moon! That was the Moon!

He was shocked and looked at Semel…the greatest female Star Reader…She even knew that? According to the previous life of Du Wei, the sun was a star, and the moon was the Earth’s satellite. They were the largest in the sky, it was because of their volume, as well as the distance from the Earth!

Actually, in this world, even the magicians would separate the sun, moon and stars into three categories!

But no one should’ve known that… the sun and the moon should be included in the star category*!

“Feel it, feel all the fluctuation! Even a slight shock. The duration will be long. It can be one day or even a year…if you can pass this stage, you will be able to learn Star Magic…otherwise…that means you don’t have this talent.”

After Semel had finished her words, she was lazy and sat aside, looking at Du Wei who was closing his eyes trying to focus on the sky…

With the “horn” on his head, the perception of Du Wei was very strong, he could even feel the current and the wind in the sky, also the river miles away…he could even hear the sound of the river…

But, stars and the moon…

They were too far away!

Too far away!

Du Wei tried his best to expand his spiritual power, but his power was getting weakened when he reached towards the sky…even when Du Wei tried using all of his force, he could only feel the wind…that was his limit!

Moon?

Du Wei was a reincarnated person, of course he knew the distance from the here to the moon…but how far was it actually! With that distance, Du Wei won’t believe that his spiritual power alone could allow him to pass this distance!

Obviously, Du Wei failed in the first night.

“I cannot give you the guidance specifically because you have to feel it by yourself.” Semel sighed, “This thing you have to feel yourself; I will not be able to help you perceive this.”

Luckily, Du Wei didn’t feel disappointed. Just as Semel said, this was not an easy thing. Du Wei had plenty of time! He didn’t have anything else, but time.

In the morning, although Du Wei didn’t sleep for the whole night, he did his meditation for the entire night and he felt very energetic without any tirelessness.

Du Wei felt that the spell Semel told him was helping him with the growth of his spiritual power! It was a much better and efficient method than the meditation method of those normal magicians!

This type of growth, did not refer to the total increase in the spiritual power, but was the practice of refining the spiritual power!

In the morning, Du Wei went to the barrack again, and he called more soldiers to come…almost all the soldiers except those that were patrolling came to the training field.

Yesterday, they only spent half a day and all the soldiers who did participate in the football match, loved this sport.

Today, Du Wei raised a new method to play.

“I will give out one hundred coins” Du Wei laughed, “You all can form your team freely and participate in the game! The match will be grouped by drawing…loser will be eliminated and the winning team can continue to compete with other teams! The final winner will get the prize.”

Although Robert thought that this game was a bit worthless…but this game is good for the soldier as it can strengthen their physical fitness. Also, the Spring drill just passed and the soldiers were in the recovery period. Training could not be too harsh for them.

Additionally, this little master was so interested in it, it’s not good to turn him down…

Of course, the main reason was that Knight Robert also loved this game too.

The suggestion from this prestigious noble was accepted by the officer, surely the soldiers would not reject this suggestion too.

Also…there was the prize!

To ensure the continuity of this “match” and maintain the fitness of the soldiers, Du Wei shortened the period of the competition.

In his previous life, the regular duration was ninety minutes, and now, Du Wei had cut it by half.

Soon, the many officers who were responsible for back-ups were also responsible for the registration of the soldiers, who, according to their own personal inter-relationship, formed their teams and entered the competition.

The situation was very busy and lasted for the whole morning. Finally, there were 40 teams registered.

According to the rule that Du Wei wrote, there would be 15 people in a team; included were 11 participants and 4 substitutes.

The total participants were nearly 600! That included more than half of the entire troops in the competition.

Luckily, the size of the training field was large, and there was a large area of forest and grassland. So, location was not an issue.

Du Wei started to draw the lots for grouping. Thus the first session of Rowling Family football Competition started…

Since the competition was adopting the elimination system, after the first round, there would be 20 teams left.

Because of the location, this first round could not be processed simultaneously. So the top twenty were born in the afternoon!

At that time, Du Wei had already watched most of the matched. With his strong spiritual power and his memory, he got enough information!

Which teams had a better fitness, which team members knew diving, which team members were more talented, and which teams were weaker…

Du Wei remembered these details firmly.

Then, before the next round started, Du Wei smiled and suggested,

“It’s quite meaningless and boring if we just watch others playing…perhaps, we can do some betting!”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release



* * *





Chapter 49




Chapter 49 “Becoming Sturdy”

Most of the soldiers immediately supported this suggestion!

Being a soldier, there was no fun in the barrack. Sometimes, they might go to the bar and drink some beer nearby, or go to find a prostitute.

As a soldier, there was one more thing that was popular among them, and that was Gambling!

The football game suggested by Du Wei had already gained their pleasure…and now, this interesting game could link up with gambling!

Many officers seemed illuminated! And most of the people, who had lost in the first round, became happier too!

This Master Du Wei…..was fking interesting! He knew how soldier’s thought too fking well!

Under the cheers of everybody, Knight Robert, who originally planned to stop this idea, hesitated for a while. Then he looked at Du Wei and sighed. Finally, he didn’t speak a word.

Actually, it wasn’t a big deal…and now that they were in the recovery period, it was normal that the soldiers gambled. They usually didn’t care.

Du Wei had lots of ideas about gambling!

Only winning and losing? That was too childish!

Du Wei immediately explained his ideas…

Simple winning and losing?! After modifications, how many score the winning team would get, with how many score the losing team would lose were at stake! Even guessing who would get the goal! How many goals! When!

They could even bet if anyone would be sent off…there were various options…

The soldiers and officers were confused about these complicated number games. After the explanation by Du Wei, they all thought that they had a chance to win money and felt interested. So, they immediately went back and got their money.

Du Wei was extremely happy about that.

He studied mathematics in his previous life, and probably no one in this world would understand this number game. In this world, probably no one could understand the Arithmetic, not even the scholars.

But Du Wei, by using the calculations and equations, with the imposition of some bet limits, listed out the rates…no matter who won or lost at the end…

Du Wei, as a banker, would win the most!

By the way, the salary of the private troops of the Roland’s Family was really high! Most of the soldiers got a few golden coins as extra money, and those officers were even richer. They could easily get three to five golden coins out of their pocket.

The most important was that Du Wei had the right timing! After the Spring Drill, the troops just received their salaries!

Most of the soldiers didn’t understand the betting, they just bet according to their favorites. For example, the one who they were closer, or the one they disliked…

The second round ended in the afternoon.

The busiest should be at the registry officer in the barracks, they calculated the betting and the rewards quickly.

After Du Wei knew the result, he was so happy.

Most of the soldiers lost money in the ten matches in the second round, only some lucky one won a bit. Finally, 600 gold coins in total were in Du Wei’s pocket!

Those rich officers lost the most in betting.

Du Wei was very satisfied with the result!

Oh, one thing had to be mentioned, in the last match, both sides were almost tied and this was out of Du Wei’s expectation…Even Du Wei did some predictions, though it wasn’t exactly accurate. If the result of that match were different from the expectations of Du Wei, then Du Wei would’ve earned less.

Luckily, before the match ended, someone saved Du Wei!

Du Wei expected the winning team would get a Kick Request, but a knight ran forward and kicked a curve ball! Directly into the goal!

After the competition, Du Wei met that hero in person…he saved the pocket of Du Wei!

This hero was under Robert’s Knight Troop. He was a handsome blonde man with great body shape. He was energetic.

“May I ask what your name is?” Du Wei asked.

“Your Majesty, my name is David…David Beckham!” This little man was a little bit shy and nervous.

Du Wei was shocked and said, “…..%#…$#….”

After earning a huge load of gold coins, the competition on that day ended. After the second round, there were ten teams left. There was a huge roar for the remaining ten teams from the audience. All the football players were very tired, but were still very energetic and looked proud of themselves. If the sky were not almost dark, they would’ve liked to continue.

Next, since there were ten teams left…how would the coming competitions continue?

If the elimination systems continued…ten teams…after the third round, there would be five teams left. But five was an odd number! The game couldn’t continue. There would be one team without any opponent!

Du Wei had his plan already. He showed his crafty smile.

“I have an idea! If the elimination system isn’t applicable…then use the league system!”

League system?

Du Wei explained the league system quickly. That meant every team had to compete with the remaining teams! If the team won, then the team would get 3 points. If tied, then the team would get 1 point. If lost, the team wouldn’t get any score!

After all the competitions finish, the team that got the highest score would be the winner.

Du Wei’s scheme was despicable…

The more matches there were, the more the gambling he could offer!

“Let me say it again…you are really vile.” At night, at the rooftop of the third floor, Semel looked at Du Wei and felt bewildered, “How could you think of this idea?”

Du Wei said, “Hm…I can’t tell.”

“Don’t think that I cannot figure out.” Semel stared at Du Wei, “I have calculated the Betting market you made many times! I found that no matter how, you, as a banker, always win the bet…How could you calculate that? These complicated betting markets, a banker, rules. All of these are your idea?”

Du Wei didn’t answer and he closed his eyes and started meditating…

Of course, to some extent, he didn’t want to see the secret part of Semel…Why did this lady likes to sit on the fence so much?

Although her legs were very pretty…

At that night, Du Wei still couldn’t feel the “Energy of the Stars”.

But after the meditation, with the spell that Semel taught him, Du Wei felt that his spiritual power did improve!

If it went on, even if he could not learn the Star Magic, he could greatly increase his Spiritual Power.

Du Wei could clearly feel the refining of his spiritual power…the word “refine” is hard to be described. But the details were clear…

For example, the vision, the sound, the smell and so on. During the meditation, Du Wei could hear the wind. Under the refined spiritual power, Du Wei not only could hear the wind, he could determine the virtue of the wind! He could feel even the strength of the wind!

These feelings were really detailed, the spiritual power could capture the details clearly…this feeling was very comfortable.

On the third day, the First Session of the football League of the Roland Family began.

Du Wei knew that this was not a long term income source, and he also knew that the betting of these thousand soldiers could not be too high. Since the soldiers were not rich and the salaries were limited. It was too despicable if he kept on winning their money.

So, Du Wei thought that if he want to earn big money…the only way was to extend the scope!

After negotiating with the officers in the barrack, they got the agreement.

That day, Marde was ordered to go to the towns nearby and publicize the posters.

In a little town, Du Wei used the status of the Roland Family to borrow the square in the town for a day.

Afterwards, Marde brought two troops and came to the city today…they performed football tricks to grab the attention of the people.

The three-day football match Competition had successfully caught the interest the people in this town.

Then, under the authorization of Du Wei, Marde brought the people before the match and started the betting!

“I am the inventor of football in this world..also the organizer of the first gambling group.” Du Wei evaluated himself.

Despicable or noble, he didn’t care. After seven or eight days, Du Wei had already earned more than ten thousand gold coins!

In this town, there were lots of monopolies. The rich merchants also thought that this gambling way was very interesting. These people bet for more than hundred gold coins usually!

The news brought by Marde made Du Wei unspeakable.

First, there was someone intimidating.

This sport spread out quickly, and there were some people starting to play this game, there were even casinos trying to form their own teams and attract more customers.

Second…which made Du Wei more disappointed…there were someone trying to control the result of the competition! Someone tried to bribe the soldiers! Some casino even operated an outside bet.

Who dared to compete with Du Wei?

The money from Du Wei could not be stolen by others!

This was the only income source for Du Wei. He didn’t aim at promoting the Gambling industry. He also didn’t want the Gambling to be strengthened in the territory of the Roland Family.

So, Du Wei came up a solution quickly!

After two days, there was a notice in the town:

Exclusive Operating Right!

Within the Roland Family’s Territory! No one was allowed to operate in the gambling activities related to football! The right of operation could only belong to Du Wei, who was the inventor of this game!

If there was anyone operating in this kind of action without permission, he/she would be fined by the executive and tax department strictly!

This order was issued by the executive officers nearby!

Was the exclusive right compatible with the Imperial Law?

What a Joke!

This was the Roland Family’s territory! All the officers got paid by the Roland Family! If the little master of the Roland Family requested, no one would say no.

So, Du Wei became the monopoly of this game!

With plenty of money, Du Wei was more generous. He first gave out three thousand gold coins to the one thousand soldiers in the barrack at one time.

This was treated as the compensation for winning their money before, and the reward for the physical consumption involved in playing football.

He won cheers from the soldiers in the barrack! Although the football game was very fun, this game cost them too much. Which led to some dispute among the soldiers.

Now, with the shiny gold coins…all the soldiers were satisfied. Most of the soldiers got back the money they lost before.

Du Wei kept the remaining coins as cash flow, and placed in the magic laboratory..

What was Solskjaer researching for?

He had two tasks now. Firstly, he had to refine a certain amount of “Fire Element” every day, that’s the Sulphur Du Wei mentioned.

Secondly, he was now researching a new method to strengthen his magic power.

Before, Solskjaer could make some magic element and use those elements for practicing low level magic. Since the sensitivity was limited, he could not use the advanced magic. Now, he had an idea…

This idea…If this idea could succeed, even if he was to go bankrupt, Du Wei still thought that this was worth it!



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release





* * *





Chapter 50




Chapter 50 “Playing Big”

Actually, in this amazing magical world, magic was very complicated. To be a qualified magician, there were three conditions.

First was the spells. This was the simplest task of the three. You just had to find a master and become his student; and then you would be able to learn a simple spell at least.

In my point of view, the remaining conditions were the key; which were magic talent and your sensitivity to magic.

Magic talent was the same as spiritual power. Du Wei and Solskjaer were the same kind of people. They were born with magic talent and their spiritual power was more outstanding than others.

But, they both were lacking in magic sensitivity and this limited them so that they could not be a real magician.

Now, theoretically, Solskjaer had overcome this issue. He created different kinds of man-made magic elements by using Alchemy. This could increase the concentration percentage of the magic element nearby. So, with this method, even people with weak sensibility could use magic…though it was limited to the low level magic. But at least, theoretically, he had overcome this issue.

Now, the aim of Solskjaer’s research was the other side!

Magic Power! That was the same as the Spiritual Power!

Du Wei and Solskjaer were those who got the magic power but didn’t have the magic sensitivity.

Then, that implied in this world, there were some people in the opposite case: whose Magic sensitivity was great, but that didn’t have the magic power!

If magic element could be created by humans…then, perhaps, magic power could be created manually too.

What would be the result…

When Du Wei and Solskjaer thought of this point, they could not help but be emotional!

If the issue of magic sensitivity and magic power could be solved…then, that implied that the age of the arrogant magicians would be at an end!

If you had the magic power, but not the magic sensitivity, sufficient magic elements could be created for you! Then you would be able to use the low-level magic spells! Become a junior magician!

If you had the Magic sensitivity, but no magic power! Then Magic Power could be improved! Then you could also be able to use the low-level magic spells! Become a junior magician!

Even a normal person, who didn’t have any magic talent and sensitivity! Without any issue, both could be created for him!

So, if Solskjaer’s research could be succeeded, then, Du Wei thought that this might mark a new turn for this world.

Every person could become a magician!!

Since Du Wei had this great target, he was willing to try his best to satisfy the costly request from Solskjaer even under his tight economic situation! He spent thousands and thousands of coins without any hesitation, and now, if possible, he didn’t mind spending more golden coins on it!

If this alchemist formula could be developed successfully in order to enhance the magic power…

Du Wei could not help but dream of this!

Gather three to five thousands soldiers! Give everybody a bottle of Magic medicine with sufficient magic elements…then all the soldiers would become magicians!

Even though they would become a very junior magician… this was still sufficient enough to change continental history!

More than thousands of Magician Troops!

Also, if the production was fast enough…even the Magician’s Troops with numbers equaling 30,000 to 50,000, it was possible theoretically!

He was already emotional about having this idea in his mind!

But now, even though Solskjaer was very busy, and spent the whole day in the laboratory whilst only sleeping for a few hours…there was still zero progress.

Du Wei did think of doping or something similar…since magic power was actually the same as spiritual power. Du Wei thought that surely if there was doping or similar drugs, which could be found in his previous life, that could make people felt excitement mentally, was it the same as the strong spiritual power?

Solskjaer had seriously thought of the Du Wei’s hypothesis, but he immediately turned him down.

“There are many things that can make people feel excitement, for example, from what I know, there are some things called “Ice Berries” grown in the frozen forest in the north. It has this effect… After eating the “Ice Berry”, people will feel excited, and if overdosed, people will have illusions and feel stoned. I heard that many nobles love this “Ice Berry” very much, they use it on almost every occasion…hmm, in private gatherings, they will use this as food to raise the atmosphere.

Du Wei’s eyes blinked rapidly…was that a rave party? Seems no matter how much the world changed, the life of the rich were still very absurd…

PR/N: LMAO

”But, this effect of mental excitement is limited. It can only make people feel a bit more excited. It cannot make the total spiritual power of the person increase much. The required spiritual power for using magic is much higher than the spiritual power of the normal person! This type of doping cannot meet the need. I have calculated, and if you want to increase the effect of this kind of doping to the extent that would be sufficient for normal people to use magic it isn’t possible, unless…”

“Unless…” Solskjaer had a wry smile and said, “Unless the person has eaten a hundred buckets of the Ice Berries! But as everybody knows, people can’t eat that many Ice Berries. Not to mention 100 buckets, even a small plate is already enough to stop your heart-beat because of the over-excitement! Then immediately die!” Solskjaer continued, “Unless you’ve got a very strong heart like the heart of a huge dragon, only then, perhaps can you bear the side effect of these 100 buckets of Ice Berries. But, if we can find that huge dragon…the magic power of the dragon is already strong enough, so it is meaningless to use this method to become a magician!”

Du Wei thought for a while, then he patted the sleepy Solskjaer and said, “The Future’s still bright! The road is tough!— I believe in you, work hard!”

Then, Du Wei passed this difficult question to Solskjaer to handle readily.

Du Wei was not in a hurry. He didn’t get worried about that.

Although he had been learning “Star Magic” for a period of time, he still couldn’t overcome the first obstacle. He couldn’t feel the power of the star. But with the spell that Semel taught him and the mediation every night, Du Wei’s spiritual power had been improved a lot.

Now, it seemed, there was no urgent need for him to grasp the issue of this tremendous magical power.

He, as a noble, didn’t need to worry about his living state. He always had many servants to take care of him, and now with the football gambling monopoly in the Rowling Plain Area, Du Wei didn’t have a shortage of money.

Did he have anything to worry about?

Oh…perhaps there were still little problems.

At the back of the castle, it was farmland originally. This farmland could provide sufficient food including vegetables and fruits; part of the products were consumed in the castle and the remaining would be put up for sale.

Du Wei utilized the abandoned warehouse next to this farmland, and now, Du Wei would spend some time in this place every day.

The sulphur made by Solskjaer was now intensively used in the creative work process…

Du Wei asked Marde to buy different kind of materials and recruit some craftsmen including carpenters, carvers, blacksmiths and even a tailor; and with several servants from the castle, a development team for fireworks was formed for Du Wei.

After Du Wei obtained the sulphur, this was his first idea that he came up with which was that he could use the sulphur to make fireworks and earn money! This world didn’t need sulphur, as no projectile weapons were needed. It was because even a junior magician could use fireball, the power was even the same as an individual rocket launcher.

Not just a magician, a warrior who knew aura manipulation, could also launch different kinds of wind sword with his aura.

Under this situation, Du Wei thought that he could only develop some useless and simple artillery and guns.

It was more practical for making fireworks!

Thanks to his experiences in his previous life, Du Wei grew up in village. He had seen the production procedure of a firework in the village. He could even use several newspapers with a little portion of sulphur to make a firecracker! Although it was rough, it worked!

Du Wei showed how to make it in front of the craftsmen, and all of them felt super amazing! After verifying this little master was not using magic, Du Wei explained the usage of this yellow powder and then mentioned his requirement.

Du Wei wasn’t interested in those ‘amazing’ firecrackers. He only wanted to make some beautiful fireworks.

This firework was different though. After lighting it, there would be colorful flames spreading out!

With the sulphur, there was no difficulty with construction. The workshop in the village could make it, and Du Wei believed that he could make it too.

Du Wei didn’t know how to create different colored flames, but he was familiar with the alchemy of this world. He knew there were some special materials that would produce different colored flames after burning, It just needed the sulphur to work as a complement.

The craftsmen were not silly. After understanding the theory, someone started to make firecrackers which were much prettier than Du Wei made. After lighting it, the effect was very loud!

Later, fireworks were created. The most interesting thing from Du Wei was that he requested a carver to carve a statue of a wooden goddess with a water bottle in her hand. After igniting a lead wire, there would be four different colors of flame coming out from the bottle.

In this age, this thing was undoubtedly a miracle! After this, everybody there was shocked! Even the craftsmen and the carvers, who had been involved in the production, after looking at this amazing scenery, could not help kneeling in tribute to the great bright goddess with the most pious voice. They thought this was a gift from god!

Du Wei instantly came up with an idea in his mind, and he named the product, “Forgiveness from the Goddess of Dawn.”

Du Wei was still unsatisfied after stealing the name from the classic trick of the Aquarius Golden Seiya in the Anime Saint Seiya!

The bottle of the “Forgiveness from the Goddess of Dawn” was too small. The firework could only fly to one person’s height.

If you want to make it, then make it bigger!

Du Wei thought of the fireworks he saw in his previous life. When it was the National Day! That kind of siscon! When it shot towards the sky! Then exploded in the air, flames were radiated out! That scene was very cool!

Compared with that, the Goddess of Dawn was just a kid’s toy.

But this one was so difficult to make!

Du Wei had explained for half a day, but still could not explain how to “paint” the flame on the sky to the craftsmen! After thinking for a while, Du Wei understood and he did this and that, after solving the issue about the scene… it was already higher than the level of the firework, it even got the “cannon add-on!”

It was really hard to explain the explosive power of the sulphur, the injection theory, the recoil and so on to the craftsmen…The final result was: there was a brave craftsman who tried once. But since too much sulphur was used, it finally caused a small scale explosion and accidentally hurt two people… (It was not a serious injury, only two day rest was enough.)

But all people thought that this was the warning and punishment from the gods!

So, even though Du Wei was the master, no one dared involve themselves in this thing.

Du Wei was speechless, “Religious worshipers are so bad…”

Since it didn’t work if shot towards the sky from the ground. Du Wei could only start thinking of a new idea.

After thinking of that for a night, Du Wei got a more amazing idea:

Since it didn’t work if shot from the ground…perhaps I could drop it from the sky!

But…how to fly into the sky…use the Flying Magic from the Magician?

It’s not cool!

Du Wei looked down on this idea.

Also, any magician who could use Fire Magic should be able to make a scene more glamorous than a firework. If he recruited a magician to do this, fireworks were not needed! Why not throw a fire spell out that was glamorous!

But, if not relying on a magician…how to fly?

Du Wei suddenly thought that he was hilarious…he could not do everything from the beginning, like making a plane?

( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°), he thought bigger and bigger now.

The ability of making a plane, Du Wei absolutely didn’t have that…So, apart from the plane, what else could he do?

Du Wei’s eyes were shining!



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release



* * *





Chapter 51




Chapter 51 “Marde Is Flying”

Basically, Du Wei had passed the Soccer Gambling business to Marde…although he was free, he was grounded because of the order from his father. He had no way to manage his business as he was not allowed to leave the castle.

But, Marde, who was the former horse groom, had a complete change in his status now! Originally, this follower and the disgraced master were sent to Territory of Rowling Family together but now he became the “General Director”, most of the people knew that he was a groom before. The old housekeeper was the highest leader of the servers in this Family. Although to outsider Marde got the highest title, he was just a dummy leader.

But now was totally different! He was Du Wei’s General Director! He was the person-in-charge for the soccer gambling business over the Rowling Plains and half of the Cote Province!

Now, if Marde had to go out, the bosses of those large casinos would send people to welcome this General Director. Wherever Marde went, there would be a group of people, who were engaged in the gambling industry, following him.

This group of people were all waiting and hoping that they could gain some benefit from Marde when he was happy. So, if Marde was eating the meat, they would still go and get some soup for him to eat..

Under the authorization of Du Wei, Marde has pretended that he accidentally disclosed the better odds of several soccer matches, the bosses who operated the illegal soccer gambling really earned some great money from that.

Du Wei understood the human behavior all too well. Although there was the exclusive operation right that officially let Du Wei to be the monopoly in this industry, unofficially, there were still many people operating in this.

Even in his previous life, the underground soccer gambling could not be stopped.

Du Wei just didn’t wanted to be the first one for promoting the Gambling over the Rowling Plain. As long as it could not be blocked, then it’s better to guide it!

Du Wei just thought for a few seconds and come up with this decision! From now on, all the soccer gambling in the cities nearby had to be closed! Du Wei needed to fix it!

Du Wei just spoke it out and Marde would execute what Du Wei ordered.

Du Wei had offered an urgent intensive 3-day training for Marde, no matter how much this former groom understood, Du Wei continued to give him many materials for study.

If there was anything that Marde didn’t understand, he could only self-study on the journey.

First, as Du Wei said, Soccer Gambling, the word “Gambling” could not be spoken! The Little master had created a weird thing, which would be sold openly before each match. Although it could predict the same match result, it’s a little bit different.

“From now on, we are not the banker of the betting! We are the store selling a product! The things we will sell are called…Soccer Lottery!” Du Wei looked serious when he was saying that, it’s kind of a holy feeling. After a while, this little master explained a bit, “From now on, “gambling” should not be spoken! We are not a gambling hub, we are….legal betting!”

How legal is it., Du Wei had made a very simple definition: Ten percent of the revenue would be donated to the government authority!

OK!

No matter how much Marde understood, he now could just sit in the carriage with a few servants heading to different towns over the Rowling Plain, and ready for the trading of “Soccer Lottery” as Du Wei said.

By the way, before departure, Marde could not help to ask one more question, “Little master, if we are planning to open a store for trading…so, our store should be named.”

“Soccer Lottery Center!” Du Wei answered immediately.

So, our Mr. General Director Marde, in the foreseeable future, he got a new title in his mind: Director of the Soccer Lottery Center!

The second thing Du Wei wanted Marde to do was…Du Wei was ready to have a significant amendment on the current “League”!

Up till now, in the league system, all the teams and team members were coming from the troop of the castle nearby. Now, the recovery period of the soldiers was almost ended.

If these soldiers kept on playing soccer and stopped the military training, Du Wei worried that the old housekeeper would probably report it by writing the letter to the Imperial City.

So…Du Wei was preparing to establish the real league!

Now, every troop could only have a team in the system. Du Wei requested Marde to go to few cities and establish one team in one city! Now that soccer was very popular over the Rowling Plain, it’s was not difficult to find ten to twenty good soccer players in every town.

After that, team from each place could start their league competition…this idea made Marde very excited!

Du Wei listed out all the thing, seems like this league competition could bring lots of revenue…Firstly, soccer players from Roland Plains, they didn’t request for high joining fee and high salary. Most of them were farmers, craftsmen, carpenters, blacksmiths, miner, even the barbers. They were happy playing the soccer occasionally. One to two golden coins as rewards were already sufficient for them to play in the competition passionately.

The expected high revenue from the soccer lottery was sufficient to pay for these soccer players.

But Du Wei didn’t give up the target of getting maximum benefit…he even let Marde to go to find the biggest leather merchant in the city nearby…That merchant had been providing different kind of leather products to the Rowling Family for a long time.

Du Wei promised, in the future “Soccer League”, when the soccer players were in the competition, they would wear uniform…the name of the merchant’s shop would be written on the uniforms!

Considering the popularity of this game was still high. Every time when there was a match, there were still many people centralizing in the City Square….this kind of popularity…

These merchants had given five hundred golden coins to Du Wei generously as the “Naming Right” fee for the future one year.

So, the team in this city would be named as “Rowling Plain Jade Town Old Clone Leather Store Soccer Team”!

Du Wei sold the naming right for the first soccer team in the league in front of Marde. Then next, Marde was responsible for selling the naming right of the twelve teams to the local rich merchants.

With all these things…Marde almost started to admire this little master who was raised up by himself.

Who said our little master was an idiot?

Have you seen any idiot who could earn hundreds of thousands of gold coins?

Marde was so tired. He was busy with going to different cities and towns, from south to north, east to west in the Rowling Plain; he had gone to more than ten cities and towns! The twelve soccer teams were finally established and all the naming rights had been sold out.

Du Wei didn’t care how weird the names were…He was satisfied with the thousands of gold coins brought by Marde. He earned total five thousand gold coins from these twelve teams.

“This is just the first year, my dear Marde. If we organized the league competition well, you wouldn’t be busy with selling the naming right in the future. Those merchants will beg you with the boxes of coins! At that time, I am afraid only few thousand will not be enough for buying the naming right for one team!” Du Wei looked at this loyal servant, he felt touched. So, he decided to give more rewards to this loyal servant.

“My dear Marde…are you interested in being the first president of Rowling Plain Soccer Association?”

So, apart from the title of “General director” and “Director of the Soccer Lottery centre”, Marde got another amazing title: President of the Soccer Association!

Although he still didn’t understand what this title meant, Marde was impressed as this little master esteemed him most, he accepted Du Wei’s suggestion happily.

Du Wei was very happy.

It was because the coins brought by Marde could help him enormously.

The soccer league was not started yet, the revenue from the soccer lottery was still zero, these five thousands golden coins from the naming fee was the only liquidity for Du Wei.

God damn it…Solsjaer still didn’t have any progress even after he spent thousands and thousands of gold coins.

With the money brought by Marde, Du Wei could relax a little bit. With the happiness, Du Wei brought our President of the Soccer Association to see his new invention.

At the place, where Du Wei had his firework research at the back of the castle, Marde admired his little master much again.

Although he still didn’t know what this little master invented.

The thing in front of him was like a huge basket.

Right, this was a huge basket. It was even large enough to let three to five people to stand inside. The fringe of the basket was high that was about the human’s waist. When people stood inside, it’s like sitting in the carriage with open-top.

Above it….was a gigantic spherical thing that was sewn with a dozen of leather, gently floating above the baskets!

Right, it’s was gigantic hot air balloon!

Under it was a stove, which was heating up the balloon, heating up the air inside the balloon.

The color of the flame was very bright. Du Wei had used some magic in this step…that’s the fire magic he just learnt. Solskjaer made something that could help in strengthening the burning effect of the sulphur.

”This thing is called Hot Air Balloon! My dear Marde.” Du Wei was very happy.

This was the result after one month of effort! Although within this period, nearly fifty high-quality leather was destroyed…these leather were bought from the merchant, who was the first one to buy the naming right of the soccer team, at a very low price.

Du Wei ignored the blankly Marde and briefly introduced his new invention.

Mr. Marde, who was the former groom, the current General Director, the General Director of the Soccer Betting Center and the President of the Soccer Association, was fainted. He looked at this little master and stammered, “Little master…you, you said this thing can fly? You said ‘Fly’? Right?”

”Yes, you are right, my dear Marde!” Du Wei smiled, “So, I offer you an honor! Have a trial flight with me! This is the historical moment! You will be the first human who can fly into the sky without any magic help!”

After that, it was like a dream for the Old Marde!

Du Wei cut the rope tied on the basket; the buoyancy of the hot air balloon brought the basket with Du Wei and Marde up!

When the basket was a little bit off the ground and getting higher and higher…every person stopped breathing without making any sound. They stared at Du Wei and Marde flying into the sky. They were shocked…

There were even some people who forgot to clean up their saliva!

For those people, who were living in the age without any flying tools, this scenery was too….magnificent!

Until the hot air balloon, where Du Wei and Marde were inside, reached the highest point of the castle, the craftsmen on the ground started to scream and cheer! Everyone kneeled down on the floor and praised the great god…

Compared with the cheerful people on the ground, Marde felt that he could not stand up with his legs!

This was the first time for him to fly into the sky; Marde kept shaking since he was off from the ground. He looked pale and the eyes were getting as big as the bovines, his teeth made some weird sound, he kept on clutching the edge of the basket tightly…

”How is it? My dear Marde…” Du Wei looked down…the hot air balloon was floating slowly. From this angle, he could see the scenery around the castle, the mountains far away, the forest close by!

”Is this scenery unforgettable….” Du Wei was enjoying.

”Little master…” Marde tried to swallow his saliva and asked carefully, “This…I am speechless now…this is so amazing…but, I would like to ask…now that we are flying so high…but, how can we land off?”

”….” Du Wei looked pale too, he looked at Marde and said, “Shit…I only know how to fly…but I don’t know how to land off.”

Matt said, “Little master….you are the most talented genius I have ever seen….. ％※％×；※……×；（……※”

Du Wei said, “Marde! You spit on me!”

The people on the ground started looking at each other after the excitement, “When will they land off? It’s almost dinner time?”

Under the sunset, the hot air balloon was floating higher and higher, further and further under the infinite glow…

How amazing the world was! Right?



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release





* * *





Chapter 52




Chapter 52 “Visit of the Magic Teacher”

Marde was staying in his room for two days after the flying trial. After recovering from his illness, he still felt that he could not walk properly with his legs.

But Du Wei still gave a reward to this loyal servant. It was because that day on the Hot Air balloon, when they were struggling how to land off, the panic Marde suggested an idea, he asked if they could shut off the stove in order to land off.

This suggestion inspired Du Wei. The energy for the Hot Air Balloon was related to the temperature of the air inside the balloon. If they shut down the stove, the air inside would be cooled down, the balloon could land off then.

But after this poor Marde landed off, he almost spitted everything, and finally he needed to be carried back by the cavalry.

When everybody in the castle was guessing what kind of new thing this little master would make…Du Wei simply remained silent..

In these days, Du Wei didn’t invent any new things. Du Wei knew that he didn’t have any interest to make so many things that would use up his energy. The fireworks, soccer betting, these were the idea for solving the liquidity problem he had.

Du Wei didn’t aim to have the costly Industrial Revolution. His target was earning money for supporting the expensive magic experiments.

Now, since he didn’t need to worry about the money, he stopped all the thing.

Apart from going to Solskjaer’s laboratory to check the progress of this magic alchemist every day, going to check the research team of the Hot Air Balloon and the Firework afterwards, he spent the remaining time on learning magic.

Every night he would go to the rooftop on the third floor of the magic laboratory alone and spent a night there. He had a tacit agreement with Solskjaer that Solskjaer would use the laboratory in the daytime and he would use the laboratory at night. They could not intervene each other.

Almost a month, but Du Wei still could not overcome the first difficulty of the “Star Magic”. The concept of the “Star Energy” was still too vague. Without any specific standard and description, even Semel could not accurately explain what “Star Energy” was… Since this Semel was not the real Star Reader, she was only a clone and got a part of the memory. This Semel was not able to answer most of the difficult questions from Du Wei

Apart from learning Star Magic at night, Du Wei also learned the traditional magic on the ground at daytime…Solskjaer did help him a bit, since he was a magician. Du Wei still could learn some low level magic from him.

In this one month, Du Wei had learned some low level spell basically, for example, the simple Fire Magic, Fireball, also the Wind Sword from the Wind Magic. Du Wei could use these easily. Among the low level magic, Du Wei knew the “Vertigo technique” and “Acceleration technique” well.

Finally, Solskjaey also admitted that the magic power of Du Wei was better than him…in terms of the magic power or the magic sensitivity. If Du Wei were willing to accept the assessment from the Magic Union, he could easily get the qualification of Grade one Magician easily with his current ability.

In fact, Du Wei had slightly hidden his real power.

Although Du Wei still could not learn the Star Magic, with the spell learned from Semel, his spiritual power had a great improvement. Now, his magic power reached at the Grade three level already.

For the magic sensitivity…with the “Horn” given by Chris, Du Wei’s Magic sensitivity was much better than many intermediary magicians!

In the afternoon, Marde was given an important task from Du Wei!

As being the General Director of Du Wei, Marde would be responsible for preparing the birthday present and going to Imperial City to celebrate countess’s birthday.

Du Wei had spent a night to write a letter…Du Wei had a considerable feeling to this beautiful and gentle countess. Especially when he got sick in childhood, the countess had kneeled for a night, praising and taking care of Du Wei…Even after the birth of his brother, every family member has neglected him, but countess didn’t and she still kept going to Du Wei’s bedroom every night, cuddling her little son and singing a lullaby for him.

Du Wei was very touched. He could feel the motherly love from this beautiful and gentle woman. Although Du Wei felt guilty about his love…as he was not her real son. But because of this love, he always missed this beautiful and gentle mother.

The birthday present was the “Forgiveness from the Goddess of Bright” that was prepared by Du Wei.

Du Wei was confident that after this unprecedented present arrived the Earl Court, certainly would cause a great shock! Du Wei didn’t care about the shock, he just hoped that Countess would feel happy in the birthday party.

Marde was heading to the Earl Court by carriage with few servants. The Countess’s birthday would be seven days later. If everything’s right, they would arrive two days before the Countess’s birthday.

After sending Marde away, Du Wei was relaxed a little bit, he was actually a bit selfish. He felt bad in the grounding period, he could not leave the castle. He felt bored in this one month. He hoped that this birthday present could make his father felt better about him. He didn’t care of the three hundred golden coins. He just wanted his grounding order to be removed if the Earl felt happy about the present.

At the night when Marde left, the sky was very clear. Du Wei suddenly got an idea at that night. He ordered the servants to prepare a stove and placed it on the rooftop on the Laboratory tower, and ordered the chef in the castle to prepare some sirloin, lamb chops and some vegetable grown in the farmland behind the castle…also a bottle of red wine.

Du Wei planned to have an open-air barbecue.

The steak was placed on the hob of the stove, Du Wei used the brush he made and dipped the seasoning, smeared on the steak. He did it very carefully. He tried his best to let every part of the steak was evenly spread with the sauce.

The grilled seasoned meat scented, Du Wei was enjoying and have a deep breath, he even hummed a ditty.

Semel looked at the pleasant Du Wei strangely.

”Which song are you humming? It seems like the song from bard…but why can i not understand every single word of it?”

Du Wei was too lazy to explain, he grunted and flipped the steak by using the folk, then drank some wine.

”Red wine with red meat.” Du Wei was so satisfied and sighed, “The sky is so clear, with the breeze…such a good evening. Eat some grilled meat and drink some good wine…but it’s a pity that there is no music.”

”You, little noble, really know how to enjoy life.” Semel sighed and said, “Will you learn Star Magic tonight?”

”I have learned for more than a month.” Du Wei wry smiled, “The training of spiritual power is very effective, but the star power, I still cannot get it. Not because I am lazy, I just don’t understand it. This can not be solved in one or two days. I am tired in this month, I need to squeeze some time for relaxing.”

Then, he used to fork and lifted the grilled steak and had a bite, it’s so yummy. He smiled and said vaguely, “Yummy! So yummy! Unfortunately, you cannot eat such a yummy food.”

Semel rolled her eyes directly. Since she was a magic creature, technically an object with spiritual power…without a physical body, she was just an illusion, she didn’t need to eat or drink or sleep.

Du Wei unlocked her seal, her spirit was deeply engraved on Du Wei’s magic mark, she almost became the shadow of Du Wei.

”You don’t eat, don’t drink, don’t sleep…so, is your life boring?” Du Wei looked at Semel and sighed.

Semel was still wearing the Red gown. After few reminders from Du Wei, she finally learned how to pay attention to her appearance, and not swinging her beautiful legs on the fence.

Semel rolled her eyes again.

”Are you eternal…hm…I didn’t ask you about that before.” Du Wei blinked his eyes, “How long can you live?”

”Same as you.” Semel felt helpless when she said that, “I was released by you, the spell of unlocking the seal let my life linked with your spiritual power. So, how long you can live is the same as how long I can live! If you died, your spiritual power would be gone, then I will disappear as well.”

”So, that means we live and die together?” Du Wei looked strange.

”Be careful with your words, my little noble.” Semel smiled maliciously, “Don’t forget I am your great great grandmother.”

Du Wei let out a Bah cry and stared at Semel, “you are only the clone, not the real Semel. Also…great great grandmother? Have you seen any grandmother swinging her legs in front of her grandson all the time?”

Semel was angry and looked at the sky.

Du Wei was chilling on the chair. He was eating the grilled sausage, looking at Semel sitting on the fence. The light of the moon reflected on her face, her red gown was floating, her hair was like the snow. Her face looked soft, but with a confused expression…

”What are you thinking?” Du Wei asked.

”I don’t know. So I am thinking.” Semel answered weirdly with a low tone.

Then, Semel looked at Du Wei, she was confused, “Actually, I feel that I am weird…when I was sealed, I always hoped that someone will unlock me. But after I have been released, I find that I don’t know what I can do…I am not human. But…Semel had given me part of her memory, let me think in the human way. In these days, I kept following you, I felt confused…I don’t know what I can do. Although I feel relaxed when I am spending time with you, it’s much more free than being sealed in the painting. But I am more confused…You are human, with your current age, you at least can live for few decades or even hundred years…So, is it meant that I have to spend time with you in the coming hundred years and only talk to you and be your shadow? Looking at you every day for hundred years till you die?”

Du Wei sat stricter a little bit and he looked serious. He looked at Semel and sighed, “I am shocked…your thinking style is close to the human. To be honest…I cannot answer your question. It is because your question is the most difficult question that even the cleverest person in the world cannot answer – Meaning of Life.”

”Meaning of life…” Semel was pondering this sentence.

Du Wei was looking at the sad Semel, he suddenly thought of a fairy tale in his previous life: Pinocchio.

Du Wei immediately told this story to Semel.

This magic creature was fascinated, she even didn’t said a word when she was listening.

When Du Wei said that the puppet “Pinocchio” told a lie, its nose would get longer, Semel could not stop laughing. She laughed happily and looked a bit…innocent.

When Du Wei said “Pinocchio” hoped to become a real human, with the real human body…

Semel bowed her head, very low, even Du Wei could not see her expression clearly.

Finally, Du Wei finished his story, at the end, the puppet could turn into a real human…

”I also want to have a real body.” Semel suddenly spoke.

Her voice was very soft. But in her voice, Du Wei could feel her hope!

In the past, Du Wei didn’t have any feeling about this story. But tonight, he was looking at this magic creature sitting in front of him, and said her wishes sadly…

He suddenly felt the compassion, but he didn’t know how to comfort Semel.

”Perhaps…” Du Wei thought, “Perhaps we may try….perhaps the magic can….”

”It’s late now, I want to have a rest.” Semel interrupted Du Wei. Her words were strange because magic creature didn’t need to rest.

Obviously, she was escaping, escaping from the impossible comfort from Du Wei.

BANG, Semel disappeared. Du Wei sighed as he knew that Semel didn’t want to speak. Although she was the magic creature, when Semel didn’t want to speak, she could attach to anything next to Du Wei.

Ring, badge, clothes, even the book. As long as Semel wanted to, she could even attach on Du Wei’s belt. Otherwise, she would be floating around Du Wei for the whole day, Du Wei also felt that someone was following him.

Du Wei sighed and he didn’t stop Semel…although he could order Semel to show up because he was the one that released Semel and magic creature might listen to all the order from Du Wei. But at that moment, Du Wei knew that she was sad and didn’t want to talk much.

After drinking the wine, extinguishing the fire, Du Wei was chilling lazily and looked at the sky.

The sky was still bright, and Du Wei suddenly asked himself, “For me….what’s the meaning of life?”

He was sitting for a long period of time there. When he started feeling tired and ready to go to bed, Du Wei was a bit shocked! He felt there was a strong spiritual power in the air nearby!

The slight fluctuation of the current could not be hidden from the spiritual power of Du Wei, he sat and looked around!

”Seems your sensitivity is strong.” In the dark, there was a melodious voice suddenly passed over here!

This voice seems old, but the tone was very soft and even with a smile, “According to what I heard of your situation before, you should not have this level of spiritual power…Mr. Du Wei Rowling.”

There was a shadow that suddenly showed up near the balcony!

In the darkness, this man was wearing a white gown, it was a magician gown. He had an old face, long beard, his eyebrows were fine, his smile was very calm. But when he looked at Du Wei, his eyes were sharp like needles!

Du Wei was uncomfortable about that.

”Who are you?” Du Wei puzzled, “A magician? I didn’t have any contact with the Magic Union.”

This old man flew across the fence and landed next to Du Wei. He was still smiling…by the way, although he was old, he had very fine skin and flashing eyes which didn’t match with his age!…Du Wei never saw anyone that looked like him!

”You made me shocked…before, I thought you are just a little noble boy who knows some tricks.” This old magician smiled and looked at Du Wei, “ But now, seems you got outstanding spiritual power…oh, you know magic too? You don’t have to be in the position of using fire magic…don’t need to be cautious about me…Because it’s useless.”

Du Wei looked at this guy intensively, “Who are you?”

”Who am i…..” The old magician went to the side of Du Wei, he bounced and grabbed the bottle on the table, and drank a little bit and sighed, “Nice wine. The wine from Rowling Family was always good…you should feel honored as my little kid, you are the first one who treat me wine from the Rowling Family in these hundred years.”

”You just….looking at me secretly?!” Du Wei was worried! The existence of Semel was a great secret and Du Wei didn’t want other to know there was an invisible magic creature following him.

”No. I don’t do this kind of meaningless thing.” The old magician smiled, “I just arrive….hm, I haven’t been to Rowling Plain for couple years. I almost got lost. Right…it’s so late. You are not at your room but drinking wine in this place…Is it the discipline of the Rowling Family so loosened and lax?”

Du Wei was wary, “You seems like you know the Rowling Family well?”

”No no no…” The old magician smiled relaxingly, “I just know some people from Rowling family when I was young. Hm…that happened a long time ago.”

”ok…” Du Wei spoke carefully and sat slowly. He hid his hands in the sleeves, slightly withheld the magic scroll, “Magician, a night visit, you are not only passing here, right?”

”I….came to see you.” Old Magician thought for a while, and suddenly noticed his reason for coming here, “I came to find you to get back a couple of things.”

”What?”

”Several things.” The old magician sighed, “You had extorted many things from my stupid student…although that kid was innocent, as her teacher, I cannot just stand here and see how she was cheated by others.”

Du Wei finally understood, “You….you are Vivian’s teacher?!”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release



* * *





Chapter 53




Chapter 53 “Vivian’s Teacher”

“Right, I am.”

Then, as the old magician slightly crooked his finger, Du Wei felt his hand suddenly felt light! The Magic Scroll hidden under his sleeve was gone and amazingly was now in the hands of the old magician!

“Look, this scroll is made by me.” The old magician glanced at it then put it away in his gown. “Finally returned to its owner.”

“You…you came here to take back Vivian’s things.” Du Wei smiled forcefully.

“That was my original purpose…but, after meeting you, I changed my mind.” The old magician laughed…

Du Wei sensed that something bad would happen, but when he was about to jump up from the chair, he felt very light…

The old magician didn’t use any spell. He had merely beckoned his finger towards Du Wei and Du Wei could not move! He started floating in the air!

Having lost control over the rest of his body, he could only roll his eyes. He felt just like a huge lump of meat hanging on a hook!

“Listen, kid.” The old magician touched Du Wei’s head and said, “Oh, seems like I am right…you have an interesting object on your head…you use magic with this thing?”

Du Wei was too shocked to even roll his eyes this time!

How did he know?!

“My lovely student was going out for the first time on her own, then was cheated out of all her belongings…she even almost died on that island and lost her pet…” The old man said in a mocking tone while staring at Du Wei. “As I was heading back home, I coincidentally discovered that a part of my poor student’s memory was erased with magic! As a responsible teacher, shouldn’t I do something about it?”

The old magician waved his hand, and immediately, Du Wei was able to talk, “You…you think I did that?”

“Hard to tell. I didn’t think so at the beginning.” The old magician’s eyes flashed, “But you, a kid from the Rowling Family who was without any talent in magic, can now suddenly can use it? I should think, that island must be the key right?”

Du Wei carefully examined this magician…. He wanted to defend himself, but the old magician put him at a loss with only one spoken sentence!

“May I know….Chris, is he good?”

Du Wei was truly astonished this time!

Chris! He knew that Devil’s servant, Chris!!

The next morning, all of the servants were frightened…their little master was missing!

On the rooftop that Du Wei had rested, there was a letter written by the person himself.

“A magician has taken me away.”

This single line was written by Du Wei. He didn’t write “kidnap”, but only left behind a vague message of “taken me away”.

Obviously, Du Wei’s note was approved by the magician, who took Du Wei away.

It was because, on that note, there was not only Du Wei’s signature…but also a symbol.

No one knew what it was, except Solskjaer, the only magician in the castle, who understood.

“It seems like the private stamp of a magician.” Solskjaer thought for a while. “Some of the older magicians are used to leaving that mark in place of a signature. We can go to the Magic Union and check it.”

What made everyone in the castle feel nervous was…that Du Wei was taken away by a magician! The last time when a magician kidnapped him was only a month ago!

Was it because at that time, the Rowling family and the Magician ran into a dispute? Was this an act of revenge?

This urgent matter was immediately reported!

But the strangest thing the people felt was, when the symbol stamp was sent to the Magic Union, they unexpectedly maintained silence!

Even Earl Raymond, when he came to know that his eldest son was kidnapped by a magician again, his first reaction was anger! No matter how much he hated this son, but to carry out the same act twice, this meant that they were provoking the Rowling Family!

But, after seeing that symbol…Earl Raymond immediately calmed and kept silent! That’s right, he didn’t say a word to anyone about it!

It was all was so different from the last time. After Du Wei was kidnapped this time, the Rowling Family and the Magic Union both kept a strange silence, as if there was an unspoken agreement between them. News of this event was suppressed…

Solskjaer, who was getting nervous, finally got a piece of information from the Magic Union. It was disclosed by a staff member who was selling magic components in the Magic Union.

“The stamp belongs to a very great magician, who the Magic Union don’t dare to offend! He is not recorded in any documents in the Magic Union…that man, don’t mention your little master, for even if he takes the son of the king away, the King would also keep silent!”

Du Wei felt terrible!

First of all, he didn’t know what kind of magic this man was using on him…because Du Wei only felt his body was not responding at all!

This was a strange “kidnapping” event!

For the Du Wei right now, his head and consciousness were the only things that was still his own, but everything else was controlled by the magician!

Just like now!

The old magician was relaxing on the grass, leaning under a tree and observing Du Wei when he suddenly gave an order.

Du Wei cursed this old man from the bottom of his heart, but he didn’t have any way out of this situation!

Because this old man just said, “Set up a fire!”

And the powerless Du Wei could only stand. He got busy with picking up sticks, setting up a fire, no matter how much the black smoke affected him, no matter how angry he was…his body was totally out of control!

He was just like a puppet!

He looked at the old man, who brought out something from the little pocket of his gown. It was obvious that it was a magic tool, because the old magician retrieved a lamb shank, a nice bottle of wine, even a set of new clothes and some bottles from that little bag.

It seemed as if an unlimited number of things could be stored in that bag.

Then, the old magician ordered, “Grill the meat!”

Du Wei then “looked at” himself and carried out what the magician’s command!

This was torture!

As Du Wei worked, he spoke angry words of abuse.

But the punishment from the old magician was very simple. He just glanced at Du Wei and said, “Slap yourself.”

Du Wei could only watch helplessly as his own hands moved to slap him!

After few slaps, Du Wei could would only stay silent and did not complain…although he continued to curse the old magician over and over again in his mind; he didn’t dare to say a word out loud.

After the old magician felt full, he looked to Du Wei at the side, and suddenly laughed, “Your cooking skill is so nice. I haven’t had such a tasty grilled meat for long time.”

Du Wei directly rolled his eyes.

”Now, sleep!” Old Magician finished his talk, leaned against the tree and closed his eyes.

And what about Du Wei?

He didn’t want to sleep! But his body was controlled by the old magician! He could do nothing as he stretched his body, lied down and closed his eyes!

No matter how hard he tried, he could not open his eyes and remained still!

It was because the order of old magician was: Sleep!

What’s going on? Du Wei felt like he was a computer in his previous life, coding the program, which would then execute its functions without hesitation…it didn’t matter whether he was willing to do this or not!

In the past five days, the old magician had brought along Du Wei while always heading north.

From the beginning, the old magician had taken Du Wei away from the castle by flying that night, and afterwards continued moving north. After one day, they had passed a town where the old magician let Du Wei buy two horses.

Du Wei didn’t resist, he couldn’t even escape. Right now, he only had the freedom of thought, because the old magician fully controlled his body.

Du Wei had asked the old magician about the magic that was used on him.

He didn’t answer.

Du Wei had also asked him why he knew about that island and Chris, and whether he was acquainted with him.

He didn’t answer.

Du Wei asked where they were going to.

He didn’t answer.

Du Wei was going crazy.

Busy with traveling in the daytime, especially riding on a horse for long hours. Since Du Wei was not a strong person, this was a hard experience for him. His body could not stand the tough journey, but the old magician did not want to let him free.

”Why do we need to ride on horseback?” Du Wei finally asked, “You are such a great magician, you can go everywhere by flying.”

Finally, the old magician answered this time.

”The place we are going to is a very special. Long hours of flight would use up my magic power. I have to conserve all of my strength before arriving.”

That was the only question from Du Wei that the old magician bothered answering.

What made Du Wei feel frustrated was that…he could not call Semel out!

He knew Semel was inside his body, but this magic creature wouldn’t show up.

Heading to the north day by day, the climate got a bit cooler. The Rowling Plains was in the south with a warm climate. Du Wei was wearing a very thin shirt. During the next few days, Du Wei could feel the cold of the environment, his hands becoming stiff. When he was on the horse, he was always shivering.

Finally, the old magician showed a bit of sympathy towards Du Wei. He taught Du Wei some weird gestures, and when Du Wei was about to rest, he had to perform these gestures once…

It seems like the exercises in Du Wei’s previous life, but much more foreign. Also, there were some actions that required bending the body, which were too difficult for Du Wei. But under the “orders” of the old magician, even though it was painful, he would still do as he was told!

But oddly enough, it had a significant effect! Every time Du Wei performed the exercise once, he felt warmth from the inside! This heat overwhelmed the cold!

He did this exercise every day, and Du Wei could feel his body getting stronger, day by day!

On the 20th day, they arrived at the Northern Continent. The weather here was still colder than before. There was no green areas nearby, because everything was covered by ice.

When the winds in the North Continent blew over Du Wei’s face, it was like being cut across with a knife. The difficulty of the journey was rising even more.

They encountered a blizzard!

The snow blocked the road, and the horses could not pass through it. When people walked in the snow, the snow was too deep enough to bury a person up to the calf.

The old magician finally showed some kindness when they found a small town. In a small pub, the old magician let Du Wei stay in the room, and then he went away.

Du Wei didn’t escape as the magician left orders to make no sounds and only to stay in the room.

In the evening, the old magician came back and brought along a large amount of luggage. He opened the things he brought in front of Du Wei, and from it came out a coat, leather armor, a sheepskin hat, and a pair of boots. Finally, there was also a long knife.

”Get dressed, we are about to go.” The old magician gave a simple order.

”Where…are we going to?” Du Wei asked again.

And at last, the old magician gave the answer, “The Frozen Forest.”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases



* * *





Chapter 54




Chapter 54 “Frozen Forest, the Monster World”

The thing that made Du Wei confused was that the old magician spent Du Wei’s money to buy all the things. When Du Wei was caught, in his pouch there was more than a hundred gold coins.

Du Wei wore a fur coat, a sheepskin hat that covered his ears, and he also put on some snow boots with a broadsword hanging on his waist…Du Wei looked like an adventurer, who had always gone to the Frozen Forest.

When they left the hotel, there was a small sleigh outside, and four grey dogs were lying on the floor.

The sleigh was really small, Du Wei could only squeeze in with the old magician, and the magician was still wearing the white gown….he seemed to not be scared of the cold. When Du Wei was sitting next to him, he found out the secret. This old man had used magic. When Du Wei was sitting next to him, he felt like he was sitting near a heater. The old magician was emitting warmness from his body.

“Huh, knowing magic is not such a big deal.” Du Wei hummed.

But he was curious, as there was no driver for this sleigh.

This old magician was really a “Genius”, he even knew how to drive a sleigh; he didn’t even need to yell, he just sat in the sleigh and said, “Let’s go!”.

And then the dogs started running! The old magician didn’t need to control the direction, the malamutes would know the way and they kept running. On the white snow, there was a very long track formed from the sleigh. They were heading towards the north.

Even though Du Wei had worn the coat and the hat, he still felt the biting pain when the freezing wind blew on his face. He couldn’t even open his eyes. He could just sit closer to the warm old magician to get some comfort.

The wind in the North was like a sharp knife…Du Wei had lived in the southern area even in his previous life, and he never went to the north before. He had just experienced this freezing climate a few times before.

On the way, he had to stay with this evil old magician and this god damn climate!

It was still sunny, but there was no warmth. Du Wei was frozen like an ice cube. If he had rubbed himself a bit, his skin would burn. Du Wei was in so much pain that he thought that he might die.

The Frozen Forest was located to the north…where people said it was at the most northern part of the continent.

There, was also the official “Borderline” of the Roland Empire. Normally, the citizens of the Empire were not allowed to head to the north.

As they went further to the north, there was not only the freezing snow storm in the Frozen Forest, nor the unlimited forest area…but the most important thing was that it was one of the two places where there was magic monsters living on the continent.

The Empire had troops stationed to the south of the Frozen Forest. Northern “Storm Troopers” of the Empire were spreading along the borderline at the south of the Frozen Forest, and there were checkpoints along all the roads to the Frozen Forest.

Of course, these were only the observable ones.

But secretly, there were many mercenaries, and also some small-scale adventure groups, which headed to the Frozen Forest every year…and these people were all talented. There were terrible magic monsters inside the frozen forest, but in their eyes, these were shining gold coins!

If they sold the monster’s fur, or the different monster cores of the monsters in the south, much more money could be earned.

This “Smuggling” was almost an open secret. The Empire actually acquiesced.

The troops stationed at the Southern boundary of the Frozen Forest were used to blocking normal people from entering this dangerous area; but for those adventurers with great skill such as magicians, or senior knights, they could hide silently from the patrols of the troops. For those large scale teams, they even fought with the troops because of the benefits gained from the smuggling.

People in the Roland Region loved fighting much, and although there were only a few magicians, there were many knights. But due to the benefit gained from adventures, many people had still tried to fight for that.

Du Wei and the old magician were heading to the north from that town, and after a half day, they arrived at the checkpoint. When the Empire soldiers saw the white gown…These soldiers were obviously stronger than Du Wei. There were a few senior knights only wearing a leather corset, with their hairy chests were exposed. They were standing at the checkpoints, whilst grabbing some snow and rubbing themselves. They sang very loudly while they were rubbing.

This checkpoint was built on the continent without using stones…The frozen soil in the North was much harder than the stone. Every summer, when it was warm, they would just grab some softer soil and build it up, water it, and after the freezing night, a wall would be built.

Looking at those soldier with a thick white gown, leather hat with icicles, Du Wei didn’t know if he should feel shocked or what, so he just huddled tightly.

The old magician whistled, and the four Malamutes stopped just before crossing.

There were almost a hundred soldiers at this checkpoint. When they saw a little sleigh stopped in front of them in this snowy place, they immediately gathered around it. These soldiers were intentionally touching their broadsword. The leader stopped showering with the snow and also grabbed a spear whilst he rushed to there.

On the snow, this knight’s running speed was very fast. He just ran a bit and then he stood in front of Du Wei. By looking at his appearance, he could be called a “barbarian”, as the long beard almost obscured one-third of his face, which made him look very rough, but therefore his martial should be very great by looking at him and how he ran on the snow.

These soldiers blocked the road, and when there was a person who wanted to speak, he glanced at the outfit of the old magician, and he shut his mouth immediately!

The soldiers in the North knew many things, such as every year, there were magicians who liked to come to this place, and catch some rare magic monster in the forest since the magic cores were their favourite magic ingredient.

They looked at the outfit of the old magician and they knew his identity…Although this old magician didn’t have any badge on the gown.

It was normal to have this thing happen in the Frozen Forest…the magicians that came to this place knew the prohibition of the Empire. Although the status of magicians were prestiged, to avoid provoking the Empire, they hid their identity by not showing their magic level badge. So, they could show their identity of being a magician to threaten the soldiers while the could hide their real name and identity.

Since there were only a few magicians on the continent, if they hanged the badge, other people would know their level. If people wanted to give them trouble, they could go to the Magic union and check. Based on the level, the appearance of the magicians could be found out.

So, in the Frozen Forest, the magician would only wear the gown without the badge. This was not a secret habit…It was so called “Doing a bad thing anonymously.”

Du Wei was staring and looked a bit excited. In his point of view, it is impossible for this small troop to block their way. Although Du Wei didn’t know how powerful the old magician was…by virtue that he could have trained a magic genius like Vivian, and that he could give a dragon to his apprentice as a gift … the strength of this guy should not be weak.

If they really got a fight, Du Wei bet that the magician could defeat these hundreds of soldiers in a few seconds.

But Du Wei was disappointed.

The magician stopped the sleigh quietly and got a Parchment from his pocket – in the Magic Union, they didn’t like using the normal paper, all the things were recorded on parchment.

“Sir, here is the official document from the Magic Union.” The old magician gave the parchment to the Barbarian Knight, “The Magic union give me the authority to enter this Frozen Forest.”

By looking at this calm old magician, the leader of the knight’s was shocked a bit.

Although he looked rough, he actually was a detailed person. In the past few years, he was ordered to be stationed at the checkpoint of the Frozen Forest, and he knew many things. This was not the first time for him to meet a magician.

But most of the magicians were arrogant. They could actually use magic and fly over the checkpoint, or act like the wind to enter the forest directly; most of the soldier didn’t even know that.

But most of them liked to show off their magic to the soldiers and walked through the checkpoint.

Since this was the habit they all knew, if a magician really wanted to insist forcing his way through, no one could block him.

So, it was very rare that such a kind magician could bring out the legal document politely and looked like wanting to negotiate.

With suspicion, the knight leader received the parchment.

The parchment looked old, the words on it were blurred, there was even some scrap. The leader put it on his hand carefully as he was afraid of destroying that.

As he read the words on the parchment…the leader felt shocked!

“The person with this letter can enter the Frozen Forest without condition, any Empire Arm Force or local authority cannot stop him or her! The validity of this letter is for…one hundred years!”

What the f*** was that? One hundred years validity?

……

This old man was not joking? The leader could not stop to think about this and that. He did meet some liars before….

Everybody knew that in this place, the army generally didn’t dare to stop the magician, but there were some liars wearing the magicians gown to cheat the army.

But, by reading the signature on the document…

“King of the Roland Empire, Austin V, and the Leader of the Roland Continent Magic Union, Julidia.”

The King of the Empire and the Leader of the Magic Union co-signed on the document?

The most unbelievable thing was…

The King of the Empire Austin V had been dead for 60 years already! The Leader of Roland Continent Magic union had been changed too! The Leader who signed this letter died 40 years ago when he was 119 years old.

Signatures from the former king and former leader of the Magic union?

Who the hell was he?

The leader could recognize the Authenticity of this document surely! The signature could be fake, but the stamp on it could not be fake! The stamp of the King of the Empire and the Leader of the Magic Union both got the magic security marking!

When he received the document on hand, the two stamps gradually appeared on the parchment, then faded out…

The leader immediately showed serious respect!

This old magician in front of him must be at an extremely advanced level! At least he was an old man who was living in the period of the former Empire King and the former President of the Magician Party!

This kind of person, the little leader could not take the responsibility of infringing!

The leader even could not stop thinking…100 years validity…so how old was this old man now?

He rolled up the parchment respectfully, gave it back to the magician with both hands politely and said, “Dear sir, welcome to the Frozen Forest! 27th Patrol Unit of the White Wolf of the Regiment of the North Imperial Storm Legion welcomes you! Should you have any requirement, we will try our best to help you! ”

The old magician replied politely, “No, please just get out of the way.”

In short, soldiers in front moved away, even swept out the snow at the gate immediately, and then lined up to farewell the old magician’s sleigh.

They left until they could not see the gate, Du Wei could not stop to ask, “Is the document real?”

“Yes…”The old magician replied, “But, today is the last day of the validity.”

Du Wei said, “Last day?”

He looked at the side of the old magician and asked, “How…old…are you?”

“Little kid, has the Roland family teacher degenerated to such an extent? You should use an Honorific when asking the age of the senior.” The old magician laughed and said, “Hm….my age…”

At this moment, the old magician’s eyes flashed a trace of melancholy and said, “I forgot it.”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases



* * *





Chapter 55




Chapter 55 “Frozen Forest, The Monster World II”

The sky was getting dark, and the sleigh was moving towards the Frozen forest slowly. In the boundary area of the forest, where trees were scattered, it was hard for the sleigh to go through the gaps in the trees.

Du Wei was surprised that the magic the old magician had used on the malamutes was so amazing! He didn’t use the whip or slogan like other trainers. He normally just gave some simple orders such as telling them to run or to stop. But sometimes he just whistled or used a simple gesture! The malamutes seemed to understand the human language and the gestures, following every order from the old magician as if they did.

“You… can also use magic on the dogs like using magic on me?” Du Wei curiously asked. In these past few days, Du Wei liked to ask questions even though he could not get any answers from the old magician for most of them. He knew that as long as he didn’t try to escape, and didn’t make this old man angry, he’d be fine.

“What do you think?” The Magician replied teasingly, “These dogs are more obedient than you!”

The sleigh started decreasing in speed; as the forest in front became narrower, it was harder for the sleigh to move further.

The magician stopped the sleigh and kicked Du Wei gently, “Get off the sleigh kid, and don’t just stay here without moving. Has no one ever taught you before that in freezing snow, if you don’t keep moving, you will be more likely to die because of the cold?”

After Du Wei had stood up, the old magician looked around and said, “Tonight, we’ll stay here.”

“Stay here?” Du Wei couldn’t help but mutter, “You…it’s better to stay in the town, but you insist on living in this forest…I was thinking you planned to travel through the night without stopping! If you don’t have any plan, why didn’t we just stay in the town?”

“Because I like it, does that satisfy your curiosity?” The old magician laughed and answered. He looked at Du Wei with kindness, “Now, there is a tent in the baggage under your butt, and if you still won’t stand up, I can guarantee your face will hurt again.”

A painful face…this old man wanted to order him to slap himself again! Du Wei couldn’t stop muttering. Although, Du Wei was very smart, while facing this old man…this old man was much stronger than him… thousands of times over… so he didn’t have any alternatives.

Du Wei was pissed off, so he stood up slowly and opened the baggage, then started barring the tent.

Du Wei was very used to barring the tent these days.

The old magician this time didn’t just stop and look at Du Wei, he also got busy.

Du Wei secretly glanced at the old magician to see what he was doing. The old man brought out a little bottle from his gown, then spread out some green powder evenly.

He spread the powder around and formed a big circle; the tent, the sleigh and both of them were in this circle.

Du Wei didn’t know what this powder was, but after it was spread on the floor, the snow immediately melted, and there was some greenish light released from the darkness…like some sort of ghostly fire.

Then Du Wei noticed that those Malamutes were scared of the unnatural powder! The calm malamutes became scared. Their bodies hunched, and they kept shaking. They were also making some creepy sounds.

The magician completed this and felt satisfied. He looked at the green circle, then went to comfort the dogs. He just used his thick palm to pet the malamutes, then whispered happily, “It’s fine…don’t worry….”

The dogs then lied down again.

After the tent was done, Du Wei went to him and asked, “What is it?”

“Something to avoid trouble.” The Old Magician took the bottle back. He just had a thin gown, so Du Wei really didn’t know how he could carry so many bottles. When he just wanted to use one, immediately he could get it out .

“Trouble…?”

The old magician laughed, “Kid, this is the Frozen Forest! There aren’t only plenty of trees, but also numerous Magic Beasts! Most of them you haven’t heard of or seen before. Especially during the night, the magic Beasts love to attack those whose don’t have any defense, and are asleep. There are many adventures who become the dinner for Magic Beasts, when they are sleeping…then become feces the next day.”

“But you are such a great magician, are you really scared of those magic Beasts?” Du Wei teased.

“I am not scared.” The magician shook his head, “But just the two of us are like two meat bags being thrown to a group of flies! Do you understand? This will definitely attract many things out there, but those things aren’t a big deal. But if more and more ‘flies’ come, it will become a great disaster. And, as I said…before we arrive at our destination, I cannot use much of my magic power. So, light the fire when we are ready to sleep…but remember before you sleep to do the exercise which I taught you before. Otherwise, you will become a popsicle by midnight, and I won’t be able to take care of you.”

Du Wei was speechless…he didn’t want him to be a robot that was controlled by others, so he just did it himself.

Although this kind of stretch was painful, Du Wei knew that it was good for him, therefore he had to complete the whole set of exercises, even if it felt painful.

The old magician looked at Du Wei, who was doing the exercises, and once he was satisfied, he brought out a scroll and gently opened it.

This was the wind magic scroll that the old magician had used to form the boundary; suddenly he pointed at the tent, “Okay, now it’s time to sleep.”

“ I still want to ask…what is the green powder?”

“Are you curious? I worry that if you know this, you won’t fall asleep.” The old magician maliciously smiled.

“…Please tell me.” Du Wei said, “I am very curious, if you don’t tell me, I can’t fall asleep.”

“Ok! That is…the poop of a dragon.” The old magician shrugged his shoulders, “You don’t mind sleeping around the poop?”

Du Wei, “…”

Dragon’s poop?

That explained it…Most of the animals relied on smell and taste of feces and piss to determine the others’ boundaries. Dragons, undoubtedly were the strongest creatures in nature.

By spreading the dragon poop here, other Beasts would think that there was a dragon!

Which magic Beast dared to cause trouble for a dragon?

Although this method was good…Du Wei shook his head. Luckily, the poop was not smelly.

In the middle of the night, Du Wei woke up because of the cold.

Inside the tent, the old magician had his eyes closed, slept gently, and breathed evenly. There was a crystal ball hanging inside the tent. The old magician was kind enough that he used the Fire Magic Scroll and turned this crystal ball into a heater, so it was getting warmer inside the tent.

But in the middle of the night, the heat of the crystal ball had been used up, and Du Wei was freezing and got out of the tent to exercise once again.

After completing the whole set of the exercises, he felt warm again, and sighed,

“If you would have met me earlier and did this exercise twice every year, you would have been stronger.” In the tent, the old man suddenly said while his eyes remained shut.

Du Wei was not surprised…this old man could seem fast asleep, but could still hear all the things around him! For this point, Du Wei had confirmed a few days ago when he tried to escape.

“Never thought that…The family of Proud Knights, the next generation of the Rowling family, could have such a weak kid.” Old Magician finished his words and then continued sleeping.

Du Wei sighed, he was standing in the snow and looking at the sky…

The moon was in the sky, the moonlight shined on the forest and on the snow; it was actually quite pretty.

In the forest, it seemed there were something howling further away, didn’t know which kind of magic Beast was howling. But those Malamutes were sleeping well. Du Wei tiptoed to the side.

In the midnight, he wanted to pee, so he found a big trunk inside the circle of the dragon poop, dressed off his trousers and pee, and shuddered fiercely.

People said that if heading further to the north, the weather would be even colder, and it was dangerous to even pee! Under such cold weather conditions, no one dared to pee in the outside, as their little penis would be frozen!

Du Wei sighed and looked back to the tent…When would this end?

This old man kidnapped Du Wei and then didn’t answer anything, Du Wei had lots of questions already. He didn’t even know where he was going to.

Revenge for his apprentice? To be honest, Du Wei treated Vivian very good except cheating her for some magic tools. When they suffered on the isolated island, he took care of that little lady.

Even he wanted to get back on this old magician. Du Wei had suffered lots in the journey, thus the old man should feel much better.

So, did he want to blackmail the Rowling Family by kidnapping Du Wei?

Du Wei laughed…This old man should have a very great background, and even though the Rowling Family was powerful, he might not care, so what else did he want?

So….was it because of the prisoner Chris? But this old man should know more than Du Wei! It was meaningless to kidnap him.

Du Wei kept thinking for a while, but still didn’t get any idea, then as he was ready to go back to sleep…

Suddenly, in the dark forest, there was a sound that shocked him!

Chup!

Du Wei shook! His spiritual power was very good now, and he was very sensitive to the surrounding! He stayed at the barracks near the castle for many days, and from that sound…that was the sound of archery!

Then, there were some people screaming far away!

Among the screams, there was something howling, then more people screamed…

The location should be on the Northeast side. Du Wei saw that there was a red light flashing in the darkness! It was just like something was on fire!

Then, there was a roaring sound, followed by the sound of people running…the sound seemed very desperate, like they were escaping…

Du Wei frowned, then crouched down and listened…

1…2…3…Seems there were five to six people, they were breathing shortly, and running in panic. They were approaching Du Wei now!

Among the howling…seems like there were some animals howling, then there were people screaming again, seems the animal had caught a person…

The stepping sound was less than before, one more person should’ve been killed…

After just a few seconds, the stepping sound was nearby. Du Wei saw there were four people running out from the forest, they were dressed in leather coats, with a corset and a knife…but the knife was cut in half!

The last one was the poorest one. Half of his body was in red, and Du Wei couldn’t figure out if that was his blood or the others. He was carrying a bow, running and screaming, “Faster! Faster! It’s nearby! It’s close! It killed the leader! Run!!!!!”

The man at the front had already run through some trees, and when he looked at Du Wei he yelled, “Someone’s here!”

Du Wei still didn’t respond, while the four Malamutes had already woke up and started barking at those people…



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases



* * *





Chapter 56




Chapter 56 “The Zombie Monster & Golden Eyed Python”

The man running at the front almost crashed into Du Wei. The other two also entered the circle of dragon’s poop, while the four Malamutes had already rushed up towards the group!

“Woah! Friend, can you control your dogs!” The running men were scared. One of them had clumsy movements because of receiving an injury, so he was almost knocked down by the dogs, while the other two quickly dodged. The four Malamutes could not recognize their target, and Du Wei had to yell at them loudly in order to stop their attack. Since the dogs recognized Du Wei, no one was attacked anymore.

At this moment, the last bloodied man had already run to their location, looking terrible. When he saw Du Wei, without caring for his appearance or age, he still kindly shouted, “Friend! Run! The zombie monster is coming! Run!”

After speaking those words, his body trembled and fell to the ground. From his warning, Du Wei came to have a good impression of him, and he tried to hold him up. He sniffed a strong bloody smell, but the most disgusting part was that there was a piece of bloody flesh stuck to his body! It must have been from one of his companions.

Out of the three people at the front, the first one had run away, but when the other two heard that the last man fell, they only hesitated for a while before they stopped running and went back to help him.

Although the bloodied man had fallen, his hands were still holding onto his bow tightly. He was shaking his head as he shouted, “All of you run! If that thing catches up, all of us will die! Leave!! Faster!”

The two companions tried to help him to escape, but his legs were hurt too badly because of the vigorous running he did, and his legs could not support him anymore.

The other two companions felt such a strong brotherhood that they didn’t want to escape and leave him there alone to die, instead they tried to lend their shoulders to help him up.

“You guys don’t actually have to run.” Du Wei sighed. From the beginning when the first man had tried to warn him, that had left on him a good impression of the man. Also, the bloodied man didn’t want to drag his companions into danger and would rather stay if it meant his companions could escape safely. This impressed Du Wei by a fair bit. Even those two other men hadn’t wanted to leave their friend behind. Admiring the brotherhood between these men, Du Wei decided he would help them this one time.

“All of you just stay here. Don’t worry, nothing bad will happen.”

At this very moment, with the help of the moonlight they could see how Du Wei looked like. Du Wei looked just like a thirteen year old kid, so they thought Du Wei was crazy. The two men shouldered their wounded companion and were ready to run, when they suddenly smelled a strong bloody odor followed by a shrill roar…

“Shit! We are going to die…” The three people were so very afraid. But the man with the bow and arrow was decisive. He immediately yelled, “Leave me! Fight against the monster!”

The two companions looked serious. One of them was holding onto broken sword with a tight grip, while the other one that was without any weapon just randomly picked up a thick tree branch from the snow, to use as a mace.

From within the forest, there was a certain creepy noise coming closer…It seemed like there was something passing through the trees, causing the snow on the branches to drop…

Because of the moonlight, Du Wei could clearly see what was inside the forest. Just 30 steps away, a monster popped out from the trees!

Du Wei only glanced once and almost vomited up last night’s meal!

These men had called this monster a “zombie”…that name was really appropriate!

The monster had three legs, but with different sizes! One was a horse leg, another was a deer leg, and the remaining one was so hairy that Du Wei could not figure out which beast this leg belonged to…All three legs were bloody, and were stuck to the body…it was like they were only temporarily attached to the body…

Its body was even stranger! Above its waist, there were two upper bodies! One was like a bear, and the other was…a human body!

This thing was just like a puzzle, made by joining different pieces of different creatures together, its body entirely smeared with blood, covered with black and white long hair!

“What the f**k is this thing!” Du Wei felt disgusted.

“A zombie.” The man sitting on the ground said, “It’s a type of magic monster…this thing kills its prey and attaches parts of the victim’s body onto its own…Damn! It used the captain’s body as well!

He was upset and angry, and the other two were sorrowful too.

It was true. The human part of this monster was very bloody, but you could still see the yellow leather coat and the head above the neck, looking just like it was bitten off by some beast! The brain was already missing, only half of the neck was left, and you could even see into the flesh and white bones! The most gruesome part was that the left eye was flopping outside of its socket…

The running speed of this monster was quite fast, but when it reached the outer part of the dragon poop circle, it suddenly stopped. Its two heads, the human part and the other bear part with sharp teeth, breathed a little and screamed loudly. It stepped backward and began stalking around the circle…

Its roar seemed full of suspicion. It could recognize that dragon poop was harmful and didn’t dare to move forward. But it could see where its prey was and the smell of blood was causing it to be excited…

This creature walked around and hesitatingly moved closer.

All of them turned pale except Du Wei. The man holding the bow and arrow quickly picked out three arrows from his backpack and shot out each one continuously!

Du Wei was impressed! The archery skill of this man was pretty good. Even though he was suffering from a terrible injury, he could still steadily shoot three consecutive arrows!

Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh….the three arrows shot towards the two heads and a leg of the monster!

Thunk, Thunk, Thunk….The monster was hit by the three arrows, but it merely shook its body and turned around, using its hairy claw at the back and plucked out the arrow in its body, then tore off the brain of the bear and shrieked…

It was bleeding, but the monster didn’t care. Blood splashed onto the snow, and upon contact, green gas suddenly steamed up!

“The blood of this monster is highly toxic. If we happen to come into contact with it, then we will die immediately.” The archer had finished shooting, shaking his head. “Don’t care anymore, we are done…we are not strong enough to fight against it.” He looked at Du Wei and said, “Who are you? You are such a small child, why did you come to this frozen forest…sorry, we dragged you into this mess by drawing this monster here.

With an angry roar, the man who was holding the tree branch rushed towards the monster. Gripping the thick branch, he brutally smashed against the waist of the monster! Bang! The branch hit the monster, but it didn’t get hurt. Using a hairy claw, it grabbed the branch, and flung it away…

With a scream, that man was propelled away and crashed onto a tree. As he fell to the ground, he spilt some blood. The man with the broken sword looked pale. His sword was originally usable for fighting, but now only half of it was left. This monster was so strong with toxic fluid in its body. If they approached any closer to the monster, they would definitely die. But seeing his companions act, how the one who was seriously wounded but still shot arrows and the other was flung away into a tree, he shouted out and got ready to fight with his broken sword!

Du Wei closed his eyes….and breathed in deeply

This warrior with the sword yelled loudly and swung his sword in an arc! Suddenly, two blades of wind appeared that hit the monster and caused a serious wound on the left leg of the Zombie.

The warrior quickly dashed towards the monster and used his broken sword to attack the brain of the zombie!

The speed and the power of his attack were excellent, but the monster suddenly stepped backward and a bloody sting came out from its body! This warrior had jumped into the air and could not dodge, and his shoulder was pierced! He now hung in the air, impaled on the stinging tail of the monster!

There were many hooks on that sting, causing the warrior with the broken sword to loudly scream! He hurled his broken sword to the brain of the monster. Bang! The sword struck the bear head of the monster and was stuck there, but the monster didn’t seem to feel anything from it…

The archer sighed. Since the three of them was not strong enough to be the opponent of the monster, he simply closed his eyes and waited for death.

In that moment, when Du Wei saw the warrior impaled on the monster’s sting, he suddenly took out a bottle from his pocket and threw it towards the monster!

Shatter! Colliding with the monster, the bottle broke immediately, and a yellow powder spread over the monster’s body. Then Du Wei breathed in deeply and quickly casted a spell!

His chanting speed was very fast, and in moments, a blade of wind shot out!

The wind blade didn’t strike the monster directly, but accurately sliced the stinging tail of the monster!

Snap! The tail was cut, and the warrior fell to the ground. Du Wei shouted loudly, “Move fast! Hurry up!”

The warrior was feeling intense pain, but when he heard that voice, he immediate ran towards the side!

Du Wei’s gown was getting bigger as he squeezed his fingers and casted another spell. Several fireballs could be seen blasting towards the monster in the dark night!

The spiritual power and magic sensitivity of Du Wei was very strong, thus he was able to cast three normal fireballs simultaneously! The three fireballs crashed into the monster body and lit up the yellow powder, which was actually sulphur…

Boom! The monster was instantly enshrouded in flames. Within the fire, the monster wailed and it became even more ferocious!

Not hesitating a moment, Du Wei used another hasten magic and rushed towards the zombie beast. He began running around it in a circle as he moved his fingers in a specific pattern and cast confusion magic on the zombie beast!

The blue light from the confusion spell was continuously shot towards the monster, but it only screamed loudly from inside the fire and tried to catch Du Wei. But Du Wei only sped up even more, and used seven to eight confusion spells. Because of dizziness this caused, the movements of the monster gradually slowed down and after a single roar, it collapsed onto the ground.…

Without a moment of delay, Du Wei used his last two sulphur bottles, throwing them towards the zombie beast….

When the two bottles of sulphur came into contact with fire, it immediately exploded. The monster instantly exploded into pieces, leaving behind a smell of roasted meat in the air…

Looking at the zombie monster lying on the floor, Du Wei relaxed a bit, and then went back to lean on a tree…

Damn, why didn’t that old man come out…he only continued to ignore what happened just now!

Going back, Du Wei found that no one was inside the tent! The old man had disappeared!

Just as he was about to yell, suddenly he felt like someone passed him an object into his hand, and he heard the voice of the old magician in his head, “I hate trouble and I don’t want to see anybody, I will find you later.”

The invisibility magic of this old man was too great, that Du Wei could not even feel a thing and couldn’t see a trace of him. He just totally disappeared.

Looking at his hands, he saw there was a small bag. He squeezed it and felt some bottle shaped objects inside.

Having seen how Du Wei defeated the monster, the three men were shocked and kept on staring at Du Wei. A while passed, and they started cheering!

Magician! This little kid was a Magician!

Three of them were hurt, so Du Wei brought them back one by one…the warrior with the sword was in the worst condition, because he had come into contact with the toxic fluid of the monster, and a certain rotting smell was coming out from his wound…

Du Wei immediately checked inside of the bag and found that there were many medicine powders. Luckily, Du Wei had studied Magic Alchemy before. He found two bottles that were specialized for curing wounds.

But the rotten flesh on the warrior’s body…

When Du Wei sighed, the warrior displayed his bravery. Holding a tree branch in his mouth, he drew out a knife from his boot. Although the pain was intense, he cut off his wound by himself!

“This is just to delay the venom from spreading…” The warrior profusely sweated as he spoke with a shaking voice. “I cannot cut my shoulder completely…for the venom of this monster, we have to go back to find a temple and ask the people there to use light magic in order to expel all of the venom…”

The man who was thrown into a tree laughed and said, “Great, we are still alive. This is the best fortune I’ve ever had! You just have to suffer for a couple of days…not a big deal.”

The archer looked at Du Wei, full of gratitude and respect, saying, “Dear Mr. Magician…Please kindly forgive what we said before…I didn’t know that you are a magician. I…appreciate your help very much, thanks for saving our lives! If possible, may I know your name? We will remember it forever!”

Seeing Du Wei hesitate, the archer realized he was asking for too much and laughed, “I know, in such a place, a magician would not tell his name to others…but I can swear on my life, we won’t tell your name to others! Having our lives rescued, if we didn’t know the name of the person who saved us, we would feel terribly ashamed!”

Then, he stood up and said, “I, Dadaneier, am the vice-captain of this adventure team…our captain has died already. This guy carrying the sword is called Frank, and the other one, you can call him Montenegro. We are the personal attendant guards of Marquise Lister. We had come to this place to find a magic beast…”

Dadaneier hesitated a moment before continuing to talk:

“We are searching for a magic beast called ‘Golden Eyed python’ because our Marquise had incurred a serious illness. People have said that the eyes of the ‘Golden Eyed python’ could cure the Marquise of her illness, so we came to this Frozen Forest…I personally received the honor of knighthood from the Marquise. Upon my knighthood I swear, I won’t tell your name to others. But you saved the people from the Lister Family. We have to remember your name! People from the Lister Family must repay this debt!”

He took a deep bow and looked forward to getting a response from Du Wei.

“My name…” Du Wei hesitated for few seconds. He would give away his real name. Sighing he said, “Ok…I am a magician…my name….is Harry Potter.”

“Harry Potter…” Dadaneier remembered this name and said, “I will remember this name! Mr. Magician, if in the future, you come into the territory of Lister Family, you only need mention my name to receive a VIP treatment!”

Du Wei laughed.

By using the identity of a Magician, he could get special treatment anywhere. But Dadaneier was so sincere; obviously, he really appreciated what Du Wei’s actions.

Du Wei felt a bit sorry for telling him a fake name, but he didn’t want anyone to know that Du Wei could use magic. So, he just changed the topic,

“Oh, right, you said something about the Golden Eyed Python. What’s that thing? A python?”

Dadaneier looked a bit confused…normally, a magician should understand magic beast well, but why didn’t this young magician know that?

But still, he respected this young magician, so he answered immediately, “The Golden Eyed Python…is really a type of python, but it is very dangerous. Its eyes can radiate the Petrification Magic. Any creature will be petrified after looking at its eyes directly! In this frozen forest, Golden Eyed Python is regarded as one of the most dangerous magic beasts!”

Although Dadaneier tried to hide his suspicion, Du Wei still knew his thoughts by looking into his eyes. Du Wei laughed and placed some medicine by Dadaneier’ feet, and said, “I am still very young, and just started learning magic. I don’t know much about magic beasts…that’s why, I came here to have a look.”

After a while, Du Wei asked, “But…may I ask…if this Golden Eyed Python is so dangerous, how can you all be sure to catch it?”

What Du Wei implied was crystal clear: These few men could not defeat one zombie beast…how could they catch the Golden Eye Python, which is regarded as the one of the most dangerous magic beasts in the frozen forest? Its must be much, much stronger than the zombie beast!

Dadaneier didn’t care and laughed, “Our life always belonged to the Marquise. We work for her and we won’t give considerations for danger…but we did our preparation before we arrived here…before we started our journey, we made great efforts in obtaining a certain tool. With that tool, we can resist the Petrifaction Magic! Without the Petrifaction Magic, the Golden Eyed Python is just a simple python, not that hard to deal with.”

Then, Dadaneier looking a bit shy and whispered, “Dear Magician, forgive my insolence. I know my request is very unreasonable…but we originally had eight people. After departing, we had been here for three days, walking around. Some of my companions are now dead, and the remaining men are severely injured…I am afraid our strength is not enough to find the Golden Eyed Python in this frozen forest…You are such a great magician, I would like to ask…if…”

Du Wei pondered, “You want my help?”

Dadaneier then stood up straight, “This is concerns the life of our Marquise. I know this request is very unreasonable. But if you can help, after succeeding, you will be the greatest benefactor of the Lister Family! Anyone of the Lister Family would be willing to impart hospitality to the benefactor of our Marquise!!”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases



* * *





Chapter 57




Law of the Devil Chapter 57: The Richest Widow on the Empire

Du Wei thought for a while.

Du Wei had heard of The Marquise of Lister before. Her title was not hereditary, but life-long. Such a title was only valid when the person was alive, and their descendants could not inherit it.

The Marquise of Lister was a widow originally. Her husband was the uncle of the current King of the Empire Austin VI, who was a Duke. But, amazingly, this Duke was much younger than the King Majesty…This was not surprising in such a huge royal family.

Mrs. Lister was born in a famous Sea merchant family in the Empire. She was very beautiful. When she was 15, she married the uncle of the King, who was forty something years old. But, when she was 22, she became a widow.

The Duke was very weak, and died when he was fifty. After the Duke died, the king entitled this poor widow a royal title…’Marquise’. According to the Empire Order, this life-long title was not hereditary.

Later, there was a rumor that the King of the Empire Austin VI loved this beautiful Marquise. A few years ago, this rumor was spreading over the world.

Finally, the Marquise had to move out of the Empire City when she was 30. She moved to the ancestral house in the Northern land alone in order to get rid of the rumor.

The Marquise after becoming a widow used her previous last name, Lister. The Marquise of Lister was very rich and famous among the Noble Circle in the Empire!

Although she could not inherit the title of the Duke, since the Duke didn’t have any child, all the possessions were left to this young wife. The father of Ms. Lister, the Sea merchant, also left an incredible amount of wealth to his daughter!

Even in the Noble Circle, there was an indecent nickname about this woman, called the Richest widow in the Empire.

This was all the information of Marquise Lister Du Wei had heard before.

“Oh, Marquise Lister. I heard of her name before.” Du Wei tried to act casually, and asked, “May I ask, which disease the dear Marquise has?”

From this question, Dadaneier and the other people were angry, but Dadaneier still talked about that, “Sigh, this was the most shameful thing of the Lister Family!”

But, he still told the truth.

The Marquise was now 33. Seems like the God of time* loved this woman a lot and offered her incredible beauty. Although Du Wei hadn’t meet her before, he heard that she was very beautiful before.

People said the Marquise had skin soft as a baby, as smooth as milk. Her eyes were as pretty as gems. Her hair was as shiny as the sunlight reflected by the river…you could not find any mark to show her actual age!

This woman had captured the hearts of many nobles, even the King.

To get rid of the rumour, Marquise moved to her hometown, but she still could not get rid of the trouble because of her beauty. Just two months ago, Marquise was hiking with her retainers when she met a lecher.

To be more accurate…This lecher was an asshole!

According to the description from Dadaneier, that old man was wearing a green gown, with a green flute. When he saw the Marquise, his eyes were blinking and immediately approached her. He not only praised the beauty of Marquise with some frivolous words, he even requested to play music for the Marquise.

This behavior made the retainers of Marquise angry. In the hearts of the retainers, the beautiful Marquise was like a goddess to them…

“Shall we check the style of the gown of that old man, and if he looks like the magician…we will throw this old bastard into the river!” Dadaneier said.

“Magician?” Du Wei frowned.

“No, I don’t think he was a Magician.” Dadaneier shake his head, “That gown was similar. But I have never met a magician with a green gown. Mr. Du Wei, you are a magician…May I ask, in the Magician level in the Magic Union, what level of magician wears a green gown? Seemed like none!”

After a while, Dadaneier explained, “We didn’t punish him because he was a magician, it’s because the Marquise was too kind. You should know that on that day, there was a Holy Knight from the Temple of Light protecting her ladyship, a real Holy Knight, whom was called Knight Geoffrey! Mr. Geoffrey was a great knight, whose martial art was very famous in the Empire. He came here for appreciating the great donation to Temple from the Mistress. With Mr. Gefeite, not to mention the fake magician, even a strong magician, Mr. Gefeite was still able to deal with.”

For this point, Du Wei had nothing to say.

Great Knight was the top of the Knight unit. He was even the Holy Knight from the Temple of light! From Du Wei’s knowledge, the Holy Knight from the Temple of light was much stronger than the normal knight. It was because the weapon of the Holy Knight was supported by the Light Magic, and had a special effect. The senior Holy Knight could even use some magic skills!

A Great Knight was also a Senior Holy Knight. He could defeat a normal magician.

“Marquise was kind, and didn’t put any difficulty on that guy, but if that guy continued to muddle…”

The result was so simple.

That Gefeite was obviously an arrogant man. As a knight, when he saw his beautiful Marquise being harassed, he should express his Knight spirit well.

So, Mr. Knight “punished” that fake magician in green robe.

According to what Dadaneier described, seems the knight didn’t get any benefit as the fake magician escaped fast.

But, when the fake magician left, he dropped a word, “You won’t be good because you offended me. Just wait for my curse! You are beautiful, but I will freeze your beauty…just like a stone!”

Dadaneier felt sad, “Although that guy didn’t look like a magician, his curse was real!”

Three days later, Marquise got sick. Her skin was becoming stiff and petrified! It was just a small part at the beginning, but then it spread over the whole body,,,The Listers were afraid, we had found all the doctors, but they could not help. Finally, with the answer from a Magic Pharmacist, they found hope. It may be the Petrifaction Magic. It’s not a normal petrifaction, even the magicians could not help with that.

To lift this curse, unless it was lifted by the person who cursed, or…

“Or, go to the Frozen Forest and find a magic monster called Golden Eye Python, and get its eyeball, that can help.” Dadaneier looked decisive, “Marquise is the goddess of the Lister Family! Every honor knight working for Marquise is willing to die for her! So, we came to this place.”

Du Wei sighed, but he was not as calm as he looked like!

Curse? Was that the Curse?!

Seems Dadaneier really didn’t understand the magic well!

That guy in green gown might be a Magician! Also a very powerful magician!

Curse was the most difficult magic! Even some senior magicians could not learn this magic in their lives!

Du Wei thought a bit and looked around, the old magician had gone already. But Du Wei believed that if he tried to go home, he would probably be caught again.

It was because that old man said he would come back! So he could not escape…

“Ok.” Du Wei sighed, “I am ready to look around in the Frozen Forest, and perhaps, I can go with you. Maybe I can help a bit.”

Although he said these, he thought, “This old man must be looking at me. As long as he is here, I won’t get hurt.”

The medicine Du Wei gave Dadaneier was very effective. Under the effect of the Magic medicine, the wound on Dadaneier’s body had been cured. But, the granuloma was quite disgusting.

But the warrior was not as lucky as him, the toxic fluid of the zombie monster could only be removed by the Light Magic in the temple. So, after discussion, only Dadaneier and Du Wei stayed in the forest and continued to find the golden eye python.

The other injured just went back.

Then Du Wei did something strange on the people of the Lister Family. He got an empty bottle from the back, then went to the burnt dead body of the zombie monster and extracted some toxic fluid and put it into the bottle.

The toxic fluid had the effect of being rotten and erosive. Perhaps, it might help in the future.



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases



* * *





Chapter 58




Chapter 58 “Snow Wolf Mercenary Corps”

Looking at this little magician using the bottle to collect the venom from the zombie beast, Dadaneier and the other two Lister family members were shocked. This little magician collected this disgusting stuff as though he thought it was a treasure, and stored it properly.

Looking at the repulsive rotten meat, they all sighed and wondered if this unfathomable magician could do what others could not.

The gravely injured Sword Warrior and the guy who spit out blood would ride on Du Wei’s sleigh and leave the forest. Du Wei was tying the four malamutes to the sleigh. Since these dogs belonged to the old magician, Du Wei just gave them away generously. In addition–because the path became increasingly arduous the deeper one went in the forest–they would have to walk, thus rendering them unable to use the sleigh.

However, before the two injured left, Du Wei hesitated. Since both of them were injured, if they met any beasts on the way back, they would not be able to save themselves.

Du Wei pondered this for a while; then, he gathered up the dragon poop powder that the old magician had spread on the floor the night before and used some paper to pack it well. While ignoring the strange looks from the injured, they applied the remaining powder on their body.

“This way, you won’t have to worry about being attacked by magic beasts again on the way back.” Du Wei said relaxingly: “You two have wounds and smell bloody, which I am afraid will indubitably attract the magic beasts.”

“What’s that stuff?” Dadaneier looked at the green powder. He made the same face as when Du Wei asked the old magician about the powder.

“This…” Du Wei smiled mischievously, “This is poop–Dragon’s poop.”

“Oh…” The three people became relaxed; not harboring any feeling of sickness or unease, they only felt shocked.

The sword warrior was, in fact, very happy and said, “Great idea! Haha, when we were in the northeast, we also spread Lion’s pee on the tent to repel the wolves on the grassland. Haha… but this is Dragon’s poop; a magician is really a magician! Can even get this precious thing…haha.”

It seemed like this guy thought that they had not received enough dragon’s poop; seemingly, these preferred wanted more of the substance.

After sending away the two injured, Du Wei began packing the remaining things. The old magician’s items were too incredible; the bag he left contained many different kinds of magic medicine, even a small magic crystal. Du Wei had a deep look: he could tell that these materials were used for setting up magic arrays. As a result, Du Wei collected them all.

Dadaneier brought Du Wei to their previous camp site. It was a disaster after they were attacked by the zombie beast.

Dadaneier chose two arrow bags and carried them; then, he chose two swords from the dead bodies of his companions and did the same. Afterwards, he dug a hole and buried his companions.

They originally were an eight people group. Now only three remained.

There was a sleigh as well, but the malamutes had escaped during the attack last night. One was even bitten by the Zombie Beast. During the night, the body that remained had frozen.

The tent was messy, but Du Wei and Dadaneier tried to find something useful in it. Finally, Du Wei noticed the overturned sleigh.

The sleigh was broken already; in all likelihood, the zombie monster stepped on it last night.

Dadaneier was confused as he watched Du Wei use a knife to cut the wooden boards from the sleigh. Immediately afterwards, Du Wei cut some rope from the tent and tied two wooden boards to the soles of his boots.

“What’s that for?” Dadaneier asked, confused.

“These will help us to walk on the snow. You can try it. They are very useful.” Du Wei said.

Dadaneier respected this unpredictable young magician very much. Although he didn’t understand what the boards were, he mimicked Du Wei’s actions.

While on their way, he started to admire this young magician who could construct such useful paraphernalia.

As they went further into the forest, the accumulated snow became increasingly thick! When one stepped on it, the accumulated snow reach one’s knees. However, the width of the boards could resist the sinking force by spreading the pressure over a larger area. So when people walked using the boards, their feet would not sink deeply into the snow.

Moreover, Du Wei even taught Dadaneier how to ski on the snow using the boards!

Skiing was one of Du Wei’s favorite sports in his previous life.

With the simple and rough “skis,” it was easier to walk.

“Right…Dadaneier, last night you said there were five people running. I saw that the person at the front ran away…Is he also a person from the Lister Family?” Du Wei asked randomly on their way.

“Humph… the Lister Family doesn’t have such a coward.” Dadaneier disdained him and said, ”That was a leather merchant from the Southern town. We gave him money to guide us in the forest. But that stupid jerk brought us and walked around in the forest for 3 days, but still could not find the thing we wanted. This time, after we return, I will definitely kill him!”

After a while, Dadaneier whispered, “We are different from the other adventurers. We are from the Lister Family and, thus, cannot force our way past the border patrol team. We cannot make any trouble for the Lister Family. So, using the relationship with that guy, we bribed off the officer of the patrol team to let us go inside. But now, it seems like that guy most likely pocketed the money.”

They kept on walking on the snow from early morning to afternoon. Even with the skis made by Du Wei, under the freezing and windy climate and the snow, it was a harsh challenge for their physical strength and stamina.

Dadaneier was a warrior; he was much stronger than Du Wei. But since he was hurt last night, and although the wound was cured by the magic medicine, the lost blood could not be replaced by magic. In other words, his body was inexorably weaker than before.

Du Wei was very tired, too. Although he was stronger than before after doing the exercises that the old magician taught him, since he was only 13 years old, his body was not extremely strong. Without the skis, Du Wei probably could not have made it.

If he knew flying magic, it would have been better. Du Wei murmured a bit, but looking at the freezing wind, he sighed.

Even knowing flying magic, with his magic power, it was not sufficient for him to fly a long way under this level of wind.

They were heading to the north and went deeper into the forest. Dadaneier knew more about surviving in the wild than Du Wei. From their conversation, Du Wei surmised that Dadaneier was in a mercenary group when he was young. But he hadn’t come to the Frozen Forest before. When he was young, he had been the guard of a leather merchant in the Northeast Grassland.

He was used to living in the wild.

Since the title of Marquise Lister was not hereditary, she could not have her own territory and private soldiers. She could not even recruit private warriors and armed forces as other nobles did.

Therefore, the people Beinlich sent to the forest were the servants of Marquise. Dadaneier was the vice-captain; the captain died last night while protecting his companions.

“We didn’t bring many people here as this place is too dangerous. People with normal skills would probably die or even become a burden.” Dadaneier’s nose was red because of the freezing climate. He stopped and rested for a while. In actuality, he was not tired: he just wanted this little magician to have some rest.

Through their conversation, Du Wei construed that Dadaneier was a passionate and congenial individual, and he also treated Du Wei with much respect. After he came to this world, he hadn’t made many friends. He quite liked this passionate warrior.

Dadaneier grabbed some snow and put it in his mouth. After letting his warmth melt the snow, he drank some water.

After quenching his thirst, Dadaneier looked at the sun in the sky and said, “Dear Magician…”

“Please use my name.” Du Wei smiled, “No need to use honorifics, Dadaneier. There are only the two of us and we are traveling together now. Furthermore, I am younger than you.”

“OK, Harry.” Dadaneier refreshingly smiled, “I guess the afternoon just passed. In this northern area, it gets dark sooner than other places. We better hurry up and go forward, and hope that we can find a place to sleep before dark. Also, if I may ask, do you still have any dragon poop remaining?”

“I may have enough left.” Du Wei laughed.

“That’s great.” Dadaneier’s eyes had a flash of sadness and whispered, “It’s a pity… if we had met you one day earlier and you had that dragon’s poop, we wouldn’t have been attacked by that monster and the captain would not have died.”

“He will rest in peace, my dear Dadaneier.” Du Wei comforted him, “We have to continue his mission. As long as we find the golden eye python, the dead’s sacrifices will not have been in vain.”

Dadaneier cheered up a bit and said, “Right! Harry, your words are reasonable… Magicians are talented and possess quite some knowledge, right? Let’s talk more about you. You are so young. To have become a magician at your age is very impressive! Let me know more about your background; are you from a great family? I ask because only rich families have the chance to meet magicians and learn magic.”

Du Wei remained silent.

He was regretting that he’d lied at the very beginning. Faced with this guy’s smile, Du Wei felt sorry and just said few things, then moved to another topic.

In the evening, at sunset, they finally found a place that was in a lower area. In this location, one would not encounter any wind.

But when they left the forest, they found that this place was occupied by others already.

“Warning!!”

There was a whistling sound in the forest. Suddenly, two men dressed in white emerged from the top of trees. Du Wei looked at them carefully. These two people were wearing white coats, and the people at the back were fully armed! Some of these men were wearing coats whereas others were wearing leather armor. They also had different weapons on hand. Some of them carried knives, some carried swords, and some even carried axes.

The people at the back were carrying bows and arrows, targeting Du Wei and Dadaneier.

They were humans, not beasts. The watchmen relaxed a bit.

“Great, two humans. Seems we met some interesting fellows.” The person who seemed to be the captain came out and laughed, “Oh, it’s rare to see people who can get so far into the Frozen Forest!”

Dadaneier was holding his shank, alert to these people. Du Wei smiled and shouted, “Who is the leader of your group?”

“I am.” The leader looked at Du Wei with contempt, “Oh, it’s a kid…oh, I know, you two are looking for a place to sleep? I am sorry, this place is occupied by us. If you don’t mind, we can allow you to stay in the campsite next to us. But be careful, don’t intrude on our circle.”

“No no no…” Du Wei shook his head, “encamping in the forest, we don’t want to be dinner for the magic monsters! Let us in please. Can we join you in your campsite? It’s only two of us, we won’t occupy much space… and you are a mercenary group catching magic beasts, right? Perhaps, we can help.”

These people looked around and suddenly laughed loudly. The leader looked at Du Wei with contempt and said, “Kid, how can you help us? Are you going to wake up in the middle of the night and help us go urinate? Ha ha…go away! Since you are fellow adventurers in this Frozen Forest, I won’t make any difficulty for you as long as you don’t give me trouble.”

Du Wei stepped forward, “No, I insist in my request.”

The leader got a bit angry, “Oh, do you want to make some trouble? Kid…”

Dadaneier pulled Du Wei a bit and whispered, “I know the badge of these men, they are the ‘Snow Wolf Mercenary Group.’ They have many people here so we better not make any trouble.” Dadaneier looked at the badge of the leader and said, “We will move to a different place.”

Dadaneier had adventuring experience from when he was young. He knew the famous mercenary groups on the continent well, and he knew that he should stay away from this mercenary group in particular… because all of their members were Outlaws!

During their adventures, some of these people even fought against one another

It was common occurrence!

Luckily Du Wei and Dadaneier hadn’t brought many things along. These guys knew that Du Wei and Dadaneier were not armed, so they didn’t pay much attention to them.

If Du Wei and Dadaneier had brought many possessions…these mercenaries would most likely have wanted to kill them or rob them!

It’s not wise to have conflict with them. Although the little magician was quite powerful, these ten people were only the guards on the outer layer; there might even be over a hundred people in the campsite.

Just the two of them were not enough to fight against these mercenaries, so it was better to not make any trouble.

“Hey, Dadaneier, listen!” Du Wei was excited, he was so sure that the old magician was there nearby…

Du Wei made an expression of pride deliberately and looked at the leader. He was wearing leather armor and had an outstanding weapon. However, he probably he had just a small role, “Oh, you are the Snow Wolf Mercenary group, right? You, should be the little leader, can you possibly represent the whole mercenary group?”

Du Wei was right; this guy was only a little captain who was responsible for the alert nearby. He frowned, “Kid, what are you going to do? If you want to suffer a bit, I don’t mind to stretch my body a bit.”

Then he held his sword with a weird smile and walked towards Du Wei.

However, after a few steps, he froze!

Du Wei was still standing there with a smile. But he lifted his right arm with his palm facing up, and made a burning fireball!

The people in the mercenary group were not idiots! They looked at this smiling kid who easily made a fireball!

“Snow Wolf mercenary group, are you going to treat a magician in this way?” Du Wei smiled with contempt, “OK, I will remember that.”

After Du Wei completed his words, he pulled Dadaneier, “Let’s go, my friend. Seems like these people are very strong and they don’t need a magician. In this dangerous place, they even don’t understand the rules of mutual help.”

Magician! This kid was a magician!

All the people were shocked including that leader. He looked at Du Wei, not with contempt, but respect!

“Go away! A bunch of idiots!” There was a yell coming from the forest and there was a very tall and strong man coming out.

He was wearing rhino leather armor. His shoulders were exposed in such cold weather. His muscles explained everything. He also had on a white cap, and had a yellowish beard. He seemed very strong. He wasn’t carrying any weapons. But when he walked out, the patrol people moved back, “Commander!”

That commander stepped forward immediately and stared at the leader, “You are such a shame, my bro, move back.”

Then, the commander ignored his men and walked to Du Wei and smiled, “Mr. Magician, my subordinates were so rude! I apologize for their rudeness!”

Du Wei smiled, “You are?”

“This is the commander of the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group, Beinlich!” A mercenary shouted. His voice was loud and contained a little bit pride.

Dadaneier’s eyes were blinking and he whispered, “This guy has a nickname – he’s called ‘Son of the Storm’. He is a famous person in the circle of mercenary groups in the north continent. He is one of the three heroes of the northern mercenaries. I’ve heard his name before.”

Beinlich laughed a bit and said, “Son of the storm–this name was only given by others. Ok, the introduction is complete. Dear Magician, may I know your name?”

“Harry.” Du Wei answered. “I don’t have a magician’s gown or badge, but this is common in this area, I hope you can understand.” He looked at the eyes of the commander, Du Wei said, “I and my companion don’t have any bad purpose, we have our things to do in this Frozen Forest. I believe, in this area, if there is a magician joining your mercenary group…maybe for a couple of days, it’s mutually beneficial, right?”

“The Snow Wolf Mercenary Group always welcomes the joining of a magician!” Beinlich laughed, “I am always preoccupied whenever I come to this place. Those magic monsters are so annoying. If we have the help of a magician, our business will get substantially better!”

Beinlich looked at Du Wei and looked forward to his answer.

“I am willing to provide some help.” Du Wei answered Beinlich happily, “Mr. Commander, as you see, we only have two people. It’s better to have more companions in this area, right?”

“Please bring Mr. Magician to our campsite at the front, there are two nice wines in my tent.” Beinlich laughed and led the way enthusiastically.

Dadaneier frowned and Du Wei pulled him to the side and whispered, “Dadaneier, stop saying that! This is our first time coming to this Frozen Forest! We don’t know this place! But these guys are frequent visitors to this place! They understand the landscape and the environment in this place well! It’s better than searching aimlessly in this area by ourselves!”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases





* * *





Chapter 59




Law of the Devil Chapter 59: The Fate of the Adventurers

The campsite of the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group was above standard. You could see that they were used to living in the wild.

The low level terrain effectively played the role of ‘windproofing’ them. The stiff slopes at the sides played the role of protection. If there was any accident, they only had to protect the gap in the middle, and then the safety of the campsite was guaranteed.

Du Wei and Dadeneier followed Commander Beinlich and entered the campsite. The mercenaries that greeted them looked at them weirdly.

Du Wei estimated that there were almost hundred people in this campsite. They looked different from the private soldier of the noble or the local garrison of the Empire he saw before. They didn’t have a uniform of armor or weapons. Their outfits were very personalized. Some were wearing a leather coat, some were wearing a leather gown, some were even wearing leather armor.

But, since they had to hide in the snow, most of them chose white as the color.

Their weapons were even stranger. They had swords, machetes, axes, short spears…Du Wei even saw one using a mace.

These people seemed very defensive and unruly without exception. When Du Wei entered the site, there were some shining their weapons and looked at Du Wei and Dadeneier coldly.

There was someone yelling, “Hey, commander! Why did you bring a kid! Ha ha ha, is he the one you want to recruit as a newcomer? He seems like he still has his milk bottle!”

Everybody was laughing at these words.

Beinlich was angry and yelled, “Don’t bullshit! Do what you have to do! This is our VIP, behave well!”

It seemed the commander was very prestigious. After his words, everybody shut up although some of them had an objection.

“Sorry, Mr. Magician, these are rude men and don’t know about manners.” Beinlich invited Du Wei to his tent, but Du Wei rejected politely. Afterwards the commander had his men make some space for them to build a tent.

After a while, the commander had his men to bring two thick woolen blankets.

“These people seem to not like us.” Du Wei looked at the mercenary who brought the tent to them and looked back at Dadeneier with a smile.

“It’s normal.” Dadeneier said, “In this kind of team, a newcomer is always hard to be accepted by others. They are more willing to trust an old person who has experienced life and death together before; even in a normal army, it’s the same.”

At night, the mercenaries lit the fires in the campsite and they would sit around the fire and wait for their dinner.

Dadeneier invited Du Wei to join their dinner in person, and squeezed near the fire together.

The mercenaries treated them much better than before. It seemed the commander had announced Du Wei’s identity as a magician. But still some people looked at Du Wei with suspicion…because Du Wei seemed too young.

Not only the mercenaries, Dadeneier was also suspicious about Du Wei too.

Sitting next to the fire, taking off the hat that covered one-third of Du Wei’s face, he looked even younger…Dadeneier could not stop suspecting ‘Is this little kid really a magician?’

Perhaps…even if he was a magician, with his age…he was probably a beginner or Level-one magician?

Magicians were rare. But if he was just a beginner or a level one magician…it was pointless to recruit him.

The mercenaries were isolating all the other things and focused on doing their things. They used some pans and boiled the snow into water, then the two strong men brought something weird out of the tent. Those were the dead bodies of the animals…Du Wei looked at those carefully but still could not distinguish if it was a cow or a sheep. But Dadeneier could recognize it, he whispered, “ Oh my god! That’s snow camel beast, that’s the drilling cow…Oh, there is one Snow wolf beast! God, these are the things you eat tonight?”

Dadeneier laughed and said, “No, we! We, including the two of us! We, will eat these for dinner.”

“The corpse of a magic beast…” Dadeneier sighed.

“Yes, magic beast.” Dadeneier laughed, “In my point of view, these things are the same as a normal beast…at least the taste is similar. They just knew a bit magic before they died. After they die, they become our food.”

Du Wei didn’t say anything. He saw the two men using the sharp knife, easily dissecting the corpse into pieces, and then putting the pieces into a big pan to cook.

The leather of the magic beast had already disappeared, Du Wei saw the two strong men went back into the tent and got more magic beasts out, he could not stop to whistle and he looked at Dadeneier, “Mr. Commander, seems you had a great harvest.”

Beinlich replied plainly, “Living is not easy. We use our lives to fight. You are right, the harvest this time was great. We have been here for five days, and have gotten more than 20 magic beasts, but at the same time, I lost 7 to 8 men. Three died and three more were permanently disabled.” He sighed, “This meat from the magic beasts can be sold at a high price in the south, and their magic core…the magicians are all willing to buy them at a high price.”

Du Wei looked at those magic beast corpses again…

The mercenaries brought out a snow wolf. Du Wei recognized it. Last time when he was teased by the demon in the Half-Angle City, he saw that in the illusion.

But the one the mercenaries moved out were much smaller than the one in the illusion.

The water in the pan was boiling with the tasty meat smell, and many mercenaries could not help but stop to inhale the fragrance.

The commander asked someone to bring some wine from his tent. The mercenaries were very happy; they passed the few bottles around and everyone was able to have a sip. In this freezing weather, it was enjoyable to have some wine for warming the body.

Dadeneier didn’t forget to treat Du Wei. He got a silver bottle from his belongings and said, “This is my private collection, the best wine in the north…Mr. Magician, do you want to try a bit?”

Du Wei had a sip, and then he choked!

“Cough! What is this wine…” Du Wei coughed terribly, and his voice was getting hoarse. He felt like there was fire burning in his mouth!

Du Wei was quick to grab some snow and it into his mouth! He swallowed a mouthful of snow three times before his throat started getting better.

Bieinlich laughed and said, “Dear Magician, this…is a really good wine! I use the magic nucleus from the Flaming rhino to make this wine! When you drink it, you will feel the fire in your throat! It’s so awesome! Especially under this weather, just have a sip, you will feel burnt throughout the whole body! You will be very warm during the night!”

Du Wei squeezed his nose, “Thanks! But I cannot seem to stand it.”

Beinlich laughed and had a sip, then he seemed to feel painful but happy. Then he shook a bit and gasped, whilst at the same time, shouting, and “Awesome!”

Then he gave the bottle to Dadeneier, “Friend, have some!”

Dadeneier hesitated a bit and then drank some. But since his affordability was stronger than Du Wei, after he had a sip, he acted the same as Beinlich, shake a bit with enjoyment. He praised, “Good stuff! My body is getting warm now! Damn, it’s just like there is a fire in my stomach!”

Then, Du Wei tried the cooked magic beast meat, the meat of the Snow wolf was a little bit stiff, with a sour flavor. Du Wei was not used to eating these things. But in this freezing place, it was already a good thing to just have some warm meat.

Last night, when he was with the old magician, he only ate some dried food.

‘Hmm…don’t know if that old man is watching me nearby…I am eating and drinking while that old man was in the windy place, it’s quite nice.’

After Du Wei ate something, he was much more spiritual now. He then tried to drink some Beinlich’s special wine. Since this time, he got prepared, he felt more comfortable for drinking that. Also, this wine was actually quite good. After drinking this, it seemed like there was a fire running over his body inside. The cold had been expelled completely!

“Mr. Magician, you came to this forest probably because of finding some magic beast?” Dadeneier said, “Most of the magicians come to this place because of this reason. If so, maybe we can help each other. Perhaps I’ve got the magic beast you want.”

The two looked at each other before giving a reply: “Mr. Commander, have you heard of the Golden Eye Python?” Dadaneier questioned.

Beinlich was shocked and said, “Golden Eye Python? That’s a strong creature. I’ve seen some Mages catch one before when I was young, but personally, we’ve never caught one… And….”

He hesitated before continuing, “This is only the outer layer of the Frozen Forest. For such a high level magic beast like the Golden Eye Python, you have to go further in, to the inner part. The strong magic beasts are only active in the inner part, you cannot find this thing in the outer part. But if you go further to the inner part, it will be more dangerous.”

“Inner part?” Du Wei laughed, “Please forgive my liberty. This is my first time to come to the Frozen Forest, you see, I am a young magician and I am not familiar with this place. You said the inner part…We have been here for two days already… But we’re still within the outer layer?”

“Of course.” Beinlich shook his head, “Frozen Forest is such a vast place… We can even say that no one really knows how big the Frozen Forest really is. I heard that twenty years ago, there was a great magician bringing some knights from the temple along, who stayed in this forest for a month, and still could not arrive the other side of the forest. No one knows what the other side of the forest looks like. Perhaps, it may be the end of the world. Also, we only have that record. That time, a great magician of the Magician Party and a few Senior Holy Knights from the temple entered into the forest together. But people said that…only the magician could stay alive. In the inner part of the Frozen Forest, people said that there were many high-level magic beasts; even the great magician couldn’t handle the multiple attacks from the high-level magic beasts. The mercenaries, like us, the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group, are mainly active in the outer part. Our longest travel was only nine days…and that happened a few years ago.”

Du Wei was a bit shocked…

A magician and few holy knights traveled for a month but still could not reach the end?

This forest was so big?

Dadeneier felt troubled…if this was the truth, how could they find the Golden Eye Python?

“Let me give you some advice.” Beinich looked serious, “We, the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group have been hunting the magic beasts for many years already. I also met some magicians who were going to find that magic beast. But they don’t dare to go further than “Big Circle Lake”. That was the furthest they went, no one dared to go further. The two of you…I know you are a magician and I respect the talent of magician. But I really advise you, if not necessary, please give up your plan…”

Dadeneier felt bad, he thought a bit and suddenly said, “Mr. Commander. Thanks for your kindness. But I really need to find the Golden Eye Python. Hmm…also…”He suddenly had a weird expression, “I know your group is doing the beast hunt business, if possible, I would like to hire you to help me to find…”

“Sorry, we can’t.” Beinlich rejected immediately, “Although we are doing this kind of business, we understand that the higher the risk is, the more the profit we can have. But if we know that we will die by doing so, then that is not risk, but lunacy. Our Snow Wolf Mercenary Group is not strong enough to enter to the inner part of the forest. So no matter how high you pay, I am afraid we cannot do that.”

Dadeneier sighed. He knew that Beinlich was telling the truth, so he kept his silence and sipped some wine.

Beinich came back to Du Wei and thought for a while and said, “Mr. Magician, I am very curious about you. I’m under the impression there are only a few people capable of acquiring such a status as yourself at such a young age. Over the spans of 40 years in my life, I’ve met countless Mages, but none can match your level of genius.”

Du Wei forcefully laughed a bit…

Genius that you never met?

Du Wei was like a level-three magician now. Compared to the normal people, he could be regarded as genius…but if compared with the two girls he met, there was nothing for him to be proud of.

To get the level-eight magician qualification at 15 or 16! That was real genius! Du Wei even met two at once.

Du Wei and Dadeneier both kept their silence as Beinlich pulled out a parchment scroll.

“Dear Magician, I may have a deal for you, but I need to know if you are interested.”

Du Wei blinked, “What deal?”

“As I know, Magicians are very rich, so if I give you any jewelry, you won’t care about that…so…” Beinlich smiled, my men and I would head to the north for 4 to 5 days and we will go to the Big Circle Lake, then head back. I am thinking, if you and your company also need to head to the North, in the following days, you can join us. My men and I can be your guide, bring you two to the Big Circle Lake. In this forest, it’s easy to get lost without a guide. What do you think?”

Beinlich then spread out the paper roll, “This is the map of the Frozen Forest! You cannot find this map in any market! Even if you want to pay much money to buy it, you still cannot buy it! It is because this is made by me based on my 20-years’ experience with more than 40 times to come to this place. I can guarantee you cannot find another map as detailed as this one within the whole empire.

Du Wei was quite interested in it!

He took the map and expanded it…

On the map…there were many symbols. In the southern part was the entrance to the forest. On the map, there were the marks of the few towns near the south of the Frozen Forest, as well as the checkpoints set by the Northern Storm Troop Patrol team.

Du Wei glanced a bit, and he found the route that he and the old magician came from.

On the map, you could not determine the area of the whole forest, but after the explanation of Dadeneier, Du Wei had some concept about it.

“Here, this place is our current location.” Beinlich pointed at the map with his finger.

On the map, this location was close to the entrance of the southern boundary. Du Wei was a bit frustrated…he had struggled through what felt like hell in these two days, but it was just a little dot on the map.

Beinlich laughed and then pointed at another place on the map, “Here, this is the place we are going to, the Big Circle Lake.”

On the map, it just used a circle symbol to represent to lake.

Beinlich briefly introduced the lake, which was that it was in the forest, making it a forest lake. But the area was quite big.

“The width of the lake is about 5-6 miles…at least. I have been there several times, but I didn’t measure it. In fact, I didn’t even reach the opposite side of the lake. Big Circle lake, is probably the boundary for the adventurers in this Frozen Forest.”

“Why is this?” Du Wei was curious about anything related to this Frozen Forest.

“The boundary of strength.” Beinlich laughed, “Basically, in the south of the lake, it is not too dangerous. People like us can move around here. But…in the northern part of the lake; not many people dare to go there. Of the people who are brave enough to pass this lake, according to what I know, all are among the most famous and strongest on the continent…At least I, Beinlich, is not this type of person. I’ve brought my men here many times, but we never go further to the north.”

After a while, he had a creepy smile, “By the way, in the summertime, I won’t bring my men to the Big Circle Lake. As you know, any place with water can attract many dangerous beasts…same for the magic beasts. Magic beasts also need to drink water and bath. In the summer time, although it is still very cold, it’s not as cold as now. Now is the beginning of the spring, and the water in the lake has not yet melted. The lake surface is still icy. Magic beasts won’t go to the lakeside. But it’s a different situation in the summer time. In the summer, that’s a gathering place for the magic beasts! What the hell…I heard that there were some mercenary groups with hundreds and hundreds of people daring enough to go there, but they were all killed by the beasts that were there! Because of the current season, I’m still willing to go there. If it is in summer, then I would never go anywhere near that lake.”

Beinlich finished his words and then looked at Du Wei, “How is it, Mr. Magician? My deal is very simple: My men and I will bring you to the lake and I will give you this map…although I didn’t go to the northern part before, but I did my research in these years. This is all the information from the strong people who have gone to the north before. I spent lots of money to gather this information! The icons on the map are enough to describe the landscape for 2-3 days after you pass the Big Circle Lake.”

Du Wei looked at Beinlich and asked, “Dear Mr. Commander…I am curious. As long as you don’t plan to go to the north, why do you gather information about the north?

Beinlich seemed a bit regret but he looked sincere and said seriously, “Mr. Magician, please remember, I am an adventurer!

When he said that, his expression was really sincere.

“I am an adventurer! Although…I am doing this mercenary thing, I get the benefit from adventuring in the Frozen Forest! I am not a greedy merchant! Inside my body is the blood of an adventurer!” Beinlich spoke quietly, “I have been in this place for half of my life. When I was young, I always wanted to go to the northern part of the lake in the Frozen Forest because of those rumors. I was always thinking that despite how it looks…but I know that my strength is not as strong as those at the peak. Also…now I have many people following me and I am responsible for taking care of them! But I have my dream too! My dream is…in the future, when I am getting old and at my retirement without any responsibility, I will pass through this lake and go to the North and have a look! My whole life is here! In the future, if I cannot see how the northern part looks like before I die, I will be so regretful! I collected this information for preparing my future! I believe that after I finish my preparation, I will go there alone. I even believe that I will die in the north of the lake! Even if I die, at least I can have a look at the legendary north shore…To die in that place; it is like a completion of my adventurer fate!”

At that moment, Beinlich suddenly said something that earned a lot of respect from Du Wei:

“As an adventurer, to die in bed, it’s a huge shame! As a real adventurer, the place of our death should be at the point of the highest excitement!”

Du Wei took a deep breath, he respected him immensely, and said, “Dear Commander, you agreed to be our guide and give us the map…so what do you want me to do for you?”

“Simple.” Beinlich laughed, “I only want two things. The first one is during our journey, if we have any trouble, like being attacked by someone else or the magic beasts, you, Mr. Magician, please stand on our side and at the right moment, we may need your help.”

“No problem.” Du Wei replied immediately, “As long as we are on the way together, we are allies, that’s reasonable.”

“Thanks. My second thing is…if you finish the adventure and still can go back…touchwood. But I would have you heed my final warning, the north is very dangerous!” saying this, the commander knew that Du Wei would not take his advice, so he sighed, “So…if you can go back, I think, you will be the strongest magician I have ever met…yet you are so young! Talented is the only word I can think about. I believe in the future, you will be a well-known strong person in the continent. If there is a day, I hope that you can remember our name Snow Wolf Mercenary Group…I hope that you can remember we did help you when you were in the Frozen Forest. For this favor, at the right moment, and if you are comfortable with it, please help us and that’s enough.”

This was a smart commander!

Du Wei began to respect this commander very much!

If only referring to the speech of “The fate of adventurer”, he looked like a ideologist…But after knowing the trading condition, it’s obvious that this commander had a long term vision!

In this event, they actually didn’t have any cost…they originally planned to go to the Big Circle Lake, as with a team of hundred people, just two members more, didn’t cost much. Now, they had a magician company.

Apart from that, for the map…since the commander made it, although he gave it to Du Wei, he could easily draw another one. He didn’t have anything lost.

But, he could get a favor from the magician!

On the Roland Continent, Magicians were more precious than gold, more so when it comes to a strong magician! This commander was very smart. Du Wei was so young to be a magician, he might have a bright future…as long as he could stay alive. That meant the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group should establish a friendship with this great magician at any cost!

Someday in the future, they could get the help of a great magician!…An ideologist but with a realistic greed.

This was the comment from Du Wei about Commander Beinlich.

They didn’t talk at the night then.

In the second morning, when Du Wei got out of the tent, Snow Wolf Mercenary Group was ready to go. The warriors weren’t scared of the cold; they used the snow to wash themselves, and some were using their dagger to shave their beard. These guys were used to having an adventure. They were very strong and muscular; they even yelled and called their companions to get ready.

Dadeneier was a little bit down.

Last night, after the Commander introduced the situation about the Frozen forest, Dadeneier understood well that the possibility of catching the golden eye python was very low, almost zero. Even with the Magician Harry Potter, it was still not enough.

Du Wei comforted this loyal warrior from the Lister Family and then followed the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group to continue the journey.

There were many people in the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group; and they were divided into two teams and searched around. In the afternoon, Du Wei learned how they caught the magic beast.

The searching team found a cave of the magic beast. A towering tree had been removed, and there was a giant white bear hibernating inside.

This was a “Roaring snow bear”, which was much larger than the normal bear. It looked like a polar bear in Du Wei’s previous life, but this roaring snow bear could use magic to attack others. Its roar could make a mini tornado.

The Snow Wolf Mercenary Group seemed to have an idea of how to handle this magic beast. Ten of them tied together a rope, then threw a burning pine branch into the bear cave in order to force the bear to come out. Then they used bow and arrow to attack it.

The roar of the giant bear made a mini tornado, and blew two guys into the sky! Luckily they were tied with their companions, and though it was a great pain to fall down, since the snow was thick, they didn’t get serious injury.

The mercenaries used a giant web to catch the bear, and divided into four directions. Each had more than 10 guys pulling.

Finally, the commander carried a giant axe and moved near the bear, around 15 steps distance, then threw the axes towards the bear quickly!

The bear head was cut into two after the attack!

Du Wei was shocked.

The martial art of the commander was really impressive! With the title of one of the three heroes among the north mercenaries, his skill was just as was said!

Du Wei was comparing him with the greatest martial artists he had ever met, including Knight Robert; Dadeneier was much stronger.

If there was anyone who was comparable, that would be Rolynn.

Among the cheer of the mercenaries, they collected the corpse of the giant bear. A leader skillfully cut the bear’s tummy by his dagger. They first got the bear bile, then cut the magic nuclei from its head and stored it.

The remaining, three soldiers cut the bear leather off. The meat was cut into several pieces and carried by several people, and afterwards they continued their journey.

That day, Du Wei saw this kind of scene several times. The Snow Wolf Mercenary Group hunted two Snow Magic Wolves again. But it was so sorry that when they were catching the second magic wolf, one of the mercenaries killed horribly…he was scratched by the claws of the wolves and even his intestines spilled out!

“This is the life style of an adventurer. Adventure every day, sometimes, someone may sacrifice their life.” Dadeneier whispered, “I was living like that before, but I chose to leave.”

……

Those mercenaries expressed their mourning about the dead company, then buried the corpse and continued their journey…

At dinner, when they were eating the magic wolf meat and drinking wine, Du Wei thought of some details.

There were some mercenaries sitting around the fire who never touched the wine bag.

“Those are the people who are responsible for the safety tonight.” Commander noticed the suspicion of Du Wei, and said, “The night watchmen should stay awake with 100% alertness at night! Because if there is any error, the whole team will die! So, the night watchmen should not drink any wine! But as a reward, for those night watchmen, after they shifted duty the other night, they were allowed to get a double shot of wine as a reward. Also, they get double the spoils.”

Commander also said slightly, “Of course, in case they are still alive when they return.”

After hearing this, Du Wei began to look at those night watchmen with a bit more respect.



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases





* * *





Chapter 60




Law of the Devil Chapter 60: Big Circle Lake

Du Wei had been staying with the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group for five days.

During this time, Du Wei realized he had begun to like these rough mercenaries. He enjoyed the uninhibited rudeness of these wild men and had started to find himself fond of the alcohol. He even loved talking in a foul manner about who was the best hooker while eating monster meat.

In the time he spent with them, he even met a mercenary such as Old Eyed Jacks; a man who was blind in one eye but was responsible for the cooking. He was an old mercenary, but people said that he was a man of great fortitude when he was young. However, he lost one of his eyes as well as his left hand in one of the adventures he undertook. He saved Beinlich’s life in doing so, but rejected the money offered to him for retirement. In his words, he had missed this exciting life. He would rather stay with the mercenary group and do something for them instead of wither away somewhere.

Although he only had one eye and one hand, he was not a detriment to the group in any way. Even with this, he was still able to cook any type of good food for them…Old Eyed Jacks had great skill. He could find food anywhere, and recognize if a mushroom was poisonous with just a glance! He could even forecast the weather by just looking at the sky. He would be able to know if it was snowing miles ahead by listening to the sound of the wind.

These skills of his came from a lifetime of experience.

Among the group, besides the commander, Old Eyed Jacks was the most favorable person among them.

There was an archer named Chester, who only had eight fingers. His left little finger and ring finger were bitten off by a monster in an adventure. But no one dared to tease him, because his archery skill was so great that even with only eight fingers, he was still the no.1 archer among the group.

Within these five days, Du Wei and Dadaneier was also recognized by the group.

In the last two days, the further they walked towards the forest, the more risk they faced. There was one time in particular when they were catching the Disillusion Magic Leopard. (This leopard moved very fast, and it could use magic to make illusions to annoy the enemy such as making illusory copies of itself. While the enemy would still be trying to determine the real one, the leopard would probably be next to him about to bite off his neck!)

When they were catching that leopard, Du Wei really did the job of the magician. He used the Slow magic to slow down the speed of the leopard. The leopard immediately moved slower than a tortoise. Dadaneier then attacked it with a knife.

In the past, when the group met this kind of leopard, they usually lost some people. But this time, with the help of the magician, the hunt went so smoothly that there were no casualties.

The strong spiritual and sensitivity power of Du Wei were useful for many situations. When they were walking, Du Wei would suddenly stop the others. Then the group would be able to know the monster’s track far away according to the judge of the magician.

Within these five days, because of the joining of the magician, the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group gained double their normal harvest.

Even Commander Heinrich could not stop to think that, if they could recruit a magician to join their group…wouldn’t it be perfect?

Surely, after this idea flashed, Beinlich teased himself immediately.

Recruiting a magician? That’s not even something to joke about. Even the nobles or some famous families in the Empire couldn’t recruit a magician. Most of the magicians loved freedom and didn’t want to work for others…

His mercenary group was so small, the group didn’t have even close to the money needed for recruiting a magician!

Du Wei also felt happy.

He was bored in the Rowling’s Family Castle for a long time. But now, he could use magic freely.

This was the most important thing. Although mentally, Du Wei was not a kid, he had been studying magic all these past few years. In these few months, after learning magic, his ability improved a lot.

But in the castle, in order to keep a low profile, he never told others about the fact that he knew magic. Only Solskjaer knew the actual ability of Master Du Wei.

Apart from Solskjaer, all people including Matt were not allowed to enter the Magic Laboratory. This Magic laboratory was given to Solskjaer nominally.

For most of the people in the Rowling’s Family, Du Wei was just a noble teenage who was curious about magic…perhaps he knew some magic pharmaceutics. But people didn’t think that Magic pharmaceutics was the same as real magic.

It’s just like the kid who had a new toy and always wanted to show it off. Du Wei was not so naive, and so he could not show what he knew……now he could use magic. With the admiration from the surroundings, he felt rather awesome.

His skill which, until now, could not be exposed, was Beinlich used just like a ninja.

After five days, the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group finally arrived at their destination: Big Circle Lake.

After passing through the forest, the scenery became rather pleasant.

By standing next to the tree on the boundary of the forest, looking at the open area towards the front, Du Wei could not stop to sigh.

So gorgeous!

It was a flat land of soft snow, where you couldn’t help but to stop and roll on the snow. About three hundred steps forward, it was the Big Circle Lake!

Just like what Beinlich Heinrich said, it was a very large lake. Du Wei looked at the two sides; the boundary of the lake was so long that you could not even see the end of the visual lines. Further away, there was thick ice on the lake!

In such freezing weather, you could not see the lake water. But the ice on the lake was just like a big mirror reflecting the light. It was so glamorous…

“If it was summer, the lake water would be blue in color. That scenery would be pretty.” Commandar Beinlich walked near Du Wei, and looked at the lake while whispering, “This is my fifth time to come here, but did you know…it is the first time for most of my brothers in the group to come to this place. In the adventuring life of a mercenary, the death rate is high. There are only a few brothers that have followed me for more than a few years, but still it’s the first time to come to this place.” Beinlich seemed a little bit down, “Unfortunately, there were quite a number of my brothers who were buried here by me last time.”

Du Wei was going to say some words of comfort, but Beinlich had cheered up already. He shouldered Du Wei and laughed, “OK! No need to comfort me, Mr. Magician. It is because that’s us! That’s a mercenary! That’s the adventuring life! There are newcomers, and also death! Someone died, and someone stayed alive!”

After saying that, Beinlich had a big step and started shouting and commanding the mercenaries to start working.

“Encamp! Chester! You bring some people to walk around, be careful of the surroundings! We will stay here overnight! You! All of you, don’t walk next to the lake! Shit! Do you know what’s inside the lake! Get away from the lake!” Beinlich was yelling.

“Commander!” There were two men walking along the lakeside that laughed, “Commander! We haven’t seen water for many days……and, I was planning to break the ice and see if we could catch some fish! We’ve eaten the wolf meat every day, I am sick of it! Ha haha…”

“Fish? You will probably be eaten by the fish!” Beinlich yelled at them and asked them to come back. But when he was counting the number of people, he frowned, “One is missing…Shit! Where’s Bayer?!”

Beinlich looked around and he saw someone far away. That boy was already in the lakeside area and going to break the ice on the lake.

“Shit! Bayer! What are you doing! Bastard!” The commander was so afraid that he kept yelling as he ran towards the fool, “Stay away from the lake! God Damn it!”

Because of the wind, that guy couldn’t hear the voice of the commander. He looked back but couldn’t hear what the commander yelled, and it seemed that he yelled or said something too.

Du Wei found that that guy was smiling.

Finally, he dug a hole in the ice, and he shouted happily, “Yeah! There is fish! There is a fish!”

Du Wei finally could hear his voice! But…it was too late!

That guy was a fishing expert. After he dug a hole on the lake, many fish went up and breathed under this freezing winter. He was so speedy that he caught a big fish from the hole and lifted it up.

“Commander! Look at what I caught! The Old Cyclops could make a fish soup tonight, ha ha ha!”

It was windy again and his voice came off. Beinlich was trying to rush towards that guy. He was yelling at him while running, and also waiving his hands…

Suddenly, the fish on that mercenary’s hand struggled and opened its mouth. A silver flash emitted out of the mouth and it hit the eyebrow of the mercenary!

Far away, Du Wei saw the mercenary fall down and the fish was dropped on the ground. It jumped a bit and made it into the hole to escape.

Du Wei then immediately ran towards that side!



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases





* * *





Chapter 61




Chapter 61 “Semel’s Premonition”

Bayer died quickly, his body already turning black. Though his deathly eyes were open wide, but they were devoid of any signs of life. His fingers were still in the position of scratching hardly.

His death was very miserable. His forehead got a big hole. Du Wei thought that the hole was formed by very strong acid erosion! The skin on his forehead, including the skull, was eroded into a hole! The brain was lost too…

The soil here was too hard and could not bury the dead body. They had no alternative but to throw the dead body into the lake.

“This reckless boy…” Beinlich savagely broke a twig and threw it into the fire with sadness, “He was recruited by me in Fick City. He was a good archer with excellent skill; I even taught him martial arts… He just wanted to catch some fish for us…”

Du Wei kept silent.

Beinlich shook his head, “He forgot that this is the Frozen Forest! There are no normal beasts! All of them are magic monsters! Even the fish in the lake are dangerous too! This stupid boy! Dumb! Dumb! Dumb! This…this is my fault! I should have reminded him earlier. This was the first time for him to come here!”

Du Wei didn’t know how to comfort this self-blaming Commander. He thought for a while, shouldered the Commander, then repeated what Commander said in the daytime,

“This is the adventuring life! There are newcomers, and also death! Someone died, and someone stayed alive!”

Beinlich recovered quickly. He was the commander, and there were a hundred people looking at him!

He threw away the twig, then stood up and patrolled madly, and kept yelling, “All stay away from the lake! Bastard! If someone dares to walk too close to the lake, I will break their legs!”

This interlude didn’t pressure them much …The old mercenaries were used to it, for them, they could only say, “Oh, that boy was unlucky.”

During dinner, Chester, the archer with eight fingers, was leading the Patrol Team and came back. He looked uncomfortable, as it seemed he discovered something. But the cautious guy that he was, he didn’t frighten the others, he just went next to Beinlich silently.

“Commander, I discovered something.”

The archer took out some charred branches out and gave them to the commander.

The branches obviously were cut by people and were used as firewood. They were charred, but not completely. The notches on the branches were noticeable.

“Seems there is company nearby.” Chester whispered, “I found a place, where there was some ashes from a fire Beinlich covered by the branches. But they did not dig deeply. I had a look, and there are around 4-5 ash piles. By estimation, they should have more than 30 people.”

Beinlich was rapidly blinking, “More than 30? Are you sure?”

“Maximum is around 30 something, not exceeding 40. I am sure!” Chester replied firmly, “From the color of the ashes, they just left and shouldn’t be too far away from us. And…”

Chester stopped for a while and grinned, then whispered, “Based off the track on the camp, these guys brought lots of things, and the things are heavy!”

Beinlich trusted him a lot, because although he only had eight fingers, his archery skill was nigh perfect. He had careful thought, good observation and not many mistakes had been made.

Beinlich smiled strangely…and a little gloomily, “Oh, so, should we ‘communicate’ with these counterparts?”

Du Wei didn’t understand his words. But Dadaneier’s expression was not natural.

At night, in the tent, Dadaneier explained everything to Du Wei.

“In the Adventure World, to put it simply, it’s the law of the Jungle! Especially in these kinds of places, if they meet a counterpart, normally there are three situations.” Dadaneier talked slowly, ”First situation, one is strong and one is weak. If the weak side doesn’t have anything expensive, then both of them will be safe.

Second situation, both are equally strong, then both of them will be safe too.

Third situation, one is strong and one is weak. If the weak side have had many harvests…then probably there is only one result…”

Dadaneier laughed and whispered, “Stealing from Thieves,”

Du Wei didn’t say anything as he knew that every industry had their own game rules.

The next morning, Du Wei found that Chester and some old mercenaries were missing.

He didn’t ask Beinlich where they went and Beinlich also didn’t mention.

The mercenaries took a rest for a night, revitalized their spirit, and started working. They took out a big net with many sharp hanging hooks on it along with some clamps for trapping the monster, and some turpentine torches for burning. Several teams were sent out for searching out the traces of the magic monsters.

In the morning, Chester and other people came back. Chester was disappointed and told commander, “Can’t find them, they may have gone far away already.”

Beinlich shrugged and laughed, “That’s their luck, and also ours. Friends, ok, as long as we cannot find the counterpart, we have to do our own work. Bring your men to have a rest first.”

Theoretically, Du Wei and Dadaneier planned to help these mercenaries for one more day, help them to catch 2 more magic monsters, then say goodbye and continue their journey to the north.

Du Wei sat under a tree, whilst looking at Dadaneier who was helping the mercenaries with setting the animal traps. He saw that Chester was back and talked with Commander for a while, before going back to rest.

Du Wei relaxed a bit. He didn’t plan to intervene in the game rule among the mercenaries, but he was willing to help the mercenaries catch the magic monsters. He didn’t want them to ‘steal from thieves’ and was not willing to involve himself. Since it seemed Chester didn’t find his target, Du Wei was satisfied with this result.

With a slight sigh, he looked at this beautiful mirror-like lake…no one could imagine there was risk in the lake.

“Very pretty, but full of danger.” Du Wei soliloquized.

“You are right.”

This voice from the back shocked Du Wei! Then after a moment, he noticed that the voice was from Semel! This ghost lady suddenly popped up!

He looked back. Semel was still wearing in a red gown and standing behind Du Wei slightly. Her bare legs were on the soft snow land…luckily she was just a shadow. Shadow didn’t get scared of cold.

Du Wei shrugged, “Oh, you finally show up?”

“A few days ago, the magician next to you was so powerful.” Semel said, “I could sense the horror of his spiritual power, I even felt like I was in danger! That magician has the ability to search other’s spiritual power. Based on his ability, he could even notice me, so I hid.”

“Oh.” Du Wei frowned, “Not only I can see you?”

“It’s true for normal people.” Semel whispered, “I am linked with your spiritual power. But if other can search your spiritual power, then he will be able to see me…There are very few strong men with this ability. But later…you were staying with that Dadaneier in that tent. Although he cannot see me, if he always sees that you are talking with the air, he might think that you are crazy.”

“Oh? That means I should appreciate your kindness?” Du Wei hummed.

Semel smiled and sat next to Du Wei. She didn’t care how Du Wei felt, She just sat down quietly and looked at this beautiful Big Circle Lake.

Du Wei looked at Semel and found that her expression was weird…

Her expression looked weird. She was blinking, the eyebrows were twisted, seems she was thinking something.

“I…I feel rather strange.” Semel looked far away. She glanced at the surface of the lake, then the forest to the side… ”This place is pretty…but, why…”

“What?”

Semel had a deep breath and looked blankly, “I don’t know…but I think that I have been to this place before…I feel familiar with this place. At least the view, it seems I have seen it before.”

“You? Have come here before?” Du Wei wanted to laugh, but he could not.

No joking… she, Semel, was the memory from the real Semel, who was sealed inside the oil paint for two hundreds year and didn’t leave the castle before she came to this world! How come she had been here before?

If she were the real Semel, then it wasn’t weird…but the woman in front of him…

Semel looked at the place far away. After a long period, she shook her head and smiled. Her voice seemed disappointed, “You should be thinking ‘bullshit’, right? It’s impossible for me to have come here before, but…I don’t how to describe my feelings…anyways, it’s weird.”

She looked down and thought for a while, then looked up to changed the topic, and laughed, “Right, in these days, your magic improved a lot. I saw that you had used the Slow magic, seems the practical experience improved your ability a lot.

Dadaneier walked towards them and Semel sighed, “Ok, I have to go. Be careful…I , I feel the weirdness of this lake.”

After that, she disappeared in front of Du Wei.

“Hey, Harry.” Dadaneier sweated a bit, he seemed very happy, “Do you know? Beinlich knows that we are going to leave tomorrow and there will be a farewell party tonight. Old Cyclops will make some special food tonight…What do you want? My friend?”

Du Wei stood up and patted the snow off, then laughed, “Nothing…ok, we have to start working. Tomorrow we will leave. Today, we should work harder to help our mercenary friends.”

At night, Old Cyclops made a pot of mushroom soup! Old Cyclops picked these mushrooms on the way.

Having this yummy mushroom soup under this cold weather was so nice, especially after they had been eating the nasty meat of the magic wolves for the past couple of days.

Beinlich treated Du Wei and Dadaneier very well. he took out his last alcohol for serving them. Finally, Du Wei drank more than two mugs and felt sleepy and dizzy.

In the morning, Du Wei was woken up by Dadaneier, his face looked worried and serious: “Harry, something went wrong! Wake up!”

Commander Beinlich’s eyes were red! He was very mad! All the mercenaries had stopped working and all were armed! Seems that there would be a horrible monster coming soon!

Du Wei looked around and found that there were some people missing!

Eleven! Eleven people in total! Missing!

The eleven mercenaries who were responsible for patrolling last night! All were missing!

It was not explainable. They seemed to not be attacked by a magic monster…even if there was a magic monster, it was impossible to make 11 people disappear in silence! Even a bit of sound was not made!

There was not a footprint of the magic monster around the campsite, not even a human footprint! They didn’t leave a corpse, much less a footprint on the snow!

Eleven people were suddenly evaporated collectively and suddenly in a night!

Beinlich sent half of the people to search for half a day, but still didn’t have any news! They didn’t find anything!

“Even if they were attacked, they should’ve made some sound!” Beinlich was very angry and was yelling, “They all are experienced mercenaries! It’s impossible for them to be killed in silence! It’s also impossible for them to leave further away! Shit! We haven’t lost many people on our way! But in just one night, I lost eleven!!”

The Mad Commander ordered, “We have to stay here for one more day! Shit! I will patrol tonight and everybody has to be cautious at night, don’t fall asleep! I have to see what kind of thing evaporated my bros!”

Du Wei went back to the tent and packages his stuff; he was ready to stay one more day. No matter how, the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group was in trouble, he could not leave them.

“Just as I said, there is definitely something weird in this lake.” Semel suddenly stood behind Du Wei.



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases



* * *





Chapter 62




Law of the Devil Chapter 62 “Murder at the Big Circle Lake”

The night at the lakeside was extremely cold. There were trees blocking the cold wind in the forest, but in this open Big Circle Lake, nothing here could block the freezing wind.

Du Wei felt quite cold. The freezing wind, and the cold ground, didn’t help Du Wei in the least.

But Beinlich had helped Du Wei in these days. When Du Wei knew his friend was in trouble, he was willing to stay and help; even when it was freezing, he still stayed with them,

“Actually, you can stay inside the tent.” Beinlich whispered with gratitude. Everybody knew that magicians were normally weak, and Du Wei was such a weak and thin teenager, who still insisted to stay with this strong warrior overnight.

Although Beinlich was very mad that he lost eleven members, but he didn’t lose his mind. The experienced commander understood that the enemy was not easy to handle with as it could make 11 experienced warriors disappear silently.

So, he picked the strongest people as vigils.

The hypothesis of Beinlich was very reasonable. If that was done by a magic monster, then it should be very strong and powerful! Since it dared to attack a campsite with a hundred people at midnight and killed 11 people, that meant it was not a coward and it probably would attack again!

“Because, in this freezing winter, magic monsters also need food.”

When Beinlich said that, his eyes were cruel. He knew that why he stayed here was not because he wanted to find the missing eleven people! Under this critical place, these eleven living people had already been missing for a day and a night; they probably died already.

Beinlich insisted to stay solely because he felt shameful! If after losing the eleven people, he still didn’t know who attacked them and brought all the people away… it would be a great discouragement for the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group! They might have this fear for their entire lives!

As the commander of the group, he could not let this happen. Even if it was very dangerous, he still needed to try and do something.

Du Wei didn’t say anything, he was probably the only one who understood the mind of Beinlich. He just moved his frozen legs a bit, then laughed, “We are friends. Commander Beinlich. It’s not a big deal to get cold because of friends.”

The campsite of the mercenary group was in silence. Most of the people were holding their weapons tightly. No one was hiding inside their tent. They fully utilized their skills. They dug some holes in the ground for an ambush. Some of them even wore thick coats and hid themselves under the snow.

Chester brought some archers and hid under the big trees nearby.

The Old Cyclops voluntarily acted as the Bait.

The old guy sets the fire and sat next to it. He was drinking alcohol, and cooking a large pot of meat on the fire.

Although the smell of alcohol and meat was very nice, no one felt jealous of Old Cyclops as everybody knew that, he was using his life as bait.

This night went on and on as everybody was looking forward to finding something.

The night was too short, as after time passed, they got nothing and they hadn’t noticed that the sun had started to shine.

“Obviously, our opponent is smarter than us.” Du Wei shook his head, “It didn’t come. Perhaps, it knows that we have prepared… perhaps, it’s got enough harvest and doesn’t need to attack us anymore.”

Beinlich grabbed some snow and cleaned the face. He rubbed his face till it was red, the warmness melting the snow. The water was dripping from his beard. But Beinlich didn’t care about that. He looked serious, “Perhaps you are right, but it’s just perhaps. But we cannot leave like this. Otherwise, our guys will feel defeated with this setback… we aren’t scared of death. As long as we all dare to have this life, no one in the group is scared of death. But we cannot lose our courage, this is the key.”

In the daytime, mercenaries were shifting for having rest inside the tent, and Beinlich decided to stay here.

Tonight, there was no harvest too. The well-prepared ambush didn’t have any guests.

Three days passed.

Even the determined commander’s determination was shaken.

He was tired. He hadn’t slept for 3 nights and only depended on the rest from the daytime shifting. Also, since they had been adventuring in this forest for many days, they were all tired.

Even though he was not reconciled to, he understood that if they kept on spending the day there, their hope would be replaced by uncertainties.

“This is the last day. If we cannot find anything tonight, we will leave this place tomorrow.”

Beinlich didn’t have the choice.

But the last night, it was finally not in vain!

The mercenaries were so tired after working days and nights in these days. Tonight, although most of the people had tried their best to insist, at the late hour of midnight, they obviously were weary.

Beinlich’s eyes were very red… in these three days, other mercenaries could rest in daytime, but this commander could not. In these three days, he only slept for an hour in the midday.

In the late hours of midnight, some mercenaries could not help to have a small nap, even the old Cyclops also closed his eyes.

Du Wei, as a magician, had much stronger spiritual power compared to normal people. Lack of sleep could only affect his physical strength, but not make him feel tired.

He was the most awake one among the hundred people.

He took a deep breath. He felt hurt by inhaling the cold air, but this could awaken him! He looked at Beinlich next to him, and he felt that the spiritual power of the commander had reached the maximum limit. His eyes, although red, were not dispirited. Dadaneier next to him could not help to close his eyes, his chin was also a little bit…

Du Wei was going to talk to Commander quietly. Suddenly… there was something in his mind.

A special feeling! Just like he felt something!

This feeling was very amazing! Du Wei with the strong sensitivity power felt that there was a breeze behind him!

He immediately noticed that there was something coming!!

He immediately opened his eyes and looked around!

At night, the snow on the ground was still reflecting the light. On the lake surface far away, the ice sometimes cracked and made some sound, also the windy sound…

At that time, Du Wei suddenly felt scared!

He saw it!

Far away, just on the surface of the Big Circle Lake. There was a sound of ice cracking! Then, in the dark far away, Du Wei saw a blurred shadow coming up from the lake!

The acute sensitivity power made it so that Du Wei could hear the friction of it…even the cracking ice with the water dropping sound…

“What… is that…” Du Wei couldn’t stop to murmur, he was going to remind Beinlich and Dadaneier. But at that moment, there was a weird sound!

A moan, which also seemed like a sigh.

Right. The sound was like someone was moaning… It sounded sad, but abnormally soft and nice. Du Wei suddenly felt the sound was alive, entering his ears and invading his mind!

The sound was long and relaxing with an unexplainable mystery! After the sound invaded the mind, the body and the mind started to relax out of control…

The body became softer and softer, the mind was getting blurrier…

That sound kept on and on, just like a nice music. It was like the soft and cool moonlight; it was like the breeze at night. It was irresistible; it was like a dancing lady, it was so attractive…

Then, the sound changed to be mellowed, it’s like an invisible hand hooking someone and people couldn’t help turning their heads… It was like their ears were going to follow the sound… then the mind… then the body!

Since Du Wei was a magician and his spiritual power was the strongest, after a short losing moment, he immediately woke up by instinct!

Then he surprisingly found that his body had stepped away a bit uncontrollably and he really forgot when it was that it happened!

It also shocked him! It was just a few second ago, that he was still sitting there!

Then, he looked around. There was something creepy happening!

The mercenaries inside the tent, the mercenaries hiding inside the forest, the mercenaries hiding under the snow…these people were walking out one by one, then wandering on the snow, like they were having sleepwalk. Everybody’s eyes were very large but blank. They only had a dull expression on their face with blank eyes, wandering towards the lake… one step, two steps… they walked towards the lake slowly!

No exception!

Even Beinlich and Dadaneier were the same!

The calm commander with non-focus eyes, his weapon on hand had been left in the snow. He was a little bit clumsy and loose. He was moving further… Dadaneier seemed like he was drunk. His hands were like grabbing something at the front with a dull-witted appearance. Half of his eyes were halfly opened…

Du Wei was trying to stop Dadaneier, but he was pushed by him!

He was looking at the mercenaries at the front arriving to the lakeside, and one step was already on the ice layer of the lake. Du Wei shouted loudly!

He tried his best to shout, but didn’t get any response from them!

Du Wei ran towards there and tried to pull one mercenary. Du Wei even kicked him on the floor. But that man was trying to climb up, and seemed like a zombie, which Du Wei saw in a the movie from his previous life. Their steps were steady and walking towards the lake!

“Shit! Oh my god! What’s going on! Wake up! Wake up!” Du Wei was yelling and jumping, but they seemed deaf and everybody seemed like they were crazy!

Du Wei could not wake them up, so he immediately ran towards the lake and cast a spell. Then a fireball was thrown toward the shadow on the lake!

Boom!

The fireball passes through the darkness and lighted up the scenery! With the fire light, Du Wei could see how that thing on the lake looked like…Although it was blur, Du Wei was sure that it was a human!

Right! It looked like a human!

Also…that appearance of that human: It was wearing a wet mercenary coat with wet hair sticking on the forehead…its forehead was with a hole! He smiled miserably and mysteriously…

Half of his body was under the ice, and half was above the ice…Du Wei was frightened. The look of that man was the mercenary that had died on the first day of their arrival!!

Du Wei saw his corpse thrown into the lake by others in person!

……Was it a ghost?

Du Wei also thought that his thought was too ridiculous.

But, what he saw really frightened him!

The tragic death of that mercenary with a miserable face, his face was swelling from soaking in the water. The terrible green color with a sad grin, was staring at Du Wei!

The weird, nice and erotic sounds were coming from him! All the mercenaries under this sound lost their minds and became puppets walking towards the lake!

The fireball shot by Du Wei could not reach the target. After falling on the ice, the fireball scattered. The ghost on the ice was staring at Du Wei with vicious eyes!

Du Wei saw that the eyes of that guy were brimming with a vicious teasing at his overconfidence!

No matter how much Du Wei tried, he still couldn’t stop the mercenaries from walking onto the ice layer of the lake. Then, a big hole appeared on the lake! The mercenaries at the front fell into the lake and sank into the lake!





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases



* * *





Chapter 63




Law of the Devil Chapter 63: Semel’s Appearance

“!!” Du Wei yelled and pushed the mercenary down next to him. Then taking out his dagger, he stabbed the knife into the thigh of that mercenary without hesitation, hoping the pain would be enough to wake him… But Du Wei was disappointed!

Despite his efforts, the guy showed no signs of coming out of their stupor. Ignoring Du Wei and the bleed wound on his thigh, the guy struggled to climb up as he aimed for the lake. As he did so, the blood of this mercenary stained the ground an icy red…..

Du Wei felt hopeless at this situation. He wanted to use magic to help, but the range of a fireball cannot travel far… Not to mention the distance between him and the ghost is at least 5 to 6 hundred steps!

Unfortunately Du Wei still didn’t master the art of flight magic; otherwise, he would fly into the sky and throw a fireball!

It was at this moment an idea hit him.

Spiritual magic! There is still *** spiritual magic!!

Du Wei hurriedly struggled to remember what he had read about spiritual magic, but he felt hopeless because the set of spells he knew was in no way similar to that department. A spiritual magician was at the intermediate level. Based on the current strength of Du Wei, he still could not reach that level.

What could he do! The second mercenary had already jumped into the ice hole. Slapping himself for his own uselessness, Du Wei rushed forward with utmost speed to knock down other mercenaries. Then using a rope in his bag, he tied up all of the ones he managed to get to….

Although Du Wei tried his best, he was only one person. After tying up three people, two more mercenaries had dropped down the ice hole!

Du Wei wheezed and shouted loudly, “What the hell is that thing!!!!”

“It’s an attack from the ‘Magic Lake Monster’.” Semel said from the back.

Du Wei looked back and saw Semel in a red gown standing behind him. This lady looked overwhelmed with fear and surprise. Du Wei saw that even her red gown was shaking; you could tell that she was not calm!

“Semel! Shit! Why you are so late!” Du Wei shouted loudly, “You know that thing? What is that! You know how to crack that?! Oh man, the mercenaries are going to die!”

Semel seemed confused. She was stressed and clutching her head tightly. “I…I should know that…I’ve heard that before. What I am doing! What’s going on? I know what this thing is called! Why…there are so many things in my mind…

“There is no time for you to figure out these things!” If Semel was a real person, Du Wei probably would have grabbed her and yelled at her. Unfortunately Semel is just a shadow; he could only stare at her, “Tell me, how do I defeat this thing?!”

While Du Wei was yelling, he was also busy tying up Beinlich and Dadaneier at the same time. To lessen their speed, he even took out his knife and did his best to stab the thighs of each mercenary in order to slow them down! Although it would be painful for them to have their legs injured, but it is still better than losing their life in the ice hole!

“Think quickly! Semel! Think of the *** way quickly!!” Du Wei pushed another mercenary down to the ground. Du Wei was panting now. He used the dagger to stab the leg of the mercenary. His hands were bloody and he rubbed his face a bit.

Semel looked at Du Wei with confusion, but when she saw the bloody hands on Du Wei, she began to anxiously call out….

Inside the beautiful eyes of Semel, there was a sudden flash of change! Then the panic and pain felt by this lady suddenly disappeared, only to be replaced by nothing but emptiness!

With her bare feet, this beautiful lady slowly walked towards the lake. With her red gown still fluttering under the wind, she lifted her hands behind Du Wei….

Then a sharp melodic voice came from Semel!

Similar to an array, the sound pierced straight into Du Wei’s mind! Although the sound is so beautiful, it was causing the listener to suffer from an immense headache like they were being stabbed on the forehead!

If anything, it was like having his bone marrow stabbed with a knife….. No, wait. The more accurate term should be soul piercingly painful!

Semel kept singing despite his cries for help. It seemed that there were many difficult and strange words and symbols within the sound! Du Wei was very sure that the sound was a magic spell!

Thanks to her melodic voice, the noise caused by Semel overrode the calling of the ghost; therefore, stopping the mercenaries in their track! Shocked by having the spell so suddenly broken, the mercenaries all fell down one by one without resistance.

It was like they had woken up from a nightmare. After everybody fell down, immense cries of help echoed the area! Semel’s voice shadowed everybody’s ears and minds, even their souls! Everybody was trying their best to instinctively cover their ears, but the terrible pain could not be suppressed!

Thankfully, everyone here regained control of their mind due to the pain they were suffering at the hands of Semel!

Semel’s voice was getting louder and louder! The song was becoming sharper suddenly! That pitch was fluctuating and became sharper and higher… it felt like it was pushed toward the point of the wave, and went down repeatedly!

Du Wei already felt that the sound vibration would split his brain! He protected his head tightly. He shouted, “Semel! Stop it! Stop!”

Seemingly unable to hear any of his words, Semel continued to walk on the ice sheet! Her body was light and she kept making the sound wave as she kept going…

The ghost on the ice suddenly screamed creepily. It made an erotic sound and escaped beneath the ice!

“Humph, want to escape!” Semel sneered and that horrible sound wave finally stopped!

Du Wei was startled! When Semel sneered, the voice was still hers…but the tone was…!

It was indifferent. Prideful yet cold, but more importantly, it was filled with disgust! It was not the same as the magical creature that always followed Du Wei around!

Semel floated on the air! She lifted her slim fingers up and her silver long hair cascaded like a waterfall. Within the freezing windy, the red gown was floating around. Then several currents started to swirl!

Semel’s fingertip quickly formed a kind light spot. That light spot then became a small light ball. The sparkle of the light ball was flashing!

“Humble and ugly magic monster…” Semel who was floating in the sky with arrogance and indifference spoke, “How dare you show your poor spiritual magic in front of me, Semel.”

Semel laughed even colder than before. She just pointed her finger slightly; there was a flash coming out from that light ball……

Snip!

There was a creepy sound coming out from the ice layer; then a huge crack extended! Far away from Du Wei, a faint roar immediately came out from the ice, and it separated towards both sides!

Underneath the ice, the lake water was churning…Soon, there were several mercenaries coming out from the lake!

That distant ghost screamed miserably. Semel then moved her finger a bit; there was an aura enveloping that ghost!

It was like an invisible hand, grabbing the ghost. The body was torn away from the ice surface!

That ghost was struggling in the air, but it could not make any complete sound. The miserable scream continuously came. It appeared to be begging for something.

“ Oh…Beg for mercy?” Semel sneered. She looked down on her opponent and whispered, “You use your dirty voice to take away other’s soul with such a dirty method? Oh…let me see what your dirty face looks like…your camouflage is too ugly!”

Her slim hands pulled slightly on the air!

Du Wei was shocked to see that the body of the ghost was split in two by an invisible force!

The body was split into two and dropped into the water, disappearing very quickly. There was a small thing left in the air!

That thing looked like meat covered with sticky mucus. The beige body was just like an octopus without tentacles. There was a little crack; it seems that was its mouth. The bottom part was like the tail fin of the fish. It kept struggling……

“Oh, that’s really a ‘Magic Lake Monster’, you’re such an ugly creature. Still not dead yet?” Semel was smiling callously. Then she stretched out a fingertip, the sharp nail scratched in the air slightly……

Suddenly, that monster got one more wound! There was some green mucus coming out from the wound. Then in it screeched, its upper body and bottom body were dissolved! Semel hummed and continued to scratch with her fingers. The monster was disintegrated and fell into the water. After that, she grabbed something; a green gem flew towards her palm.

“Huh, an adult lake monster.” Semel said, “The magic nucleus is quite big.”

Semel waved her sleeves. There were many bubbles on the lake. The wave pulled the mercenaries who had just fallen into the hole, towards the shore!

Du Wei was shocked!

His mind was confused…But the one point he was sure of was: This lady in front was not Semel! He hadn’t known this lady before; she must not be the magical creature who liked swinging her pretty legs in front of him!

She…her tone…and…Shit, she knew magic! She could use magic!

The magic creature, which is an illusion, could use magic?!

She……

Suddenly, an unbelievable idea popped into Du Wei’s mind:

She……perhaps, based on the tone she spoke with and the attitude……how she looked when she was teasing the opponent. She was similar to…the real great female astrology teacher! Semel!

While Du Wei was still thinking, Semel had walked back to the ground and approached Du Wei.

This lady was looking at Du Wei who was lying on the ground. There was still some blood on his face……

Semel was standing there and looking at Du Wei. There were many stars above her head, but her eyes glistened brighter than the stars!

She kept looking at Du Wei for a long time; there was something in her eyes which was indescribably……soft!

“Dear…the trouble is solved.” Semel’s voice was so soft, like the spring breeze. The callous feeling had disappeared. “Right…Sorry, I promise you I won’t use magic again. But when I know that you are in danger, I am so worried…Zack, you know how much I love you!”

After that, the lady closed her eyes and fell down in front of Du Wei!

The first thing came up in Du Wei’s mind was: Who was the lady?

The second thing was: Who was the mentioned “Zack”?!

Wait……wait!

Du Wei jumped up suddenly!

Zack …… Zack?!!

Shit! I remembered this name! This name was on the Family Genealogy!

Zack Rowling!! The Patriarch of the Rowling Family back in older times! That was…the husband of the real female astrology teacher, Du Wei’s ancestor?!

Ok! Now, he knew who Zack was…… So that lady was……

She……Du Wei moaned, “Oh my god…she is the real Semel…she is not the clone?”





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.





* * *





Chapter 64




Law of the Devil Chapter 64: The corpse hidden in the snow

“Okay, first is the ‘Magic Lake Monster’. It used magic to make all of the mercenaries incoherent and uncontrollably walk towards the middle of the ice to commit suicide. I couldn’t do anything to break that magic, but you, my dear Semel, just showed up and broke that effect! You not only showed me your strong side, but also impressed me greatly! From a simple gesture of your finger, you managed to crack the ice layer and wipe out that monster by slamming the ice against it! Not to mention, the monster’s nucleus now belongs to you! And finally….. You are saying you love me and calling me ‘Zack’, so what’s going on?”

Du Wei continued to feed into the bonfire as he casually talked.

Luckily no one sat next to him because all the mercenaries were busy bandaging their comrades or helping with camp setup. As for the mercenaries that had the misfortune of falling into the freezing water, they managed to survive thanks to Semel’s healing magic, but their bodies are still weak in comparison to those that didn’t.

“What?” Semel’s beautiful face looked confused as she stood there next to Du Wei: “I did such a thing? How come I don’t remember anything?”

Du Wei laughed as he looked at Semel with a complicated expression, “Look…You killed a very strong magical beast and saved a lot of people. Then you stood in front of me and fainted… Now that you have awakened, you are suddenly telling me ‘I didn’t do anything’. So, Semel, don’t look at me this way. If you really don’t know, then we have a problem! We need to figure out what’s happening with you!”

“……What?”

“Magic!” Du Wei suddenly jumped up and took a deep breath. He looked at Semel carefully, “You can use magic! And from my point of view…your magic is very strong! Extremely strong! But isn’t that a bit strange? You don’t even have a real body…you are only a shadow, an illusion! An illusion that can use magic! How is this possible?”

“And you also called me ‘Zack’…”—— Du Wei reminded himself again in his mind.

Only the real Semel – the real female astrology teacher – would use that tone when speaking!

“Do you feel anything, perhaps some strange feeling? Or in your memory, is there anything that can explain this, even a little bit?” Du Wei looked at Semel seriously.

“No.” Semel answered quickly and firmly. She shook her head, “I am the cloned memory of Semel, a magic creature sealed in the oil canvas painting. I am nothing more than a visual illusion related to Semel through her memories…… And I don’t know magic. I really don’t know any at all!”

Her pretty eyes looked innocent and confused with a bit of helpless mixed in-between.

With those eyes, Du Wei could not believe she was lying. She seems to be telling the truth…… Otherwise, she must be frighteningly good at telling lies.

Du Wei decided he would rather believe the former.

“Puff.”

A purple crystal-like object was thrown by Du Wei into the snow. “That’s the magic nucleus of the magic lake monster. It shouldn’t be a fake. I don’t have the ability to kill an adult magic lake monster, and yet, you killed it in front of me and got the monster nucleus from it.”

With a confused expression, Semel tried her best to remember what had transpired before, “I….I don’t know. I really can’t remember……”

At that moment, Dadaneier and Beinlich were approaching them.

Semel looked at Du Wei and sighed, then became invisible.

“Mr. Magician.” Beinlich looked serious from his expression. As he came up to Du Wei, the old guy gave him a proper salute: “Thank you so much for saving me and my people!”

Du Wei sighed but didn’t say anything. Although the deed wasn’t done by him, but he couldn’t think of anything to say, not to mention there’s no way he could reveal the truth… So, he had no choice but to take the credit.

Beinlich took out a leather pouch, and gave it to Du Wei: “Mr. Magician. I know this is not enough for a reward, but please accept it. At least it can show our appreciation! From now on, if you ever need anything, the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group will always stand beside you!”

Then Beinlich opened the bag to reveal an assortment of colorful gemstones…. Every single one of these are magic nucleuses!

These are all of the harvests the Snow Wolf Mercenary group made during this trip! Although the leather of a magic monster could be sold for a nice price, the most valuable part of a creature lies in their magic nucleus! There were about thirty magic nucleuses in the pocket and the quality was in no way substandard.

This was the result of the hard work put in by the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group on this journey. They worked hard for the magic nucleus, and some even lost their lives in the process.

“No commander.” Du Wei surely couldn’t accept these things. First, these people weren’t saved by him. Even if they were saved by him, he still wouldn’t accept such a expensive gift. In his heart, Beinlich is his friend and thus: “I cannot such an expensive gift.”

“But you saved our lives!” Beinlich insisted, “Without you, the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group would not even exist in this world anymore!”

Du Wei thought for a bit and changed his tone, “Ok, if I’m a magician, even if I think your things are expensive, it’s still not enough to buy a magician, right?”

“……” Beinlich felt weird. “That’s true. Although these spoils are all of their harvest from this journey, but it’s obviously still not enough for buying off a real Mage… Everyone knows that a magician carries a unique identity on the Roland Continent. If one wanted to hire a magician, he knew this small mercenary group would never be able to pay for it!”

“Don’t misunderstand.” Du Wei laughed immediately, “I am not saying it’s too little. But…Mr. Commander, I mean, out here I am not just a magician! You are not only a mercenary either. Do you know what I mean? Do you remember what we talked last night behind the snow? I treat you as my friend! Friends must help friends! When one sees his friend in danger, he must help him. This is logical, right? Please, keep your things; otherwise, it will be rude of me to take things from my friend!”

This bearded Commander looked at Du Wei with shock! Spreading his arms apart, he went up to close and gave Du Wei a heaping hug. After a second of overly joy, he suppressed his passion and whispered, “My friend, Thank you! You are right my friend, Sorry! My behavior must have offended you, I take my words back!”

But this commander did have some smarts in that brain of his. He grabbed some magic nucleus from the pocket, around seven to eight magic nucleus and gave them to Du Wei. He tried to stop Du Wei and said, “Ok! This is not a reward! I am giving you this not because you saved our lives, but because my best friend is going to leave! This is a farewell present, a gift, not a reward. So you have to keep it!”

Du Wei laughed and loosened his hands, then he hugged Beinlich tightly. They laughed loudly on the snow.

“Anytime, anywhere, the Snow Wolf Mercenary group is willing to do anythings for friends!”

This was the promise from Beinlich at their farewell. Du Wei believed that this man who loved adventure would abide by his commitment.

As they left the Snow Wolf Mercenary group, the mercenaries gave their best weapon in appreciation.

The old Cyclops made some fried meat for Du Wei. And Commander Bein gave the last bottle of wine, which was made from the magic nucleus of a frame rhino, to them. The mercenaries gave their best two sword to Du Wei. Chester, the archer with eight fingers, gave his bow to Dadaneier.

If they were not worrying about the load, the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group would’ve given them even more things.

Walking along the lakeside of the Big Circle Lake, there were two series of footprint left upon the snow. Dadaneier carried most of the luggage, and still walked in front of Du Wei.

According to what Beinlich said, by bypassing the Big Circle Lake and heading to the north, he had heard that there was someone who caught the golden eye python when he was young.

“Dadaneier.” Du Wei suddenly asked,”You seem very calm…I am talking about last night.”

Dadaneier laughed. He said seriously, “Harry, you have saved my life twice including last night! This cannot be settled by simply saying ‘thank you’! If I can stay alive this time after helping mistress, I will leave the Lister family. I, Dadaneier, would like to become the squire of Mr. Harry the Magician.”

“What are you talking about?” Du Wei was shocked.

“I would like to be your squire.” Dadaneier replied calmly, “I owe you two lives now, maybe even more…you are such a good person, Harry. I like you, and want to be your friend. Also, I think that since you are so great, I am afraid I cannot repay you for the grace. So, why don’t I become your assistant for life? You are a magician. Magicians should always have someone helping them. You need a servant…But unfortunately, I am not a magic student, so I could not be your servant… But I am a warrior! I can be your squire! I think I can do it well.”

In the Roland Continent, many magicians also hired warriors as their squires.

It was because although magicians had great power, their weakness was the close quarters combat! It was the truth that magicians were weak at close battle. So there were many magicians that hired warriors as their squires. When they were in battle, if the opponent stayed close to them, then the warrior could protect them. This was a sort of way of offsetting the weakness of the magicians.

Of course, only the famously strong people in the continent had the qualification to do that. This was because hiring great warriors was costly! Also, if they were hired, they won’t hire junior warriors, because if they did, it was useless. But those great warriors were always arrogant! If not working for the famously strong people in the continent, they were not willing to work for them.

So, when Dadaneier asked to become his squire, Du Wei was shocked.

Firstly, Du Wei thought that he didn’t have the qualification to hire squire. Many magicians, who were above level eight, still didn’t have this qualification!

Secondly, he thought that Dadaneier was too kind and he could not accept this kindness.

When he looked at Dadaneier’s resolute eyes, Du Wei sighed…… Never mind, when they returned, he could leave alone. As long as he didn’t know his real name, even Dadaneier wanted to repay him, he wouldn’t be able to find him.

They had been walking along the lake for two days. This lake was unexpectedly large. They still could not bypass this lake completely after a full two days of walking.

In the afternoon on that day, Dadaneier suddenly pulled Du Wei.

“Wait, Harry!” Dadaneier pulled Du Wei carefully aside and pointed at the snowdrift aside.

Du Wei was shocked. Dadaneier had already approached there, and then pulled out his knife and slightly stirred the snowdrift.

After stirring the snow mound, they saw a frozen hand!

Dadaneier looked serious as he kept on digging the snow mound apart. Then he found someone… Or to be more accurate, he found a corpse!

The corpse was a knight. The badge on his chest had made his identity obvious. He was a level four knight! Dying under miserable circumstances, his body was cut in half by some sharp weapon! His face looked distorted, showing how painfully he had died. The body was frozen, even harder than





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.





* * *





Chapter 65




Chapter 65 “Gift from the Holy Knight”

Dadaneier didn’t seem to care about that; he just crouched down and carefully checked the knight’s corpse. Surprising enough, he even reached out to pinch the body’s wrist.

“He died less than 2 days ago.” Dadaneier stood up and frowned, “Look at his wound…what kind of thing can cut a Fourth level knight in half?

“Along with this!” Du Wei frowned and pointed at the thing next to the corpse.

It was a long sword which obviously was the weapon of the knight. But this sword was also cut into two pieces!

“Perhaps, he was battling with another, and his enemy cut him in half. Could it be like this?” Du Wei frowned.

“Possibly…” Dadaneier looked at Du Wei,“ He was buried by the others. Look, this snow pit was his graveyard. If it was a magic monster, it wouldn’t bother burying his corpse and simply eat his body up.”

Du Wei thought for a while and looked at Dadaneier: “Dadaneier, what level are you at?”

Dadaneier replies, “My warrior ranking is only at the third level. Although my level ranking isn’t high, but I am quite confident in my archery skills.”

“I understand.” Du Wei said, “My friend, you should be experienced enough, so have a look at this broken sword… Its incision is so precise. It’s not that strange for the warrior’s sword to be split apart by a powerful beast, but the incision is simply too precise for a mere beast to pull off. From my speculation, this is obviously done by some sharp weapon! If that’s the case, then this knight is not killed by some magical beast, but a human!

After carefully listening to what Du Wei said, Dadaneier’s face turned serious with grief as he looked at the broken sword on the ground.

Then raising his head, he faced Du Wei, “That’s right, you are correct, I was too careless. I was too narrow sighted due to the magical beasts living in this place.”

“Going back to that question……Dadaneier. You are a level three warrior. What kind of person can cut a Fourth level warrior in half with a single swing?”

With a dignified face, Dadaneier replied:

“Level Four warriors would have mastered the breathing technique. A warrior who masters the breathing technique is very strong. If cut in one swing…” Dadaneier thought carefully, and looked at the sword at the same time…suddenly, he blinked!

“Look! Harry! Look at the chest of the Warrior’s Corset …look here!”

Dadaneier seemed to have discovered something. He lifted the corpse, then pointed at the little mark on the chest of the warrior’s corset, “Look, here, see it?”

Du Wei looked at it, “Oh, there should be something hanging from there before, seems like a badge…but it was taken away.”

“Right.” Dadaneier agreed, “This is the place where the warrior always wears his badge, but see, he already has one on his chest. This is the Level Four Warrior badge awarded by the Knight Organization… On the continent, what kind of warrior would wear two badges?”

They looked at each other and shouted practically at the same time, “The Holy knight from the Temple of Light!”

The Religious influence on the Roland Continent is very strong, especially from the Temple of Light. To put it into perspective, their influence can even threaten the rule of the royalty family of the empire. Not only are they able to collect their own taxes, they also hold their own private military army called the Holy Knights Platoon.

The Temple of Light always trained their members from a young age and will differentiate them by their talents once they grow up. Those talented in martial arts would be sent away for further training, while those less talented would be pushed off to do other things. Once they reach adulthood, only those showing utmost devotion would be selected to be entered into the Holy Knight Platoon. Their duties are always to protect the honor and dignity of the Temple. And under no circumstances are they allowed to break this oath, if they do….

Across the whole continent, only the Holy Knights from the temple would wear two badges on their chest: One from the knight association representing their ranking as a knight, the other representing their status as a Holy Knight from the temple.

Also, when the Holy Knight dies in a battle, his companies would take off the Holy Knights Badge and bring it back to the Temple for worship in a place called the “Sanctuary.”

Dadaneier blinked, he quickly rolled up the sleeves of the dead knight. Due to the cold weather, the clothes were really stiff, therefore, making it very difficult to roll it up. But when the sleeves were rolled up to the elbow, Dadaneier sighed: “My speculation is correct, look at this scar. It was burned by the holy oil. This is a mark from the baptism ritual for the Holy Knights Platoon. Every arm of a Holy Knight would have this scar made by the Holy Oil.”

Du Wei approached to have a closer look at the burn mark on the corpse. That mark was very unique, like a dancing flame.

Dadaneier explained with annotation, “When the young Holy Knight is undergoing their baptism, there is usually a pot of hot holy oil next to them. Then the pope of the temple would use a specially crafted iron sword during this ceremony and burn the mark from the sword onto the arm! Although it is painful for the bearer to receive such a burn, but this mark is the glory and honor of the Holy Knights… However, if they do something that betrays their following and belief, their mark would be scratched out after their death! Because of the vow they took up during their baptism, their soul would forever be cursed even in the afterlife!”

Actually, Du Wei knew what Dadaneier was saying. He bowed his head, “Hmm, so, although generally, the Holy Knights have two badges, but it feels like they have three badges. The third badge is the scar on their arms.”

“So you already knew that.” Dadaneier sighed.

Reburying the corpse, both of them didn’t say anything more because the situation was turning for the worse.

The one murdered here is not only a Holy Knight, but also a fourth level knight with great martial skills!

To be able to kill such a foe is no simple task!

The status of the Holy Knight in the Empire was unique. They are a special group responsible for protecting the God’s authority in this world. After achieving great strength through painstaking effort, their belief in god is deep and unshakable…. If anything, most of them are of noble character that would be the role model of any person.

But the most important thing was….. No one dares to murder a Holy Knight!

Even if the Holy Knight breached the law, or rebelled against their religion, only the Temple could hand down the judgment and punish them.

And not to mention the sinners… Even if the one murdered is a normal Holy Knight, the temple would not let it be because it would be the same as challenging the authority of the temple itself!

In simple terms, if one were to murder a single holy knight, they would make an enemy of every member within the Temple of Light!

Becoming the enemy of the Temple of Light…. Even the Emperor or the Magician Union would not dare to do so!

Anyone capable and daring enough to kill a holy knight would forever be branded as an evil and vile being on the continent!

For example, more than a decade ago, there was a powerful and notorious magician. He had killed thousands of people because of his Undead Magic research and went as far as to sacrifice an entire town for his research. Once the temple got wind of this, they took it as a insult to their control and sent out the holy knights in full force to subjugate this person. After paying a hefty price in lives, the temple was finally able to kill this evil Mage.

In history, there were many similar events that happened in the same way, and they were all resolved by the Holy Knights.

But it was only that! Apart from events like that, the Holy Knights would never do any other meaningless things!

So the fact that a Holy Knight is in the frozen forest hunting a magical beast is completely out of place!

Holy Knights are not mercenaries.

If there is Holy Knight In this deadly place, the only explanation is that they were on a mission! Without doubt, they were going to kill some kind of evil individual!

“I think our journey will not be safe at all.” Du Wei and Dadaneier looked at each other with complicated eyes.

After resting for a while, they continued their journey.

After a day’s worth of travel, the two stumbled upon another grave!

This time around, there were three in total! Just like before, all three graves contained the bodies of a dead holy knight. As Dadaneier looked at one of the bodies, he lets out a cry of surprise!

“Elder brother…. elder brother Mr. Gefeite! This is Mr. Gefeite!!”

By looking at the man lying on the snow with silver armor…under such a terrible weather, he didn’t wear a corset, but a metallic armor. Normal people would think that he was crazy! Metallic things under this freezing weather, it’s easy for people to die in the coldness. Leather corset would be much more useful!

But this dead man was wearing a metallic armor…if he was not crazy, then he might be very strong, he was strong enough to adapt to this cold weather!

He looked clean without any blood on his face, clearly different from the corpses they had found last time. From all of this, it was obvious the people who buried him were giving the knight extra prestige by cleaning him up before burial. Even when the corpse was buried, someone shaved his beard and even tied his hair in a neat fashion.

He was just silently lying in the snow pit, his hands on his chest. There was a long shiny silver sword in his hand and was lying on his chest. He looked handsome. The man looked very handsome, although he was frozen black and blue, but Du Wei could still imagined how he looked like when he was still alive.

“Elder brother Mr. Gefeite…the Senior Holy Knight of the Temple of Light.” Dadaneier was surprised at the very beginning, then looked serious, “He was also a ……Level Eight Knight! Harry, do you know that knights of the eighth level and higher are considered Great Knights….. This is already out of my expectation. Who in the world would have this kind of power, and be so blatant to make the temple their enemy?!”

Dadaneier stood up and sincerely bowed in front of the corpse called ‘Gefeite’, “Elder Brother Mr. Gefeite, never in my mind would I have thought that I could see you here……Last time when I saw you, I was still next to the Marquise. Thank you for that day in saving our mistress.”

Dadaneier ’s eyes showed a clear sign of sadness.

Du Wei still remembers what Dadaneier had said to him when they first met.… When Marquise Lister was travelling, she incidentally came upon a evil Mage. Luckily, the holy knight called Gefeite managed to chase away this person and save the Marquise.

Du Wei looked further away…it was entirely silent except for the sound of the wind.

The lake was covered completely in ice and not even the shadow of a ghost could be seen.

“To be able to kill an eighth level knight and his companions….” Dadaneier whispered, “The one who has this power must be one of the strongest people on this continent! Why is such a powerful person making an enemy out of the temple?”

Du Wei thought a lot and didn’t respond to what Dadaneier had said. After a moment, an idea quickly surfaced in his mind. Suddenly crouching down, he moved the corpse aside and began digging through the snow!

“Harry, what are you doing?!” Dadaneier didn’t like it, “Please don’t disturb Mr. Gefeite!”

“Dadaneier , don’t you know that…… When the Holy Knights bury their companions, they will also bury them with their belongings!” Du Wei kept digging at the same time during his answer, “I heard that the devoted Holy Knights had the habit of writing a diary because they needed to pray every day. When they are outside, they cannot pray in the Temple, so they will choose to write their words in a diary.”

Soon, after digging a hole underneath the corpse, Du Wei lets out a sigh of relief. From under the cover of snow, he pulled out a bag from the bottom. When he opened it, there was a small silver pendant, which was a small statue of the Bright Goddess, and a dagger mixed with a small book inside the bag!

“Look, this is the diary of Knight Gefeite.” Du Wei looked at Dadaneier, “I think the answer is inside this book.”

Dadaneier couldn’t keep his silence as he frowned, “I don’t think this is a good idea. Mr. Gefeite would not like someone touching his things… Harry, put it back.”

Du Wei didn’t listen to him and opened the diary anyways. After a while of reading through the pages, Du Wei shouted, “Look!”





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.





* * *





Chapter 66




It looks like nothing was found at this location. Maybe try one of the links below or a search?

Search for:

Recent Posts

Miracle doctor chapter 376

Announcement, please read if you got this mail

Overturning the Heavens chapter 281

Miracle doctor chapter 366

Overturning the Heavens chapter 280

Most Used Categories

Uncategorized (1,027)

Archives

Try looking in the monthly archives. Archives

Advertisements

Report this ad

Advertisements

Report this ad



* * *





Chapter 67




Chapter 67 “Sensational”

Turning to the next page in the diary, one can see the pages were stained with blood. Apparently, Gefeite had carried the diary on himself when fighting.

Ignoring the blood on the paper, Du-Wei continued to read the words left by the now dead Gefeite.

“February 13, day of light.

We have been searching in the woods for a month. I feel like the target is in close proximity. During the first scheduled meeting of our four teams of men, everyone concluded none of the teams were able to find any clues. The presiding judgment Lord said the mission was to take Hussein’s dead body back with us; otherwise, we will never step out of the frozen forest. The past few days, I’ve always had an aching feeling that I’m very close to the target. Maybe in a couple of days I will finally find him! Everyone is already very tired, but I believe Hussein is having a much more difficult timing surviving in this weather and environment alone. Our people have the advantage of taking turns resting, keeping watch at night, and taking turns scavenging for food. Also according to the gathered information by the presiding judge, Hussein was already seriously injured to begin with. He will definitely not escape us! ”

“February 19, day of overcast.

As you go farther north, the weather becomes even colder than before and currently, we are still walking in circles as we searched the forest. Luckily the other day, our team found some trail left behind in the snow, indicating there are traces of people around. The traces show that the cause of it was made by a lone person. I’m certain the trail was made by Saddam Hussein, except him, no one would travel to this place alone and in this kind of weather. Yesterday, we once again find traces left behind by him. According to the clues, he was heading north to the Great Lakes in order to escape.

I’ve already sent a message to the three other teams but due to the vastness of the forest, they did not respond to my message. A hint of worry was sprouting inside of me from the possibility of an accident happening. It has already been a few days but I still didn’t get any reply from the other three teams.

No, I don’t believe that is the case here! The other fellow teams were also being led by an eighth level holy knight. Not to mention the third team was being personally led by the presiding judgment Lord himself. Even if the opponent is Saddam Hussein – the strongest knight on the continent, his body is currently injured and in such treacherous environment, he wouldn’t be able to singlehandedly take on the acting presiding judge, whom is also one of the top magicians in the temple.

But this situation is still causing my heart to be in conflict….. Is my belief not strong enough? Even if the target used to be the pride of the holy knights, my heart shouldn’t be wavering like this.

No, I must kill this traitor! Otherwise his name will forever be etched into the pillar of shame inside the temple! By using their life as sacrifice, the other two holy knight leaders were able to inflict serious injuries to the traitor, if he were to somehow escape the order of holy knights once again, how could the order ever raise their heads again!”

Du-Wei and Dadaneier suddenly stopped breathing as the text came to an end! Dadaneier’s hands were shaking, his eyes wide with surprise as he stared at the diary in Du-Wei’s hand. After a long time and with much difficulty, he finally managed to squeeze out a sentence in a strangled voice, “said…. this said…… It says here……”

Du-Wei was calmer in this situation than Dadaneier but just as shaky. “The sentence ‘the price of life’ could it be……”

At the same time, both of their eyes become very heavy!

This is just too terrible!

If the betrayal of the strongest knight on the continent can only be described as an unfortunate event….

Then this sentence was like a disaster!

But then Du-Wei thought…. He is afraid such a reality was most likely the case!The three most powerful leading holy knights acted as guardians of the temple of light and led the order of holy knights. But Hussein mutinied, while the other two knight leaders have already passed away according to the text!

It would seem, the traitor Hussein and the two other knight leaders had a battle between them. While the two Knight leaders died in the fighting, Hussein survived but was badly injured?!

Otherwise, with the reputation Hussein had of being a top and powerful master and a one of the three holy knight’s leader. If the church truly wanted to hunt down such a person, why didn’t they send the other two holy knight leaders here instead? It’s true a level eight holy knight was also a rare master but still paled in comparison when faced with Hussein. Wouldn’t it be of greater assurance if they sent the two holy knights leader instead?

It all makes sense now! The other two knight leaders have already passed away, that is why the temple sent holy knights of a lower level!

“This … … This is a disaster!” Dadaneier’s finger and voice couldn’t stop shaking and trembling!

“Out of the three holy knight leaders, one mutinied, while the other two died of battle! The pillar’s that has defended the dignity of the temples has been toppled! My God, this is a disaster in the making! The events would no doubt cause a big storm!” Dadaneier suddenly loudly urged, “Fast! Quickly turn to the next page!”

Du-Wei’s was doing some internal calculation in his heart. Hussein with only his own personal power, he managed to kill the other two holy knight leaders that were also of the ninth level like him. Then afterwards still managed to survive! Is Hussein really only at the ninth level? I’m afraid he has already reached the Saint Paladin level right?

Opening to the next page, the top was still stained with blood, but at this time when he looked at the traces of blood marks on the paper. He felt a sense of bitterness in himself

“February 28th

Another ten days have passed since we lost contact with the other three teams! This is a danger signal. The magical stone that the presiding judgment Lord gave me could not reach anyone or get any response back. My heart is growing uneasy! Could it be, even the powerful presiding judgment Lord was also felled by the traitor’s poisonous hand? Universal goddesses of light, please bless your true believers!

Today, I have finally found something that was left behind by Hussein. It was a bloody bandage, his wound must be still very heavy, and the discovery has clearly inspired everyone. According to the bloodstains on the bandage, we can be sure we are very close to him! Even at the cost of our lives, we will complete the mission given to us by his majesty the pope!”

“March 1!

Oh God! Are you really going to abandon your children? Why! Why would you give the hateful traitor so much favor!! Why!!! Why even after the death of the two holy Knight Leaders and now even the presiding judge was cut down by the traitor’s poisonous hand!!

Today we have finally found the team belonging to the presiding judge’s group! But what I saw was ten bodies! A total of ten corpses! The body of the presiding judge was buried personally by me! The terrible and evil traitor! He actually sliced off the presiding judge’s head, I’ll kill him! I must kill him!!

Du-Wei spat out his tongue!

Holy crap! Even the presiding judgment Lord of the temple of light died too!

This Hussein sure is ruthless when doing business! This event is getting bigger and bigger! The figure of the presiding judgment Lord was part of the core power group in the system watching over the temple of light. For such a man of great power to also die, this Hussein……

While Dadaneier was still staring blankly in a dazed state, Du-Wei was already quickly digging through the snow for something.

“What are you looking for? “Dadaneier was surprised to see Du-Wei’s action.

“The Pope’s warrant!” Du-Wei’s hands continued moving quickly as he replied. “Didn’t you see what was written in the diary? Gefeite was supposed to have a copy of the warrant sent out by his majesty the Pope! This warrant is certainly kept only by the leader of the group; others probably didn’t even know such a secret warrant actually existed. Gefeite is already dead; maybe, just maybe when the others buried him, they also buried the warrant with him.” Du-Wei refused to even use the knife to help; he quickly used his hands to dig through the snow. ”Exactly what and why did Saddam Hussein commit such savage crimes, forcing the temple to makes such a fuss and ordering to kill such a master?! Maybe the warrant has the answers to his questions!”

Dadaneier’s reaction was a little slow, probably due to reading the diary up till now; his mind has already short circuited due to the barrage of events one after another.

Now Dadaneier’s mind was filled with a one shock after another! The Church will have a difficult time recovering after they finish going through this ordeal!

Out of the three leading holy knights, two are dead and one mutinied against the church. Now even the presiding judge of the church has also passed away! This situation will definitely cause a earth shattering event in the continent of Roland!

Du-Wei’s inner shock was different from Dadaneier. His heart was in shock but was overshadowed by excitement. He held an unfavorable attitude towards all religions, especially to the religious organizations that tended to intervene in state affairs. That is why he is now more excited and curious at hearing the news. As for whether the Church will face an earth shattering disaster was something he didn’t worry about….

But what did disappoint Du-Wei was after digging for a good while; he did not manage to locate any items belonging to the knight Gefeite. As for the warrant from the Pope, he was also unable to find it.

“Maybe, he could find some kind of clue from the other two bodies nearby?” Du-Wei can’t help himself but focus his attention to the other two Holy Knights corpses.

As Du-Wei prepared his hands to search the bodies, suddenly, one of the lying bodies rolled over, revealing a snow pit!

Then, below the snow pit where the body was, a hand stretched out into the surface! The hand shattered the ice and snow that had covered it, then grabbed onto the edge of the snow pit! Rustling sounds of shattering ice could be heard as a man slowly sat straight up from below!

Du-Wei and Dadaneier got a surprised scare! Out of instinct, Dadaneier immediately pulled out his sword. Taking a step up front in order to shield Du-Wei, he shouted: “what are you!”

Despite being pale from the cold, the hand that was at the snow pits edge apparently belonged to a human. With the body standing up from the snow pit and revealing the features of the upper torso, Du-Wei could see the face was covered in chips of snow and ice. The face looked very young, white skinned, and he can even say he was very handsome.

But the only issues were the eyes pupil; it was exuding a faint light!

Instinctively, Du-Wei felt a chill! It was his due to his keen senses to perceive danger!

The man sat and took a deep breath, eyes focusing only on both Du-Wei and Dadaneier’s body, then turning slightly as it looked up toward the sky and said to himself, “A day came and passed so quickly.”

Then he gave Du-Wei a glance, masking a mocking smile on his face as he spoke, “You, young man, I heard what you said, what was it that you wanted? Are you looking for this?”

With that said, his hands shook a bit then a roll of sheep skin parchment rolled down! Even though Du-Wei could only quickly catch a glimpse of the content, he could see the following signatures and seals!

The warrant of his Majesty the Pope!!

Looking at the sitting guy that used to be in the snow pit…… Just a moment ago, he was hiding under the body of a Holy Knight! The man sitting on the snow looked pale and frail, but those pair of eyes still exuded a faint chill! And the clothing he is currently wearing…… Du-Wei, suddenly noticed his arm … … There’s a scar! As if scarred with a knife scraping away at the piece of skin on his arm!

The place where the scars are located is exactly the site where Holy Knights leave their “third Medal” baptism mark!

Du-Wei immediately guessed the identity of this man!

“You … … You are … … Hussein? The person that is being hunted! ”

The man with a pair of cold lake eyes nodded, his voice was calm, as if he doesn’t mind the fact that Du-Wei figured out his identity. “You are very clever. Yes, I am Saddam Hussein. My injuries are very heavy and probably couldn’t run away, and two eighth-level knights are already onto my whereabouts, I cannot run far so I can only find a place to hide. They will search everywhere in this vicinity, the only exception to this is that they won’t dig the tomb of their fallen comrades. Unfortunately, you almost ruined my plans.”

With that, his mouth broke into a slight sneer.

Dadaneier have already straightened his arms, pointing his weapon towards this person!

Hussein! This guy is Hussein! The strongest knight on the continent!

He looked extremely weak with a pale complexion, his upper-body was thickly laced and bandaged, although the tone of his voice was calm, it was difficult to disguise his current weakened state.

Watching Dadaneier’s blade, Hussein smiled. “Well, so you think that a knife will be able to deal with me just because of my injury? I’m sorry, you coincidently happened to stumble upon my whereabouts, so both of you are going to die.”

His voice was already scratchy to the extreme, but his tone of voice still wielded absolute power, confidence and certainty of being in control! As for the blade in Dadaneier’s hand, he doesn’t even seem to have a need to even look at it!



* * *





Chapter 68




Chapter 68 “Battle Between Magic and Sword”

This guy ignored Dadaneier and suddenly used his three fingers like a blade and slashed!

Whew!

Right before he accurately hit the tip of Dadaneier’s sword, Du Wei could see a golden light coming from Hussein’s palm! Dadaneier was shocked by what he saw so he jumped backwards to dodge. When he landed, his sword was already broken in two and the pieces were shattered across the snow. Spitting out a mouthful of blood, he dropped to the floor in agony!

A third level Warrior like Dadaneier is surely no match for someone like Hussein… Even if Hussein is suffering from heavy injury, he is after all the knight that stands at the peak of all warriors on the continent!

Despite having mixed feelings of anger and fear, Du Wei still managed to cry out, “Dadaneier!” Without hesitation, he made some hand gestures and shot out two wind blades towards the hated Hussein. Du Wei knew his weak attempt at saving his friend is futile, but he still had to try. On top of his offensive wind spell, he also conjured up a confusion spell to boost his chances of success.

Seeing the pace Du Wei was able to conjure up so many spells against him, even Hussein was surprised. But as the strongest knight on the continent, he did not lose his composure for long despite his injuries. Moving a finger, this all powerful enemy was easily able to deflect all of the assaults sent out by Du Wei. As for that that confusion magic, all he had to do was wave his hand and the low level magic was dispersed and sent back to the caster!

After exhausting all of his energy, Du Wei could not muster anymore energy to repel his own spell and fell under the effect of his own efforts!

As he fell down to ground, he was inwardly scolding himself: “Must I be the first magician to get attacked by my own magic on this continent? Dadaneier… Oh god, how is he? Will he be killed by that guy?”

The old magician…. The old man, why didn’t he show any response to all of this? Is he not nearby?

Where is Semel? Even Semel is hiding?!

“Little kid, are you a magician?” Hussein is already off the snow and standing upright. Although he is wrapped in countless bandages, the expression on this guy seems to show no pain.

Du Wei was still lying on the floor, unable to get up to face his foe due to his own confusion magic.

Luckily, his spiritual powers were strong and he just needed to bite his lips to break out of his own spell.

Further away, Dadaneier was already awake and sitting upright on the ground. Despite puking blood out of his mouth still, this third level warrior still managed to pull out his bow for one last attempt. Using the arrow given to him by the snow wolf mercenary group, he mustered up every ounce of his remaining strength and poured it all into the arrow before firing it off towards Hussein…..

Buzz!

Although Hussein knew the arrow is aiming for his head, but the knight didn’t bother to dodge and only sneered in contempt. Using two of his fingers, he caught the arrow in midflight and clipped it in two!

“Great shot, but your speed is too slow.” Hussein carelessly threw the arrow back towards the owner. Buzz! The returning arrow pierced straight through Dadaneier’s shoulder! Under the terrifying power of the arrow, the third level warrior was sent flying 5 to 6 meters away, nailing him against a hulking tree further behind him! Due to the shockwave of having someone slam into its trunk, the snow on top of the tree all fell down, thus, muffling some of the screaming cries of the fallen Dadeneier!

Normally, an arrow wouldn’t cause so much pain, but the arrows from the Snow Wolf Mercenary all had hooks on the tips! It’s terribly painful when one’s body is pierced by such a weapon due to the flesh ripping effect of the hooks!

Hussein sneered as walked towards Du Wei. His face changing from contempt to a form of anger: “Sorry, although there is no grudge among us, but I have to kill both of you… And in my life, I hate magicians the most!”

Seeing how the knight is ready to slash down at him with his sword like hands, Du Wei had no doubt in his mind that he would meet his end if he succeeds.

Struggling to push Hussein’s leg away, Du Wei felt despair in his attempt because the guy was just like a mountain, impossible to move!

Hussein watched with mocking eyes as he casually swung down…

At that moment, there was some mysterious dark air coming out from Du Wei! Then in a blink of an eye, Du Wei suddenly disappeared in front of Hussein! From where he originally was, his voice could be heard from 3 meters away! Slightly stunned, Hussein could feel the surrounding air currents beginning to wrap itself around his body.

Hussein forcefully waived his hands through the air currents as a golden lights flashed across his body. Then in a single breath of bursting energy, the constricting air currents were scattered about. Unfortunately for Hussein, there is an unlimited supply of air in the world. Once he lowered his energy output, the air currents immediately reformed and began to tie around his body again…..

“Oh, binding magic?” Hussein had a hint of surprise in his expression before his face turned into a mocking smile: “You really think that such magic can stop me?”

Amongst his laughs, the knight suddenly spread his arms apart and made a expanding gesture…..

Within Du Wei’s limited line of sight, he could see a golden light expanding in the motion of a burning flame! Even the air under the burning golden flames looked like it was dyed in a golden light! Under this expanding flame, the air currents binding the knight began to spread outward uncontrollably!

Hussein looked at the currently sitting Du Wei before reaching out his hand like he was trying to grasp onto something. Then in mere moments, a sword appeared in the grasp of his hand!

Obviously, this sword is not a real physical sword, but a sword made out of pure light! In a single swing of his hand, the knight threw the light sword towards Du Wei!

As fast as lightning, this sword was already in front of Du Wei. Already prepared to die under such an attack, Du Wei closed his eyes and waited for his imminent death. Luckily for him, it was at this moment a silvery light appeared around his body.

From this mysterious light, a mirror like barrier formed to stand in-between the light sword and Du Wei.

As if the two opposing forces were able to cancel each other out, the silvery mirror and the light sword collided together and disappeared from existence.

“Oh! Magic shield.” Hussein frowned, “I guess I have misjudged a little kid like you. Your magic level is not bad!”

Du Wei’s face lightened up as he shouted, “Semel, is that you?”

Semel had already shown up behind Hussein. Her silvery hair flapping in the wind made her look ever so majestic, “No matter who you are, you cannot hurt Zack!”

With that, a silvery light appeared around her body as she clapped her hands together. Propelling herself towards Hussein, the light around her body turned into numerous light meteors and shot towards the knight!



Hussein yelled and turned around, facing the meteors. This top knight suddenly expanded with the golden flame. This time, he grabbed a bit, and the long sword of Gefeite was already in his hand! Compared with the meteors, his speed was a bit slow. He slowly used his sword and drew a circle…

Suddenly, there was a weird twist! Although the meteors were much faster than the speed of Hussein, the meteors still could not attack Hussein before he finished the drawing. The circle suddenly turned into a light orb around him and acted as a shield, protecting him from the meteors attack…

Semel was shocked too. Obviously, the power of Hussein was out of her expectation. The female astrology teacher felt gloomy, and she jumped suddenly. Her white pretty legs left the snow too, she spread out her arms like she was going to cuddle the sky. Her fingers moved smoothly and started spelling!

At the moment, everything started to change!

The sunny sky changed into cloudy! The breeze started roaring, the clouds gathered! The clouds in the sky were getting thicker and darker! The sun was shaded by the cloud, even…

Shit! There was lightening among the cloud!

Looking like a goddess as she floated in the air, Semel pointed a finger at Hussein, “Come on! The strongest knight of the continent, show me your strength!”

With a serious face, Hussein shouted towards the clouds in the sky, “Who are you! For such a powerful mage, why are you doing so many shady attacks! Are you afraid of coming before me?!”





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 69




Chapter 69 “Wheel of Time”

In no way is this batter fair. As much as Hussein tried to figure out the location of his new found enemy, he could not do so because Semel is a magic creature and can only be seen by Du Wei.

As if in response to Hussein’s cry, the pressuring cloud got lower and lower. Then with terrifying boom, a thunderous lighting strike came crashing down towards where Hussein was located.

Without any fear, Hussein lifted his sword and pointed towards the clouded sky. Without hesitation, his entire body was cloaked in a bright golden light as he slashed down against the incoming attack…. Du Wei rubbed his eyes in disbelief because he thought he was seeing things!

This Hussein actually chopped the lightning in two!

In a loud BOOM, half of the lightning landed on the ground and the thick icy snow had long been melted due to the residual electric currents! From powerful air currents created by the impact, Du Wei was sent rolling through the ground. Looking over at the culprit for all of this, Du Wei could see the impact had left a huge crater in where Hussein stood. Although the guy was covered in wounds and his sword was still pointing up at the sky, but his stature looked so mighty that one might mistake him for a war god!

”Ha ha ha ha! You really think that I cannot see you!” Hussein sneered as he suddenly used his finger to prick at his other arm. Then using his blood, he rubbed it across his eyes before chanting some weird spell…..

Very soon, Hussein’s eyes turned red like it was possessed. The next moment he looked up at the sky again, his gaze focused onto where the hidden Semel was located: “Ah! I can see you now!”

After that, Hussein bent a bit before propelling himself off the ground. Like an arrow, he shot himself into the air and directly headed to where Semel was flying in the sky!

Seeing the danger coming her way, Semel gently raised her hands to ready her defenses. From her simple gesture, wave like ripples fluctuated in the air to create countless barriers in front of her. Unfortunately, Hussein’s sword was just like a burning knife cutting through a snow pile. Barrier after barrier, her defense shattered upon impact. In the end, the knight’s sword stabbed right into Semel’s left arm!

Seeing this, Du Wei instinctively cries out for the knight to stop, but Semel show any signs of distress. Instead of pain, this magic creature only lets out a cold mocking laugh: “You are strong… But I don’t have a physical body for you to hurt me!”

With that, Semel’s hand reached out and touched the knight in the chest….. From her simple action, a red searing flame exploded from her palm, causing the knight to let out a painful cry! Dropping his sword, the knight was sent flying through the air for at least 10 meters before falling to the ground!

After crashing into a mound of snow, Hussein struggled to stand up. With his chest burnt black from the explosion, the bandages he so painstakingly wrapped around his body started to come undone, thus, revealing all the hideous wounds on his body. Instead of showing pain, the knight had a joyous smile on his face: “Oh, you don’t have a body? Does that mean you are using an illusion to fight with me?”

Semel’s smile suddenly solidified! She was shocked to find that the knight’s sword was still stabbed into her arm!

From the edges of this sword, a black smoke quickly began to seep out from the weapon. This smoke seems to be able to hurt her by slowly eroding her body like a corrosive acid!

“When you were able to hide your presence in front of me, I already knew that you might be using some kind of magic clone to fight with me!” Hussein gasped desperately because of his heavy injuries. Unable to stand up, he finally fell down to the ground: “This new set of magic I know has never been used before, you are the first!”

Semel looked to be in a lot of pain before showing a decisive look in her eyes. Then raising her right arm, she chopped down at her other arm! After her decisive move, the severed arm didn’t even reach the ground before disappearing completely!

Just like the knight, her body shuttered in pain before falling down to the ground. With a missing arm, she struggled to crawl up to Du Wei: “Zack! I’m sorry…. He is very powerful… So I couldn’t defeat him without my real body….”

With that, a silvery light flashed across her body to reform her missing limb. Although her body looked to be restored, but the light of her image seems to have faded by quite a bit.

“Ha ha….” Hussein barely manages to laugh: “Miss Mage, I don’t know who you are, but you are strong! Fortunately for me, you decided to use an illusion copy to fight with me; therefore, you are limited to only half your strength! By doing this, you are just asking to be shamed! On this continent, there are no magician alive capable of defeating me by only using half their strength!”

He could not even stand properly as he said this, but he somehow managed to wave his hand through the air!

From his gesture, a golden Dou Qi came shooting out from his palm like a flying knife. Flying across the snow, this single attack managed to fell at least 10 trees in its wake! Then as if being possessed, the Dou Qi Hussein sent out began to wrap itself around the fallen trees. Letting out a sneer, Hussein directed the 10 flying hulking masses towards Du Wei at amazing speed!

With decisive eyes, Semel grabbed onto Du Wei and threw him far into the distance! After landing, Du Wei took a glance back at where he was before and saw that all the trees had been stopped in midflight due to Semel’s magic.

Seeing this, Hussein didn’t seem disappointed lets out a cold laugh: “But how long can your magic last, Miss Mage?! There are many more trees around us!”

Without delay, he continued to send even more trees against Semel!

Unable to hold it any longer, Semel lets out a final yell: “Let’s die together!”

With that, her red gown began to blaze with searing red flames!

Like a burning ball of flame, her body melded into the very core of her magic as she flew towards her enemy. Seeing this, Hussein lets out a cry of distress. Mustering up his last bit of strength, he stood up and used the last of his power to form a shield in front of his body to fend off the oncoming magic attack. Upon impact, the only sensation Hussein could feel is the burning pain of his Dou Qi being incinerated by the dark flames against his body.

This bodily flame of Semel is truly terrifying! Even Du Wei that was watching from afar could feel the searing heat from where he sat. It’s no imagination because the icy layer on top of the nearby lake was completely melted in this frigid temperature and even steams were coming off the surface! Struggling to stand upright, Du Wei yells out in pain: “Semel!”

When he called out, his mind suddenly recalled the six magic spell little Vivian had taught him.

In his current state, Du Wei is incapable of using any of the spells because he will be sucked dry like a mummy by the spells!

But at this moment, Du Wei didn’t have a choice.

For him, Semel is not only a magic creature, but also a friend that likes to prank him with her unclothed swinging legs!

Doing his best to support himself upright, Du Wei raised his hands into the air and took a deep breath before starting his incantation…..

When he said the first word in the incantation, he could already feel something akin to a dark hole sucking up his magic reserve!

Nearly collapsing due to the sudden shock, he was only able to keep himself standing due to sheer mental perseverance! Pushing his senses to the limit, he focused everything on supporting casting his spell!

After Du Wei finished his first spell… Around a hundred meters from Du Wei, the dimensional space began to distort like everything was beginning to slow down!

From the evaporation of the water, the burning flame created by Semel, and the melting snow on the ground. Everything slowed to a halt….

Despite this, Du Wei continued to use his weak voice to keep up the spell incantation. As he does this, he could clearly feel his life leaving his body when his body began to age uncontrollably.

Although he was suffering, but he still kept going!

As though an invisible hand stopped the dial in time, everything around him slowed to a halt. He knew his effort was successful, but his magic reserve was almost completely depleted!

No, it’s not enough!

Du Wei was yelling inside his heart because his power really couldn’t support such a high class magic spell! Not only was his clothes starting to rip itself to shreds, but he could also feel his spirit being squeezed due to the spell wanting more energy!

At this point, Du Wei felt like he could not even say the spell words anymore. Using all of his strength, only a weak murmur could be heard from his voice…..

The space and time have stopped!

It was an amazing moment.

Hussein still kept standing where he was and the flames of Semel was still pushing against Hussein’s body!

Du Wei tried his best to step forward and shouted, ” Ch…..ro….Chro….no Trig…ger”

Before he could finish his words, his consciousness had already fainted.

Luckily, the god was still blessing our little noble.

Someone from the side helped him finish the spell!

”Chrono Trigger! Return!”

After the old yet calm voice said this, a white shadowy figure came flying out from the forest. Opening both of his hand, this mysterious figure winded back time like he was driving a time dial!

The old magician, Vivian’s teacher, finally showed up.

His face looked serious as he chanted the spell in a very fast manner….. His spell was exactly the same as Du Wei’s earlier!

Then the dimension twisted again!

The flames turned backward and disappeared. Finally, the Semel turned fireball reverted back to her previous form and a faintly looking Semel showed up on the floor…..

All the flames were gone and even the ashes from the burnt branches turned back into their original form…

This scene was just like a rewinding tape from his previous life!

The old magician looked serious the entire time. As soon as the time was reverted back to when Semel was surrounded by the sharp branches, the old Mage stopped in relief.

Then with a wave of his hand, the branches floating in the air was thrown away by a strong wind.

When the time recovered and began to move smoothly again, the old magician immediately ran towards Hussein. Pulling out a bottle of strange liquid from his gown, the old guy hastily poured the liquid into the knight’s mouth.

The feeble looking Hussein did not say anything as he looked at the old magician. From his eyes, the hostility from before suddenly disappeared and the knight even tried to smile.

Next, the old magician hastily flew towards Semel. With a serious and complicated expression, his eyes seem to be filled with regret as he looked down at the red robed lady. Then with a sigh, the old guy pulled out a white bottle from his gown and poured a single drop of silvery liquid onto his finger. Pausing a moment in thought, he then poured another two drops of the liquid and fed it into Semel’s mouth.

After in taking the liquid, Semel’s nearly transparent body finally regained some light.

The old magician finally relaxed before running over to Du Wei. He gave a total of three bottles of magic medicine to Du Wei; these were the supplements which many high level magician used for recovery.

Du Wei’s skin was moisturized again, and he woke up from his coma and coughed. Because of the coma, his lung lacked oxygen, so he needed to cough a bit in order to breathe normally!

The old magician was so angry, he stood up and scolded Hussein like father would scold a son.

He pointed at Hussein who was lying on the ground, “You! Stupid kid! When can you get rid of your arrogant and bad temper?”

Then he looked at Du Wei and scolded, “You! You are even more stupid! Do you think that your magic power is enough for using Chrono Trigger? If I was not here, you probably would’ve died already!”

Finally, he looked at Semel, and there was some complicated feelings…like….love?

“Semel…Oh My god, I knew that you were still alive!” The magician was shaking, “Semel…are you really Semel….I know it’s you!”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 70




Chapter 70 “New Companions”

The old man’s voice trembled with emotion, even his white beard was gently shaking.

Du-Wei had a sudden recollection of what Courtenay Semel said to him the other day. It is true he can see Courtenay Semel!

This situation is becoming much more complicated. This old magician actually knows Courtenay Semel, while also an acquaintance of Hussein – the traitor who rebelled against the church and is the strongest knight on the continent.

Courtenay Semel have awaken. Even though she still looked very weak, there seems to be no apparent problem. Du-Wei did not know what was in the two silver drops of liquid that the old Mage just poured out, but the effects are surprisingly obvious.

Light once again returned to Courtenay Semel’s pair of eyes. Shaking her head a bit, she once again stood up in the snow with a face feeling lost. “Hey…… Du-Wei, what really happened…… and why do I feel so weak? You…… Are you okay?”

With this one word, Du-Wei soon realized Courtenay Semel has once again “woke up”.

To begin with, Du-Wei already had a fuzzy feeling this magical creature ‘Courtenay Semel’ seemed to… maybe… it has a dual personality.

One personality is a magical copy of Courtenay Semel’s body, a lonely 200 years old person and likes to pull pranks by dangling a pair of beautiful legs while jumping back and forth in front of Du-Wei.

While the other Courtenay Semel’s personality…… Du-Wei suspected it may well be the real soul of the female Astrology teacher in history, capable of casting and wielding powerful magic. And also likes to call him “Zach”…… God damn it!

At the present, Courtenay Semel is calling him ‘Du-Wei’ instead of calling him ‘Zach’, so obviously, the magical creature is back and the female Astrology teacher went away again.

Du-Wei looked at Saddam Hussein, and then at the old magician. He suddenly felt the matter was far too complicated and it gave him a headache.

“I’m fine.” Du-Wei gave her a wry smile as he spoke, “Do you feel very weak? It’s because you had a difficult duel against the strongest knight on the continent and almost died…… You did it to protect me.”

Courtenay Semel still seemed bewildered. “Me…… Duel? But I am……” Her face showed a slightly headache like expression. Both hands on her troubled face, “How come I can’t remember anything?”

At this time, the old sorcerer have already excitedly walked to the front of Courtenay Semel, his robe was clearly shaking…… Of course the shaking was not because of the cold weather. The old sorcerer even let out a hand, as if wanting to touch Courtenay Semel. But as soon as his hands came up, it soon slowly dropped down again.

A complex expression suddenly appeared on her face. After carefully examining the old magician, she pondered. “I….. I do not know you, but why do I feel like I dislike you…… I do not want to get close to you!”Courtenay Semel looked warily at the old magician in front of her and then took two steps back. “Who are you?!”

With that, her body flew to Du-Wei’s side in a flash and then hid behind him. In a low voice, she murmured, “Hey Du-Wei, I don’t like this old man, he makes me feel very uneasy and very uncomfortable.”

Du-Wei whispered, “Do you know him?”

“No!” Courtenay Semel suddenly let out a loud abrupt shout, “I don’t know this man! I just hate him!”

With that said, she once again disappeared. Du-Wei knew, Courtenay Semel was currently hiding somewhere on his body without his knowledge.

When Courtenay Semel wanted to hide and not see any other people, Du-Wei was incapable of asking her to come out again.

The old magician showed a weird facial expression as he stupidly looked at the last place Courtenay Semel disappeared from. Then suddenly with a wry smile, he whispered. “She…… She still hates me. Even though she doesn’t remember me, she still hates me…… Haha! ”

Then the old mage’s eyes flashed a bit, slowly focusing his sight to the front of Du-Wei, grinding his teeth as he spoke. “Boy, tell me why would Courtenay Semel stay by your side! Why would she be protecting you? Why is that? Why did she become like this?!”

“Maybe after this is over.” Du-Wei spoke as lifted Dadaneier into a laying position, and then pulled out a knife to cut the spiked arrow in Dadaneier. Fortunately the arrow ended up shooting through his body. By just cutting off the exposed section of the arrow, one can pull the shaft out easily. He then took out some medicine for Dadaneier and applied it to his wound. Catching a glimpse of the old magician, he asked, “Hey, you should know some magic treatment spell right? Don’t just stand there, help my friend.”

Moments ago, Du-Wei kept handling Dadaneier’s wound while at the same time, he explained the things he knew about Courtenay Semel.

From the secret tunnel in the study room, to when he found the secret magic message that Courtenay Semel left behind. Then about how he released the magic creature sealed inside a painting…..

“So…… She is just a biological magic creature, a copy of Courtenay Semel’s memory in a biological body……” The disappointed expression of the old magician was apparent. He let out a sigh as the light in his eye dimmed down. Seemingly frustrated, he gave Du-Wei a glimpse, then tossed him a bottle of liquid. “Pour that on his wound and he will recover in half a day…… So hold back a little

Du-Wei took the bottle and poured a few drops on Dadaneier’s wound, then conveniently put the bottle away without any hint of rebelling against the old magician.

The old sorcerer seemed not to care anymore. With a dispirited mind, he slowly sat down and muttered in a low voice. “Courtenay… Semei… Ah… Courtenay Semel…… I really thought you weren’t dead yet.”

“Hey, when can he wake up?” Du-Wei pointed to the closed eye Dadaneier but the old magician acted as if he couldn’t hear what he said.

“Maybe one night.” Saddam Hussein answered instead.

The strongest knight of the continent continued in a cold manner, “It was done by my hand, I know it the best. This little low-level warrior actually dared to challenge me, My Dou Qi (energy) have already destroyed his muscles around the wound and broke his bones plus blood vessels. Even if you have holy water, it should at the minimum take one night to wake up.

Of course, towards a guy that he just fought, Du-Wei wouldn’t show a good face. He grunted then didn’t pay any more attention to the knight.

Du-Wei was rather more concerned about his current situation.

The old magician kidnapped him from his home, and then left him alone in the frozen forest for so many days.

Du-Wei is certain this old magician came to the frozen forests to do something important. But…. Why must he take him?

The old man also knew Hussein, could it be, he knew Hussein was being hunted by the church? Then came here to save Saddam Hussein? But what does this situation have to do with him?

Each person sat for a while as they contemplated their internal problems. Then the old magician suddenly stood up frowning as he listened to the wind, then whispered. “Someone’s coming…… likely the men of the temple.”

With a flicker of his eyebrow, Hussein stood and grinded his teeth. “They are just like ghosts, refusing to disappear !” He then glanced at Du-Wei, “It’s because of this guy. If it weren’t for him, we would not have made such a big commotion and be discovered by the temple!”

Du-Wei immediately retorted, “If It wasn’t because you wanted to get rid of us, we would not have fought back. Do you expect us to sit down and die like lambs?! Humph.

“Enough! Just shut up.” The old magician stood up and sighed, “Hussein, you need to control your murderous intent! Your internal magic is growing more and more, this is not a good sign. Now, I will go and distract the pursuing troops……” Old mage turned his head to the side and listened for a moment, then whispered. “Heck, Hussein, the trouble you got yourself into is not small. One…… Two…… Three…… Well, there are more than 20 more Knights and two are eighth-level as well…… hold on…… Looks like there are a few more mages……”

Hussein reacted coldly, “A few days ago I killed the presiding judgment lord of the temple. These mages must have been sent as reinforcements.”

“Ridiculous, too Ridiculous! “The old Wizard kept shaking his head as he repeatedly rebuked him.” You dare to kill the presiding judgement Lord of the Temple of light? Don’t you know, the temple is like a hornet’s nest and you actually dared to poke the hornet’s nest? You better be prepared to face a lifetime of pursuit.”

He waved his hand to stop Hussein from speaking and whispered, “I’m going to distract them, and you get out of here immediately.”

Hussein frowned, “With both of us here, why do we also need to avoid these people? With both of us working together, even if his majesty the pope were to show up, we wouldn’t need to be afraid. Why must we run around like a mouse?!”

Old magician sneered, “Huh! Of course you need not be afraid because you have already become a enemy of the temple, but I’m different, I’m not their enemy! You’re right though, with me and you together; we can fight off any of these guys. But then I will become a enemy of the temple and be on the run for a long time! I don’t want my future to be filled with knights and mages of the temple trying to kill me.”

At this point, the old sorcerer glanced at Du-Wei then laughed in a low voice. “What about you? Boy, you don’t want to die right? So you also better leave, otherwise when they overtake you guys, they will kill you as Hussein’s associate. The temple does not require a trial to murder others!”

Du-Wei immediately answered, “Of course I do! I’m neither a strongest knight of the continent, or a powerful magician, I do not have the strength powerful enough to protect myself. So now, I’m going to leave!”

“No! You don’t actually want to go because you don’t actually expect to get away! I have already imprinted a magic mark on your body so your whereabouts cannot escape my induction.” The old Mage continued speaking, “You must follow him, together with Hussein, he will take you to continue heading north.” The old magician kept pointing his finger at Hussein.

Du-Wei immediately felt like he swallowed a coptis chinensis (Chinese medicine plant), “Why! What use am I to you?”

The old mage didn’t answer; he was already up and quickly flew away.

Du-Wei wanted to say ‘what’ but by then, Hussein already had a sullen face. “Don’t incur my wrath, boy. Do you think I like being your babysitter? The old guy is only doing this out of your best interest! This place here is the ice-covered forest……If he lets you go back alone, with your little strength, can you safely leave? I’m afraid that in less than a day, you would be swallowed by the magical beasts!”

Du-Wei really wanted to retort back with “I am not safe here!”

But even Du-Wei knew in his heart, he was only able to securely reach this place because he joined and tagged along with the snow wolf mercenaries. Also the old magician must have also secretly followed them, For example just now, in cases of danger; the old sorcerer would come out like just now….

“Stand up boy.” Hussein struggled to stand up so he grabbed a stick to be used as a walking stick. Then he gently kicked Du-Wei, “Time to move.”

If you like this translation, you can sponsor for a extra chapter release by donating.



* * *





Chapter 71




Chapter 71 “Strongest Under the Stars”

No matter from any point of view, Hussein is definitely not a good companion to be traveling with.

Du-Wei has already stayed with Hussein for a day and have prepared for everything. After cutting up some branches, Du-Wei made a suggestion of putting the unconscious Dadaneier on a snow sled. It is an impossible event to expect Saddam Hussein pulling the snow sled when the knight himself also carried signs of injury all over his body. Even with a few looks, Du-Wei can’t help but feel a desire to vomit!

In many places, the fleshes are opened and revealing the inner bones! One wound is even giving off a stinky smell as a layer of tightly wrapped cloth binds around it. Those cuts are just too horrible!

The worst spot was actually Hussein’s stomach where a darker wound the size of a fist showed. I don’t know what he used to soothe the pain but probably things like magic. Upon closer inspection, a ring of muscle around the wound has completely turned black. Even as the black muscles slowly heal…… the muscles continuously give out a bursting crackling sound!

If the wound kept healing, then repeatedly bursting open again, one can’t image the degree of pain he must be going through.

As Hussein bandages his wound, he explained the reasoning for this injury was due to the presiding judgment Lord of the temple. It is corrosion magic and even holy water cannot cure it. In order to cure this, one would need to find a high class Mage to expend a considerable amount of power to treat it.

The strength of the presiding judgment Lord is not to be taken lightly if he was able to inflict such a wound and almost take Hussein’s life. If it wasn’t because Hussein’s power was so close to a Saint Paladin, he would have probably to a certain degree used his inner energy to close the wound….

In this way, it has caused the knight greater suffering. In order to keep the wound under control from the corroding spell damage, he must always constantly use his energy to keep healing.

Thus, forming a delicate balance, but every moment Hussein suffers from the feeling of a “fresh pain”.

For a single man with such terrible wounds to walk so long in this damn snow, while constantly enduring enough pain to collapse a normal person…… Other than the occasional flash of pain in his eyes, Hussein carried a cold expressionless face that couldn’t even hum a snort. Yet he would still try to straighten his back and waist as he walks.

The temperament of this person is definitely not ordinary.

In this situation, his bad-temperament is even excusable.

Even in his own past life when Du-Wei experiences a toothache, he would also be in an irritable mood. Not to mention the knight’s body is experiencing an enormous level of pain at all times, the fact that Hussein can endure it and not have a nervous breakdown is already considered very good.

Du-Wei tried his best not to annoy the guy whom is like a powder keg and quietly pulled the sled through the snow while following behind the knight.

They headed in the north direction while walking along the Great Lakes. But the winds became more violent the farther north you go. Du-Wei has already covered most of his face with a leather hood and a fur coat, leaving only his pair of eyes unshielded. Even so, he could barely open his eyes while facing the wind.

Other than his eyes, he also couldn’t speak because every time he opened his mouth, a gust of wind and snow would stop him.

Almost entirely out of instinct, Du-Wei intentionally walked behind Hussein because his tall body would help shield a bit of the oncoming wind.

The walk through the snow is very exhausting and in-between the journey, the two ended up resting twice. Every time, Du-Wei would run off with a knife to cut down some trees in order to make a fire just to keep warm. During the entire time, Hussein didn’t even say a single word. He just sat in silence with his eyes closed and occasionally, some Dou Qi (energy) would appear.

Du-Wei knew that the knight is currently using his Dou Qi (energy) to suppress his injury while also keeping himself warm.

This action is like drinking poison to quench a thirst. Du-Wei is not a doctor, but he is after all an educated magic pharmacist. He can see the knight’s injury is very bad and his body’s health was almost close to collapsing. Using Dou Qi (energy) to forcibly suppress the pain can only last for a while, while his injury will continue to deteriorate.

But what else could be done?

“The old man left behind some holy water; I still have a little bit.” Du-Wei sighed, “Why don’t you use the holy water?”

In a cold manner, Hussein closed his eyes as he held onto the walking stick. “I cannot touch holy water. I’m a traitor to the church and also under a curse cast by them. Holy water is indeed good for healing injuries, but due to the curse, instead of healing my injuries, it would instead corrode my body. This method of punishment is common practice for the church.”

Du-Wei thought for a moment as he identified a number of drugs from his bag. Some of these items were left by the old magician, while others were collected on the way when Du-Wei followed along with the Snow Wolf mercenary’s in the frozen forest. Many of these items were crudely processed into medical items.

Even though Du-Wei hates this person, they are still considered partners at this point. And in such a dangerous place where danger may appear at random, Du-Wei may need to rely on this person to protect himself. Du-Wei decided it’s for the best to take out the box of medicine.

Hussein’s facial expression may look kinder, but his voice was still very cold. “Thanks, but no thanks.”

He gave the medicine back to Du-Wei and continued to meditate with his eyes closed.

“Why?” Du-Wei frowned as he spoke, “This is something that I made. It is healing cream with coating powder and added with ‘Chiker synthetic grass juice’, capable of healing wounds. Where else would someone find such medicines in this forest?”

Hussein opened his eyes as he spoke, “I said no, so thank you, but I won’t use it.”

After pausing for a second, the knight finally added a sentence. “My injury was caused by the Dou Qi (Energy) of a ninth level knight; such injuries would continue to carry the Dou Qi (Energy) of the person that inflicted the injury. Ordinary pharmacy cannot heal such wounds. Unless a mighty and powerful sorcerer cast a spell to lift the foreign Dou Qi (energy) inside me, otherwise normal drugs would only increase my pain.

Du-Wei was silenced.

One can only imagine the knight’s experience. He killed two of the holy knight leaders, known as two of the strongest knights within the church. On top of that, he also killed the presiding judgment Lord of the temple and an eighth-level holy knight grouped with a number of senior holy knights!

This is a scary yet brilliant victorious record. But it’s not hard to imagine what he went through after so much bitter fighting. How serious is his bodily injury?

“Maybe this is useful for you then.” Du-Wei suddenly reached into his clothing’s for a moment, pulling out something like a white fruit.

From a point of view, this thing seemed to be a lump of ice, but the top is covered with thin lines. Holding it in his hand, a cool feeling can be felt through the skin. In addition, there is a faint fragrance…… Like an authentic mint leaves in Du-Wei’s past.

But this thing is not something of good. For many people, this item is more frightening than the devil itself!

The name of this thing is called “Ice Berries.”

It is this item that could be used to make a drug like ecstasy. (Before this, Gunnar solskjaer (the fake mage) also considered if they could use this stuff as raw materials to stimulate the mental minds of a human, but the idea was later dropped.)

“Ice berries?” Knight leaked out a surprised facial expression.

“Yes, it is an ice Berry.” Du-Wei spoke with a smile, “This stuff is hard to find. I only inadvertently found this on the road while traveling. You should know this stuff can cause hallucination…… However, if one is taking only a little bit at a time, you can reduce the pain even by a bit.”

Mentally, Du-Wei added another sentence. “Similar to opium….” Even in his past life from the other world, opium and morphine were considered drugs, but has also been used as medicine to relieve pain.

This item is not good or bad by nature, the key is how one uses it.

Saddam Hussein knew his stuff because he didn’t refuse to use it. Perhaps he couldn’t stand it anymore due to the pain from these past few days and nights. He took the ice berry then gently picked a bit with his nail and put it into his mouth…..

This miraculous item really is useful. Not even a moment has passed and the constantly frowning knight already looked a bit more relieved. His eyes opened, showing a touch of comfort and his breathing sounded a lot better. “It really is more comfortable…. Thank you. This damn pain has tortured me enough to keep me awake for the past few days.”

After a pause, Hussein glanced at Du-Wei. “Have you been studying magic potions? Now, very few magicians would take the time to study magic potions. Most magicians will only focus on magical experiments, while only those that cannot learn magic will go research magic pharmacy.”

Du-Wei smiled, “You said it right. I’m a magic pharmacist. In fact, I don’t even have the qualification to be a magician.”

Hussein did not think it was strange as he spoke in a light tone, “Oh? And what’s your relationship with that undying old fool?”

Undying old fool? Du-Wei thought it was quite amusing.

Due Wei did not answer, instead, he replied with a question. “What about you, what’s your relationship with him?”

Hussein was silent, spending a moment in thought. Then he spoke in a light tone, “Nothing much, just that he could be considered my senior. Our powers came from the same teacher.”

Seniors?

Du-Wei could not help but let out a chuckle, “I hear you are only 30 years old, right? While the old fool is probably a few hundred years old…… You?”

“No, I’m 31 years old. As for that that old fool…… only heaven knows how old he is! Hmm…..” It seems Saddam Hussein did not really want to talk about this. “In name, we are brothers due to having the same teacher, but in reality, I don’t really like him.” After a pause, he no longer continues the subject. “What about you? You look like you are probably not even 15 years old, who are you? Why come here?

“Actually, I’m not even 15 years old and even under the age of 14.” Du-Wei shrugged, “I’m from the Rowling household. As to why I came here, you would need to ask that old fool that question. I was captured by him….”

“Rowling household……” Hussein thought for a moment then suddenly laughed. He really laughed…. While looking at Du-Wei, the once murderous intent on this guy’s face now carried eyes of pleasure. “Ah! I seemed to have heard of you. Even in the Imperial capital, you are very famous. Rowling household’s idiot son, a few years ago, the imperial capital’s circle of aristocratic kept talking about you.”

“You may have heard,” Du-Wei spoke without care of the ‘idiot’ statement.

“Yes,” as if Hussein was immersed in his memory. “Holy knight leader Uncle Luke was also a noble. In the past, I was invited to a banquet of his uncle. At the time, Luke told me that recently the biggest news is the idiot son of Earl Raymond (Du-Wei father), and Luke’s uncle was originally going to arrange a marriage between the families. But when he heard of the news, he was so scared that he didn’t dare mention it again. I remember Luke……”

At this point, Hussein suddenly closed his mouth and his eyes slightly flashed.

Du-Wei also didn’t dare say anything and just kept looking at the knight.

“Luke…… I killed him.”

After a long time of silence, Hussein suddenly whispered a sentence.

His icy cold voice held a trace of untold sadness and a deep pain flashed across the knight’s eyes. He shakes his head as he speaks, “Yes, Luke was killed by me and the other knight leader was also killed by me. They all died under my sword.”

Du-Wei said nothing. Hussein had already turned his gaze into the distance, his voice seemed to be talking to himself. “Oh…… Lord Luke and the other knight leader…… There is also Gefeite, oh poor Gefeite. Like me, we were together in the training house and passed the examination to enter the Holy Knights. It was as if he was like my brother…… But I personally had to pierce through his heart. Let me think, who else…… Oh, there is Stella, the warmed hearted southerner. Whenever he prayed, he always carried a heavy southern accent and we used to always laugh at him. With one strike, he was sliced into two segments by me….”

Du-Wei was suddenly surprised to see a tear slowly roll down from Hussein’s cheek.

“They are all my friends, my brother, my comrades. We all trained together, learned martial arts together, and rode together…… Now they died by my sword……“ Hussein’s eyes started to get frantic and he suddenly shouted, “Why! Why!! You know why?!”

He suddenly stood up with bloodshot eyes, staring at Du-Wei and in a low growl. “Do you know why!! Do you know!! ”

“…… I do not know.” Du-Wei frowned as he realized that some of the knight’s mental state was unstable. He cautiously took a few steps back.

“Because…… Hahahahahaha……” Hussein suddenly unconsciously began laughing. His laughter carried a taste of madness, “Because! Because his Majesty the Pope said, ‘Oh, it is the will of the gods!’ Then we must bleed and we must die!! All because of this damn Word! That damn ‘the will of God’!!!”

“Knight Hussein.” Du-Wei speaks in a low voice, “You are too excited, sit down first.”

Hussein’s deeply looked at Du-Wei; his eyes still carried a look of weirdness, as if with a touch of disorder.

But he still sat down; this action slightly relieved Du-Wei a bit.

“Hey, young man. You know why I am being pursued by the temple? Why I became a traitor to the temple? Me, Hussein! Since I was 13 years old, everyone considered me the pride of the temple knights! Everyone thought I was the greatest Knight in 100 years! They even think that I am sure to become the head commander of the holy knight’s order! Only a Saint Paladin can become the head commander of the holy knight’s order. The holy knight’s order hasn’t seen a Saint Paladin for over 100 years! But I would definitely become a Saint Paladin! I will be the leader of the Holy Knights of the temple! HA HA! But now, I’m being hunted down like a mouse!”

Listening to the rising rage of Saddam Hussein and how disorderly his eyes looked. Du-Wei started to feel disturbed in his heart!

Suddenly, his heart skipped a beat!

This is bad!

Seeing the ice berry in the knight’s hand, a bite was taken out of it!

Du-Wei understood where the problem is laid!

Iced berries!! He must have taken too much. The magic plant must be interfering with the knight’s mental state. As if taking drugs, the person’s mind would fall into a confused state!

POW!!!

A clear and crisp sound, Du-Wei found the walking stick in the knight’s hand has crumbled into pieces!

“Did you know……? If I can start over, I would never choose to go into that damn sanctuary! Damn….. Sanctuary!!” Hussein grinded his teeth.

Sanctuary?

Du-Wei knew the name. The sanctuary is the house where they placed and store the badges of the already deceased holy knights.

All of the deceased holy knights would have their badges stored in this hall, receiving the god’s blessing.

“Just two years ago, before I became the third Knight leader…… According to tradition, his Majesty the Pope asked me to be a guardian of the Sanctuary for one year.” Hussein’s voice becomes even deeper and his mental state drifts entirely into memory.

“Holy Guardian of the Sanctuary. Every member of the Holy Knights order must go through this before taking on the position of one of the three leaders. When I was awarded the duty of guarding the sanctuary, everyone knew I would soon become one of the leaders of the holy knights…… However, I didn’t think it was the beginning of a nightmare!! Saddam Hussein suddenly burst into laughter, his smile matched with the ice and snow echoing through the wind, sounding like a ghost……

“Boy, do you know who is it in the history of the temple is the most powerful and greatest of the Holy Paladins. Do you know?”

“…… Well….. Is that you?” Du-Wei was careful in his answer, he felt that the Knight has gone insane and his mental state is somewhat unusual. Better not offend him.

“Me? When compared to that person, I am but an ant!” The tone in Hussein suddenly became that of reverence.

“Countless number of years…. No, even in 1000 of years to come! Countless numbers of powerful people appeared on the continent, number one warrior, number one knight, number one magician and so on and so on. Over hundreds of years, many of these people appeared over and over again. But in a thousand years, only one person manages to obtain this title.

“What title?”

Hussein took a deep breath with his cheeks appearing with a touch of morbid red, “The strongest under the stars!”

The strongest under the stars?

This title is indeed more prestigious than those strongest of the continent titles.

“This man is actually a holy Knight and his Holy Knight’s badge is deposited into the sanctuary.” Hussein shook his head, “Unfortunately, he has become a nightmare for me.”

Du-Wei has already been hooked with curiosity. He carefully guided Hussein with soft words in order to make him speak, “This man is……”

“The founding emperor of the Great Roland Empire…… For thousands of years, Aragon Roland is the only single person eligible to become the strongest under the stars! His strength cannot be copied because he is not only the strongest number one magician; he is also the strongest Knight……” Pausing for a bit, Hussein added.

“Holy Knight! His Majesty the Emperor had once joined the order of holy knights! The holy knight’s badge that he once held is deposited into the sanctuary. That badge has become my nightmare!”



If you like this translation, you can sponsor for a extra chapter release by donating.



* * *





Chapter 72




Chapter 72 “Star Dou Qi”

Aragon?

This matter once again involved his Majesty the emperor?

Others may not know, but Du-Wei knew!

Holy Knights? What a joke! Holy Knights are the defender of the temple of light and defender of god’s authority on humanity. God damn it! The so-called strongest under the sky Aragon, Du-Wei understood it the most clearly where his strength came from. It was from making an exchange deal with old Chris, the Devil’s servant.

The power came from the Devil’s power, but this power allowed him to become a Holy Knight, defender of God?

However, Du-Wei also remembered that the great founding emperor did indeed seem to have a close relationship to the Temple. While he was unifying the continent, he did receive support from the temple. Perhaps he really did join the Holy Knights?

It is not difficult to understand when talking about a founding emperor to draw on all forces available to him. One method of gaining their support is to join the organization and in this case, the holy temple itself.

However, his power came from the devil, but hung it on behalf of god’s name. It is truly ironic.

Hussein facial expression acted in an elusive way, the Knight’s mental state began floating away…… Fortunately, he was not mad. While under the effect of the ice Berry, the already weakened mental powers of the injured will of course be influenced in certain ways.

Du-Wei really wanted to continue inquiring. He wanted to know while the knight was in the sanctuary, what it is that he found within the badge of Aragon.

What exactly did Hussein mean when he said “nightmare”? Could it be whatever was left by Aragon actually came from the Devil?

Hussein’s eyes unfocused and his voice grew fainter and vague.

Originally, a little bit of the ice berry would not be able to put the knight’s tough nerves into disorder. But when faced with so many days of misfortune and torturous events, the knight’s mental state was already unstable.

Like a depressed person drinking, it is particularly easy to get drunk.

Hussein sat and lay sprawled down in the snow while still muttering, “Nightmare…… Nightmare…… I. Nightmare……”

With that said, he closed his eyes and slept with a loud snore.

Plagued with unbearable pain, Hussein has gone many days without sleep and tired himself out. Although when one reaches his limit, he can raise his Dou Qi (energy) to reduce his exhaustion. However, this method was like squeezing the life out of one’s potential, after all, this is not a righteous method.

After a long time without sleep, Hussein finally relaxed his nerves under the effect of the ice berries. That night, he went to bed feeling unusually sweet, not haunted by the pain. With his body fully relaxed, he didn’t even dream and just slept all the way to the next day.

“Good morning.” Du-Wei used one hand to push Hussein awake. After awaking from his deep sleep, the knight felt his whole body become loose and lazy. In a confused state, he opened his eyes to see Du-Wei’s face up close.

Suddenly startled, Hussein sharply stood up. The knight showed a remorseful face while speaking in a heavy tone, “how long have I been asleep?”

“Not very long, only one night.” Du-Wei curled his mouth, seeing the knight’s body has been stretched to the limit. “If you didn’t sleep, then I’m afraid you wouldn’t have lasted for long.”

Too careless! The Knight rebuked himself inside his heart. In such a place, how could he sleep like a dead pig and completely lose his senses of the surroundings. To even have someone push him awake, how could he be so relaxed? In this situation, it is absolutely not allowed.

“Well, don’t blame yourself.” Looking at Hussein’s expression, Du-Wei understood the other person’s thought. He smiled and said, “You are a man, not a God. Even a God can get tired and besides, you are seriously injured. You also need a good sleep to replenish your strength. You see? Your spirit and body looked much better than yesterday.”

Hussein took a deep breath and did feel his energy recovered a lot. He clenched his fist and a crunching sound could be heard from his actions, then he stood up to do a few stretching movements.

He opened the tent’s curtain and strode out.

Once out of the tent, Hussein saw Dadaneier was currently using a stone to sharpen a curved blade. The rubbing was making a rustling friction sound and Dadaneier’s face was reflected on the blade’s surface.

Dadaneier gave an unfriendly look towards the knight. No matter what, this guy did seriously injure Dadaneier the other day.

Earlier that morning when Dadaneier awoke, he still seemed somewhat weak, but his injury has already healed. Then Du-Wei immediately explained what happened yesterday to Dadaneier.

Once he was informed that the powerful knight from yesterday; has now turned into their companion. Dadaneier was somewhat shocked and his emotion was having trouble adapting.

After all, this is normal for regarding a man that only yesterday has caused you to vomit blood and nearly killed you. Then the next day you wake up, you are to hug him and become good friends with him. How can that happen!

The two glanced at each other, making eye contact. After adequate rest and sleep, the knight’s bad temper has gotten a lot better. After all, a person will be in a grumpy mood when they are extremely tired and at this moment, Hussein looked a lot better. He gave Dadaneier a look and hesitated, then gave the other a smile: “Oh, you’re awake…… Well, that’s a good knife.”

Dadaneier didn’t speak, but nodded as he continued sharpening his curved blade. This was actually Du-Wei’s blade; his own blade already shattered into pieces by Hussein. Thinking back on it, he wasn’t even able to take on one simple strike by a wounded opponent. This reality has hurt Dadaneier’s pride, that’s the reason why his attitude was so cold.

But Dadaneier is after all a candid and good man. After a little bit of embarrassment, he then pointed to the wok (A Chinese pan/pot) on the fire. “There’s soup in the wok, you should drink a little.”

“Fortunately, the pot wasn’t broken yesterday or we wouldn’t even have access to water.” Du-Wei laughed from the side and then he went to the snow field, stretching his body. Facing the wind; he performed the outlandish set of routine actions according to what the old magician taught him.

Du-Wei repeated this routine three times, until his body naturally gives off a sense of warmth and the cold wind no longer felt as cold when blew against his body. Du-Wei took a deep breath, ending his movement.

Next to him, Hussein was carrying a smile as he looked at Du-Wei’s action. His eyes acted as if Du-Wei didn’t understand something.

Waiting until Du-Wei was done. Hussein suddenly picked up his eyebrow. “Undying old fool taught you this? I mean this set of routine.”

Du-Wei did not shy away from the question. “Yes, using this to fend off the cold is very effective and seems to have good effects on one’s health.”

“Your practice was good, why not continue?” Hussein smiled.

“Continue? But he already finished.” Du-Wei looked at Saddam Hussein. Then his heart ached at the sudden thought of something.

“I just knew it……” Hussein seemed to whisper a sentence and then with a smile, “Well, listen kid, this set of action you are doing is actually the most basic. I think you practiced pretty well, do you want to learn a new higher level set of actions? The old fool would only teach you the first level of the basic routines and won’t teach you the rest, but I can teach you.”

With that said the Knight crossed his arms and looked at Du-Wei with a smile.

Du-Wei immediately nodded. Du-Wei is increasingly experiencing the benefits of this action, in addition to keeping out the cold; Du-Wei could feel his body getting stronger day by day. Originally with his weak body, he could never have supported himself through so many days in this snow and wind. He probably would have already become ill, but now, Du-Wei’s body seemed to be even slightly better than his peers.

The Knight immediately went to Du-Wei’s side and asked him to sit down. Then the Knight reached out his hand to slowly touch several bones in Du-Wei’s body, carefully pinching each spot, then closed his eyes in thought for a moment. When he opened his eyes again, he sighed softly. “How unfortunate, you looked pretty smart, but the potential of your body is too poor. I’m afraid you are not born with the potential to be a good martial artist inside you. Even if you learn this set of actions, I’m afraid you won’t achieve the expected results. You probably won’t have a chance to become a top fighter. A waste…. Such a waste.

With that said the knight shook his head and showed a look of pity.

Du-Wei did not think it was unfortunate. In fact, he did not have much interest in becoming a powerful Warrior. But if it can make his body slightly stronger, he was still very willing to do so. Du-Wei just laughed, “I don’t feel it was a pity, I had no intention of becoming a powerful Warrior.”

“What do you know?” Saddam Hussein gave Du-Wei a cold glance. “You simply don’t know what you are practicing! On this whole continent, for thousands of years, only three people have had the opportunity to learn this set of action. Humph….. If a qualified person learned it and practiced hard, he would definitely have the potential to become one of the strongest on the continent! Sigh…… Unfortunately, your physical condition is far too poor, even though you have the chance to learn it.”

Du-Wei was interested, “This set of action…… What the hell is it?”

Hussein did not immediately reply. He eyed Dadaneier, whom is currently adding fuel to the fire and politely said, “This person is….”

“I am called Dadaneier, I know what you mean. I was just going into the woods to find something.”

With that said Dadaneier put down the things from his hand and walked away in big strides.

“Thank you.” Hussein spoke while looking at the fading silhouette of Dadaneier.

All fighters on the continent are aware of this rule. When others are teaching martial art skills, it is very impolite for others to watch on the sideline. Unless those observers wanted to secretly learn it, at the time of transferring their skills, many masters will not let anyone peek at their martial arts.

“Boy, I’m going to first perform a segment and see how much you can remember.” The Knight stretched and moved to a snow covered ground, then performed the first move.

When Hussein moved to the snow covered ground, Du-Wei opened his eyes, carefully observing Hussein’s actions. His set of action compared to what the old magician taught him is similar…… Only similar.

But much, much more difficult!

There are several actions; Du-Wei watched on, almost unable to hold in a sigh….. Unless the person’s joints are able to freely rotate 360 degrees, those movements simply cannot be humanly possible,

And those ligaments…. Du-Wei suspected, even with the gymnasts from his previous world, they would not achieve that level of flexibility!

Watching the continent’s number one Knight standing there, capable of freely distorting his body like a noodle, the scene can’t help but give off a creepy feeling.

After a set of action is finished, a lot of sweat was apparent on Saddam Hussein’s forehead and of course, this is not due to exhaustion but due to overheating.

“These basic exercises are meant to train your body, letting your body increase its flexibility exponentially. In future battles, your strength, agility, speed, and the most importantly is the ability to fight, all will increase exponentially!” Hussein explained.

Ability to fight…… This point caused Du-Wei to feel very touched.

If he can really train himself to become like Saddam Hussein, soft and flexible like spaghetti…… Then other people’s joint breaking punches will have no effect because his joints are free to bend at will……. This is of course a big advantage.

But…… This can’t be so simple. Otherwise, wouldn’t every acrobats and gymnasts from Du-Wei’s past life be a peerless master?

“Of course, it’s not so easy to improve.” Hussain added. “These are just the basic. When you have mastered the basic sets of actions and your body’s ability have reached a limit, at that time, your body is ready to train in the advanced level contents of Dou Qi.

“Dou Qi?” Du-Wei smiled: “You mean this set of basic action is in fact the basis of the training method?”

“Not normal Dou Qi.” Hussein spoke in a low voice, “You don’t need to know now, wait till you reached the level I think is passable, and then I’ll consider teaching you. Now, do it again so I can see how much you know.”

Du-Wei immediately took a few steps forward. While standing in the snow, he recalled the actions Hussein made and started moving his body.

Du-Wei remembered this set of movement very quickly. Thanks to what the old magician taught him and the basis he had from days of practice, he was able to perform this new set of action without much difficulty. But Du-Wei wasn’t able to perform a lot of actions with higher requirement; after all, he didn’t have the ability to rotate his joints 360 degrees like twisted noodles.

“Very good, you learned very quickly.” Although Hussein praised him, his expression grew regretful. Shaking his head as he spoke, “Unfortunate, how unfortunate…… ”

Hussein could see Du-Wei was able to learn quickly and is very clever, but at the thought of his natural physique, he felt it was unfortunate that Du-Wei is unable to develop into a top expert.

Du-Wei learned extremely fast, after all, his spiritual power, memory and the ability to imitate are beyond ordinary.

Moreover, once one set is finished, Du-Wei would suddenly feel his body having a reaction!

Hot!

This point was what Du-Wei felt is the strongest at the moment!

When he completed the set taught by the old magician, his body emitted a faint warm feeling, but this time, it was different…… When he finished the set of action taught to him by Hussein, Du-Wei felt like a fire is burning inside his body. The flame seemed to be very powerful, as if he was actually inside the fire itself!

He was constantly sweating and his tight-fitting clothes were soon soaked with sweat. He even felt thirsty and couldn’t help but want to drink water.

With a very serious face, Hussein pulled onto Du-Wei and then quickly whispered in his ear a bunch of formulas. “Keep in mind, the cultivation of this set of action must coincide with the formula in order to have any real effect! The old fool didn’t know this formula because he studied only magic, so he hasn’t learned any of this. I personally don’t really understand the meaning of these formulas, but you just have to follow the lines.

This formula is very strange. Under the guidance of Hussein, Du-Wei sat in the snow, closing his eyes to feel the fire in his body. The heat conversed inside his body, like running a high fever. With the guidance of the formula, he used his spiritual power to guide the heat inside him.

Something strange happened!

A stream of hot air seemed endless inside his body, waves after waves of heat hit Du-Wei, almost causing him to pass out. However, while in pain, he also felt a strange sense of comfort.

“I’m afraid in this world, not many people liked to be grilled.” Du-Wei laughed at himself.

With his eyes closed, Du-Wei did not know his sweat has drenched his clothes. Even the snow where his butt sat has melted away.

The heat roasted his body, bones, and muscles, while invisibly fixing some of his weaknesses and changing his body. Of course, the naked eye cannot see these changes.

After a long time has passed, Du-Wei opened his eyes to see the sun is already on top of his head. In one sitting, he actually sat all the way till noon.

Hussein sat beside him, with a faint smile as he looked at him. “Well, the first time is usually the longest. Next time when practicing, you won’t be sitting for such lengths as long as you perform the set of action while chanting the formula to guide the heat.

Du-Wei stretched out his hands while his body felt warm and comfy. When the cold wind blew against his body, he couldn’t feel the slightest chill and broke out in a sweat.

“This…… Is Dou Qi?”

“It is still too early to think that!” Saddam Hussein mocked him. “It’s just the most basic method of exercise; the distance from practicing Dou Qi is still far, far away! This current training will only improve your fitness a lot, but won’t let you become a master.”

Then Hussein whispered, “The person whom created this kind of cultivation method left behind these words. (No matter how strong the person is in nature, whether his Dou Qi is good, or whatever is good, it is all just energy. Our body is also energy, but in order to live in this world, we need to breathe the air, drink the water, and eat to supplement the body’s lost energy. However, each body is different as some can only absorb 30 to 40 percent of what they take in, while some can absorb a bit more than others. This method of cultivation makes the person’s body even stronger and purer, lowering the energy consumption and waste. From then on, when you absorb energy from eating, drinking, and even the process of breathing, your body will naturally absorb the energy. If you are a man of cultivation, whether you practice magic or martial skills, your cultivation will be faster than others because your body has been slowly improving. You will also have an easier time producing energy while reducing energy consumption.)”

I see….. In his heart, Du-Wei gives his own definition of this cultivation method. “It’s like a “single-cylinder engine” turning into a more powerful “twin-cylinder engine”!

“Good, now go take a bath. Your whole body stinks!” Saddam Hussein pushed Du-Wei away.

In this weather, Du-Wei just took off his clothes, and picked up a handful of snow to physically rub onto his skin. Without any cold sensation, it was like taking a pleasant cold bath in the summer. Du-Wei was very happy and enjoying the change in himself…… In his view, this can also satisfy his own hearts vanity (excessive pride).

Caught in this snow covered land using snow to brush one’s own body and not feel even a little bit cold…… This feeling is like a very “tough guy”, isn’t it? HA HA.

Seeing the happy Du-Wei bathing in the snow, Hussein sat next to the tent contemplating, and then he sighed softly.

That’s still good…… He cannot say when he might die. If he did die, then no one would be able to pass this on into the future.

No matter how….. Aragon, I have spread out your set of “Stars Dou Qi” method. Although you are my nightmares, but being a warrior, I cannot just look at this amazing martial skill being lost. This absolutely cannot happen.

Well…… Stars Dou Qi, we’ll see if this guy can satisfy me with his progress, maybe I can really pass on the real Stars Dou Qi to him.

Du-Wei did not know, the set of actions he is currently cultivating at this moment, was in fact the martial art skills of Aragon Roland. Nearly a thousand years ago, the founding emperor of the Roland Empire swept through the continent as the strongest and reached the pinnacle among experts by using the Stars Dou Qi…..

The stars… … A word related to the gods.

Of course, our little noble is only practicing the most basic of the physical method, if he progresses quickly enough, perhaps…

“Well then, we should hit the road.”

After stopping slightly, Hussein stood up and waved his hand. A strong wind from his hand immediately puts out the fire and at the same time, covered it with snow.

Dadaneier has already come back and began drawing the tent. All the while, Hussein shouted loudly at Du-Wei. “Boy, put on your clothes, I don’t want to see you naked butt!”

If you like this translation, you can sponsor for a extra chapter release by donating.



* * *





Chapter 73




Chapter 73 “The Canyon Valley”

Continuing along the road near the Great Lakes, the three headed North towards the forest.

In front of their eyes, the vastness of the forest seemed endless as they walked along the Lake. Finally, after two days of tough slogging, they have reached the northern shore.

Du-Wei took out the gift (map) given to him by Chairman Beinlich of the snow Wolf mercenary. Looking at the fragmented map, the Southern banks of the Great Lake is very detailed. Area’s where it is safe, and locations where more monster is infested is marked down in great lengths.

As for the northern lake shores, the marks were simple in comparison. Big chunks of white space on the map simply read “forest”, and the only forward direction mark was left behind by Chairman Beinlich. This was only possible after checking with a lot of previous records from other adventurer’s.

“Well, if we continue to head north, then I’d rather go along this road on the map.” Du-Wei opened up the map for the two of them to see. “Look, this is probably the only place in 200 years that someone has traveled along…… In this direction is the position we are now to the left…… And to the North, we will cross a secured safe zone. The map says this place has a relatively small amount of magical beasts. Then two days later, we will come to a Canyon, Oh, and the Canyon has no name, but it says very clearly that there is danger with high possibility of advanced magical beasts appearing. Further north of this area is completely unknown.”

Dadaneier looked at the map carefully; while Hussein’s face acted like it does not matter.

“My companions, where should we go from here?” Du-Wei said with a smile. “Based on the map markings, should we take the canyon route or should we just aimless head north?”

At the time of saying this, Du-Wei kept part of his attention on Hussein. He felt that the old magician must have a purpose traveling through the forest, and this holy night, the traitor of the holy temple must know their destination. Until now, they wouldn’t say where, but at this point, they should tell him.

But Du-Wei was disappointed by Hussein’s indifferent facial expression. Speaking lightly, “Whatever, just head North, as to which way to go, you deciding is fine.”

“Go to the Canyon.” Dadaneier pondered the question for a moment, then put forward his own proposal: “No one has been to the other places, who know what those places have. Only the Canyon was traveled through before, though the information left behind is not much, but at least we can prepare for it.”

“All right then, it’s decided.” Du-Wei picked up and put away the map. Laughing as he spoke, “We set off towards the Canyon!”

Du-Wei had a very indifferent look just like the knight, after all, being accompanied by the continents strongest knight, as well as the super sorcerer following behind. Even if he encounters any danger, there shouldn’t be any problem. That thought kept his feelings at ease.

Across the Great Lakes to the North, the weather’s been so cold that a normal person can no longer withstand it. It can be said, if Du-Wei still had his previous constitution, he would have already frozen to death on the road. But luckily every day, Hussein would teach him a new set of action and this is just enough to withstand the cold.

As for Hussein, he had no fear of the cold because he just had to increase his Dou Qi.

Instead, it was Dadaneier that seemed to be unable to support himself. Although he was a strong warrior, his strength was only at a third level warrior.

As they headed into the forest, the weather was very strange with no wind in the area and only silence welcomed them. The thick snow under their feet is enough to cause their mind to go numb in this situation.

Sometimes, if they take a misstep into a snow pit, the depth of the snow is enough to bury a person up to the waist!

Also, the snow is not only very thick, but also very hard! These past two days, when they dig into the ground to set up a tent, it was so thick that they couldn’t see soil. And several times, what they found instead was a layer of thick ice.

“Damn it man….. I suspect there is no soil in the ground, but actually a giant piece of ice! Then how do the trees around here grow? Can trees grow on ice?” Dadaneier sighed.

Du-Wei frowned, then he whispered, “Did you feel it? Ever since we left the Lake and traveled into the Woods, I always felt a strange illusion. It’s too quiet, almost without sound, but I seem to feel like we’re being spied upon at all times…… Do you have this feeling?”

Dadaneier shook his head, implying no. Hussein only smiled for a second before glancing at Du-Wei, “Oh, really, you also feel that?”

Du-Wei had relied on his huge mental powers and keen senses. As for the Knight, it was because of his transcendent powers. But Dadaneier was only a mid-level warrior; his strength was relatively low and his telepathic abilities aren’t strong either.

“Could it be that we are being targeted by a magical beast?” Du-Wei frowned.

“Maybe not a, but rather a group of.” Hussein spoke in a light tone, “What the heck! They better not appear, if they do appear, then we would have a few more dinners.” (No comment….)

Du-Wei has no doubt in the knight’s word.

In fact, along the process of traveling through this road that ran along the big Lake, they have already more than once encountered magical beasts.

In this snow covered land, where food is scarce, high level magical beasts and bloodthirsty monsters would desperately try to prey upon them. Even at night, Du-Wei would sprinkle dragon droppings around the camp, but it showed little effect as a deterrent.

The magical beasts here seemed to have higher intelligence because dragon feces are not enough to scare them away. Even though they do not dare to directly attack, some would still attempt to try.

On a previous night, three earth dragons dug out from under the tent to attack them. The earth dragons are not really dragons, but rather looked like pangolins from Du-Wei’s past life. Even these kind of problems can cause quite a headache for them!

The beasts could freely dig through the frozen ground that was as hard as iron, and their speed is fast! These things are draped in a hard layer of scale and as to how hard is it really? You can ask Dadaneier this question. In the night attack, the third level warrior Dadaneier used his blade to hack against the back of the earth dragon, the resulting impact force only caused the body of the earth dragon to shake a bit. As for the blade Dadaneier was holding, it broke and shattered into two pieces.

The earth dragon has an unusual defense and their claws and teeth are even worse, easily able to bite apart hard metals! They relied heavily on their claws and teeth to tunnel under the frozen soil.

Even though they are small creatures, they are capable of astonishing speed and are almost bullet proof. If somehow they are able to catch or bite you, then you might lose your life.

If the team didn’t have such a strong person like Hussein, Du-Wei wouldn’t doubt that he and Dadaneier would have been finished.

During that event when Dadaneier used his blade to hack against the body of the earth dragon, his sword broke while the earth dragon just shrugged it off. Then it latched onto Dadaneier’s body and used its claws to pierce right through the leather armor and even into the shoulder bones.

It was at that moment. Hussein, the continents strongest knight made his move. Using a broken sword, his one strike was enshrouded in a subtle Golden flame. The Dou Qi of this pale golden light was extremely bright in the night. In such a light, the three earth dragon had their heads severed and dismembered into six pieces!

That night, the three enjoyed an earth dragon barbecue.

After breaking apart the hard scales of the earth dragon, their meat was also tough and impossible to chew, but their guts were very tasty and delicious.

Hussein even stripped down the body scales of the three earth dragons and stored them into a heavy bag. Turning to Du-Wei as he spoke, “Take these things to make armor, they are very light in weight and is better than metal as a material. It should be very good.”

The Knight even ripped out the tendons of three earth dragon. The tendons are extremely tough and elastic, by replacing Dadaneier’s bow string with the tendon, it would be several times better than a bow with an iron string.

Dadaneier no longer held any hate towards Hussein. Although Hussein almost killed him, the Knight not only saved his life, but also got him a good bow. No matter how you look at it, he owed the knight.

Hussein still carried a cold look and didn’t talk too much. When nothing is happening, he would cross his arms and closed his eyes to meditate.

Dadaneier was embarrassed and didn’t have the nerve to talk with Hussein. But Du-Wei didn’t care because he was full of questions and only the knight can give him the answers.

“Hey,” Du-Wei went over to sit beside Hussein. “How’s your wound? I still have a little bit of ice berry.”

Hussain raised his head to look at Du-Wei. “Thanks, but no thanks. Eating too much of that stuff will get me addicted. Also, the last time I had the ice berries, I said something I shouldn’t have. I can endure it now so I don’t need these things.”

Du-Wei smiled as he whispered, “I noticed your Dou QI was a golden color. I heard that only the Saint Paladin’s Dou Qi were golden color. You are the strongest knight in a century and the closest to being a Saint Paladin. Now looking at the color of your Dou QI…… Could you now be a Saint Paladin?”

Hussein raised an eyebrow and with a faint smile, “Saint Paladin…… If I am already a Saint Paladin, then I wouldn’t have so many injuries.”

“You’re not a Saint Paladin?” Du-Wei was surprised. Relying on one’s own power, he killed two of his own peers that were also ninth level knights. On top of that, he also killed a presiding judgment lord of the temple, whom is also a top magician. Though Du-Wei didn’t know what level the presiding judge was at, but thinking about, it has to be at least eighth level and higher. Lastly, there was also the eighth level holy knight and a bunch of intermediate knights….

Hussein has such terrifying strength, yet he still couldn’t reach the level of a Saint Paladin?

“At this moment, I am still at the ninth level.” Hussein sighed, “I feel that I’m about to have a critical break through, but always a step short…… This step is clearly in front of me, but even I don’t know how to exceed this barrier. Maybe it will be today; maybe never in this lifetime, only god knows when.”

Du-Wei took a deep breath before speaking, “Then what is a Saint Paladin?”

“I don’t know.” Hussein shakes his head with confusion in his eyes. “But what I do know is that before reaching Saint Class, there is a great divide between the ordinary levels. Between ordinary knights of eighth and ninth level, even if the strength varies, it is possible to win against a higher level knight by challenging a ninth level knight with a few other eighth level knights. According to legend, once you get to the Saint Class level, even if you gather a lot of ninth level knights, the group would never be able to overcome the Saint Paladin. The difference is only one level, but this last level represents a divide so great that most are unable to cross!”

“……” Du-Wei did not say what he was thinking.

“Sometimes, I feel I’m already very strong.” Hussein showed a wry smile, “When battling Lord Luke and the other holy knight leader, my strength was stronger than they were but I can only handle their joint attacks before reaching my limit. If I was a Saint Paladin….” Hussein shakes his head before closing his mouth.

Seeing Hussein didn’t want to continue the conversation. Du-Wei can only sigh and shake his head before going over to help tend the fire with Dadaneier.

The next afternoon, they finally closed in on to the last marked location on the map, “Canyon”.

In fact, the topography of the place is very simple. Crossing in front is two slopes; the top revealed a yellowish granite rock covered with ice and snow. Between the two slopes is a fracture indicating to what the map called the “Canyon”.

The three men went to the entrance of the Canyon, but kept their silence because on both sides, as if deliberately left there, stood two stone sculptures!

On the left is a human Knight, approximately the size of an ordinary person. This stone sculpture was finely carved at the grand master level of engraving! The Knight’s sword was still waving with an angry facial expression, almost lifelike! The body armor looked somewhat broken, but even the broken gaps were carved with a high degree of detail.

Gently wiping away a layer of snow, exposed the Knight’s armor. Even the patterns are exquisite and clear!!

Du-Wei’s face suddenly changed as he observed the overly life like statue.

“These…… stone statues are not carved! They are real people, only petrified!”

Very quickly, Du-Wei and Dadaneier looked at each other before uttering a word at the same time!

“Golden eye Python!”

Hussein masked a somber face, then suddenly pulled out a sword. Frowning, he whispered. “Hey! I feel that hateful feeling again! There is something secretly peeking at us! Like…… Right here!”

If you like this translation, you can sponsor for a extra chapter release by donating.



* * *





Chapter 74




Chapter 74 “The Treant Race”

Once Hussein finished speaking, he lightly waved his sword through the air in self defense. While in the knight’s hand, a muffled ringing sound could be heard even though the sword was broken. The sound carried a murderous chilling atmosphere and while standing next to Hussein, Du Wei can clearly feel a hair raising chill through his side.

Dadaneier was also nervously looking around. “What did you find? Could it be the golden eye Python?”

“No,” Hussein spoke coldly. “Golden eye Pythons are solitary magical beasts, while there are a lot of these things around.”

In the air, there was a faint voice like that of rustling leaves and branches. Then from a distance, a buckling sound was oscillating around the area, causing the snow on top of the trees and rocks to flutter down to the ground.

In addition, Du Wei also heard a strange voice like that of a conversation. The buzzes were not like that of a human’s voice, nor a howl like that of magical beast. Among the shaking sounds of rustling leaves, the sounds of swarming bees could be heard….

Then all of a sudden, snipping sounds could be heard from numerous places, like those of wood breaking.

What happened after was a real eye opener for Du Wei.

About 20 paces from them, a cedar tree suddenly shook as it pulled its roots out from the snow! Shaking a few times to remove the soil and ice clinging to it, the huge roots split into two sections like a person’s leg. Then in a clumsy way, it took two steps forward!

Du Wei suddenly breaks out of his shock!

That buzzing rustling sound was like some sort of wakeup signal. Soon, in the surrounding forest, countless number of trees started to shake as if awaking from slumber! Pulling out their roots from the snow, the trees started to walk awkwardly towards them.

Du Wei and Dadaneier were already frozen in place as they watched. As for Hussein, his face had a thoughtful look as he peered at the living trees.

The “Treants” increased in numbers as they gathered. With more than 10 to a couple of dozen of these huge bulking bodies packed towards them from the Canyon entrance, all the while keeping a certain distance from them. These trees didn’t have eyes or mouths, but they did have a lot of arms! Curling their branches up, many of these “Treants” picked up something to be used as “weapons”.

In the mix, there were huge stones, while some were frosted soil from the ground, and some simply grabbed chunks of ice with their vines.

“They are…… Readying to attack us?!” Du Wei shouted, “We need to move back! Head into the Canyon!”

“Wait a minute, just wait a while!” Hussein spoke in a steady voice, “These are Treants, I know they are creatures…… However, Treants are docile magical creatures. They never take the initiative to attack something, so don’t move! If they are provoked, they can wake up more trees! Don’t forget, we are in the frozen forest, there are trees everywhere!

Suddenly, several Treants standing in the front row lets out a strange ROAR as if stirred by the dialogue between the two. (Du Wei could not understand how these things without a mouth, could let out a roaring sound). While roaring, a few Treants used their “hands” to roll up rocks and ice to throw towards the three men!

With a cry, Du Wei quickly chanted a spell and shot forth two wind blades at the huge mass of ice in the air, shattering it.

Facing a dense barrage of rocks facing down upon them, Saddam Hussein suddenly grabbed Du Wei’s the collar with one hand, then with his other hand holding a sword handle, he shoved it against Dadaneier’s chest to push him out of the way. Afterwards, Hussein also jumped away with Du Wei in tow.

The collision of dense raining rocks echoed in the Canyon. The large open area where the three men stood before have been cratered with countless large holes. Gripped with horror from the scene, Du Wei stared at Hussein as he spoke. “Dude, what did you just say? Mild temper? Never take the initiative to attack? They clearly wanted and almost mashed us into mud!”

From a distance, a Treant came towards them in big strides and crushed one of the stone statues, then uttered a roar.

Behind it, hundreds of large Treants have subsequently issued a flurry of tsunami-like cries.

“Hey! They are not very friendly! It’s like they are about to strike at us! Are we going to stand here?” Du Wei wore a bitter and wry smile.

“Your words are nonsense! There are trees everywhere in this place, unless you can immediately run out of the frozen forest! Otherwise, all the trees throughout the forest can be awakened to be their allies! So don’t provoke them!

“Damn it, I didn’t provoke them.” Du Wei scolded with a smile.

One Treant suddenly bent down and swept at the three men with its huge branches. Also somewhat annoyed, a pale golden light flashed across Hussein’s body. With one swing of his broken sword, a golden light flashed across the tree’s “hand” and sliced it apart.

Once the Knight made his move, he didn’t hold back and went all the way! After setting Du Wei down, the knight leaped towards the front of the enemy. In one move, he bypassed a Treant’s large awl like feet, then with his backhand, he cut the leg in a cross motion. In a snap, the leg of the treant was severed, causing the unstable tree to fall down immediately.

The weakness of this huge creature is its slow movement. When a tree falls, it would definitely crush three to four companions with it. Like that of a domino, when one falls, the rest goes with it.

The Knight simply rushed into the crowd of trees. Physically small, he kept jumping and running to and fro between the trees. While the treants simply couldn’t hit him, his sword has already cut down seven or eight trees. And many of the counter attacks by the Treants ended up hitting their mate’s body, causing a rolling queue…. (Note I didn’t really understand this meaning in Chinese, so I had no choice but to leave it be from the translator -一時間樹人的隊列里人仰馬翻……)

Just when Du Wei felt reassured, he could hear a distant whirring and buzzing sound picking up pace. It was as if the Treants were being commanded, suddenly, all the Treants sent out a roar. No longer acting clumsily as they try to land a hit on Hussein, instead, the Treants shed off their leaves and swept towards Hussein in a razor sharp sound!

This attack was much more horrifying than the previous, even comparable to countless magicians simultaneously shooting forth numerous wind blades! No matter how fast the knight is capable of, he is not immune to the attacks from all directions. After rolling around the ground to dodge, his Dou Qi dispersed and spread around his body. The entirety of the knight and the air around him became like that of a golden ball, blocking off the attacking leaves….. In mere moments, the masses of leaves bouncing off the light have piled up like a haystack and almost covered the knight’s body.

It’s not that Du Wei didn’t want to help the knight, in fact, he wanted to help. But just when he peeked his head out from behind a the rock he was hiding behind, two leaves flew and nailed into the rock in front of them. The soft leaves were able to penetrate deeply into the rocks so they had no choice but be honest to themselves and hide.

At this point, the leaves have already covered Hussein entirely, even so, the Knight didn’t give up. Spreading out his arms, the knight took in a deep breath. Suddenly, a vindictive surge of energy erupts from his body and blew the leaves away. Despite being protected by his Dou Qi, he did receive a barrage of attacks over a long period of time, so his body would still be strained. In appearance, Hussein’s eyes now carried a golden glow and the sword he was carrying was shining with a golden light.

Hiding behind the rocks, Du Wei could only hear the sound of a loud explosion…

Boom!!

In one swing, the golden sword instantly cuts down a group of Treants in one area. Even the nearby Treants cracked and broke apart from the impact shock wave of the invincible golden sword Dou Qi (aura). The results were piles of crumbing woods littering the ground.

This one skill of Hussein’s was alarmingly dangerous. After the golden light dims and dispersed, the surrounding 20 meters of land surrounding him was littered with broken pieces of wood. The Treants lucky enough to be further away still ended up lying on the ground. In one sword strike, half of the hundreds of Treants were killed by him!

But this one sword strike obviously consumed a lot of energy from the knight. He was already injured to begin with so his strength was far from recovered. After the use of this skill, his breathing became uneven and a whistling sound could be heard from his mouth. No longer able to withstand the strain on his body any longer, sweat could be seen on his forehead as he held his sword tip facing the ground.

Du Wei and Dadaneier gave each other one look before jumping out from behind the rocks, then quickly ran to Hussein’s side. Immediately, Dadaneier quickly dragged Hussein with him as he ran back towards the rock they were hiding behind. As for Du Wei, ignoring the consumption of magical energy within himself, he shot forth as many fireballs as he could within one breath and lit the heaps of woods on fire. Turning around as fast as he could, Du Wei followed closely behind the other two.

“Run into the Canyon!” Du Wei cried.

“How are we supposed to run?! The entrance leading into the Canyon was blocked!” Dadaneier exclaimed.

The stone throw from the first attack earlier had already blocked off the narrow entrance in the Canyon.

“Then let’s first hide behind the rocks!” Du Wei cried.

The group retreated back to where the two men hid themselves earlier. But behind them, the vibrating rustling and buzzing sound could be heard again from the forest. This time, the sound was traveling even further then before.

“They are summoning more companions.” Hussain sighed, “Let me go, I merely over exhausted myself a bit from that one sword strike…. If it was the normal me, I would take them all down in one strike.

“If it was the normal you, still a Holy Knight, then you wouldn’t have even been chased to this place.” Du Wei showed a wry smile, “You are injured and your strength is only at thirty to forty percent, you can’t cope with the endless amount of monsters. Maybe you can call the old fool out? I think against these things, physical force will be useless against them and the best solution is to use large scale proximity magic.”

“Wait a moment, something seems wrong……” Dadaneier peaks his eyes out on top of the rock to see, then suddenly looked down, “They are not attacking, instead, they are retreating to the back as If waiting for something!”

“What?” Du Wei also sticks his head out.

If you like this translation, you can sponsor for a extra chapter release by donating.



* * *





Chapter 75




Chapter 75 “Fountain of Life”

Sure enough, the Treants did not attack. Instead, they slowly retreated backwards by taking heavy individual steps. Instead of relief, something much more terrifying was happening further behind them. The oscillating sound in the air was awakening even more trees, turning the gigantic bodies into living creatures….

Du-Wei could only shivers from looking at the large tracts of forest in front of him. Within his eyes could see, all the trees are pulling out their roots from the ground and shaking off any clinging snow and ice on them. Like puppets, the dull looking Treants were coming over to surround them……

“My God…… How many do they have?” Dadaneier sighed.

“God knows…… This is a forest, how big is the frozen forest? How many trees are there? 100,000 trees? 200,000? Hell……”Du-Wei cursed, “But why didn’t they attack instead of standing there? What are they waiting for……”

Indeed, these Treants are waiting for something.

Soon, a heavy tremor like foot step sound was coming closer from further away. Du-Wei could even feel a heavy oscillation on the ground. Suddenly, the large group of Treants separated apart and formed an opening like a road. A gigantic being was walking in a low speed towards them within the crowd of trees.

Du-Wei’s first impression was “This thing is so fucking BIG!”

If the other Treants were considered giants….. Then this guy is a giant among giants.

From Du-Wei’s visual assessment, this thing is at least seven to eight-stories-high. The whole body torso was dark and hard, covered in dry and old bark, it was like rusty metal. As it walked, the branches produced a rustling sound due to the lush foliage on its body.

Du-Wei noticed, this biggest tree in appearance was very close to a “human” because its roots has been clearly divided into two branch forks like that of a person’s leg. As for its body’s trunk, it was clearly like that of the English letter “Y” shape and the side branches were forked out like a human’s finger.

Du-Wei saw the Treants “hand”, on the finger hung a large round vine shape thing…… As if it was a horn?

The most surprising thing was actually on the trunk of the tree; there is a “face”!

There’s a sharp bump like that of a nose, below it was an opening curving sideways. The bark around that area was very thick, like that of a lip….

All other Treants acted as if they are afraid of this big guy, putting themselves up behind it. “Seems like this guy is the leader of the Treants.” Du-Wei thought.

“Y-o-u….” This chief of the Treants sent out a rich and deep voice, although very jerky, Du-Wei still managed to make out the words of the human language……

Heck, it could actually speak the common language of the Roland continent?

“What… Is… Your… Reason… To… Kill… My… Companions…” The sound of each word echoed in the forest while the deep and rich voice still carried the taste of anger.

Du-Wei steeled his nerve and ventured out of the rock cover. Watching the big guy, he shouted. “It was you who attacked us first!”

“You … … Did … … Not… … Follow … … The … … Agreement!” The Treant leader was very angry, even the tree Crown was shaking. Evil … … Eye … … Tyrant … … Promised … … … … Each … … Ten years … … Will … … Allow … … Us … … To … … Enter … … The … … Valley … … One time … … !”

It sounds as if they are interrogating him. “Today is … The … Ten years … … … … Agreement date, why … Do … You want to … … Massacre … … My … … Tribal men … …. At … The Canyon … … Entrance? Can it be … … Evil Eye Tyrant … … Again … Want… To … Stir up … … War … … With … … … … The … … Treants!”

Ten years? Agreement date? Evil Eye Tyrant? War?

Du-Wei immediately understood… … This is probably a misunderstanding.

Seeing the leader of the Treants about to start raging, Du-Wei immediately stood up straight and shouted. “Wait, can I ask a question?”

The Treant Leader looked at Du-Wei.

Du-Wei took a deep breath and then laughed in the mildest tone. “Excuse me, you said the Evil Eye Tyrant, what is it? I’m not familiar with such a thing.”

Once said, the Treants and the three men were silent. Luckily the Treants had no eyes, or else it would have been a wonderful “wide eyes staring scene.

“You … Are … Not … Men’s … Of … The … Evil Eye Tyrant?”

“No, I’ve never heard of this name.” Du-Wei replied.

“That … … You … … Is … … I’m sorry?”

Du-Wei jumped out from behind the rock with open arms. Then, with a smile, he tidied his body before speaking. ”You have to ask? We’re humans; you’ve never seen a human?”

The Treant leader was silent for a while before taking a few steps forward with its sturdy and thick legs, then bending its body slightly down to carefully inspect Du-Wei. After a moment, the Treant leader once again stood up straight and spoke with a hint of joy in its voice. “Oh, you … … Are … … Human! I … … Remember … … Humans … … From a long time … … Ago … … A … … Human … … Friend … … Taught … … Me … … Speech……”

The Treant leader may be slow, but from the tone of its voice, Du-Wei could tell it was not stupid. In a quick turnaround, the Treant leader’s voice changed from joy, back to anger as it spoke. “But … … You … … Hurt … … My … … Companion!”

“It was your companions who attacked us first.” Du-Wei seemed to believe the Treants could be easily bullied, “We were just standing here. Then your allies appeared and started throwing stones at us.”

“Hmmm … …” The Treant leader muttered some low sounding words, seemingly in thought. Afterwards, it cried out in a loud voice, “Very well … … It … … was … My … Companions … … First … …”

His slow speaking style caused Du-Wei to feel impatient and annoyed. “In that case, can we go now?”

“No … …” The Treant leader was inadequate in his word, but soon found the most suitable words to express his meaning. “Compensation!!”

Compensation? Du-Wei thought and thought… … Compensation for the seventy to eighty Treants that were blown into pieces by Hussein? How or what can he compensate with? With gold coins? But what would a Treant need gold for? Do we have to pay life with life? Chop down a few trees and we get sentenced to death? Where in the world is there such logic?

Anyways, no matter how Du-Wei thought about it, he felt his side was in the right. After all, their group was just standing here before the Treants appeared. Without provocation, the Treants first started throwing huge stones capable of mashing a person to death. They only retaliated in self-defense….. How can they just stand here and let the group of Treants kill them?

However, it is clear, the slow and stubborn Treant leader was not speaking logical and fair. Du-Wei spent a moment in thought and recalled the topic from before. Immediately, Du-Wei had an idea. “Dear Treant Sir. Excuse me, did you say Evil Eye Tyrant, could you explain what is going on? I heard you mention war?”

……

The Treant is not an eligible and qualified speaker. Its slow and deep voice was like the old fashioned folks from Du-Wei’s past life. These kinds of folks could cause a simple and short subject to take so long that the sun would go down before making things clear.

Du-Wei speculated.

From the Treant leader’s word, this land and the whole frozen forest territory belonged to the Treant tribe. This knowledge made him think the Treant leader was only bragging because they have already been in the forest for a few days and he has never seen a tree able to survive in this place.

Oh, by the way, the heavy guy introduced himself and it had a name that is commensurate with its status, “Greenwood.”

In Greenwood’s words, it was born in this land, living in this land; it is a standard and pure Treant.

Du-Wei did not care whether there is any so-called “pedigree” in the Treants lineage, but what Greenwood (Treant Leader) said did intrigue him.

First of all, the large groups of Treants standing in front of them are not real Treants. The only real Treant is Greenwood and he claimed the only real Treant left on this land was him. As for the companions around him, they were all awakened by the horn wrapped around his tree vine hand.

Du-Wei speculated that the so-called companions actually mean subordinates.

The horn’s name “natural horn”, gave Du-Wei a magical sense of feeling. The heirloom of the Treants, passed on from generation to generation. Once blown, the horns sound will awaken all the surrounding trees and make them into “Companions” that will wait for commands.

And the Treants tribal heritage surprised Du-Wei. They had no gender distinctions, and their heritage was through the “natural horn.”

The probable case is using the “natural Horn” to awaken the “Companions” at the beginning with no intelligence or self-awareness. At this stage, they would only act by the orders of the real Treant and perform only simple actions.

“But why did they attack us?” Du-Wei questioned.

Old Greenwood’s answer to Du-Wei’s question made him regret asking. The Evil Eye Tyrant has been destroying the forest, so the trees all hated this guy, and they all thought the three of you stationed at the valley entrance were subordinates of the Evil Eye Tyrant. They are not able to distinguish what is a human….. So forgive these non-consciousness Treants?

When first awakened, a Treant wouldn’t have any self-consciousness. In a small chance, with years of growth, they will slowly develop self-consciousness. Such occurrences are very rare and only a small number of “Companions” would truly become a real “Treant”.

According to what he said, there was originally a few real Treant in this forest. The numbers of this tribal race wasn’t much, only around 3 to 5. The saying that Treants are a sparsely populated race, made Du-Wei feel helpless and annoyed. There are clearly trees everywhere, but the numbers that could truly become real Treants are simply too little. Most of these will forever remain in the stage of lacking self-awareness.

Originally out of the 3 to 5 Treants, Greenwood was the oldest. According to his words, they have been happily living in this forest because they had no natural enemies. Whether it was magical beasts, or simply something else entirely, they were no threat to them.

Until one day…..

A power and evil existence came to this “beautiful, harmonious” place. (Old Greenwood’s words) That guy is called “evil eye tyrant”, he robbed the most valuable asset belonging to the Treants and that is this Canyon!

Although this forest has an infinite expanse of land, this small Canyon is indispensable to the Treant race!

Because… … In this Canyon, there is an heirloom treasure related to the Treant family, passed on from one generation to the next. It is a pity that this treasure has been confiscated by the Evil Eye Tyrant.

What’s more maddening is that when the angry Treants came with their “Companions” to find the evil guy and argue with him, the Evil Eye Tyrant used his strong magical powers to kill Old Greenwoods peers. Out of the original 3 to 5 real Treants, only one was left and the rest was killed by the Evil Eye tyrant. What’s even worse was that this guy used the body remains to erect his own palace inside this very Canyon.

Angry Old Greenwood blew the “natural Horn” and gathered a large number of his “Companions” together in an attack on the Canyon, but the Treants weren’t able to win against the powerful Evil Eye Tyrant. The strong presence of this evil used his magic to drive around the magical beasts in the Canyon! Even undead ghouls and spirits would crawl out from the ground! Faced with such monsters, Old Greenwood lost many of his “Companions”.

Fortunately, this is the forest, and Old Greenwood can call forth an endless number of “Companions”. No matter what, the Evil Eye Tyrant still had a doubt of hesitation. Finally, under a stalemate, the two sides managed to reach a truce agreement.

Old Greenwood requested the return of the Canyon, but the Evil Eye Tyrant refused. Finally, under the agreement by both sides, the Treants will be allowed to enter the Canyon once each ten years.

“What is there at the end of the Canyon?” Du-Wei was even more interested in this after listening to the story.

“The Fountain of…. Life” Old Greenwood replied, “Source….. of the Treant race’s continuation!”

If you like this translation, you can sponsor for a extra chapter release by donating.



* * *





Chapter 76




Chapter 76 “him!”

To the Treant tribe, “the fountain of life” also has another ancient name, “the fountain of youth”.

This spring is said to be the Treants everlasting foundation. From a long time ago, ancient legends of the Treants told a tale of when there were still no Treants in this world. Beside this spring, a gigantic tree grew next to it, over time, its roots absorbed the magical waters and came alive. This being became the first ever Treant and the ancestor of every living Treant in this world.

Later on, the only ancestor of the Treants felt very lonely in this world without any peers. With heaven’s mercy, they gave the ancestor the “natural trumpet” as a solution. With the sound of the horn, the ancestor was able to awaken other trees.

From then on, the Treant specie came into the world.

As for the Fountain of youth, the biggest use of it is to extend the life span of the Treant race. You need to understand, the process of awakening a tree into a Treant is a very long time. From the initial awakening call from the horn, each “Companion” still had no sense of self awareness. At this point, they are no different then a bunch of walking and moving woods without a will. In order to form self awareness, a long time is required….. Not just years or decades, but hundreds of years or even more.

The problem is that most life span of trees generally only lasts a century or so, from a small seedling, growing into a tree, takes a few decades, what’s left of its life span after being awakened into a “Companion” is only a few decades.

From “Companion” classes, to becoming a real “Treant”, would at a minimum require at least hundreds of years. Most trees would never have this kind of long lifespan. Wouldn’t they be dead from age before forming self consciousness?

Therefore, the fountain of youth, is especially important to the Treants. All the Treants tribesman would only need to use their roots to absorb a little bit of the spring water, then they can live forever. Living a life span of 2000 afterwards would not be a problem.

Hearing this, Du-Wei can’t help but once again raise some questions. “If you only need to absorb a little bit of the spring’s water in order to live a very long time….. Then why did the Treants only have 3 to 5 members left before the Evil Eye Tyrant appeared? In theory, all the “Companion” class Treants could have a long life span by absorbing the spring water, then they just need to await the slow formation of its self awareness.

The last Treant in this world “Geenwood” let out a long sigh as he spoke in a low and helpless tone. “Because…… Spring… Water… Very…… Scarce……”

After some explanation, Du-Wei finally got it.

This fountain is just very small when compared to the large body of the Treants. Such a spring is simply not enough water for the Treants to enjoy.

According Greenwood’s words, this spring is only as big as a tree branch. No one knows where the spring water flows from and during the spring season, it would sometimes dry up. Once dried, it would be a few years before it started flowing again.

Sometimes full, sometimes dry, such an unstable state….. And adding on to that, a single drink for a Treant requires a large amount water. Such a state has effected the Treant species’ ability to produce the next generation and kept the population of this race really low.

According to Greenwood’s depiction, Du-Wei stumbled a little on one point…… Maybe they are simply too kind hearted, or too simple mind. Before the Evil Eye Tyrant appeared, the Canyon was completely under the control of the Treants, but they never once thought of hogging the fountain all to themselves.

They naively thought it was the gift of the Gods, so they happily shared the already scarce spring water with the magical beasts of the forest, making the scarce spring water to become even scarcer!

But it is a pity, the longevity granted by this fountain of youth seems to only effect the Treants. As for the magical beasts that drank the spring water, there doesn’t seem to be any significant effects on its life….. Yet, there is another miraculous effect.

First of all, no matter how many injuries, even if it is in the dying state, as long as it is able to drink the spring water, then they would immediately be revived! This fact was enough to cause Du-Wei’s eye to sparkle with delight!

Secondly, this spring water seemed to be able to increase the magical level in the magical beasts. Once a magical beast takes even a sip, it would go through some sort of change. Simply put, it will go through “advancement”. This concept was somewhat vague so Du-Wei pressed on with his inquiries. Unfortunately, Old Greenwood’s words were not clear, but he did refer to an example that raised Du-Wei’s interest.

When Old Greenwood was younger (God knows how old he was when referring to the word “young”), the kind and gentle Treants had no problems with the surrounding magical beasts at all. It used to have a friend that was a fully grown adult magical ice wolf. After drinking the spring water, this demon wolf immediately went through a advancement event. From a lower middle class demon wolf, the creature incredibly advanced into a higher “Storm King of wolves”.

According to the current knowledge of the magician’s trade union and their rough grading of magical beasts, the “Storm King of wolves” is one of the ultimate advanced state of the ice demon wolf. This creature is a truly high class magical creature, not only does it have all the powers of the ordinary ice demon wolf, it is stronger, more intellectual, and its wisdom is even higher….. At the same time, it also has another ability called “Summoning”.

A summoning call from the Storm King wolf can be strong or weak based according to the amount of magic it used and the geographical area covered. From that, it could call forth all the creatures within this area….. Noting “everything within it”, without any distinction of its kind or race. As long as the creature is of lower rank than the Storm King wolf, the creature would become its subordinate and obey any commands given! In other words, this is an “ultimate summon spell”. In the case of an adult Storm King Wolf using the summoning spell, all lower ranked creatures within the scope of its influence would become its subordinate.

“This is practically an army regiment of magical beasts……” Du-Wei sighed.

However, this example did show the miraculous effect of the fountain of youth. Du-Wei’s eye was sparkling even brighter then before!

What’s even more surprising to Du-Wei, there is also a case that the spring has a miraculous effect on humans. In his explanation of why he was able to speak the human language of the Roland empire, Old Greenwood said something very shocking.

When Old Greenwood was born, he was not naturally capable of speaking the human language. Du-Wei did not ask whether the Treants have their own language, but at least a one thing is clear, a new born tree is not capable of speech at birth. Even humans need to start from an infant age when learning a language.

It was a human that taught Old Greenwood the human language.

A Long time ago…… Du-Wei is completely perplexed at Old Greenwood’s age, but anyways, what it said of being a long time ago should be at least a few hundred years ago. At that time, a strong and powerful human must have stayed in the forest for a long period of time and made the gentle and kind Treants into his friends. Old Greenwood’s ability to speak the human language should have been from this human. As a token of their friendship, Old Greenwood must have taken this person to the fountain of youth and let him have a taste of the springs magic.

Du-Wei believed that a human capable of coming this deep into the frozen forest has to be an expert found only one in a million. Without sufficient strength, one will definitely not be able to get here. “Then what?” Du-Wei’s heart was moving, “This human, is a friend of yours? Who is he and do you know his name?”

“…… Let me…… Think…… “Old Greenwood thought about it for a long time, and then answered with a sense regret in his reply, “Time… Is… Too long…… I…… Already…… Forgot…… His…… Name…… But…… I…… Know…… He…… Is…… A…… Emperor of mankind, Hmmm…… That’s right… He… Is…… ‘The Emperor’, this…… Word….. I…… Remember……”

Don’t even bother mentioning the joy that Old Greenwood felt for not forgetting the term because words cannot be used to describe the inner shock Du-Wei felt at this moment.

Once upon a time, an Emperor of mankind with the ability to go this deep into the frozen forests.

During the thousand years of history of the Roland continent, the only one that can be considered extremely powerful, and has the identity of the Emperor, thinking it over and over……. The only person that comes up was Aragon Roland!

Du-Wei couldn’t help but sigh. Why….. It seems whatever quirky or legendary event that he encountered has a relationship with this expert of his generation? Deliberating for a second, whatever news that he could get is already out….. At this thought, Du-Wei’s heart felt guilty.

The Treant tribe was truly gentle and kind. Old Greenwood was simple-minded and his temperament was also docile. Du-Wei didn’t even need to lead him on much and the Treant already spilled out everything he wanted to know. A part of Du-Wei wanted to sigh at the extremely simple minded nature of the Treants. The existence of the fountain of youth will definitely cause anyone that knows of such a thing to get involved, but at the same time, Du-Wei couldn’t help but have a peculiar and pure emotion towards Old Greenwood.

“Dear Greenwood….. Treant friend,” Du-Wei bowed his body slightly, then smiled.” I’m sorry for hurting your “Companions”, of course, we are also willing to make compensation. Well then, me and my partners also have some nice skills and abilities. I’m sympathetic towards the Treants misfortune, I’d like to help you fight against the Evil Eye Tyrant inside the Canyon. In such a way, we can make amends for the conflict from earlier, how do you like my proposal?”

Now it was Old Greenwood that was not assured and the thing that he said afterwards made Du-Wei feel worried….

If you like this translation, you can sponsor for a extra chapter release by donating.



* * *





Chapter 77




77th Chapter “evil eye tyrant”

“You are not the first human beings to come here!”

Just more than 20 years ago, there was a group of humans that came to this place and didn’t have any conflicts with the Treant tribe. Just like now, they met Old Greenwood and decided to enter the Canyon in order to kill the Evil Eye Tyrant. The results……..

Old Greenwood very kindly pointed towards the stone sculpture located at the Canyon entrance….. Unfortunately, a Treant “Companion has already stepped on it earlier and caused it to shatter into pieces.

Du-Wei immediately recalled what Bienlich (the head of the snow wolf mercenary) said to him. According to records, the deepest place in the frozen forest that humanity has reached is this Canyon. About 20 years ago, a Grand Magician accompanied by a group of advanced level knights came to this place and was completely wiped out except the Grand Magician that escaped alone.

Du-Wei even suspected the gift given to him by Bienlich was in fact a map left behind by this wizard.

The way the Treants expressed themselves was awkward, but their meaning was very obvious. I have seen how powerful the humans that came to this place before, but they were all defeated by the Evil Eye Tyrant. So we don’t believe you could defeat the Evil Eye Tyrant…..

“Thank you for this reminder, but the Treants have nothing to lose in this, right?” Du-Wei smiled, “We will go and kill the evil being. If we lose this battle, it has nothing to do with the Treants, and if we succeed, then we can think of it as compensation for earlier.”

Du-Wei’s remark gave no room for Old Greenwood to critique, but the Treant once again demonstrated its incredibly naïve and gentle nature. Old Greenwood slowly bent down its body, then plucked off a leaf after searching through its branches…… Du-Wei noticed, the leaf was golden colored.

“If…… You are in danger….. Put it….. In the…… Ground, then maybe….. It will protect….You for a little while.”

Du-Wei was shocked, you need to understand, they are currently still at odds against the Treants. Du-Wei could only sigh at the kindness and innocent nature of the Treants, as well as the speed they forget their hatred…… Even if they manage to increase the population of their race, the likelihood of them surviving is difficult.

With a sigh, Du-Wei returned to the back of the rock and looked at his two companions. “Hey, you clearly heard right? I think we have something to do….. Who knows what kind of freak this Evil Eye Tyrant is.”

Hussein spoke in a light tone. “Whatever it is, I don’t believe this place has anything that could be of an opponent for me. I’m only interested in the spring.”

“Oh, Yes.” Du-Wei spoke with a smile, “The spring water should be able to cure you of your wounds.”

“No!” Hussein sneered, “I don’t care about my injury…… But I must go and see this place that Aragon went before!”

“What about you?” Du-Wei gave Dadaneier a look, “What do you have in mind, my friend?”

With a straight face, he pulled his bow string a little to make a point, then sternly spoke. “Maybe the Canyon has the golden eye Python. Apparently that stone statue was caused by petrification magic, chances are the golden eye Python is in there.”

“Well then,” Du-Wei spoke these words to himself then laughed. “Then let us go in and have a look!”

Old Greenwood directed his “Companions” to move the stones blocking the entrance mouth into the Canyon. These mighty Treant “Companions” were able to easily remove the stones, revealing the entrance space. Afterwards, Du-Wei and his companions waved goodbye to Old Greenwood and headed off into the Canyon. ……

Du-Wei and his companions did not know how big this Canyon was. Although from the introduction of Old Greenwood, the Canyon was supposed to be “not much in size”. But when measured against the height and volume of a Treant, Du-Wei felt this place was not small at all.

From entering the entrance to the Canyon, there was a turn about ten meters away that was covered in a thick fog, causing the three men to frown.

This is a real “thick” fog, Du-Wei can clearly feel the moisture in the air. Even by just freely walking through the fog, the water moisture would cling to the body.

Du-Wei has never seen such a thick fog. The visibility was pretty bad and the range is only about five-steps away.

This Canyon was inhabited by a powerful evil being and coupled with bad visibility in this area, there is no doubt this place was very dangerous, so Du-Wei tried a number of different approaches. At first, he tried to magically attract a small gust of wind to blow away the fog, but after the wind passed, the expanse of land was still foggy and white. Du-Wei was able to confirm one thing and it was that this fog was created by magic…..

Barely lighting up a torch, (This branch was torn off from a Treant by Du-Wei before they went into the Canyon) Hussein, the most powerful of the group led the way in the front. As for Dadaneier, he was in the back and Du-Wei was kept in the middle due to having the worst melee capabilities.

Walking for a while in this thick fog, Du-Wei always maintained a high level of alert as he carefully sensed the surrounding movements. But whether it was Du-Wei, or the quick to react Hussein, they were not able to sense any suspicious movements or things around.

Rather, it was the experienced adventurer Dadaneier, that raised a question. “Did you notice the ground here has less and less snow as we continue walking?”

Once said, it reminded both Du-Wei and Hussein of this fact. The two men suddenly noticed there was less snow on their feet. Sniffing the air, Du-Wei frowned as he spoke. “It’s not just the snow getting less, but rather, the Canyon seemed to be warmer than the outside.” Du-Wei pointed to the ground and slowed squatted down to dig his hand into the soft and wet earth. “If it was in the frozen forest, even a knife would have a difficult time cutting into the frozen earth.”

Continuing to walk for a while, almost all of the snow on the ground disappeared. Once the snow on the ground melted away, the soil became very muddy and cause the three men to feel very uncomfortable from the slippery mud. Fortunately, further in they went, the terrain becomes higher and drier.

In a quick flash of his eyes, Du-Wei once again stopped. “You guys noticed?”

Hussein and Dadaneier also stopped and nodded.

Du-Wei touched the ground with his hand, then smiled. “The ground is hot, damn, could this Canyon be a giant geothermal area?”

Dadaneier laughed, “So this is why the snow melted.”

Du-Wei thought for a moment, then suddenly figured out one thing about the thick fog!

This fog is due to the cold air outside and the warm air in the Canyon colliding together, then amassing in the Canyon’s mouth. As the snow melts, the water vaporizes into the air and forms the fog…. It also seems to be that the other party is determined to use magic to solidify the mist, creating a special zone that doesn’t allow the wind to evaporate the fog.

Walking into the Canyon, the ground becomes even drier and the temperature in the air also rises.

From the beginning till now, since coming into the Canyon, Du-Wei has been feeling helpless. The group of three has been traveling on a small pathway filled with different turns and curves, similar to that of a maze. This situation continued until the fog started to gradually clear up. Now they could feel the ground below their feet was dry and from observation, they could see some weeds and green mosses on both sides of the mountain rocks!

Compared to the outside filled with ice, snow and cold wind, the temperature in the Canyon was much more comfortable.

“It seems that the Evil Eye Tyrant robbed a good place.” Dadaneier couldn’t help but laughed, “For there to be such a place in this hellish forest, I would definitely be reluctant to return this place to others. It is freezing out there!”

Sensing the warmth in this area, Du-Wei already unbuttoned the upper area of his fur coat so that he could stick his neck out for some air. Despite his effort, Du-Wei could feel sweat forming on his body. In the end, he even took off his fur hat and held it in his arms while he carefully surveyed the area.

Feeling somewhat better now, Du-Wei could almost ignore the fog entirely because of how thin it was now compared to before. Earlier, the fog not only affected the eyes visibility, it was also thick with humidity, causing Du-Wei to have coughing fit. There was no doubt in his mind that many terrible moistures were forcibly contained in the misty fog for a long period of time. If a person were to breath this into their very lungs, they would receive pulmonary edema. (Excess water accumulates in the lungs).

At this moment, there was no fog to hinder their sight, thus allowing the three men to have a good look at this place.

From observation, the road leading into the deeper part of the Canyon was gradually getting wider and the mountain on the side was still exposing a rocky surface. Occasionally on the blueish and grayish rock crevices, there would sometimes be clusters of unknown little plants. At the same time, Du-Wei could also see on both sides of the Canyon valley, there were countless numbers of rotting woods and the ones with corrupted roots, Du-Wei could not guess how many years it has been since they were like that.

“Hey look, there is something interesting.” Hussein, the person in the lead suddenly uttered a strange cry after he spoke.

Du-Wei and Dadaneier at once ran up to him and saw Hussein standing beside a “stone tablet”.

Calling it a “stone tablet” was somewhat pushing it. From its look, it was clearly a big rock by the roadside, only a part of it was cut off to show a neat section. On the surface was a few words carved into it and the text was clearly that of the Empire!

“Kingdom of the Evil Eyes notice: Please note that you have already set foot on the territory of the Kingdom of the Evil Eye. This piece of land is under the rule of the great king of the Kingdom of the Evil Eye. According to the decree promulgated by the great evil eye king himself, any organism, whether magical beast, human, Treant, or anything else, must dedicate and pay taxes to his majesty if they are passing or crossing the territory of the Kingdom. Every living creature in transit is to offer one of their eyes! This notice is the supreme law of the kingdom, if any outsider do not abide by this royal decree, they are to be killed on sight!”

If you like this translation, you can sponsor for a extra chapter release by donating.



* * *





Chapter 78




78th chapter “The Animal Kingdom?

Evil Eye kingdom….

Evil Eye King?

Du-Wei had a wry smile as he spoke, “Could it be that this guy has already built a nation here and proclaimed himself king? A animal kingdom? Monster Kingdom?”

Seeing this notice piqued the curiosity Du-Wei had about this “Evil Eye Tyrant”.

“Offer up an eye….” Hussein made a sneering sound, then suddenly took a step backwards. Before Du-Wei and Dadaneier could react, the knight has already cut down with his sword against the giant stone. As the stone split into two halves, a clicking sound could be heard just before the pieces fell down to the ground. Afterwards, there was a trace of golden light in Hussein’s eye as he takes a step forward again. With his feet on the surface of the stone, Hussein easily crushed it into rubble. “I’d like to see this king.”

At this time, the sound of a couple of crows singing could be heard. From afar, the group could see inside the Canyon was a withered tree and on top of the dead branches were a few crows. These crows kept cracking at at the trio and one of the crows could even speak the human tongue as it cried out. “Outside! Outsider!”

Once it finished talking, the crow flapped its wings and let out a cry of “go and inform”. Like a signal, the other few crows flew into the air and headed into the Canyon valley.

Hussein coldly sneered before casually kicking a few rocks near its foot. Then two shoop shoop sounds could be heard as the stones shot down two crows from afar. Suddenly, two sets of feathers could be seen from afar because the birds were pulverized from impact. Despite this, one crow was intentionally left alive to bring the news along.

“Oh, you should have put them all down.” Du-Wei sighed, “It’s not good to let the person get ready.”

“I deliberately left it.” After saying that, Hussein went ahead with big strides as he headed inside the Canyon.

Dadaneier pulled against Du-Wei a bit to get his attention, then with a normal face, he pulled out a small bag from his body. Once he finished removing the multiple layers of covering, many blackish items were revealed. “These items are what I personally carried with me to deal with the golden eye python. The most powerful characteristic of the python is its eyes and if you so much as glance at it, you will fall victim to its petrification magic. These several items were created by the Lister family only after spending a huge price and reading through many ancient books.

Du-Wei only gave the items a glimpse, yet he couldn’t help himself but say, “Sunglasses?”

“What?” Dadaneier asked instead.

“Oh, nothing.” Du-Wei shook his head at once. From appearance alone, the items that Dadaneier took out was similar to an item in Du-Wei’s past life known as “sunglasses”.

Every piece of the item was very small. The two slices of black crystal were polished till it was almost translucent and was fastened to a golden frame to secure it in place. Then on the sides were two leather holsters to keep it fastened to the ears.

“These black Crystals are very rare and only after putting in a lot of effort, were we able to buy them.” Dadaneier smiled, “Do not underestimate these things. Just these things alone cost us 80,000 gold pieces to purchase. We came into these woods with eight people and each person carried with them a piece. Now that I have eight of these in my possession to use among the three of us, it should be more than enough for each of us to wear a piece when dealing with the gold eye python. We won’t have to be afraid of the python and also I think that person called the “Evil Eye Tyrant” has something strange going on with its eyes. Maybe these items will be useful when the times come.”

“Don’t thank me, I should be thanking you.” Dadaneier looked strange as he whispered, “I know it very well, with the power of my party alone, it wouldn’t have even been enough to protect ourselves. Without your help, it would have been virtually impossible to get here….. Regardless of what kind of people you are, I owe you guys a big favor.””Thank you.” Du-Wei didn’t refuse and reached out to take a pair of “sunglasses” to wear.

Once these words “Regardless of what kind of people you are” is out, Du-Wei can’t help but feel somewhat embarrassed. He originally gave Dadaneier a false name, but later on with Hussein joining the team, he could no longer hide it because the knight knew his real identity. It was inevitable that Hussein would call out his real name, even if he doesn’t call out his name, the occasional shouting of “Boy of the Rowling House” is enough to reveal his true identity.

Even though Dadaneier also heard this, he didn’t say anything.

Today, his little facade was shattered like a glass window. Du-Wei can’t help but feel awkward from this situation. Dadaneier has always been very open and honest towards him, but he has been deceiving his fellow companion for so many days. (And during the first meeting with Hussein, Dadaneier tried to protect Du-Wei despite knowing defeat was inevitable) Du-Wei really cherished this relationship.

With a look of shame, Du-Wei whispered, “OK, Dadaneier… I’m not intentionally trying to fool you…… Well then, my real name is Du-Wei and I’m from the Rowling family. My father is Earl Raymond….. I request your understanding because I don’t want the fact that I’m learning magic to be spread among a lot of people.”

Dadaneier laughed, then embraced Du-Wei with open arms. “Whoever you are, you are my friend and benefactor. It doesn’t matter if you are a magician, you are you. I swear that I will help you to keep it a secret.”

The three men kept moving forward until a loud sound of rocks colliding, shouting, and crying reached them from the front.

The trio looked at each other before picking up speed. Du-Wei’s hand-shrank into his sleeve, and Dadaneier readied his bow and arrow, while Hussein strode forward in the front of the group ready to face whatever was awaiting them.

Turning the final corner, the land in front of them opened up, but Du-Wei couldn’t help but feel a little surprised at the scene before them.

Before them was a field about the size of a football stadium or maybe even bigger.

Right here was a city wall currently being built!

Yes, no lie’s, it is a city wall!!

Some tall giant thing was walking back and forth, carrying big slabs of squared stones and piling it up together……

Next to it was a group of diminutive gray beings full of body fur, looking something like that of a Groundhog. Whips in hand while running around, it looked like they are acting like overseers!

These overseers are slightly shorter than the average human… it seems as though a mouse had evolved into a human being. These things looked like a mouse, but walked upright with each step they took. And on their bodies hung barks or animal skins like that of “clothing’s”.

With a vine whip in hand, these things would from time to time whip the stone carrying giants, then scold them in a sharp voice.

And those giants carrying the stones…… Du-Wei was clearly surprised by this.

Those poor “slaves” were actually all Treants!

No, to be more precise, it was a group of Treant “companions”! But soon, Du-Wei detected something strange.

The Treant “Companion” class beings no longer had a body of wood! Instead, their body has been turned into stone! As if caused by some petrification magic, they were moving awkwardly back and forth like mechanical machines, laboriously working without stop.

Moreover, those mice supervisors were very short, but these petrified Treant companions acted as if they were afraid of those supervisors. Or rather, they were afraid the whip in their hands!

These whips in the mouse’s hand seemed to have some kind of magic. Although their heights would only allow their whips to reach the torso of the Treant companions, but the Treant companions howled in pain every time they were hit.

Du-Wei and his companions went closer, but was soon noticed by the supervisors. Immediately, there was screaming and crying in the air, “Outsider! Outsider!……”

Unfortunately, before he could finish another word, Hussein snorted and with a golden flash, the mouse’s head was beaten to a pulp.

This one action caused the other supervisors to be terrified. As they cried out while fleeing in all directions, the petrified Treant companions dropped their stones in hand and stood there motionless. In their state of panic, some of the supervisors ended up bumping into the legs of the Treant companions, knocking themselves out.

“Hey, you acted too fast.” Du-Wei sighed.

“We have to cause a ruckus anyways.” Hussein didn’t care.

Then suddenly the sound of a horn could be heard behind the half completed city wall. From the city gate, a team of soldiers rushed out.

Du-Wei felt this trip was truly an eye-opener. The supervising mouses could actually walk upright and spit out criticism from its mouth This was enough to pique the curiosity in Du-Wei regarding this animal kingdom, but the best part was the team of soldiers that came out of the city walls. The scene that followed caused him to laugh so hard that his stomach almost broke.

This is a team of cavalry?

Approximately more than 10 soldiers were coming towards them while riding on their “mounts”. They looked a lot stronger than the supervising mouse’s from earlier. Every soldier donned a uniform style armor, but the armor was made from animal skins. In the back, there was even someone holding a linen woven flag and a giant eyeball patten was clearly drawn on it.

And the mount ridden by the cavalry team was of course not a horse…… Instead, the whole team was riding on a team of giant trees.

Although they were not horses, these giant trees looked complete and not lacking in anyway. From afar, it looked like a mouse was riding a silent tree.

But these guys were clearly full of killing intent as they flew out of the gate and quickly surrounded the trio. From the group, a large mouse pointed a sharp spear like stick at the trio, then shouted in a sharp and unpleasant voice. “Outsider, why have you come to the territory belonging to the great evil eye king! State your purpose and pay your taxes!”

Du-Wei slightly smiled, “evil eye King…… I’ve never heard of such a King…… Excuse me, what is it that you want?”

“We are the cavalry under his Majesty the King!” The mouse captain pressed out his chest with pride, “Under the command of the kingdoms Prime Minister, we are here to rebuild the wall and is also responsible for the checkpoint here! Outsiders, quickly pay your taxes and dig out one of your eyes. Then we will allow you to get out of here safely!”

The Prime Minister? Du-Wei didn’t know whether to laugh or stare…… The evil eye tyrant seemed to be very addicted at playing the game of building a nation…… For there to be a Prime Minister?

However, in any case, having more than 10 mouse’s pointing a stick at three highly strengthened human is hardly a threat…. Even though the mouse’s head was very large.

“We are here to seek an audience with the evil eye King.” Du-Wei couldn’t help but laugh out in a HAHAHA manner.

The Cavalry Captain paused for a bit…… In fact, the kingdom in this Canyon valley had very few visitors. As a captain of the Royal Cavalry, there was very little opportunity to show off his power and prestige to outsiders…… Everyday ordering the Treants to carry those stones was getting pointless. To see the trio of outsiders, the captain was actually very excited in his heart at wanting to show off. With a loud shout, “Nonsense! Do you think you can see the king just because you say so? Quickly dig your eyes out and then get out!”

Du-Wei sighed, no longer speaking.

Hussein started to make his move. The sword in the knight’s hand made a circle, then with a golden ray, the stick in the mouse’s hand was torn apart. The head of the cavalry captain rolled under and beneath the trees, then everyone jumped and scattered away.

Looking at the dead rat, Du-Wei was somewhat nauseated. “Can’t you make this a bit cleaner?” Kicking his shoes to remove some of the mouse hair, Du-Wei shook his head and moved on.

He shouted a few words towards the petrified trees, but these Treant companions had little intelligence and couldn’t speak. So Du-Wei gave up his intentions and continued walking with his two companions through the half built city wall, heading further into the Canyon.

Through the city walls, the scene in the Canyon was immediately different.

Neatly lined with trees on both sides… … All were once lively trees but has now been felled and petrified. Now both sides of the road revealed a kind of eerily deathly scent.

The flooring below their feet was made of wood, but it seems that all the buildings here were made of rocks.

There were actually buildings made out of stones on both sides. All the doors and windows of the buildings were dug out, giving it a clear shape. Du-Wei could see there was something vague looking over their shoulders.

Just like this, the trio blatantly walked into this strange land of a “kingdom”.

If you like this translation, you can sponsor for a extra chapter release by donating.



* * *





Chapter 79




Chapter 79 “The Magician Who Became a Rat”

At the end of the stone street came the sounds of hurried steps and murmurs of armor clanking. Then they saw countless mice’s running towards them wearing body armor and armed with a real iron weapon compared to the sticks from earlier.

Hussein and Dadaneier was about to make their moves but Du-Wei held them back and said, “Wait, don’t you think this is fun?”

The mice soldiers have already surrounded them but didn’t attack at once. Instead, the group neatly organized into a battle formation in the street square, blocking the roads in from them the trio.

Before long, the singing of trumpets could be heard from somewhere. Like a signal, the troop formation separated in the middle, revealing seven to eight strong looking mice’s from behind. The group came forward carrying a single large slate of stone and a not so healthy looking fat rat was sitting on top of the rock.

This being had a fat body like a meatball and full of gray hair. The head had a long pointed mouth with double whiskers on the side and the pair of eyes hinted higher intellect despite the face that the eyeball randomly rolled around. But what was really comical was the fact it was wearing a white robe and a tall pointy hat like that of a magician!

This kind of dressing was very similar to that of a magician from the human world….. Could this rat also be a magician?

“O human! You are a human!” This rat creature that was carried out jumped up from his chair, then stared down at the trio before shouting. Its voice was like that of surprise and excitement.

“You are correct, we are human” Du-Wei cried out, “Excuse me, what are you? A mouse wizard, or a mouse General?”

This meat ball like rat lifted up his stomach as he looked around, then shouted. “I’m the prime minister of this kingdom! You should be bowing to me!”

Du-Wei sighed, “I’m sorry, the three of us don’t have the habit of saluting a mouse.”

With that said, the mice soldiers were about to rush forward but was halted by the Prime Minister. With his eyeball randomly looking around, the Prime Minister broke out into a “HAHAHAHA” laughter. “Human’s capable of coming here are all powerful experts and you are no exception…. But you can’t be too self confident!”

With that said, the mouse Prime Minister stood up straight with two claws open and it started to spell chant….

Yes, it’s a spell! A magic spell!

Du-Wei’s jaw dropped as he watched the mouse chant out a spell from its mouth. This mouse Prime Minister is actually a magician… No, or rather “only” a magician!

Du-Wei immediately sensed the genuine swinging of magic, then suddenly, a flame flared up on the surface of the stone slab in front of the trio. With a roaring sound, the flame spread out on both sides and immediately formed a ring of fire, trapping the trio inside.

The mouse Prime Minister kept chanting a spell from its mouth, then a halo of light ejected from its claw. The light instantly enveloped the trio, causing Du-Wei’s body to feel very tight. “This is binding? Ah, fire magic and binding magic…..

“Attack!”

In one command from the mouse Prime Minister, a field of mice brigades appeared from both sides of the street and stone houses. These soldiers carried in their hand sticks and bows made of wood. With the sound of shoop shoop, numerous wooden arrows were shot towards their location.

Du-Wei was really tied up and restrained, but how can it be possible that this magic is able to stop Hussein? The knight grunted as he shook his arms, then with a swing of his sword in a circle, a golden Dou Qi immediately caused all the arrows to fall downward.

The knight easily shook off the magic shackles. From the look in the mouse Prime Minister eyes, one can tell the Prime Minster was surprised by this as he loudly screamed. “Quick, Kill them!”

With that said, he applied pressure from his hand, causing the circle of fire to shrink around them. Du-Wei gave out a HAHAHA laughter before chanting a spell from his mouth, then two gusts of icy cold wind roared toward the flames, blocking the flames from all sides.

Hussein lets out a call as he casually patted the shoulder of Du-Wei and Dadaneier. The two immediately felt their body was lighter and capable of movement once again. Free from his bindings, Du-Wei let out both of his hands and chanted a spell from his mouth. Afterwards, multiple fireballs flew out from his fingertips and aimed toward the mouse Prime Minister.

The magic power of the Prime Minister was evidently far above that of Du-Wei’s. Seeing the fireball spell commonly used by magicians of the lowest rank, the Prime Minister clearly showed a hint of disdain on his face. In a quick spell chant, he waved his sleeves, letting loose several wind blades to deflect the oncoming fireballs. At the same time, Du-Wei continued to chant the dazing spells that he knew from his mouth.

Lifting his hands up, Du-Wei thew out the dazing spell that was capable of enshrouding the mass of soldiers in a halo of dizzying light. As a result, the columns of soldiers became tipsy and dazed from where they stood, the only exception was the Prime Minister. With a sharp and loud shout, the sound of beating drums suddenly rose up, then he started to chant a few spells causing the strongest mice under his command to let out a sharp squeal the moment they heard the chant.

Then the body’s of the mice started to swell up and even the muscles bulked up like lumps, causing the fur and skin to burst open, yet, they themselves acted like the idea of pain did not exist. Then their heads doubled in size while its mouth expanded, exposing the awe inspiring white fanged teethes. With a roar, the group exposed their red eyes and white fangs as they rushed towards Du-Wei…

Seeing this, Dadaneier has already let loose an arrow from his bow, revealing his excellent archery. Infused with Dou Qi, the arrow easily shot through three to four mice, just like a skewered fruit candy stick. (If you don’t know tong wue low then just think of kebabs)

Watching the transformed mice’s rushing over, Dadaneier stood beside Du-Wei to block their path. Firstly, he sent a kick at one of the mice and a bone breaking sound could clearly be heard by Du-Wei. Despite flying back and rolling on the ground, the mice immediately got up like nothing happened and continued to rush over.

Du-Wei had a sudden enlightenment. “Blood lust spell?”

As the group came drew closer, Dadaneier pulled out his curved blade and beheaded a mouse, then shouted. “Hussein! What are you doing! Kill these guys!”

Hussein snorted and ignored the oncoming group. Instead, his eyes were fixed upon the mouse Prime Minister. Giving out a loud laugh, he ran forward in one step…..

Even though there were more than 20 paces in distance, the knight was able to reach the front of the mouse Prime Minister in one step. Despite being so close, the surround mouse soldiers were still unaware of Hussein’s presence. At this moment, Hussein was covered in the flesh and blood of the mice. While giving off an abnormal and nauseating feeling, he reached out his hand towards the Mouse Prime Minister.

Out of panic, the Mouse Prime Minister lets out a screeching scream before rolling off the stone slate, then he quickly summoned forth a lightning strike. The lightning aimed straight at Hussein but with the knight’s strength, a swing of his sword was enough to easily deflect the bolt. Instead of landing on the intended target, the lightning ended up striking on the surrounding mice, burning them into charcoal.

In one palm strike, Hussein easily blew a hole through the slate of stone and picked up the mouse Prime Minister.

Those mice’s around wanted to come over and help but with one sword strike from Hussein, a sudden explosion of flesh and meat rained through the air.

Due to the acceleration spell cast by Du-Wei earlier, Dadaneier and him have almost annihilated the mice’s near them. Even though Du-Wei is a magician, he is forced to face the reality of melee combat. Fortunately, he exercised earlier and his body was much stronger than in the past. Du-Wei never practiced martial arts in his childhood but he did tutor under Knight Robert back in the castle. Compared to the human like mice, he did learn the basics of swordsmanship and on top of that, Dadaneier was covering for him.

Just that these few enraged mice’s were very troubling. When Dadaneier hacked down two of them to death, his body was clawed a few times and even Du-Wei’s leg was bitten once.

Mustn’t get infected with a mouse plague!

Du-Wei inwardly scolded himself with these words as Hussein caught onto the mouse Prime Minister. Uttering a loud cry, the mouse Prime Minister fainted.

No longer under the control of magic, those enraged mice suddenly dropped down due to fatigue. The soldiers apparently didn’t understand the meaning of “courage”. Seeing their leader caught, everyone scattered and fled away after hearing a loud shout.

Du-Wei knocked down a few more like cutting a melon, then threw away the knife covered in blood and flesh of the mice. “Disgusting, will I be infected with the mouse plague?”

“First kill the mouse leader……” Du-Wei complained, “Is this not the Evil Eye Kingdom? Why does it feel’s like a rat’s nest? Could the Evil Eye also be a mouse?”

Hussein lifted the mouse Prime Minister up and was about to chop down with his sword, but the fainted guy suddenly woke up and saw the shining sword. Scared out of his wits, the mouse cried out. “Mercy! Mercy! Hero, please have mercy!”

Du-Wei smiled, “The reason? Give me a reason. I’ll count to three and if you can’t say it, then we’ll kill you.”

“I have a 80 year old mother, a under three years old son……” The mouse Prime Minister shouted.

“One,” Du-Wei remained unmoved.

“I surrender, I will follow you!!!”

“We don’t need a pet mice, two!”

“This … … I can work for you, I work hard, eat less than a chicken, work more than cow!”

“I have plenty of servants already, three!”

Seeing the sword the coming down, the mouse Prime Minister shouted. “I’m also a human!”

“Wait a minute!” Du-Wei stopped Hussien’s sword. Staring at the mouse Prime Minister, “What did you just say?”

“I am also a human … … Or used to be.” The mouse Prime Minister started to shake, “I used to be a human mage!”

Next chapter

“If you like this translation, you can sponsor for a extra chapter release by donating.”



* * *





Chapter 80




I’ve been releasing them quietly until I had enough chapters to deserve an update, but I’ve picked up Law of the Devil as a side project where A013 left off. Presently translated chapters are listed below, or found under Law of the Devil in the menu.

Enjoy, and point out any mistakes.

Chapter 000 – The Earl’s Son

Chapter 001-015 (By A013)

Chapter 016 – Intractable Problem

Chapter 017 – Three Hundred Gold Coins

Chapter 018 – A Different Path

Chapter 019 – Beginning! The Devil’s Road!

Chapter 020 – Half Horn City’s Magic Beast Incident



* * *





Chapter 81




Chapter 81 “The side effects of the fountain of youth”

Medusa Queen?

Hearing the name, even Hussein became pale.

Originally, Du-Wei didn’t understand the system by which the magical beasts evolved from, but during his conversations with Dadaneier along the way, he gradually learned many of the theories about the magical beasts. After all, when Dadaneier was young, he worked as a mercenary, but this time around, he collected a lot of information about the Golden Eye Python prior to setting out.

Queen Medusa is basically the advanced final form in the evolution of the gold eye python. While it could already be considered a high level magical beast, when it evolves into a Medusa, it is regarded as one of the most powerful magical beasts.

There are literally thousands of magical beasts that will evolve into their final forms, but the only one capable of transforming its body to that of a human is Medusa!

The trio has not actually seen what a Medusa looks like, but legends say this top level magical beast is capable of transforming into a human body and take on the form of a beautiful woman with golden hair and striking eyes… But within her eyes remained the same terrible power of the Golden-Eye Python, capable of petrifying her enemies but only stronger than before. As for her hair… It can be turned into thousands of Golden-Eye Pythons!

What is this? Facing a Medusa is equivalent to facing a legion of Golden-Eye Pythons!

When Queen Medusa becomes angry, she can revert back to a snake’s body… And will transform into a gigantic Boa Constrictor snake! Its enormous body is capable of crushing a city! An immeasurably huge body capable of causing a disaster in the human world!

The most frightening thing is that among all the magical beasts in the world, Queen Medusa is the most intelligent!. Queen Medusa does not only have terrifying abilities, but more importantly, a clever mind! When faced with a powerful magical beast, humans can always rely on their intelligence to outwit the beast, but when facing a Medusa, that’s no longer an option!

The most terrible thing about Queen Medusa is that besides having intelligence comparable to that of humanity, it can use its intelligence to learn! Learning the achievements of human civilization and even learning other kinds of magic!

Great and powerful strength, coupled with high intellect, causes this magical beast to be recognized as one of the most dreadful and powerful.

Even some magicians thought it was fortunate that Queen Medusa is a rare occurrence because the fertility rate of magical beasts are already low to begin with. On top of that, it requires an untold number of years of cultivation to evolve, so it is exceptionally rare to evolve into a Medusa! Because of this reason, there are rarely any records of Medusa in history…. At least 300 years have passed since the last one was sighted. Every time Queen Medusa appears in history, it would bring disaster to humanity!

Magicians believed if… Just if the numbers of Medusa’s were to slightly increase, then this top level magical beast would even threaten the position of the dragons, known as the strongest.

Seeing that these three humans couldn’t help but reveal a tense and nervous look, Gargamel was very satisfied in his heart. The chips he had to save his own life had once again increased, but the satisfaction he had was quickly dispelled by Hussein. With a cold voice, “Go on, don’t think that a single Medusa can scare me.”

Indeed, the most horrifying thing about a Medusa is not its ability to petrify others, nor it’s hair turning into countless Golden-Eye Pythons….. Or even its ability to turn into a gigantic python…

The most horrifying thing is their ability to learn! Think about it, all magical beasts inherently have magical abilities and senses, but she also has the ability to learn other magics! Let’s say she learns other magic, fire, wind, water, etc…

They have a long life span, coupled with high intelligence, if we did let her learn…. Then she would become a Queen Medusa and also a horrifying super magician! What is this concept?

“Fortunately, this is a small Canyon valley with little contact with the outside world.” Du-Wei suddenly frowned while glancing at Gargamel, “She didn’t kill you because she wanted to learn magic from you, right?”

Gargamel immediately winced and hesitated before speaking: “This… I…”

Du-Wei sighed, “I know, alas, I do not blame you. In order to save your own life, you were forced to make difficult decisions, I do not blame you.”

Du-Wei was surprisingly understanding so Gargamel quickly explained. “Although over the years, I’ve taught her some magic, but I have limited magical abilities to begin with…. Also, she couldn’t learn the transformation magic that I specialized in. So…”

Gargamel paused for a bit, then the cowardly mouse sighed. “On that day… I remember that she used her hand to grab the scruff of my neck, pinching me with two fingers and pulling me up from the spring. My body was not so large, only the size of a small mouse. I thought I was going to die at that moment, but then she raised me up and stared at me for a long time before asking me. “Did you drink from this spring just now?”

Du-Wei’s eyes lit up, looking at Gargamel’s mouse body, as if in thought about something. “You answered?”

“Of course! At the time I was completely stupefied, only able to admit it. That damn eternal youth water, that damn thing really ruined me!”

“And then what? She spared you?” Du-Wei said.

There was an odd look in Gargamel’s eyes, “She said, you are also one of the victims, so I’m not going to kill you because now, there is someone in the same boat as me.”

Gargamel, he smiled. “Poor you. Over the years, you worked as a mouse.”

“You guessed what?” Hussein looked at Du-Wei.

“Might as well let the Prime Minister explain,” Du-Wei narrowed his eyes and laughed. “There is nothing wrong with the fountain of youth, correct?”

Gargamel immediately let out his grievance. “It is not only wrong, it’s simply an evil thing! Years ago, when we came, the Treants said it was a fountain of longevity, even I thought it was a good thing. It gave the tree’s longevity, it allows magical beasts to evolve, maybe it would be good for a human too! But after I drank from it, there was so much suffering!”

According to Gargamel’s interpretation, this fountain of youth was very useful for trees and magical beasts…. But for humans…. It’s useless!

The spring allows a Treant to live a long life….. In fact, according to Gargamel’s personal experience, this is simply a thing that slows down the metabolism of the body several times over to where it’s almost frozen.

The unfortunate thing is that the people who drink this stuff would receive no benefits regarding their life expectancy or growth, but what does get frozen is their outer appearance. For example, Gargamel, a grand magician specializing in transformation magic, was unlucky that night when he was busy running for his life in the body of a small and agile mouse!

The results, after falling into the spring and drinking the water…. He will always be frozen in the mouse state! Unable to change back into his human form or any other form…. In this life, he can only be a mouse!

“This is a frozen state,” Gargamel sighed. “For humans, it’s more like being in the same eternal state… I think this spring is of course beneficial to magical beasts and Treants, but will only bring harm to humans! Oh wait… perhaps, there are only two benefits to humans!”

“What is it?”

“The first is healing, heavy injuries can be healed instantly and automatically close the wound. But this capability isn’t much use because holy water and healing magic are capable of doing the same thing. However, the other advantage is… Protection against corrosion!” Gargamel smiled, “Although after drinking the water, their life span will not change but after the person passes away, their body will never decompose after being transformed from the water. The physical body will forever remain in a good state, it is that simple.

That truly is the case.

Du-Wei let out a bitter laugh smile. For a human, it would only have two benefits. It was originally thought to be a very precious thing, but it seems there isn’t much use for it.

Treatment of injuries…… One can find many alternatives, no reason to challenge a Queen Medusa.

Protection against corrosion… After his death, why would Du-Wei care if his body rots or not? If that is the case, wouldn’t I be a mummy?

But suddenly… An idea flashed in Du-Wei’s mind.

With this said, wouldn’t the already dead body of Aragon also be forever preserved? Haha….

This idea only flashed in Du-Wei’s mind for a bit and he didn’t think much of it.

“It seems that is that case.” Du-Wei frowned: “But I don’t understand why Queen Medusa would say ‘we are both victims’? Since she was originally a magical beast, shouldn’t she have been subject to great benefits?”

“Of course, she was originally a Golden Eye Python. It’s just that from drinking the spring water, she evolved… But the spring has also caused her to lose a precious ability. When she drank the water, she was already in human form, as a result, she can never change back to the body of a snake.”

Dadaneier frowned, “Is the human form not good? If it can’t turn into a snake, what’s the loss?”

Du-Wei sighed deeply, then gave a deep look at Dadaneier before murmuring. “Dadaneier, this way of thinking is typical for a human. Of course we would think the human form is the best because we are ‘human’. However, if I made a comparison with the most powerful dragon race against the human race, would you still want to be forever a dragon? You can’t eat human food, never able to make human friends, no longer able to sleep in a soft bed, drink wine, and even bed a woman….. But when the urges require you, would you be willing to mate with a beautiful female dragon while keeping a human conscious, are you willing? Even losing the human style of living, are you willing?

An imaginary scene of two dragons mating crept into Dadaneier’s mind and he immediately went pale, repeatedly shaking his head. “Of course not! I don’t want to!”

“That’s right,” Du-Wei smiled and said. “You and I think being a human is the most comfortable, the same applies to Queen Medusa. Although she turned into a human, her preceding lifetime as a snake must naturally make her feel uncomfortable.”

Although Gargamel didn’t say anything, his eyes emitted a sad appreciative feeling and couldn’t help but sigh deeply.

“Gargamel, tell me, since you turned into a mouse, how did your body become so big? Your body volume couldn’t have been that different from a normal sized mouse.” Du-Wei said it with a smile and his tone was softer. In his heart, a sense of sympathy was growing towards this mouse with a human consciousness.

“Yes, but it took me many years to acquire this look.” Gargamel sighed, “I certainly don’t want to be a mouse forever. Unfortunately, I drank the water while I was in the form of a mouse, losing the ability to turn back into a human. I experimented a lot, and finally I found out that the most I could do for myself was becoming a little larger. This size of my head is already at its limit and I could freely change to any smaller sized variations, but I’m unable to completely change my look. Queen Medusa originally wanted to learn transformation magic from me, but since she was frozen in her human form, she couldn’t learn it.”

“So what this Kingdom, what happened?” Du-Wei smiled.

“This… Gargamel thought for a while before giving a surprising response to Du-Wei, “This was my idea…. I was really bored anyways. Queen Medusa spared me and doesn’t control my actions because she understood that I can’t leave… If I escaped to the human world, me, a human shaped giant mouse would be burned as an evil creation and be treated as a monster. This world is so wide but I could only find shelter in this place. “ The tone of Gargamel was so sorrowful, “Even if she let me go, I would have nowhere to go, so I was extremely bored and decided to found a kingdom. Queen Medusa also thought this was interesting, so…”

“But why… all the mice?” Du-Wei said it with a smile, “Since I entered this valley, what I’ve seen the most is mice! It can’t be because you’re also mouse, so you are turning this country into a mouse kingdom?

“Gargamel rolled his eyes and sighed with exasperation, “Do you think I wanted to? Getting a bunch of magical beasts here? So many magical beasts… maybe one day when I’m not paying attention, I’ll be eaten! Queen Medusa cannot always protect me at every moment! My favorite transformation ability is gone so I’m not brave enough to live among a group of magical beasts with whatever power I have left. After much deliberation, I realized the best way was to not look for magical beasts, but to find ordinary animals! But this is the frozen forest! There are no ordinary animals, even going back a thousand years ago, magical beasts roamed this land! With this in mind, common animals without the ability to protect themselves would have gone extinct a long time ago. However, the mouse is different!”

Du-Wei immediately nodded, “Yes! Even with the harsher environment of this world, any group of any age, of any species that I have heard of can go extinct, but I have never heard of the mice going extinct! So, in the forest, the only remaining ordinary animal is the very, very weak, but fertile mouse! Right?”

“Yes, this practice was also approved by Medusa. Then I call together a group of mice and each mouse is fed a small drop of water from the fountain of youth. The spring helps the magical beasts evolve but it’s useless to humans… But the mice that drink a drop of the water would eventually evolve into a strong and intelligent being…. Just like that of a human…. Just that it’s a pity that after they evolve, they would lose their reproductive capabilities.”

Du-Wei’s face went dark as he looked at Gargamel, “Fortunately so! Otherwise, you would be the greatest sinner of all of mankind!”

Gargamel paused in thought for a moment and couldn’t help but cringe.

Why is that?

They are mice! Although they’re small, weak, and dumb animals, they’re famous for their ability to survive and reproduce!

Imagine, if the mice can become about the same size as a human and almost to the same level of intelligence! Coupled with their horrifying reproductive capabilities… This way… the “Mouse Men” would jeopardize the survival of the human race!

Gargamel’s mouth hung open, “You’re right! I almost caused a terrible disaster!”

Du-Wei patted Gargamel’s shoulder, but then retracted his hand in disgust and reluctantly smiled. “But your country is looking decent, I can imagine your days as Prime Minister was very good, right?”

“Do you think I like being a prime minister?” Gargamel looked like he wanted to jump up, “Do you think spending more than a decade teaching a bunch of mice to talk, teaching them the rules, teaching them about civilization is very interesting? Moreover, in this damn country, I was simply bored and got a group of mice, then now I’m suddenly the mouse head! That Queen Medusa never cares about anything, she just sleeps all day, regardless of what goes on! Hundreds of mice in this valley, all of them eating and sleeping, I have to manage it all! Do you know how much time I spent potty training them?”

“Wait,” Du-Wei just heard something important in his words. “You’re saying… that Queen Medusa is always sleeping?”

Gargamel immediately came to his senses, and whispered. “Yes, she’s been sleeping. Her palace was built on top of the fountain of youth, the spring is in her bedroom. She has been sleeping and only wakes up once every ten years.

Will wake up once in ten years.

Du-Wei and the three looked at each other… It seems that there is still a chance!





* * *





Chapter 82




I’ve been releasing them quietly until I had enough chapters to deserve an update, but I’ve picked up Law of the Devil as a side project where A013 left off. Presently translated chapters are listed below, or found under Law of the Devil in the menu.

Enjoy, and point out any mistakes.

Chapter 000 – The Earl’s Son

Chapter 001-015 (By A013)

Chapter 016 – Intractable Problem

Chapter 017 – Three Hundred Gold Coins

Chapter 018 – A Different Path

Chapter 019 – Beginning! The Devil’s Road!

Chapter 020 – Half Horn City’s Magic Beast Incident



* * *





Chapter 83




Chapter 83 “Test of Medusa”

Being a magician, especially a magically talented magician, Du-Wei’s magical powers weren’t very high at this time but it was because of the amount of spells he learned was too little. Despite this, his magic level is doing very well relatively speaking.

Despite being in the darkness, Du-Wei expanded his spiritual mental senses like countless antennas. Even if his eyes cannot see, an intangible feeling instantly lit up inside Du-Wei’s mind, allowing him to a have a full grasp of the surroundings like it was in the palm of his hand.

Even in this environment, Du-Wei still had a keener sense of the surrounding than Hussein.

“Now, hold on.” Du-Wei smiled in the darkness, “First, we need to ask the Prime Minister how we should continue proceeding downwards.”

“What’s wrong?” Hussein cut in and asked.

“This place has a total of three doors.” Du-Wei spoke lightly, “The front, left, and right, each direction has a door.”

Hussein kept silent. Even though his strength was great, but he didn’t have the same ability to use his spiritual powers to sense the surrounding environments. If he was in a fight where heavy movements was required, he would have no problems knowing where the foe is located. But if the enemy were standing still, then he would not be able to figure out where their location is.

“Three doors?” Dadaneier whispered, “Three of us and three doors, don’t you think it’s too much of a coincidence?”

“Then we will have to ask the Prime Minister here.” Even in the darkness, Du-Wei still turned his head towards Gargamel and reached out his hand to tap the mouse’s shoulder. “Our lord prime minister, you came to this place before, was there so many doors in the past?”

Gargamel originally didn’t want to speak the truth, but Hussein suddenly pinched his neck in the darkness and spoke in a somber voice. “Before you answer, first think clearly. My sword is very close to your neck. If you lie, I can recognize it immediately from your heartbeats and pulse!”

This level of threat was enough, so Gargamel immediately chose to tell the truth.

“This room is also a magic array, In the past when I came here, there was only a one door but the exit could be changed at the owners will. Only one door would lead to Queen Medusa, while the other fake doors are filled with illusions. This will depend entirely on the mood of Queen Medusa, if she is willing, creating 10 doors here won’t be a problem.” Gargamel gave a wry smile, “I think Queen Medusa already knows you are here and what she meant is that only one of you can see her.”

“She’s trying to keep us apart?” Dadaneier spoke in a somber voice, “This is obviously a trap. Does she really expect us to fall for it?”

“It’s hard to say.” Du-Wei’s tone was light, “Among the three of us, whoever can see Queen Medusa will depend entirely on her intentions. We can move together and try each door one by one….. But since this is a magic array, she won’t see us even if we walk through every door.”

“Then lets destroy this magic array, or simply tear down the Palace!” Hussein believes in his own strength.

Out of everyone’s expectation, Du-Wei raised an objection by saying. “I think splitting up into three groups may be more useful.”

“Are you crazy?” Hussein was somewhat surprised, “Apart from me, I suspect neither of you would have the ability to protect yourselves if one of you were to encounter Medusa alone.”

This assumption not incorrect. Among the group of three, the one with the strongest fighting strength is of course Hussein, the one with powers nearing a Saint Paladin. The only reason the trio was daring enough to enter the Canyon Valley in order to provoke Medusa was because of such a strong presence in their mix. If it was only Du-Wei and Dadaneier, the two would never have the ability nor courage to provoke Queen Medusa, one of the worlds strongest magical beasts!

“We are after all on her plate.” Du-Wei’s voice carried a hint of enjoyment as he spoke, “Since we are guests, it’s natural for us not to be rude. I believe it would be for the better to respect the wishes of the host.”

With that said, Du-Wei silently called forth a fire magic spell from his palm and gently lifted the fireball from his hand. From the fire’s light, Dadaneier and Hussein could see Du-Wei’s facial expression.

This juvenile with a smiling face and a scheming pair of eyes looked like he had no worries. If they didn’t understand him better from the long travel time, Dadaneier would also think this child was crazy to propose the idea of splitting up to meet the terrifying monster known as Medusa. But due to the cautious and bright ideas proposed by Du-Wei so far, Dadaneier knew that this person must have some kind of idea up his sleeves.

“I mean it.” Du-Wei spoke with a smile, “Dadaneier, you and Hussein will take one path and I’ll take a path on my own. As for Gargamel…… You may take one path on your own.”

“Me?” The mouse Prime Minister froze from the shock.

“Yes, you.” Du-Wei looked at him with a calm face, then spoke gently. “You were Medusa’s subordinate so she won’t hurt you. I also think she’s not trying to make things difficult for you by putting this magic array down here. As for Dadaneier, if you were to go with Hussein, I believe there won’t even any problems.”

“What about you, boy? If you face Medusa alone, do you have the ability to protect yourself?” Hussein frowned.

Du-Wei didn’t reply, instead, he asked Gargamel one sentence. “Queen Medusa is a woman, right?”

While not understanding the meaning behind Du-Wei’s question, Gargamel decided to answer truthfully. “…… Right.”

“It’ll be OK.” Du-Wei curled his lips and put on an indifferent smile as if talking to himself: “Since it is a woman, we wouldn’t know who is really in danger until we meet.”

Medusa’s pretrifying stare.,,,

Humph, against the “Charming seductive eyes” granted by the demon. It is not guaranteed which is stronger!

This time, Du-Wei was very adamant and has made up his decision. “I’ll walk in the middle. As for the left and right sides, you can take your pick.”

With that said, Du-Wei walked forward without turning. After a few steps, he looked back at Hussein and spoke. “Don’t follow me and just do as I say… Believe in me!”

Under the brightness of the small fire, Du-Wei had a calm look full of confidence despite his childish and young face. This kind of attitude and composure left Hussein speechless.

“All right! If you must go off to meet your death, then so be it.” Hussein sneered.

Leaving his comrades behind in the back, Du-Wei walked up to the middle door in the dark room by himself. His hands already resting on the cold stone doorknob, he let out a sigh then twisted the handles with ease. With a snap, he opened the door.

Upon entering the doorway and into the unknown darkness, he could hear the door gently closing behind him. Du-Wei laughed in a low voice…. Then laughed to himself, “Did you not want to see me Queen Medusa? I have come.”

After watching Du-Wei slowly walk through the doorway and seeing the door automatically closed by itself, the light from Du-Wei’s fireball was also cut off from them. With the light gone, Hussein immediately called forth his Dou Qi and a golden aura enshrouded his body, lightning up everything…. But at the moment, Dadaneier and Hussein were both surprised to see the door that Du-Wei had entered has…. Disappeared!

Only a wall was left in the area where the door used to be!

“What are we going to do?” Dadaneier was acting a little nervous.

“Do as he says.” Hussein spoke coldly, “It was his own choice. You might as well follow me”

Then the Knight once again gave the mouse Prime Minister a glimpse, “You go ahead and choose a door! Don’t expect us to leave you here.”

Under the cold gaze of the knight, the Mouse Prime Minister lamented and helplessly picked the left door. All the while saying, “O great Queen, not that Gargamel is not loyal to you, it is just that these mobsters are too strong….”

With the disappearance of the door that the mouse Prime Minister had entered, the Knight pulled Dadaneier with him and the two also entered the final door.

“Queen Medusa, aren’t you going to see me? I have come.” At the moment, Du-Wei was in a strange land.

There was still no trace of light, just pure darkness, causing others to lose the functions of their eyes. Du-Wei was even more surprised to find that the other party has apparently used some sort of magic in the surroundings to disrupt his spiritual mental senses.

Because a strange thing occurred when he released his spiritual powers, the direction of his aim was changed every time. As if flowing through a boundless ocean, his spiritual powers would expand without end, unable to return to him. Then there was also another powerful unit of spirit force that would block him at random, sending back his spiritual mental force at every encounter.

It was obvious, the other party was preventing him from using spiritual force to explore this place.

“Dear Queen Medusa, since you called me here, why are you hiding?” Du-Wei smiled, then retracted his spiritual powers.

In the darkness, a hoarse but muffled voice came from all sides.

“You hear my call?”

Du-Wei was smiling, acting like he was not even a little nervous. “That’s correct. In that dark room, I heard someone using sensory magic to speak to me, instructing me to select the Middle door. I sounded out my comrades and found out that they couldn’t hear the voice. Only I could hear the voice, so I understood that you only wanted to see me, right?”

The hoarse and muffled voice was silent for a while, but after a pause, it spoke.

“Because you are a magician. Gargamel taught me a lot, but now, I need to learn new things, I hope you can give me this. However, before I meet you, you have to go through my test and your companions will also encounter the test. Only those that pass the test could see me.”

The sound ended, but then Du-Wei felt a blur in front of him…… Then suddenly, a strong light struck down, warping the space around as if everything was disappearing…..

If you like this translation, try donating to sponsor a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 84




Chapter 84 “I’m lonely”

Du-Wei found himself standing in the middle of a street.

Specifically speaking, he was standing in a bustling city street!

On the street corner, there is a Bookstore he used to frequent, opposite to it was a cinema along with a game store that he also frequented. Then behind it was a 24-hour KFC that he often ran to at midnight in order to get a late night snack…… (For anyone that knows, its Siu Yea. English don’t have a direct translated word for this late night snack phrase)

Looking in front of him, cars were moving to and fro, then he looked at the flickering Red and Green lights, and then also the neon lights of the shops on either side of the streets….

Du-Wei froze for a moment, then he couldn’t help but sigh. “Still playing this hand. This is a fantasy right?”

The passing pedestrians looked as if they were in a hurry with an indifferent look. There was even a stumbling child with a balloon in hand at the street corner….

As for himself, his Mage robe was gone. Now he was dressed in a jacket that he often wore in his past life and a pair of NIKE sneakers.

All of this was extremely like the “world” from his previous life.

Of course, it is only “like”.

At this moment, the hoarse and muffled voice rang out from Du-Wei’s heart. “Your heart hides a very strange world……”

Du-Wei grunted as he watched the sky, then coldly said. “Even though you used to be a snake, but you are a person now. You should at least know how to respect other people’s privacy, right?”

The hoarse voice spoke without any anger, “I’m very curious. Your inner spirit world is very different from your two companions…… Where is this strange place? Those moving subways and the no horse drawn carriages…… Also, there are those tall buildings……”

Du-Wei was fundamentally unable to listen to the noisy voice inside him. His face suddenly showed a trace of happiness as he lifted his leg to cross the road in front of him. Even when he was crossing the road, he carefully looked left and right at the oncoming cars, then he watched the red light turning to green before calmly walking on the crossing lines to reach the 24 hours KFC. Once there, he actually pulled out his wallet to buy a spicy chicken burger and a cone of ice cream.

The familiar feeling at the entrance almost caused his heart to be emotionally moved. Under the extremely realistic sweet taste of the ice cream flavor, Du-Wei closed his eyes to savor the moment, then laughed.

He sighed, “Thank you. Although you peeked into my inner thoughts, but still need to thank you for giving me the chance to look back on all of this…… Originally, I thought I had forgotten all of this, but I did not expect that my heart still remembered all of this so deeply.”

Neon lights sparkled among the long streets and young teenagers naturally smiled as they walked……

While Du-Wei was savoring the ice cream cone in his inner world, Dadaneier and Hussein have both encountered trouble on their side.

The two men stood in the middle of a circle like that of competitive arena and the surrounding venues were high and empty.

Hussein was wearing a bright silver suit of armor and on his chest was a flashy badge of the Holy Knights.

However, murderous killing intents were coming from all sides!

Nearby, holy knights have already surrounded the two in the inner circle of the arena, each of their faces carried wounds with a frosty chill. Holding their sword up, they pointed their sword at Hussein and a murderous killing aura could be seen from the swords in their hands!

“Hussein! You betrayed the Temple. From the will of his Majesty, you still won’t surrender? Accept gods trial and perhaps by the trial, god will let you stay alive!”

A tall middle aged Knights shouted in a loud voice, his facial beard was so big that you could no longer make out his original face. But Dadaneier was surprised to find that on the chest of the middle-aged knight, other than the badge of the Holy Knights, he was also wearing a ninth level badge issued only by the cities association of knights!

Ninth level Knight? Then wouldn’t it be……

As expected, Hussein’s face looked like he was dropped into the ocean. Staring around, he then suddenly let out a good laugh, “HA HA HA HA! What a good Medusa! You are actually capable of using this illusion trick as a weapon! Humph! Did you think that you have found my biggest weakness in my heart? Humph!” He looked at the ninth level Knight before him and sneered, “Knight leader “Hoilik”, I have killed you once before, now in this is fantasy world, I will kill you a second time!” (Hoilik is the third holy knight leader that Hussein killed)

These holy knights acted like they didn’t care what Hussein said and this huge bearded middle aged knight was indeed the already dead ninth level Holy knight leader.

Then, almost as if they can’t hear what Hussein said, Hoilik raised his hand and the 10 knights behind him held up their sword at the same time. With a flash of brightness, Dou Qi was wrapped around their swords and without pause, they struck down vertically and horizontally aiming at Hussein. At that moment, they couldn’t tell how many Sword Qi was actually coming towards where the two were standing……

“Ice cream cone……. The latest Evangelion book…… Let me have a look. Now Medusa, from my memories, what else did you find out…..”

Du-Wei hummed a tune with his hand in his pocket and walked through the streets, all the while watching the surrounding pedestrians, vehicles and buildings……

Really, very realistic……

With a smile on his face, his eyes suddenly lit up as he saw a small roadside shop. Walking over, he bought of a packet of cigarettes and an emotional expression could be seen on his face. With trembling fingers, he opened the packaging and lit one for himself and took a deep puff……

At this moment, Du-Wei was almost brought to tears by this familiar flavor.

God has mercy, I have finally got another whiff of this cigarette smell.

That familiar hint of spicy flavor as it turns inside your lung, then slowly coming out from the nose, Du-Wei could only sigh as he immersed himself in this pleasure. Then the hoarse and muffled voice rang out from his heart, “This kind of thing is harmful to the body, right? Why do you enjoy something harmful to you?”

“Oh, it looks like you learned a lot.” Du-Wei smiled, “Things that are bad for you, but yet a lot of people can’t refuse such things. In this world, there are too many examples like power, beauty, wine, and wealth…… Could all of those things be completely harmless to people? However, most people are drawn to it even though it is harmful to them, but most people still couldn’t give up the pleasure of enjoying them… This is human nature. Medusa, that’s human nature.”

“Humanity……” the hoarse voice sighed, “Human nature seems to be very complicated.”

“At least the thought pattern is much more complex than snakes.” Du-Wei curled his mouth, “Well, thank you, at least you’ve let me have another taste of this cigarette smell…… Next, let us see what else you will help me remember.”

With that said, Du-Wei readily threw away the cigarettes in his hands onto the ground and stamped it out with his feet.

“You don’t enjoy it? Why not enjoy it little longer? You know… Once you leave this is a fantasy, you’re never going to experience it again.”

Du-Wei smiled with sunken eyes but there was no indecision, “Because I know that these are only fantasies. It took me a long time to let myself to forget these things, so I’m not going to allow myself to indulge in these things.”

“This is human nature?” Medusa questioned.

“No, just a kind of self defense.” Du-Wei reached out and flicked his fingers and created a ball of flame.

Standing at the corner of the main street, Du-Wei freely unleashes his magic…… A roaring flame came forth from his hands and created a giant hole in the middle of the road. The raging flames immediately ignited the trees in the surroundings and even the glass windows from the nearby stores were shattered from the explosion…..

“I have to say, your illusion really is like the real thing” Du-Wei coldly laughed, “Okay, now that I’ve had enough fun, it’s time to go back.”

“Why, you’re not enjoying this? As long as you want it, you can stay here for a while longer.”

A deep grudging atmosphere was starting to cover Du-Wei’s face, then he quickly short forth multiple fireballs from his hand. Soon, half the street was engulfed in the shadows of the raging flames! Without hesitation, he destroyed all the surrounding buildings and spoke in a cold voice, “Because I know all of this is not real! The past is in the past, reality is still reality. If I just indulged myself in this and never leave, don’t you think that is really stupid? This saying does not only apply to humans, this is also applicable to you….. Queen Medusa.”

The current scene in front of Du-Wei was like a war zone. The sky was stained with the color of flames and a fire hydrant on the side of the street reacted to the flames and exploded. Columns of water gushed out and mixed with the flames, causing burning smoke to fill the air. Squeals of cars slamming on their brakes could be heard as vehicles collided into each other, causing pedestrians to scream and scream as they fled for their lives…..

“OK, enough, if that is your test then I’m telling you now, human nature is much more complex than you think, Medusa.” Du-Wei’s eye was cold and a flaming light could be seen on his fingertips. Without hesitation, he shot it towards the fountain located at the street square, where crowds of onlookers were located…..

“Understood, then leave.” Medusa finally said, “However, your friends are not as strong as you are….. Their current situation is much more dangerous than you.”

A whistling sound could be heard as Hussein gasp for a breath. Inside the arena, his body was covered in his golden Dou Qi and even his hair turned into a golden yellow color!

The badge and a piece of his chest armor has already been cut apart, revealing his bare chest and a bloody wound. His face was covered in blood, making his face look absolutely hideous!

Holy knight leader Hoilik was currently standing in front of him, but his condition looked a lot better than Hussein’s.

“Hussein! Could this be all your strength?” A look of anger could be seen on Hoilik’s face as he looked down at Hussein and on his own sword dripping with blood!

Why……

Hussein questioned himself! Why I am not his opponent?

Funny! It really is funny! My strength is far better than him! Even while facing two Knight leaders, I, Hussein, could still come out victorious!

But why do I feel……

Maybe it is because I’m still remorseful in my heart about killing them?

Watching the knight leader in front of him, Hussein felt his inner courage and battle intent slowly fade away….

In addition, there is a part of him in his heart that wanted to condemn himself!

Kill him?

I can’t!

How can I point my sword at this respectful master that taught me so much? How can I point my sword at my brothers and companions that has lived by my side?

The tearing pain in his chest has already caused Hussein to lose his focus. From the combined attacks of the knight leader and the 10 senior knights, Hussein could no longer fend off the group, even with his tyrannical powers.

But why can’t I lift up the killing intent inside my heart?

It cannot be…… It cannot be! I can’t kill my brothers! How can I lift my sword against my senior elders?

But…… I must survive. I want to live on and bring forth the truth to the public! The Temple lies and all the hypocrisy of the so called gods! I’ll tell the world everything!! I cannot die here until I finished my quest!

So I will have to kill the people before me…..

Oh, but they’re already dead! This is all but a fantasy……

But facing them, how can I raise my sword and butcher them a second time? Facing all these familiar faces…..

Dadaneier has already collapsed on the ground. In a weak breath, he suddenly shouted. “Hussein! What are you waiting for! They are phantoms! All fake! Fake!! Why don’t you fight back!!”

“Shut up!” Hussein lets out a thundering shout. Without waiting, knight leader Hoilik once again raised his sword and slashed down with his Sword Qi against Hussein. With a snort, Hussein blocked off the attack but was pushed back a series of steps by the repeated burst of attacks by the other knights. Looking at the ground, you could see cracks appearing on the ground from each of the steps he took.

Maybe I’ll die in here.

I shouldn’t be alive today! In order to live, I had to kill so many of my brothers and companions….. Am I so noble?

HA HA!

HA HA HA!!!

Du-Wei opened his eyes and found himself lying on top of a table.

This place was a big room, exactly like a meeting hall. In the air, there was a faint aroma. This type of scent smelled very comfortable, as if there was a warmth in one’s stomach.

Du-Wei rolled over and sat up. Stretching his body, he looked out into the empty Hall and smiled. “Thank you, I had a very good dream.”

In the empty room, the sound produced by Du-Wei was gently echoing back towards him. With a sigh, Du-Wei looked around and saw that there was only a stone bed in the middle…. Or to be more accurate, it was just a large stone table.

Cold and lifeless.

“You should at least get some lights on.” Du-Wei laughed, then spoke as if he was talking to himself. “On the bright side, this is at least warm…. So it won’t be so lonely.”

“Lonely…… What the hell is that?”

While still in the hoarse and muffled voice…. Medusa finally asked another question.

What is loneliness?

Du-Wei lowered in his head in thought for a moment, then smiled.

“Loneliness is when your heart feels empty and no one can share your feelings with you, whether it is anger, happiness, sadness, or joy….. Everything in this world doesn’t have a relationship with you and no one cares about you…. You don’t know why you are living in this world, you don’t know what to do and you don’t know what to think….. When you have these kind of feelings, this is known as loneliness!”

Medusa sighed, her voice carried a trace of weariness and a hint of weakness.

“If you say these things are what makes up ‘loneliness’……” Then the color of the world must be painted in horror, the quiet voice sighed.

“I am lonely.”

If you like this translation, consider donating to sponsor extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 85




Chapter 85 “Hussein’s Transformation”

Hussein felt his strength continue to leave him as the blood drained from his body. Now, he could no longer distinguish exactly how many injuries he was carrying. The heaviest wound on his left leg was dripping fresh droplets of blood, staining his pants.

In an attempt to lean his forehead against his sword, Hussein nearly sliced off half his head. Luckily he was able to quickly dodge the weapon in time. Above his left eye, a deep wound, revealing the skull bone could be seen. Blood was seeping out and dyeing the knight’s vision in a blood red coloration.

With an unbalanced body, Hussein could only hold onto the wooden crutch (walking stick) that he made before to support himself.

“Hussein, how long will you continue to struggle?” Hussein reluctantly opened his eyes as the sound of Hoilik’s voice achoed against his ear, but the only thing he saw was slash of Sword Qi flying towards him. Lifting his sword with his numbed arms, Hussein managed to block the attack but what followed was the crisp sound of shattering fragments. No longer able to bear the strain, the broken sword in Hussein’s hand finally shattered into multiple pieces and he was also sent flying from this one strike. Unable to stop, Hussein landed across the arena and laid on the floor.

“Give it up Hussein.” Knight leader Hoilik came up to where Hussein was and looked down at the already near death traitor. His voice was just like how Hussein remembered in his memory, “Hussein, God’s will must not be defied. It may not be too late to repent now!”

Hussein started laughing as he lay on the floor.

His face was already buried in the fine chips of stone covering the ground so it sounded like a muffled laughter.

Subsequently, the Knight looked up and gently blew away the blood soaked hair on his forehead. With eyes like someone that has given up, he spoke. “Knight leader Hoilik….. I really want to give up. I’m tired of this lifestyle where I have to point my sword against my companions…. I’m tired of it! Even though I know you are only a phantom of my heart…. But I’m really tired. I want to be free, I really want to escape all of this. Perhaps, I wasn’t meant to shoulder this heavy burden.”

With that said, the knight lifted himself up in a crawl. Without a sword in his hand, he could barely keep his upper body upright and his breathing was so heavy that it was like a hole was pierced into his throat. Afterwards, the knight pointed to his throat with a finger and smiled: “It is here, here…… Stab at this point. I remembered master taught me if a sword was to pierce through this point, it would be a fatal blow, and then….. I would no longer be burdened with anything.” The smile on the knight was very odd and his eyes were getting more and more sullen as he stared at knight leader Hoilik. From his eyes, you can see that Hussein has already given up as he looked up to towards the oncoming sword on top of his head.

But yet at this time, the prideful Knight once again had a hint of struggle in his eyes…. This hint of struggle was almost instinctive and no one knew where this last remnant of struggle came from.

“I…… Can I ask one last question?” Hussein gasped and his eyes showed good faith without any doubt in them. In a soft and sincere voice, “Lord Hoilik, you have taught me a lot in the past, so before I die, can you please answer my last question?”

The sword in Hoilik’s hand slowed down, “Hussein, go ahead and ask.”

“Tell me…… What exactly is God?”

Facing the moment of death, as if unable to give up the faith in his own heart, the Knight puts forth his own life. Until now, this was the biggest doubt in him…… Or perhaps, this question is not a problem for the Knight because in his mind, he already knew the answer…. The reason he proposed this was because of an unyielding and unwilling cry in his heart!

What is God?

Humph! What is God!!!

What exactly is God!!!

The pious and faithful Holy Knight replied, “God is everything.” Hoilik puts on a reverence expression, “Everything! All things, life, sky, Sun and moon, stars, and all the creatures. The will of everything in this world is determined by God! Each of us are living according to the will of God! So…… God is everything!”

“Oh…… All…… HA HA HA HA……” There was disappointment in Hussein’s eyes, but there was also something more and that was disdain! His head was shaking and his laugh grew from small to a loud roar. His voice was also somewhat crazy and provocative, a little unruly, a little haughty, and a little rebellious!

“Oh…… Haha…… HA HA HA HA!! Everything! All!! You say?” Hussein suddenly raised his head with an unyielding anger on his face and then in a near shouting voice, he shouted out his inner thoughts.

“Why!!!”

Seemingly, a breath of life infused into the knight’s heart and cracked apart the yoke of despair inside him. Light once again returned to his eyes and an indomitable fighting spirit was burning in him!

“Why!” He grunted with a painful expression on his face. Struggling to stand up, he no longer allowed Hoilik to continue looking down at him in a condescending way…… Instead, with pride, dignity, and equal to the person in front of him, he spoke: “Why! Why must God be so high and mighty! Why must all things live according to its will in order to survive? Why can it represent the will of all things? Is it the Sun? Even the sun would have a time where it would set! Is it the stars? But even the stars would have a time when it would fall! Is it time itself? But time marches on!! Why must it alone be perpetual and without change!”

Hussein’s entire body was already covered in bloodied wounds but then at this moment, the wounds suddenly healed! The wounds squirmed and frantically bumped up as it tries to close up the wounds with each ticking moment. Suddenly, a deep golden light burst forth from his eyes and chest! Then… a rumbling sound could be heard!

A brilliant golden light suddenly erupted from Hussein’s already dying body!

Not the pale golden light from before! But instead, real deep gold like that of the sun! Bright and brilliant!

Bathed in the burning energy, Hussein closed his eyes and clenched his fist. A glimmer of peace could be seen on his face as the roaring golden flames engulfed his body, cleansing his soul, bones, and muscles in his body….

This feeling is very….. Comfortable.

As if reverting back into a fetus inside a womb and soaking in the amniotic fluid. His whole body had a warm feeling corsing through him as if the liquid was moistening his withered soul and reincarnating his entire being!

As Hoilik’s sword made contact with the golden Dou Qi, the sword immediately melted away!

Hoilik looked at Hussein, then shouted in a roar. “Obstinate traitor, die!”

With a howling sound, the sword struck down like a falling meteor as it aimed at Hussein’s head!

But……

Gently opening his eyes, Hussein casually reached out his hand and gripped the oncoming blade…..

Easily gripping the blade with his powerful hand, no matter how much Hoilik struggled, the ninth level knight was unable to budge the sword even an inch.

Drops of blood were dripping down the palm of his hand holding the blade. Each droplet of blood seemed to turn into a golden color as it touched the ground! Enshrouded inside the golden Dou QI, the wound on the palm immediately healed and the sword was slowly melting away as it burned under the light!

At that moment, the rebellion Hussein finally changed!

Opening his eyes, the pupil has completely turned into a golden color. With an indifferent face, he looked at Hoilik and spoke in a gentle but understating tone, as if pledging, he said:

“Even if you say God represents the will of everything in this world…… However, I’m an exception! My will is free and will not be enslaved by anything! Even if the other person is the so called God!”

Gently lifting one hand, then gently falling down like leaves in the wind. Hoilik was easily beheaded and blood sprayed out into the air!

Hussein slowly puts down his hand and quietly looked at it. His eyes were almost motionless as he spoke, “This…. Is the power of a Saint Paladin?

“You see, my friends can solve it by themselves.” Du-Wei smiled confidently, calmly sitting down on the floor. In front of him was a stone wall and on the wall was a surface like rippling waters. Appearing on this surface was a picture: Hussein was enshrouded in a golden Dou Qi, then with a wave of a single hand, the powerful knight leader was easily beheaded by Hussein.

“Thank you, this thing is like a movie…… Well, even if you don’t know what movies are.” Du-Wei said it with a smile.

Medusa’s hoarse and deep voice sounded puzzled: “Didn’t he give up already earlier? Why all of a sudden he would…”

“This is the human faith.” Du-Wei replied in a solemn tone, “Remember, this is the human ‘faith’. This power may be present in every person’s heart. You can’t really see it when it’s weak, but you will see it when it explodes…. You saw it, this faith……. Is a part of human nature.”

If you like this translation, try donating to sponsor a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 86




Chapter 86 “The second spring!

“Faith……” Medusa whispered in a low voice, and then she asked again: “However, didn’t the Knight forsake his faith already? He should’ve been a man without faith.”

“This is different.” Du-Wei calmly spoke: “There is faith in every person’s heart. Hussein may have forsaken his previous faith and beliefs, but that doesn’t mean he had lost faith! However, when he abandoned one kind of faith, he has already adopted a new kind of faith! This is common among everyone. Whether this belief is just, or evil, every living person must have their own belief and faith. A person could only gain strength and courage when he has faith in his heart. The stronger the faith, the more powerful the person becomes!”

Talking up to this point, Du-Wei smiled and asked: “With all that said, how much do you understand?”

“I don’t know.” Medusa’s voice was low: “Greed…… Nostalgia…… Weak…… Coldness…… Loneliness…… Also, faith…… These are what you call ‘human nature’. This human nature stuff is too complicated.”

“It’s always complicated.” Du-Wei quickly spoke: “Humanity is the most complex creature in this world. Among all the living creatures, humanity has the most abundant emotions. We Know how to love, show affection, create friendship, but at the same time, we can be the most cruel. Specialized in killing, infighting, and killing of our own kind! Throughout human history, it has always been humanity fighting against each other. You kill me, I kill you. This has always been the cycle…… Medusa, if you think seeing inside the three of us is enough for you so to understand and grasp human nature, then you are wrong.”

Talking up to this point, Du-Wei asked her, “Now tell me, did I pass the test?”

After a long moment of silence, “Yes, you have passed. ”

In moments, Du-Wei could finally see the legendary Medusa.

From the wall in front him, a rustling sound could be heard as a humanlike figure slowly stepped forth…. Her whole body seemingly made of stone, or accurately speaking, her entire being seemed like to be merged into the stone itself.

Of course, Queen Medusa is a woman.

The moment her body stepped forth from the wall, the stone like texture of her body started to fade away. Changing from the cold and grayish color, her delicate looking body transformed into a marvelous shade of white with smooth and soft skins. From the head, her strands of hair started to soften and smooth out, revealing a glossy shine.

The contour of her face was also becoming clear…. And it was extremely beautiful.

Even Du-Wei had to admit it. Whether it was this life or the previous, the Queen Medusa in front of him was the most beautiful women he had ever seen! Every skin, every curve, it was like a piece of art work carefully and rigorously calculated by the creator. Her legs, her hips, her arms, her chest, all of their ratios seemed to have reached a perfect state. On top of all this, snakes are inherently charming. Without any effort, every movement she makes are seductively charming.

However, all of this didn’t matter…… What really stunned Du-Wei was her face!

It can be said that this face would drive any man crazy! Du-Wei could not even find the right words to describe such a beautiful face……

Du-Wei knew he had been frozen in shock, as if a blind person had just regained his sight and was awestruck by what appeared in front of him!

Du-Wei was willing to bet that such a beauty absolutely cannot exist in the world of humanity! If word of this were to spread, it would no doubt cause a disaster in the making!

Oh heaven…… Just by looking at those pairs of red, delicate lips, he couldn’t help but sigh.

Du-Wei has seen many beautiful women, but to be so beautiful that it reaches a disastrous level, then, Queen Medusa is definitely the first one!

And…… Her eyes were still closed!

Du-Wei can guarantee that if she opened her eyes and if it was even one-third of the word ‘glorious’…. Oh heavens, what would Queen Medusa’s eye be like? With an absolutely beautiful face, if you could also embellish a pair of star like gems into her eyes….. Then her face alone is enough to murder the hearts of almost every man in this world!

This Medusa Queen is really beautiful…… Too beautiful……

An inhumane beauty! And a terrifyingly beauty!!

After a good while, Du-Wei finally regained his composure. The first thing he did was to take in a deep and long breath, letting oxygen into his deprived lungs from being awestruck earlier.

“It was fortunate that you have always lived here and not let others meet you.“ Du-Wei made an assessment, “Otherwise, with your beauty, there will be people going crazy over you even if you are the horrible Medusa. In some cases, they may even wage war against each other to control you!”

Medusa asked gently, “This is human nature?”

Standing in front of Du-Wei, Medusa’s voice was no longer the hoarse and deep voice like before. Apparently, her voice was issued forth by oscillating the sound off the wall….. Of course, her true voice was very nice to the ears.

Du-Wei was very pleased with this fact…… This way of thinking is of course very natural. If one were to meet a woman capable of murdering the hearts of men, but the voice coming out of her mouth is hard on the ears, then this is a sin!

Thank heavens, her voice sounded like the gently flowing water in a spring creek.

“Sort of……” Du-Wei smiles: “However you like it. If put into the world of humans, this will absolutely cause men to war against each other.”

“I’m not human.” Medusa replied with a trace of sadness.

Then she gently came close to Du-Wei: “Gargamel said that most humans would be afraid of me. To humanity, Medusa is considered to be a terrible monster, frightening even…… Why are you not afraid of me? I can feel your strength…… Is not powerful.”

“I’m not ‘strong’ compared to you. It can even be said that I am very weak in front of you.” Du-Wei smiled, “But why would I be afraid of you?”

“I don’t know, but Gargamel said humans are very much afraid of Medusa.” Shaking her head with her eyes closed, she then flicked her slender fingers through the air. Slowly, the stone surface beside her rolled forth like dough and formed a stone chair. Calmly sitting down, Medusa turned her face towards Du-Wei and spoke: “You came to see me and now you could see.”

“Yes, I could see.” Du-Wei sighed: “What I see is not something that strikes fear into humanity. Nor a being that indiscriminately kills and turns others into stones….. What I see is a misfortunate woman living in seclusion, with a lonely heart, and currently seeking her own form of faith….. Oh, by the way, on top of that, a snake that don’t like to be turned into a human beauty.”

“You’re really funny and an interesting human.” Medusa thought for a moment and then smiled: “Although I didn’t have much exposure to humans, you are the second person to speak with me besides Gargamel. Originally, I was going to kill you and your companions. I may not be human and don’t fully grasp human nature, but at least I know I do not like to be disturbed.”

Du-Wei kept his silence, unable to speak.

Indeed, the other party used to be a golden eye python. No matter what, her nature resembles that of a ‘beast’ more than a human.

“I know, so that’s why I have the courage to come see you.” Du-Wei spoke frankly: “Because I know you are not simply an evil monster only capable of killing like they say in the legends…. You are just….. Please forgive me for using the word ‘ignorant’.”

Medusa doesn’t look like she cared in the slightest: “you’re right, I was ‘ignorant’. At the very least, my understanding of humans is close to nothing.”

Just as humans have always described a fierce animal as fierce, a cruel Wolf, a cunning Fox, and a terrifying magical beast…… In fact, all these sayings are based upon human standards to measure other biological creatures.

No matter whether it is a wolf, a fox, or a terrifying magical beast….. Can they really be ‘bad’? Really ‘evil’ and ‘terrifying’? Of course not…. Because they are living their life based on their own species’ standard.

A wolf was born to eat meat, Lions and tigers are born to kill, and this is the law of the world. It cannot be just because of this that we could label them as evil and murderous beings.

Medusa is the same.

One arm against her cheek as she sat on the stone chair, Medusa gently raises a question: “Well then, human, tell me your reason for coming.”

“Originally, I was only here for the fountain of youth.” Du-Wei said, “But now, it seems the fountain doesn’t actually have much use. In addition to solidifying the outer appearance of the person, this thing doesn’t seem to have much benefit for humans….. Oh, you wouldn’t kill me because of this reason now would you? I heard from Gargarmel that years ago, the group that came with him was completely wiped out by you.”

Medusa truly smiled, with curving lips, her outer appearance had more of a human taste to it: “That was when…… I didn’t understand. Back then, I was just a humanoid snake without anyone to teach me human nature. I simply knew that outsiders came into my territory, so I had to kill them. It was that simple…. You can thank Gargamel for teaching me at least some habits of humanity, or else, when you guys stepped into the Canyon valley the other day, I would have already killed you.”

“My purpose for coming here is no longer important because after talking to Gargamel, I have already lost interest in this spring. But my two companions still had other purposes for coming.“ Standing in front of Medusa, Du-Wei felt it was better to be honest than to tell a lie. Maybe he might even gain some benefits from this.

“The lord and master of one of my companions is under the spell of a petrification curse, and must have the eyes of a golden eyed python to save her. The reason we came to the frozen forest is to search for this important item.” Du-Wei discreetly glanced at Medusa to see her reaction.

“So originally you had set your eyes on me?” Medusa’s face remained unchanged, not revealing any hint of anger or joy.

“Used to be, but not anymore.” Du-Wei spoke with a smile: “I think, as the final evolution of the golden eyed Python, you should be able to cure this kind of petrification curse without the use of your eyes.”

“Why should I help you?” Medusa’s voice remained as calm as ever as she spoke: “Gargamel has taught me one point and that is often in human ‘deals’, there is always a price when making a request.”

“I’m a good teacher.” Du-Wei smiled: “You are a snake that doesn’t want to be human, but now you have no choice. So, I’d like to teach you a lot about human habits. Of course, the most important is human nature.”

“Everything?”

“Everything.” Du-Wei firmly replied, “But I can’t guarantee that you will feel very happy because human life has never been pure pleasure. Human nature is both sweet and painful. If you want to experience this, I can teach you even more. For example, right now, I can start teaching you the first lesson.”

Medusa was silent for a moment, “And what’s that?”

“Loneliness.” Du-Wei muttered: “You are lonely. Your face, your voice, your words, and you living in this place…. All of it points to this.”

“I am very lonely.” Medusa nodded, “If loneliness is what you said before, then what you said is correct.”

“Do you like that feeling?” Du-Wei smiles.

Medusa thought for a long time and shook her head slowly.

“It’s simple. I can let you get rid of loneliness.” Du-Wei spoke: “Humanity is a social animal, if you don’t want to be lonely, then you need to communicate with other humans. For example, find your friends or companions.

Then, Du-Wei raised a second question: “Do you have faith in your heart?”

“No.” Medusa answered this very quickly. For one that has only been sleeping, only to awaken once every ten years, she would of course not have any beliefs and faith.

“Humanity needs faith and purpose in life…… Even if it’s just a bit, the small, subtle things can cause you great interest.” Du-Wei laughed more pleasantly: “Trust me. When it comes to fun things, no one is more skilled than me in this world. ”

In the wake of the two issues, Du-Wei puts forward a third problem: “Do we have a deal?”

The answer…… Is self-evident.

•

When Hussein woke up, he was lying on the floor in the hall just like Du-Wei was. As for Dadaneier, he was also lying beside Hussein, slowing regaining consciousness.

Also, the poor mouse Prime Minister Gargamel was sitting next to him with a nervous expression. From his eye’s reflection, Hussein could see Du-Wei is walking towards them with a smirking smile.

And behind Du-Wei, stood a woman.

Hussein immediately jumped up from, but before the knight could make his move, Du-Wei called out to him: “Well then Hussein, come and meet out new partners.”

No introduction needed because Gargamel has already fallen over on the ground with his body trembling. Looking at the woman, his body twisted into something like that of a meat roll.

“This is our new partner, Queen Medusa.” Once Du-Wei finished talking, he pulled Dadaneier up and gave him something like a small stone bottle.

“Here, this is one strand of Queen Medusa’s hair. After taking this back, take it out from the bottle and it will become a sleeping golden eye python. Use it to save the Marquise of Lister.” Du-Wei said this while smiling.

While Dadaneier was still in shock as he received the bottle, Du-Wei has already walked over to where Hussein stood. Patting the knight’s shoulder, Du-Wei spoke: “My friends, don’t be so stunned. Right now, the Queen is going to take us to see the fountain of youth. Didn’t say you wanted to go see the place where Aragon has gone before? Now, come on.”

The strikingly beautiful Queen Medusa has also shaken Hussein’s heart. His hand was on the hilt of his sword, but put down involuntarily as he looked upon the woman. What’s more is that after hearing Du-Wei’s words, his mind was somewhat at a loss on to do next.

“Okay, now is not the time to draw my sword.” Du-Wei tapped Hussein’s shoulder and laughed in a low voice: “I saw that in your dreams, you were able to advance to the level of Saint Paladin….. Speaking of this, I believe you to thank her Majesty the Queen.”

Seeing Du-Wei drag Hussein with him as they walked towards the door behind them, Medusa wordlessly walked in front like a ghost.

Dadaneier broke out of his stupor state when Gargamel sighed.

The mouse Prime Minister moaned: “What….. Is this teen doing? Oh the gods…… He seemed to be getting along very well with the Queen, or am I dreaming? Could the legend be true?! Oh my god! He will not… He will not…..”

“What are you muttering to yourself?” Dadaneier frowned.

“You never heard of the legend?” Gargamel stared at dadaneier, “Queen Medusa’s legend.”

Dadaneier shook his head.

“The Legend……” Gargamel sighed, eyes looking at Du-Wei’s back as he whispered: “From the records of the oldest documents, other than the terrible powers that Medusa wielded, there is also a special point….. It is that if she cried for any being…. Whether it was a man, women, or even a monster. If they could make Medusa cry out the first tear of her life, then Medusa would forever love that person. Your teenage companion couldn’t be playing at this idea, right?”

Dadaneier didn’t bother listening to Gargamel’s words. Rubbing his eyes, he muttered: “Strange, How come when I wake up again, this teenager has already solved the entire problem.

Touching the stone bottle that Du-Wei handed him…… There was a hair belonging to Medusa that can be turned into a sleeping golden eye python…… Dadaneier was finally completely awake!

There is hope for the Marquise of Lister!!

“The Spring is here,” Medusa points to the front.

Medusa casually chants a few words in a spell. Then in a corner of the hall, the stone slab in front of them quietly opens up. Immediately from below, an exquisite fountain carved out of stone revealed itself.

“This is the fountain of youth that you are looking for.” Once Medusa finished her introduction, Du-Wei was somewhat disappointed.

It seems…… There is nothing special.

But then one word from Medusa surprised Du-Wei!

“This is the first spring; do you also want to look at the other spring in this Canyon?”

“This Canyon has another spring? What the hell is it?” Du-Wei looked at Medusa in surprise.

“I don’t know what it is.” Medusa answered coldly: “However, this fountain is the exact opposite of the fountain of youth, so I gave it a name, called…… As time goes by.”

If you like this translation, consider donating to sponsor a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 87




Chapter 87 “Poison of time”

As time goes by?

Whether it was Du Wei or Hussein, they could never have expected there would be the existence of another fountain near the fountain of youth.

Medusa still had a cold appearance as she led the two men’s out of the hall and into the depths of the palace.

“This palace of yours, is it completely built out of the bodies of the Treants tribesman? Du Wei casually asked this question as they moved.

“It is.” Medusa suddenly stopped and questioned Du Wei instead: “Is there a problem?”

This time to speak up was Hussein: “Don’t you think it was a little bit too harsh? While you and the trees are both enemies to each other, but you should at least respect their corpses.”

“Respect for the body……” Medusa spent a moment in thought as she carefully savored this word, and then asked Du Wei: “Is this also human nature?”

Du Wei smiled, “Sort of.”

“But, I don’t understand.” The words from Medusa seemed sincere and truthful: “I don’t understand this ‘human nature’. I’ve heard many things about human from Gargamel. You humans would kill different beasts to eat their flesh, strip off their skins, and turn them into clothing or ornaments…. Why do you humans act this way, but still spout such words as to respect the corpses of others? I’m using the bodies of the Treant’s tribesman to build my home, while you humans are killing animals to eat their meat and turn them into clothing. Essentially, there isn’t any difference between the two scenarios, correct?”

Medusa probably doesn’t understand human nature, and perhaps she doesn’t even understand anything. But for such a simple question, her words have left both the scholarly Du Wei and the experienced knight in a stump for words.

Well….. Is there any difference?

Medusa carefully thought for a moment, and then gently smiled: “Looks like I’ve summarized another characteristic of human nature, which is…… Hypocrisy. Are humans always saying one thing and doing another?”

Du Wei puts on a wry smile, unsure of how to respond to Medusa’s question. Letting out a sigh, he responded: “sometimes…… It is.”

“I don’t like this characteristic of human nature, nor do I don’t like humans.” Medusa summarized this and ended the conversation, continuing to move forward with the two in tow.

Outside the Hall and through a corridor, Medusa opened a door leading into a black room. Upon entering, Du Wei could feel a sudden chill in the air…. This icy chill was different from the snow outside as if the air was wet, capable of penetrating through the clothing and into the human skin, bones, and gut!

Having this chill covering his body, Du Wei immediately felt numbingly cold as if his body was being pierced by numerous sharp needles. For a time, even his fingers felt like it was freezing into ice!

“It’s here.”

In the darkness, Medusa walked forward as usual as if she was born without eyes.

“This is my bedroom. I usually sleep here.” Medusa points to a stone slab on the surface, “’As time goes by’ is right there.”

“Sleep here…… Aren’t you cold…..” Du Wei stopped speaking when he reached this point, suddenly realizing that snakes are cold blooded animals.

Lifting up the stone slate, Du Wei saw that below the ground was an opening hole for the spring. From the opening, the spring’s water was flashing in the darkness, almost like it was glowing with light. After removing the slate of stone, Du Wei could feel the chill in the air increase 10 folds!

“What is this water…. Why is it so cold! Yet, it does not freeze?” Unable to stop himself, Du Wei started trembling from the cold and even his teeth’s were making a chattering noise.

Worried he might freeze to death if he continued ignoring the cold, Du Wei quickly performed the Stars Dou Qi set of movements. Once finished, the heat swelled up inside his body and drove out a bit of the cold air.

But Du Wei found that even for the knight, his face was covered in a thin layer of white frost! The moment the sweat on Hussein’s face came into contact with the air, it would freeze instantly!

“This spring was only discovered by me after I came to this place, not even the Treants knew this spring existed.” Medusa muttered.

“The Treant Tribesman doesn’t know…..” Du Wei sighed, “Just from looking, this spring is weird…… Is there anything special about it?”

Medusa didn’t say anything, but then she smiled and spoke in a light tone: “The black object you brought along with you was meant to be used against my eyes, right? It would be better if you were to wear it now.”

Du Wei smiled guiltily and pulled against Hussein’s shirt so that he will also put on his sunglasses.

Medusa gently pulled out a strand of her hair and placed it into her palm. Muttering a few chanting words, the hair twisted twice on her raised and flat palm, then quickly turned into a snake roughly the size of her thumb!

The snake was completely gold in coloration as if each scale on its body was made out of pure gold. After twisting around a few times, the snake rapidly lifted its head up and made a hissing sound with its eyes closed.

“This is a golden eyed Python. In order for the golden eyed python to grow into the size of a human waist, it would require decade’s worth of time to mature…..” As Medusa says this, she slowly reached out to carefully scoop up a handful of the spring’s water and fed it into the mouth of the golden eyed python…..

Then a miracle happened at this moment!

Medusa gently puts the snake down, then took a step back….

Under the careful observation of Du Wei and Hussein’s naked eyes, the snake’s body suddenly swelled up! Its scales constantly expanding and its body changed from the size of a thumb, into the size of a trunk! Not only was it getting bigger, the snake was also growing in length! Also, the previously closed eyes of the python were wide open.

Open!

Even under the protection of the black crystal sunglasses, Du Wei was still able to clearly see the snake’s eyes emitting a strange golden light! Upon eye contact with the python’s eye, Du Wei immediately felt a pain in his eyes, causing him to turn his head away!

Fortunately, they had the protection of the black crystal sunglasses, or else they would have most likely been turned into stone.

Next, the snake started rolling around on the floor as though it was in pain. It twisted around, then twisted a second time, and finally issued a subtle ‘Chee Chee’ sound……

It was actually in the process of molting!!!!

On the surface of where it molted, a nearly complete flashing golden colored snakeskin was left behind near Du Wei’s feet. As for the snake, it was still continuing to grow in size! Finally, the size of its body was so big that it could cover more than half the size of the black room, forcing Du Wei and his group to stand in a corner!

Later on, Du Wei silently computed in his mind that the snake has molted three more times in just a few minutes’ worth of time!

And then…… It began to age!

The huge body of the snake started to become weak and frail. The normally elastic body was becoming dry and even the normally shiny scales were dimming down. Bit by bit, its strength faded away and eventually its head just lay there helplessly, unable to move……

Under the snake’s skin, its flesh-and-blood began withering away. Finally…… The snake died and its body rapidly dried up like a jerky! Then the snake’s skin ruptured as if it was dried leather…..

“According to your human calculation, a golden eye python should have the life span of 40 years.” Medusa’s voice resounded inside the room: “From birth to death, the golden eyed python will molt four times during this period. After the fourth molt, its power and magic will reach its prime.”

Du Wei felt his heart racing!

More than 40 years?

But just now, how long was that experience? At most only ten minutes? No, probably only five or six minutes!

Within five or six minutes, a young golden eye Python has gone through its early age to its adult form. Then molting four times to reach its old age…… And then to death…… Within five minutes, the snake has covered its 40-year life span!?

“So, this is why I said this spring is the exact ‘opposite of the fountain of youth.” Medusa smiled, “I named it ‘As time goes by.'”

After a pause, the beautiful snake woman laughed loudly: “Gargamel said that if this spring was used as a poison, then it will be the most terrifying poison in the world!”

Du Wei and Hussein both looked stunned and shocked in their eyes!

Indeed, this really is the most terrifying poison in this world!

Time!

What poison can be more terrifying than the passage of time?!

Du Wei was thinking more……

Why is that? Why is this “As time goes by” not somewhere else, but instead, it is located near the fountain of youth?

Just like nature, everything vaguely reinforces each other in the natural order of the world! One will forever solidify a form; the other causes time to pass quickly!

So, if the two springs are mixed together, what kind of miraculous effect would come of it?

Or instead, if a person drank the water of the ‘fountain of youth’ ended up drinking the water of ‘As time goes by’…… What will happen then?

Of course, Du Wei hid these questions in his heart. He would never say these things in front of others…. Spending a moment in thought, he asked: “The spring’s water, can I take some with me?”

After getting the consent of the Medusa, Du Wei unceremoniously removed all the bottles on his body, and then dumped all the drugs inside to make room for the water….. All of these drugs could be found again once they leave this place, but once they leave, he would never be able to get his hand on the spring’s water again, even if he searched the entire world!

Du Wei brought out all of the bottles on him and filled up a few of the bottles with the waters of ‘As time goes by’, then filled the last remaining bottle with the water from ‘The fountain of Youth’.

“Why did you bring with you this terrifying ‘As time goes by’? Hussein frowned as he spoke, “This kind of thing can only poison people and doesn’t have any other use.”

“You forget, I am a magic pharmacist, a poison pharmacist!” Du Wei vaguely muttered the last part.

His heart had another intention.

‘As time goes by’…… What if it was cleverly used?

Feeding the golden eye python just a handful of water is enough to poison it to death in five minutes.

But…… What if you just drink less? Cleverly diluting the spring’s water to a certain extent? Would it be possible to just let the person grow older and not die of old age?

So…… What if we let the Treant tribesman outside drink it? Maybe we could make a seedling grow into a towering tree within a short period of time?

If too much, then drink a drop! If a drop is too much…… Then add a drop of this spring’s water into a bucket of water for dilution!

Du Wei was just far too curious regarding this thing!

Even after filling a few bottles, he still felt it was far too little and sheepishly looked at Medusa: “Do you still have other containers around here?”

Instead, it was Hussein that took out his personal belongings…… A leather bottle used to carry his wine, only after filling it up with the spring’s water did Du Wei finally felt satisfied.

Once I bring this back with me, I will have the opportunity to slowly study it!

“I was very surprised….. You are a golden eyed python that evolved by drinking the waters of the fountain of youth.” Du Wei spoke slowly, “But why did you not let other golden eyed Python drink the spring’s water?”

“Because I’m selfish.” Medusa answered without batting an eye: “There’s only one Medusa, my words are law! If there is more than one….. Then without a doubt, there will be a war. If there was a group of my kind, then maybe I will die.”

“Very good, you at least have a little bit of human nature.” Du Wei laughed: “Because generally speaking, humans are the most selfish creatures in this world.”

After a pause, Du Wei spoke with a smile: “Well then… Dear Majesty, what’s next?”

We have reached a deal. I’m willing to teach you everything about human nature…. So are you ready to join us and hit the road? Or stay here and wait till we finish our business and come back to get you?”

Medusa’s decision was quite surprising for everyone.

“I’m leaving with you,” The Queen did not hesitate to answer.

Du Wei was stunned, “You…… Are you saying that you will join our team?”

“No, not joining your team, just following you to leave.” Medusa spoke in a light tone: “I do not like human beings, nor do I believe humans. From Gargamel, I heard that the behavior of humans is to not keep their promises. So I’m going to follow you.”

Then… This indifferent and peerless beauty suddenly smiled while speaking: “And I have been here far too long! You should have seen it when you came in…. There are mice everywhere! And when I was a snake, I hated mouse’s the most!”

Du Wei smiled.

Yes, in the food chain, snakes are the natural enemies of mice!

Without a doubt, his companions have doubts and fears toward this Queen. Even Du Wei wasn’t certain if this move wouldn’t bring catastrophe to mankind.

This is not some random person! It is the most horrifying monsters known as Queen Medusa! As soon as she comes into contact with the human world, she could just open her eyes and look around…. Then there would be a bloodbath!

“Your majesty……” The mouse Prime Minister suddenly threw himself at her feet, “If you left, what am I supposed to do! Of those trees were to intrude, how can I possibly stop them!”

“Then just don’t stop them.” Medusa talked as if she held no lingering feelings towards this ‘kingdom’. “This Canyon is their land, return it to them.”

Old Greenwood has already been impatiently waiting outside the Canyon with his ‘companions’. Each step that Old Greenwood took was enough to shake the ground from time to time.

Seeing Du Wei and his group coming out, Old greenwood suddenly cheered and his ‘companions’ suddenly let out a whistling ROAR.

“Mr Old greenwood.” Du Wei pleasantly walked in front of the Treants: “We have persuaded the evil eye, starting today, she will return the Canyon to the Treants…… However, on one condition. I just need the Treant Tribesman to commit to one simple condition. I believe the good and gentle Treant’s race would never break their promises.”

What else could be said? Old Greenwood readily agreed at once.

“The Canyon is returned to you and the fountain of youth is inside……. But” Du Wei spoke slowly: “Inside the deepest part of the Palace, there is a black room; this place is banned to all parties. I request you to promise that the Treant’s race will guard this place and not allow anyone to get in! Or allow any creature to get near, whether it is magical beasts, humans, or anything else! You must stop them with all your strength! Other than this request, I have nothing else to ask.”

Before coming out, the powerful Knight had used his golden Dou Qi to split apart the palace with a few swings of his sword. With the palace gone, what was revealed is the original grounds and the ‘fountain of youth’, while the ‘As time goes by’ is quietly buried inside the intact black room.

The treant leader couldn’t adequately express his gratitude. Despite the grievance of a century’s worth of fighting, the kind and generous Treant’s tribesman didn’t hold any grudge against the evil eye. As long as they could take back the heritage of their race: The fountain of youth, they had no other requests.

Old Greenwood promised on the spot that they would kill any intruders that attempts to enter.

“Dear…… Guests…… Is the piece….. Of leaf…. I gave you…. Still here?”

Du Wei hesitated as he goes through his body in search of the gold leaf presented to him by Old Greenwood before they entered the Canyon. Originally, he thought after entering, they would be in a big battle with Medusa. The results were that it was useless. “Oh, I almost forgot, I’ll return this to you.” Du Wei said this with a smile.

“No! You…… Keep.” Old Greenwood’s honest voice trembled with an emotion of gratitude. Then he held out a branch and gently twisted up the leaf. Afterwards, several branches twisted and folded the golden leaf several times back and forth. Once finished, what became of the leaf was a golden colored horn!

Old Greenwood then told Du Wei an amazing secret!

This piece of gold leaf is produced by the Treant’s treasure, the “natural horn”!!

Once you fold this pure gold leaf into a small horn and blow into it….

As long as you are surrounded by trees, you could awaken the trees into Treant ‘Companions’.

(Even though Du Wei felt these things were just slaves to the real Treants.)

“You…… Can…… Drive…… Them to…… Do…… Anything….. For you.” Old Greenwood explained, “But… There is….. A… Time…… Limit.”

The so called time limit was that when the sun goes down, they would return to being normal trees.

“In other words, the limit of awakening is only one day.” Du Wei smiled.

He was so happy!!!

If…… If I could dilute the water of ‘As time goes by’ to a certain extent…… Then what would it mean?

As long as I carried a seed!

I would be like carrying around a swarm of giant bodyguards with me no matter where I go!!!



If you like this translation, try donating to sponsor a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 88




Chapter 88 “Close to the answer”

Clear skies like flowing waters.

Surprising Du Wei and his group, the weather was actually clearing up. In this land of ice and snow, the wind actually stopped blowing and snow stopped pouring down. Although the weather was still very cold, but at least it was a lot brighter with the sun hanging in the sky.

“Are we going to continue heading north?” Du Wei took a look at Hussein. From his heart, he really didn’t want to go because he was forcibly brought here by the old magician and ended up going through so much suffering. The most depressing thing was that he didn’t even know when these types of days will come to an end.

Hussein coldly replied, “Yes, to the North.”

“But, you should at least tell me where on earth are we heading to?” Du Wei suffocated for many days under these conditions and at this moment, his temper is finally about to explode, “I think I have a right to know where we are going! Otherwise, why should I continue traveling in this god forsaken place just to continue on a journey?”

Hussein was silent for a while, pondering for a moment and slowly said: “It’s not that I don’t want to tell you, but…… I don’t know either.”

“You don’t know?” If he wasn’t facing a Saint Paladin, Du Wei would ruthlessly walk over and give the other party a major kick with his foot!

What is this place? The ice-covered forest famed across the whole continent! If we were to continue heading north, we wouldn’t know what else lies beyond this place at all!

“Undying old fool only told me to go north. Specifically, he is the only person who knows the exact location of where we are going.” Hussein was telling the truth. Du Wei was upset over this fact, but he had no doubt regarding the knight’s words…… Because in the past several days, Du Wei already has a deep understanding of Hussein’s character.

The prideful person would absolutely disdain any form of lies.

“But what if he didn’t keep up with us? What if he can’t find us? Didn’t he go help you by distracting the soldiers following behind us? What if he was killed by the people from the temple?” Du Wei cursed, “Are we just going to keep heading all the way to the north? Further north, wouldn’t we end up in the Arctic Circle?”

“The Arctic Circle? What is the Arctic Circle?”

Du Wei doesn’t bother explaining, instead, he just rolled his eyes back.

Dadaneier has been standing on the sideline the entire time watching the dispute between the two. Then suddenly, in a whisper, he asked: “Excuse me you two, can I say a word?”

“What is it?” My friend, if you have something to say, then feels free to tell me. “Facing Dadaneier, Du Wei was acting very kindly.

A trace of shame could be seen on Dadaneier’s face, as if he was afraid to look Du Wei in the eyes: “I…… I’m so ashamed, but I have to say it…… My friends, I have to go back. I cannot go further north with everyone.”

Du Wei thought and thought, then he immediately got it!

Dadaneier’s purpose was to look for the Python’s eye so that he could save his mistress’s life, save the Marquise of Lister’s life! Moreover, the Marquise only has three months’ worth of time left. He has already spent quite a long period of time in his quest, now that he has achieved his goal, Dadaneier must hurry back before the time limit runs out.

Du Wei had no doubt that this friend isn’t a coward in front of death, nor does he believe that the friendship they had built between the two is false. But Dadaneier has no choice but to head back because he bears the burden of saving his mistress’s life!

“I feel so ashamed, my friend. I’m willing to accompany you on this adventure, even if I die, I would never regret it. “This warrior of the Lister family bowed his head:” But, I have no choice but to leave you because the life of the Marquise is on the line. Since I have found the item to save her life, I must return. My friends…. I feel really disgusted at myself. I……”

Du Wei sighed as he held onto Dadaneier to stop him from bowing. Then, with his hand, he patted Dadaneier’s back a few times as he spoke in a loud voice: “No need to say anymore, my friend! I understand and can relate. I believe you are a brave and a person loyal to your friends!”

“However, to be able to find the golden eye python was because of you…. Now, I’m leaving you right after we found what I came for….” Dadaneier looked at Du Wei with a painful expression.

“No need to say anymore!” Du Wei shook his head: “Friends are in the heart! I know you’re a good man. At the very least, you almost died trying to save me the other day. I understand your difficulties.”

But then, Du Wei thought of another question: “But…… How will you get back?”

Not that Du Wei looked down on Dadaneier, it is just that with Dadaneier’s strength, it would too dangerous to let him travel alone through the frozen forest and return to the human world! Along the way, he was luckily able to meet Du Wei, and besides them was the invisible old magician secretly protecting them. Then later on, they were only able to reach the big round lakes by joining the snow Wolf mercenary group. If it weren’t for Du Wei and Hussein accompanying him…… Of course, it was mainly because the powerful presence of Hussein that Dadaneier was able to get here in the first place!

And now, you want to let Dadaneier go back alone…… Du Wei is worried that Dadaneier wouldn’t even be able to cope with an intermediate magical beast along the way!

So, find someone to send him out? There is no chance in expecting Hussein to help because he has already made up his mind to head north. Also, Du Wei can’t expect himself to help because he had no confidence he could escort Dadaneier out safely.

So…… Du Wei turned his gaze towards Medusa.

Queen Medusa still had her eyes closed as she lifted her head up towards the sun. As her hair flutter against the wind, her pale and white face revealed a strange expression. Under the lights of the sun, the contour of her face seemed to be shining and her expression looked like she was enjoying the warm feeling under the sunlight.

Well…… If it was Queen Medusa, then she would naturally have the ability to escort Dadaneier back…… However, the Queen is also a time bomb! What if she accidentally opened her eyes and took a look around her….. Then everything is finished!

So Du Wei immediately dismissed the idea.

As if aware of Du Wei’s difficulty, Dadaneier immediately said: “Well, my friend, you don’t have to worry about me, I believe I can get out of here by myself! You still have your own objective and I already owe you a lot! I cannot add to your problems!”

He patted the bow on his back, and then laughed loudly: “No matter what you say, I am still a third level warrior; I believe I should be able to make it out of here!”

“Dadaneier.” Du Wei sighed with a sincere voice: “I never wanted to look down on you. I have no doubt of your courage and you will of being afraid of death…… However, I hope you understand that this place is the frozen forest! Also, I want you to understand that we only managed to reach this place due to sheer coincidence and a lot of special conditions. You are not afraid of death, but….. You have to understand that you are now carrying the burden of saving the Marquise of Lister’s life. It’s not the problem of whether you are afraid of death or not….. If somehow you were to be killed while returning, then the only hope of saving Mrs.Lister is gone!”

With a sullen face, Dadaneier whispered: “Yes! My death means nothing, but if it was because of me that causes the mistress’s life, then…..”

Just as the three struggled with this problem, Old Greenwood succeeded in solving the problem.

“I think…… I have an idea……” Old Greenwood sounded very adamant: “My…… Friends…… You have… Already… Helped…… The Treants…… Do a lot….. Now give…… Us…… A…… Opportunity….. To repay…… You!! I will….. Safely…… Send your….. Friend out… Of… The…. Forest!”

“You?”

Du Wei was still somewhat unsure of this solution, but the next word from Old Greenwood managed to relieve him of any worries.

“This place is the forest!”

There are a lot of magical beasts in the forest, but what else is more here?

It is trees! As long as they are under the protection of Old Greenwood, then every tree in this place would become Treant ‘Companions’.

Having an endless supply of Treant ‘Companions’ to protect you, of course Dadaneier would have no problem leaving the frozen forest.

After resolving the problem, Dadaneier did not dare to delay any longer. He immediately bid his farewell to Du Wei and the group. After giving Du Wei a big hug, he spoke in a sincere tone, “My friend, I owe all of you way too much! I will await your visit to the Lister family household…. If I get a chance, I’ll also go to the Roland plains to see you!” (Note: Du Wei’s family name is Rawling, so as to why the author used Roland is something even I don’t get. I’ll try to make glossary in the future for all of this because even I’m getting a bit confused.)

After a pause, he spoke in a solemn tone: “I bid you all farewells!”

After his words, Dadaneier and Hussein looked at each other and nodded to each other: “And thank you! As for your situation, I will not reveal even a word about you once I return!”

With that said Dadaneier turned around and strode away in big steps, leaving behind only long strides of footprints in the snow.

Old Greenwood walked in a slow and heavy pace as he followed behind with a group of Treant ‘Companions’.

“Well then now, shall we talk about our business?” Du Wei looked at Hussein: “I hate being pushed around and have my life be manipulated by someone else. I’m willing to continue on our journey, but at least I must know exactly what am I doing!”

Hussein hesitated before sighing, “Very well, I can tell you something.”

The Knight picked out a rock and sat down. Looking directly up at the sun, he had very complex expression like he was indulging himself in his memories.

After a long pause, the knight whispered: “I told you, I had once served as the guardian of the sanctuary. All holy knights that are about to advance into the holy knight leader position must spend some time as the guardian of the sanctuary. I’ve told you this before, right?”

“Yes, you also told me that you inadvertently found the holy knight’s badge of Aragon within the Sanctuary.” Du Wei puts on a deadpan face.

“Unfortunately…… Things are not so simple. It’s not a simple badge.”

That is not a simple badge.

According to Hussein’s words, there is a hidden magic array on the badge.

And the magic array has left behind a phantom message of Aragon!

All of this has been just like how Du Wei found out about the message left behind by Saimei the female astrologer.

It’s just that the message in the magic array left behind by Aragon was much more shocking!

“Do you know how Aragon was killed?” At this point, Hussein lets out a somewhat psychotic laugh…….

If you like this translation, consider donating to sponsor a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 89




Chapter 89 “Saint-Roland”

Aragon Roland, founder of the Roland Empire, the first emperor of the Empire.

He is considered to be the most powerful expert in a thousand years and the first legendary figure to be titled “Strongest under the stars”. Fluent in both magic and martial skills, his magic powers have reached extreme heights. (Du Wei knows that when Aragon left the Devil’s Island, he took with him half the strength of Chris’s magic) And on martial skills, he also achieved the level of Saint Paladin.

Moreover, he is different when compared to the estranged powerful experts in history. Aragon also had considerable intelligence and political savvy. By fully taking advantage of his personal powers, he had built a vast and sprawling empire that has lasted even to this present day!

He was the Emperor, the founding emperor!

Such a legendary person……. How did he die?

History records are quite blurred on this point.

Even in the official history records of the Roland Empire, the exploits of Aragon would of course be magnificently recorded, but everything about his majesty’s death can be easily described in a short sentence.

“XXX years, founding emperor Aragon-Roland passes away, XX King crowned as 2nd Emperor of the Empire……”

Similar historical records for the past hundred years have all stated thus.

“The temple’s Sanctuary stores away the badges of every Holy knight…. Whether they are a devoted and faithful knight in their lifetime, or a traitorous heretic that has fallen from grace.” Hussein’s voice sounded mysterious, “Do you understand when I say it like this?”

You understand? Of course I understand.

“Yes.” Hussein nods.

The Sanctuary is one of the several mysterious places in the Temple and outsiders are not allowed to enter this place. The only ones eligible to enter are his Majesty the Pope, a few of the elders and the temple’s presiding judgement lord. Adding all of these key figures together, the only other people allowed to go in are the holy knights that are about to advance into the three leadership positions….. At any time, there would be no more than five people that would be allowed to enter the Sanctuary.

Moreover, once the sanctuary guardian retires, he would not be allowed to re-enter this place.

The rules of the temple are heavily enforced.

“I originally thought the Sanctuary is where we pay homage to those that has specifically sacrificed themselves or swore allegiance to the temple their entire life. But then I found out I was wrong.” Hussein sneered: “It’s all a big cover. Outsiders only know that the Sanctuary is heavily protected by a powerful guardian, this way intruders could not disturb the souls of the dead….. But in fact, these are all acts to cover up the truth! The real secret is that the Sanctuary holds many unknown secrets….. Especially those like me that have betrayed the temple!”

The Sanctuary is divided into the outer sanctum and the inner sanctum. The outer section is where they store the badges of those that have served the temple all their lives.

And the inner sanctum is where the real important things are kept!

Any valuable things that had once belonged to the traitors of the temple are all stored in there.

“Thousands of badges are placed in the outer sanctum, enjoying generations of worship….. And within the inner sanctum, is in fact a dark room without light. The atmosphere inside is ghastly and the room is enshrouded in an imprisoning spell. Placed inside are thirteen objects.” Hussein smiled: “Historically, there are thirteen saint Paladins that have betrayed the temple and their badges have been stored inside the inner sanctum. Not only that, the temple has forever placed a cursed onto these badges, locking them under an imprisonment spell! Is this the so called ‘mercy’ the temple has been spouting through the ages?!”

“Thirteen?” Du Wei was somewhat curious: “Thirteen badges? In a thousand years, the temple has only faced thirteen traitors among its ranks?”

“I don’t know.” Hussein shook his head: “Perhaps there are more than thirteen traitors in a thousand years, but not all traitors are entitled to ‘enjoy’ being forever cursed. Only those that has caused the temple to suffer a major loss or shamed to a certain extent can they be qualified to ‘enjoy’ such a curse.”

Du Wei nodded, feeling relieved. (He must have thought the temple would curse him too, lol)

That is accurate. Not just anybody would be able to cause the temple to hate them to such an extent.

“Maybe your badge will also be placed inside the inner sanctum.” Du Wei laughed: “With your level of strength, you are definitely qualified to ‘enjoy’ the curse, right?”

“Indeed.” Hussein put on a deadpan expression: “Once they killed me, they will put my badge within the inner sanctum because such a curse can only be cast by the Pope himself. Even if the person is dead, they will never rest in peace. Under the effect of such supreme magic, their souls will forever be tortured under the effects of the curse! Every holy knight must take on a blood oath with their badge before joining the temples rank. This method allows the temple to punish the souls of any traitors….. Otherwise, why do you think I would go to such lengths to evade the pursuers? Do you think I am afraid of death? I am not afraid of death, but even I do not wish for my soul to be subjected to such eternal torture!”

Listening to the bone chilling words of the knight, Du Wei suddenly felt a shudder through his spine.

Even death will not release one’s soul…… This kind of punishment is too terrifying.

“Originally, even the sanctuary guardian cannot enter the inner sanctum. Only his Majesty the Pope is able open the door that leads into the inner sanctuary. Hussein’s tone of voice had a mysterious feeling to it: “But that night, while I was meditating in the Sanctuary, I heard a sound coming from the inner sanctum…. The sound was like someone crying, almost like someone calling out for me. With my level of cultivation, I knew it wasn’t an illusion, so I immediately stood up and searched around. At first, I was worried an outsider was able to sneak inside the Sanctuary…… But then, what I found was something surprising.”

“The door leading into the inner sanctum?” Du Wei guessed.

“Yes, it is the inner sanctum door. The door that was supposed to be locked with magic and only his Majesty the Pope is able to open.” Hussein shook his head with a complex expression, unsure of whether to feel regret or gratitude.

Or… Maybe both.

“Did you go in?” Du Wei sighed and shook his head as he whispered, “No need to say anymore, you must have gone inside.”

Du Wei was speechless.

Wouldn’t you?

Of course! For a young Knight in his most glorious time of age, he will no doubt be full of curiosity towards life. Matched this with his superior strength and abilities…. It would be strange for him not to go see what has happened!

“Even now, I’m still wondering what would have happened if I didn’t go look that night. Then wouldn’t the outcome have been much better? If I didn’t figure out everything that was happening inside, then I would have become a holy knight leader, admired and respected by all the people.” Hussein Sighed.

“No.” Du Wei shook his head at Hussein with a face showing how level headed he was: “If that door really was covering all the temples dark secrets….. So even if you didn’t go inside and reported to the Pope on the spot,,, My guess is that in all likelihood, they would still come up with some reason and method to kill you!”

There is no doubt that Du Wei’s speculation made complete sense, so Hussein didn’t argue with this.

“Thirteen badges are placed inside the inner sanctum and not any random badge, but high leveled holy knight badges. From just one look, you can tell these badges were very ancient and old.” Squinting his eyes, Hussein thought back to that life changing night: “At the time, I was shocked and confused. Even though I am not a magician…. But I could still feel the magic in the atmosphere is not any sort of blessing! Just being in the presence of such magic would cause discomfort and despair!”

Then with a strange smile on his face, Hussein continued speaking: “Engraved onto the thirteen badges that was placed on top of a stone table is the names of the original owners…. A total of thirteen names. Can you guess who is the first name that I saw?”

Du Wei had already guessed. Feeling a bitter taste in his mouth, he muttered: “Aragon Roland?”

“Yes, it’s him.”

Aragon Roland.

Since encountering all these strange experiences, it seems all of the events somehow gets dragged into a relationship with this legendary name!

Strongest under the star!

Founder of the Empire!

The founding emperor!

History’s most powerful holy knight!

And an expert that has made a deal with the Devils……

Wait, wait!

And now, to this name, we may once again add to it with a prestigious title:

The temple’s biggest traitor in the history! (Lol, I’ll definitely need to make a glossary for all his titles at this rate)

“It is not finished.” It seems today Hussein will share with Du Wei a very big ‘surprise’.

A trace of malice could be seen on the knight’s face: “You are a noble child of the Rowling household, so you must have received a good education and learned about history, especially the history regarding the founding of the empire. I believe you must have learned from those history textbooks that Aragon Roland had an invincible platoon of knights under him. In some historical records, every member of this platoon is considered to be distinguished experts and showed absolute allegiance to Aragon himself!! This group of experts could be considered his own personal fighting force and every member are all fanatically loyal to Aragon.”

“I’ve heard of it, it’s called ‘Roland’s Saint Knight Platoon’. This platoon is the shadow of Aragon and his most effective fighting force. Powerful yet mysterious, all documents related to this knight platoon are non-existing. Nor is there any detailed information regarding the members of this platoon, not even their names were written down! We only know that there was an unbeatable platoon of knights under Aragon, but we do not know where they came from or who they were. It wasn’t until later on after their contributions in unifying the continent that others started adding the word ‘Saint’ to their title. In the history of Roland, there have been many powerful platoons emerging. This includes the Temples holy knights platoon, but only Roland’s Saint Knight Platoon was ever given the title ‘Saint’ in front of their name.”

Du Wei is indeed educated. When he was young, he has read all the history books and even those few precious rare documents, His answers did not show any delay, like it was common knowledge in his mind, readied to be spoken at a moment’s notice.

“Well then, I think I can tell you the details about this knight platoon.” Hussein laughs in a low voice, but his laughter was so disturbing that it was hair raising.

“In fact, that mysterious knight platoon did not have many members. Altogether, including Aragon, this team only has thirteen members! Thirteen!” In a muffled voice, Hussein cursed: “But…. Let me tell you, each of those thirteen members wielded enough strength to match me! Some of the members strength may not be at the Saint Paladin level, but they are most certainly close! Thirteen top level experts, thirteen fanatic loyalists to Aragon!”

Du Wei felt he could no longer say another word.

The inner sanctum of the Sanctuary uses evil curse and magic to suppress these thirteen souls, this included Aragon himself!

Taking in a deep breath, Du Wei felt his tone was a little stiff: “You mean……”

“It is.” The Knight nodded quietly.

“The soul of his majesty the founding emperor is being suppressed….”

“It is.” The Knight nodded.

“Even the highly credited heroes of the ‘Roland Saint Knight Platoon’ is….”

“It is.” The Knight continues nodding his head.

Daring enough to take the soul of the founding emperor and put it in the Sanctuary so that it can be eternally damned!

Daring enough to put the souls of the thirteen founding heroes into the Sanctuary so that they could be eternally damned!

The Temple would dare to perform such an immense act?!

Fucking bastards! Those temple bastards would dare! Are they not afraid of the royal family of the Roland Empire taking them head on? Are they not afraid of the riots from the citizens once they find out about their founding hero?! Fucking! Goddamn! Goddamn!! Damn!!

Du Wei repeatedly took in deep breaths, but he could not come up with the right words to describe his current mood.

So he had to use the most direct and simple words to express his emotions at the moment.

Du Wei difficultly said, “Very good! Very powerful!”

If you like this translation, consider donating to sponsor a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 90




Chapter 90 “Rejected transaction”

“I understand now why the temple would send out such a powerful force to kill you.” Du Wei puts on a wry smile.

Two holy knight leaders, a large number of senior holy knights, as well as the presiding judgement lord….. Such a lineup hasn’t been seen for at least a century.

And the reason is because the secret that Hussein discovered is just that amazing!

Who in the Roland Empire doesn’t respect such a great Emperor? Who doesn’t respect the founding hero in history? Even now, within the imperial palace’s living room, there hung a portrait of his Majesty Aragon Roland and a giant portrait of his mysterious group of Saint Knights Platoon.

Even back in the age when the Rowling family was on the rise, the Roland Empire was currently facing a crisis and the Emperor himself had publicly issued these words: “If only I could have had the support of a fighting force like our ancestors ‘Saint Roland Knight Platoon’, then I would never have allowed the Empire to sink into such a state!”

If it was spread to the public that the Temple of light was doing such awful deeds of cursing his Majesty and the founding heroes of the empire! Then without a doubt, this event would wipe away any prestige the temple has gained over the centuries and rouse the anger of the royal family and the public citizens.

Under such circumstances, how can Hussein not to die? He must die! This is the so called dead man tells no tales.

“But now, I told you this secret.” Hussein sneered.

Du Wei was speechless.

He could only sigh at his own curiosity because at this rate, it would end up getting him killed.

Even for a holy knight that the temple has spent countless years cultivating can be easily discarded and killed…. Just so they could hide this secret? Then what about himself? Du Wei is only a small nobility, even if his family is heavily entrenched in the Empire’s structure… The temple would without a doubt also try to kill him!

Knowing such a secret is like seeking one’s own death.

“Now, do you want to continue listening?” Hussein’s voice held a hint of mockery because he could see the facial color changing in Du Wei’s face.

Du Wei laughed bitterly: “Do I even still have a chance to go back? Oh please, I’ve been with you in this forest for so many days already. If the temple were to find out about this, I would definitely be ranked among the top three in their hit list! Whether you tell me now or not is the same. Since you have already revealed the opening segment, you may as well continue on.”

Hussein’s face looked somewhat appreciative, albeit he still looked cold: “You love looking for trouble, so it’s not me trying to harm you.”

Subsequently, Hussein sighed and looked up at the sky: “Aragon’s badge…..”

Aragon is not only a powerful Knight, but a great magician as well.

His badge left behind a magic array, and this magic array left behind a residual message. That night when Hussein went inside, he not only saw the cursed badges, but also the personal message left behind by Aragon.

How did the first emperor of the Roland Empire meet his death? Hussein cannot answer this question because the message left behind by Aragon didn’t mention this….. The reason is very simple: When Aragon left the message behind, he was still alive, so how could he possibly know when he would be dead?

But… The message left behind by Aragon had implied a very important message, that is, while the founding emperor was in power, the relationship between Aragon and the Temple has already reached an unstable state…. Almost like fire and ice mixing together.

This is very easy to understand.

No doubt about it, Aragon is a broad minded hero. Such an amazing person is always very intelligent and has a strong ambition for power. He was able to start from a declining noble family and fight in the divided continent, the results of his efforts was the unification of all the kingdoms on the continent. In history, there has never been such a vast empire…. You can say such a person like Aragon appearing is unprecedented.

When such a powerful person has just unified the continent and brought peace to the lands, then from his back, he realized there was still the Temple of Light that could challenge his authority!

For a character like him, how could he allow such a thing to happen?!

The Temple is what? The Temple is a religion and the organization advocating the supreme deity in this world! It represents the god’s will; it represents the god’s intention! It is equivalent to another Emperor with its wide influence and authority!

Moreover, such influence and authority is not a fantasy, but reality! In the war to unify the continent, Aragon joined the Temple of Light in order to win over their support. By using the Temple to unify the continent, the temple also used Aragon to scatter their influence across the continent!

Finally, according to the first agreement between both parties: the temple not only has its own armed forces (Holy Knights) but also has the right to collect taxes!

Having armed forces, having the right to collect taxes, this is no different from having a state within the Roland Empire! Children’s of the Empire would inevitably be torn between the two powers. On one hand, they are subjects of the Roland Empire, on the other; they are devotees of the Temple of Light.

With this backing, it is enough for the temple to challenge the Empires authority for control.

(On this point, Du Wei reminiscent the history of his past life. In order to unify the empire, the Roman Emperor was forced to cooperate with the Christian church. The results were that the Emperor gained a firm grasp on power and the Church also fully developed and spread across the empire.

Aragon is a smart man and soon saw the danger in such a situation, or it’s better to say that he had long foreseen such a situation. Maybe it was because he needed the support of the church in order to establish the Empire, so he kept his temper inside. But once the Empire was established, he could no longer turn a blind eye to a power capable of challenging his authority!

Thus, the contradictions between the Royal family and the Temple started to erupt!

“How can I let someone else sleep in my bed?!”

Du Wei thought for a moment and felt the first emperor must have also thought this was the case.

What’s more, Du Wei knows that his Majesty Aragon is in fact a believer of the devil!

All those years of struggle must have been very bloody, very dark, and very intense…… But the process could no longer be known. What we could authenticate is that Aragon clearly failed because the Temple still exists today and still challenges imperial authority.

And as for Aragon himself, he’s been secretly punished by the Temple. For nearly a thousand years, the Temple has been cursing his soul, unable to rest.

How did Aragon meet his death? Du Wei does not know, but he speculates that the way he died is not so glorious….. Or even somewhat shady.

In order for the Temple to kill such a powerful figure of the continent, it would definitely be an extremely difficult task.

Poison? Assassination? Murder?

Only heavens knows.

And killing such a highly skilled expert……

Du Wei does not believe there is anyone in this world capable of completing such a task! ‘The Strongest Under The Stars’, who else can be more powerful than him?

Unless……

Du Wei got a chill!

Could it be that god himself? Aragon was killed by God?!

Nothing is impossible… For someone like Du Wei, who has been on the Devils Island. In fact, this kind of speculation is very likely.

“The person that left behind this magic array also left behind three important messages.” Hussein said: “First, he told me that only those with blood relations to the Saint Roland Knight Platoon can trigger this magic array. As for me, my bloodline is descended from a member of the Saint Roland Knight Platoon.”

This is surprising news indeed.

Hussein carries with him the Saint Roland Knight Platoon bloodline and is a direct descendant of one of the members.

“Even I never knew of this.” Hussein smiled bitterly: “I heard my ancestors are part of a declining nobility lineage. It was said that our family did have a brilliant past during the war to establish the Empire and our family did prosper for a while. But it’s been many generations since our family went into decline and upon my generation, our family tree has nearly dried up….. You should be aware that when the Temple selects the candidates for a Holy Knight, they would only select the poor and low statured members of society. This is to avoid the off chance of bringing in a person of high nobility and allowing imperial power to infiltrate the Temple’s control. As long as I can remember, my family has been poor. Never once have I ever thought…. My ancestors actually had such a brilliant achievement in the past….. Oh, Knights of the Saint Roland Platoon…… The most mysterious and powerful fighting force in the founding of the Empire. You can’t even begin to imagine how shocked my heart was that night when I found the magic array!”

“I can only imagine.” Du Wei smiled wryly, interrupting the knight as he recalled his memories. In a cautious voice, he asked: “Well then, this is the first message, what is the following two?”

“Now the second message also has something to do with you.” Hussein smiled maliciously: “Do you remember the movement routine I taught you? As I said before, this is the basis for practicing some kind of amazing Dou Qi (Energy),, And this amazing Dou Qi is the second message left behind by Aragon….. When Aragon swept through the continent and became the strongest of the strong, he relied on this special skill known as ‘Stars Dou Qi’!”

Du Wei took in a hard swallow of saliva, “He taught you?”

“Yes.” Hussein blinked his eyes: “Now, you have learned the basic segment. After you have trained to a certain degree, I can consider teaching you the rest.”

Du Wei was silent for a moment in order to digest the news. After sighing, he asked: “And what is the last piece of the message he left behind?”

“The last one…. Is to lead me in my search for my companions.”

Speaking up to this point, Hussein suddenly showed a hateful expression: Finding the other descendants that have inherited Aragon’s will.”

Other descendants?

Du Wei can only imagine the reason behind Aragon leaving his dominating martial skills inside his badge just so he could pass it onto Hussein, a descendant of the Saint Roland Knight platoon.

Even so…… Don’t forget Aragon also wielded an unmatched level of magic powers!

Du Wei’s lip kept opening and closing: “Could it be……”

It was at this moment, a sigh could be heard from the nearby woods.

From behind a giant tree, a figure leisurely walks out onto the snow, but left no trace of any footprints in his wake.

His beard was gray with a pointed hat on top of his head, and his white magician’s robe was full of stains. Upon closer inspection, you could even notice hints of burn and two gaping holes near the bottom of his robe. It was clear that this person has experienced a bitter battle.

Vivian’s teacher, the old magician that has kidnapped Du Wei up till now was slowly walking out of the woods. God knows how long he’s been there or how much he heard of their conversation. His face looked calm, but from his eyes, you could see a hint of bitterness as he continued walking over with a bitter laugh.

“It is I that have inherited the magic portion of Aragon’s power.”

“Yes, it is that undying old fool.” Hussein glanced at the old magician, as if he wasn’t surprised in the least at the sudden appearance of the old magician. In a cold manner, Hussein said: “He was my companion. If it wasn’t for him, I wouldn’t be in such a sorry state!”

The old magician looked somewhat haggard. Silently walking over to the two and took a look at the currently sun bathing Medusa in the distance. Then shaking his head, he said: “You are going too far with the insults… Alas, Queen Medusa! It is as everything predicted!”

Du Wei immediately caught on to what the old magician said: “Prophecy?”

The old magician ignored Du Wei’s questioning; instead, he went over to Medusa’s side and carefully inspected the beautiful snake women. Then in a respectful manner, he said: “Dear Queen Medusa, hello to you.”

The calm expression on Medusa’s face showed no hint of breaking: “You’ve been here a long time and ease dropped for a long time… Do people like doing such things? Or could this also be a part of human nature?”

The old magician stumbled at the sudden question, but soon returned to normal: “Humanity is much more complex than your imagination.”

Du Wei frowned: “You don’t seem to be surprised at seeing Medusa, could it be that you’ve been spying on us this whole time?”

“My dear child, I’m not as evil as you say.” The old magician spoke bitterly: “If not for my own luck, I’m afraid I wouldn’t be alive right now to see you. Oh, and the things regarding you guys, I met your friend Dadaneier in the woods, so he was able to tell me everything that has happened.”

Hussein seemed to have little patience for such pleasantries. He glared at the old Magician and said: “Undying old fool, you’re late in coming here. What has happened to you these days? Could it be that several senior Knights and magicians were too much for you to cope with?”

The old magician didn’t care at all about the Knights rude behavior; his tone was serious as he spoke: “Yes, I almost didn’t manage to come back…… You should understand that the Temple intends to have you killed at all costs…. They have already dispatched their men’s from their Platoon of Elders! Along the way, I met up with several senior knights and tried to lead them away from you guys. But very soon, we bumped into some very high class magicians from the Elder Platoon. If it wasn’t because of how well hidden I was at the time, they would have found out about my location and identity.”

“The Elder Platoon has also been dispatched….” Hussein was laughing coldly as he said this, but it was clear his laughter wasn’t natural from the twitching in his eyes.

“Your life now is very valuable.” The old magician said this with a smile: “I overheard their conversation that two days ago; the Temple has officially unveiled the traitor’s identity. Your charges are attempted assignation of the Pope, and the killing of the two other holy knight leaders. The warrant has already been issued by the Pope himself. Now you are the number one most wanted criminal in the entire continent.”

The Knight coldly snorted at this knowledge.

“Hussein. I know you are a prideful person and not afraid of becoming the most wanted criminal on the continent. But you must understand that the old fellows in the Elder Platoon are not to be taken lightly! “As he said this, the old magician gently shook his robe, “You see this? When I met those three elders, I was nearly killed by them when they joined hands.”

“You’re just unwilling to reveal your true identity to them.” Hussein spoke coldly: “I don’t believe it, just three guys from the Elder Platoon is enough to kill you. If you had gone at them fully from the start, even if you cannot win, escaping wouldn’t be an issue for you.”

“My identity is still useful to us. I cannot openly go against the temple, or else, I’ll face endless pursuit by the Temple.” The old magician shook his head, “You also need a companion hiding in the shadows to assist you.”

Du Wei was unhappy.

He suddenly coughed a few times, arousing everyone’s attention. Du Wei looked unhappy, and eyed the two in front of him: “All right! The two of you are both supreme experts of the continent! One of you is the number one knight on the continent! Another is a top leveled almighty magician! Both of you are descendants of Aragon’s Saint Knight Platoon….. Both of you intend to make an enemy of the Temple! You guys intend to carry on Aragon’s legacy…. Both of you intend to do great thing! But….” With wide eyes, Du Wei shouted: “But what the fuck do I have to do with this!! Whatever it is that you wanted to do; you can go ahead and do it! I am neither a strong and powerful knight, nor an almighty powerful magician! I’m just a loafing noble that likes to pull pranks! Why did you drag me into this? Especially you, old…..”

Speaking up to this point, Du Wei suddenly remembered the spells used by the old magician to control what he says. From the original words of ‘old fool’, he changed it to only: “old Gramps… Why are you kidnapping me to this forsaken place? Now you want me to continue heading even further north….. What other use am I to you?!”

Silence……

A moment later, Hussein coughed to break the silence. Calmly looking at the old magician, he asked: “This is something I wanted to ask you too. Why is it that you wanted me to take this little guy with me and bring him so far?!”

The old magician’s eye flashed with a thought, and then he gently took off his pointed hat, revealing a somewhat messy looking straightened white hair. After fixing up his hair, he sighed: “All right, I think it is time for some answers.”

As he said this, the old magician looked at Hussein, then at Du Wei: “Kid, even Hussein doesn’t know of this matter. It is regarding the origin of Aragon’s power. Others may not know this but you do, right? Because you’ve been on the Devils Island and met old Chris, right?”

With that said the old magician raised a hand and shot forth a wind blade. The speed of the wind blade was very fast. Before Du Wei could even react, the blade has already cut off the hat from Du Wei’s head and not only that; it has also cut apart the rope tying his hair!

With his hair disheveled, the devil’s horn that he was hiding was revealed to everyone’s eyes!

Hussein had a look and couldn’t help but ask: “What is that thing…… Your head actually has such an incredibly long horn?! Could it be that you aren’t human?”

Du Wei glowered at the old magician, and then snapped: “Of course I am human! As for this thing….. Hmm, it is nothing. It is only a thing to strengthen my sensory of magic. Only with this, can I use magic.”

The old magician put on a smile, not caring about the angry eyes showing on Du Wei’s face: “Well, my child, why don’t let Hussein in on the things you heard about Aragon and the Devils Island. Regarding this matter, I have not said anything to him.”

The events that happened on the Devils Island are nothing too complicated. Simply speaking, it is where a powerful servant of the Devil, old Chris is currently imprisoned and he loved making deals with those that find their way onto the island.

And Aragon is one of the traders. The powerful skills and powers belonging to Aragon can almost all be traced back to the deal he made with the devil’s servant.

Du Wei was always a good speaker and since he experienced it first hand, so of course he would naturally make it a thrilling and moving story.

Hussein was almost gawking with awe as he listened! For the knight, this information would of course be absolutely shocking!

The old magician has long guessed the reaction Hussein would make. After Du Wei finished his story, he immediately said: “In fact, I have also gone to search out old Chris in the past….”

“Wait a minute!” Du Wei frowned, his eyes flashing with suspicion: “Old Gramps….. You’re lying! When I met Chris, he told me that before I arrived, the last human to visit him was Aragorn!! Other than Aragon, no other person has made a deal with him!!”

“Yes, what he said is all correct.” The old magician said this with a smile: “I did in fact go to the island and met up with that asshole old Chris…. He is indeed an asshole, but he is also an adorable asshole. I submitted a trade with him…. But he refused me.”

“Why?” In a deep voice, Du Wei asked, “He was even willing to trade with the lowly me, why would he refuse a trade with an all-powerful magician?”

“Because……” The old magician smiled: “He refused to give me the thing that I asked for.”

“What is it that you wanted?” Du Wei suddenly felt his heart racing! He already guessed what it was!

“I asked him……” The old magician’s smile was very strange, almost unable to be described…..

“…… I asked him to return his Majesty Aragon’s heart! Return the ‘Kings heart’!”

If you like this translation, try donating to sponsor an extra release.



* * *





Chapter 91




Chapter 91 “Enemies”

What use is there for returning the ‘King’s heart’?

The old magician didn’t answer this question and his story only reached up to this point before refusing to continue, this was very depressing for Du Wei. Whether it was his past life or present life, he has always been a person with a high level of curiosity. To only reveal half a story enshrouded in mystery and still not come up with an answer, this fact was causing his heart much discomfort.

However, the old magician at the very least gave him enough information to answer one question he had: “Our destination is all the way to the North…. And of course, will have a use for you by bringing you along.”

All right!

Du Wei clenched his teethes in frustration, but since he has already boarded this dark ship, he may as well go all the way. Moreover, being in the presence of such two powerful experts, Du Wei had no other options.

Even though Queen Medusa is following behind him, Du Wei is not foolish enough to think that someone like her will listen to him and be at his disposal. The near disaster class beauty is only following him to ‘observe human nature’…. So, he can’t expect help from the other parties.

All the way to the North…. What is there in the North?

The old magician lets out a mysterious laugh, “Once we get there, you will know.”

If he didn’t take into account the huge difference between both group’s strength, Du Wei would have really wanted to take off his boots and throw it at the old magician’s nose. Maybe after smashing in his nose, the old magician would think twice about laughing!

In this way, the team has now lost one Dadaneier, but gained an old magician.

“We should step upon our journey.” The old magician declares: “Right now, I’ve trapped the temple pursuers inside a magic array near the large lakes. According to my estimation, it would take those men’s two days to break free from the illusions. On top of that, I’ve disguised myself and escaped in the opposite direction before I came here. Let’s hope they will head in the other direction.”

Well then… Let’s be on our way!

Du Wei sighed.

From his sleeves, the old magician took out a pouch that never seems to run out of magical items. Moving his hand around inside the bag, he took out a whistle and blew into it…… Despite blowing into the whistle, Du Wei couldn’t hear any sounds, but Hussein and Medusa were both frowning from his action.

This is obviously a magic tool.

Not even for a moment, a running sound could be heard from a distance. Then with amazed eyes, Du Wei could see four strong looking wolves running towards the group from the woods.

Ice Demon Wolves!!

“Oh! No, no, don’t touch; don’t scare these little kids!” The old magician waved his hand to stop Du Wei and Hussein’s attempt at attacking. Slowly walking over to the wolves, the old magician murmured a set of unknown spell words into their ears. As if domesticating a dog, the four wolves obediently lay down onto the snow and made a ‘woo woo’ sound as the old magician rubbed his hand against their back furs.

Then, with a smile, the old sorcerer said: “Well then, with four people, we can have one wolf for each of us. This will be better than walking with our legs through this forsaken place.”

Ride… A… Wolf?

And an Ice Demon Wolf at that

Du Wei didn’t know whether to sigh or feel appreciative of how this played out.

“Come here, little kid.” The old magician said this with a very nice looking smile: “You’re the smallest and the lightest here…… So, you ride it.” With that said, one of the gray furred demon wolves suddenly stood up and eyed the oncoming Du Wei. As if sensing his fear, all of the animal’s fur stood straight up as it lets out an intimidating growl.

“Are you sure I should ride it?” Seeing the demon wolf, Du Wei questioned himself that if he were to take another step closer, this beast would definitely open its jaw and swallow him whole.

“Come here! Do not be afraid!” The old magician beckoned Du Wei to come while clinging to the Wolf’s head. Forcing it to lower its head down, he muttered a few words in a low voice besides its ears to get it to quiet down. Seeing this, Du Wei meekly walked over to the old magician’s side.

Though ice demon wolves are only intermediate leveled magical beasts, their heights can’t be considered very tall, but it is still double of that of an ordinary wolf. As the demon wolf meekly laid there in front of Du Wei, he reached out his hand to touch the back of the ice demon wolf under the guidance of the old magician. Instead of resisting Du Wei’s advance, the wolf lowered its head and quietly lets out a ‘hmmmhmm’ sound a few times.

“Good, it likes you.” The old magician smiled, “Now, get on it. You don’t need to panic; I’ll control it as we go.”

Before even entering the frozen forest with the old magician, Du Wei was already showing admiration towards the old magician’s ability to communicate with animals. Looking back to the time of the snow hounds, the old magician was able to manipulate the dogs easily with his will. Even the well-educated Du Wei had no way of identifying what kind of magic the old Gramps used to communicate with the animals.

Both Hussein and Medusa didn’t need the help of the old magician. With his huge Dou Qi (energy) pressure, Hussein easily suppressed the demonic wolf under him. Seeing the discontent his demon wolf had as it lets out a small cry; Hussein flicked one of his fingers on the wolf’s forehead, causing it to franticly jump up and down in pain.

As for Medusa, she was even more terrifying. High leveled magical beasts are inherently capable of calling forth lower leveled beasts. Acting as docile as it could be, her wolf lowered its head in silence as it sat in the snow awaiting Medusa to walk over and climb on top.

However, Medusa coincidentally took an extra glance at the old magician. Even though her eyes are still shut tight, it was clear from her face that she came across something unexpected.

“Your ability to communicate with other creatures is very good.” Medusa spoke in a gentle voice: “It’s been a long time since I’ve seen a pure bred Dru….”

Speaking up to here, Medusa suddenly smiled and kept her mouth shut.

The old magician nodded in gratitude at her, then coughed loudly: “All right, let’s be on our way!”

It was at this moment, a sharp cry came from behind the Canyon: “Your Majesty! My Queen! Wait for me!!”

Then a gray ball of flesh came rushing out from the Canyon entrance. This person was none other than the mouse prime minister, Gargamel.

No longer wearing the ridiculous looking robe of the prime minister, his grayish colored fur was now donning a leather jacket made out from some unknown animal. On top of his head, he wore a funny looking hat and burdened on his back, there was a small baggage. As he came up to everyone, he dashed up to Medusa and started crying: “Your majesty! You can’t just leave poor Gargamel behind! If you leave, how am I supposed to live here alone! You know, I’m a mouse; I can’t go back to the human world…. As for this place, it belongs to the Treant’s tribe…. I….”

Although Medusa is a magical beast and not a human, Gargamel did after all spend 20 years with her and taught her much knowledge regarding humans. Now hearing Gargamel begging, Medusa couldn’t help but give out a slight sigh as she thought for a moment: “Very well, you can follow us then.”

Gargamel was exalted at this news. Even before this, he already had the motive of clinging along with Medusa. His baggage was already stuffed with everything he wanted to bring along for this journey. As for the mice people left behind in the Canyon, they will just have to fend for themselves!

Now that he has gained their agreement, Gargamel immediately wiped away the tears in his eyes. Even then, he still looked somewhat puzzled at the scene in front of him.

A total of four demon wolves.

His stature is very small and he doesn’t weigh very much, so even if he were to ride along with someone else, it wouldn’t be a problem….. But looking at the inhuman beauty of Queen Medusa, coupled with years of accumulated respect, how could Gargamel possibly dare to ride with her?

As for the cold faced knight that would randomly aim his sword at his neck, Gargamel feared that his own head would be a goner if he were to choose such a person!

As for the strange old magician…… You know what, forget it.

After a long time of picking, Du Wei still seemed to be the best choice. Gargamel masked the most sincere smile on his face and walked over to where Du Wei was located. Seeing the smiling Gargamel standing in front of him, Du Wei understood his meaning. Letting out a sigh, Du Wei said: “Very well, you can get on, but…… You should be able to shrink a bit more, right?”

Gargamel hurriedly nodded. Although he is stuck in the form of a mouse because of the fountain of youth, but changing his size and shape a bit is still within his capabilities despite losing 90% of his powers due to the water.

As Gargamel shook his body several times, he simultaneously chanted a few spells from his mouth. With this, his body immediately shrank to the size of a regular mouse. Despite shrinking his body size, his shape was still fat like a meatball. The only change is that Gargamel was much more pleasing to Du Wei’s eyes. Thinking back on his previous life, Du Wei could somewhat compare this mouse to a famous anime movie featuring a character called ‘Totoro’.

Du Wei scooped him up with his hand and put Gargamel’s baggage behind him. Afterwards, Du Wei opened his chest pocket and slid the mouse into it. As he does this, he warned: “You better be careful not to move around, if you dare to get into my clothes and move around my body, I’ll roast you!”

With a loud shout from the old magician, the four demon wolves immediately dashed forward and ran furiously through the snow!

In the boundless snowy forests, the four powerful demon wolves left behind a clear trail in the snow. Despite their carelessness, the snowflakes falling from the sky quickly removed any trace of their presence.

Comparing the movement speed of these demon wolves to ordinary horses, their movement speed is several times faster! On top of this, demon wolves are naturally more agile, capable of jumping up and down through the woods and dodging any branches that blocks their path.

The only demerit for these wolves and their way of traveling is that they are several times more uncomfortable than horses. The speed of their travel may be faster, but their level of bumpiness is enough to shatter Du Wei’s body.

Luckily during their rest at night, Du Wei is able to stretch his body and perform several sets of the movement routine. (Star Dou Qi routine) Only thanks to this, was he able to overcome this level of burden.

During Du Wei’s practice session, the old magician was observing him. Then after he was done, the old magician sighed and asked: “This set of movement routines was taught to you by Hussein, right?”

Du Wei didn’t bother making an excuse and directly admitted it. The old magician had a somewhat complicated looking expression as soon as he heard Du Wei’s answer. After staring at Du Wei for a long time, he sighed and walked away while muttering something to himself.

“Destined…… Everything is destined. I taught him the first set, and then Hussein teaches him the second set….. All these coincidences are all predestined.”

For four days, they continued to ride through the forest in this fashion. During the day, they would run without rest and during the night, they would rest. Naturally, these demon wolves are much stronger than ordinary wolves, but even so, there is a limit to their endurance. After four days of running without rest, the four demon wolves started showing signs of exhaustion. Seeing the apathetic looks on them, the old magician decided to let them go on the fifth day. Without waiting, he took out the whistle again and blew into it.

After blowing into the whistle, what came to them were not demon wolves, but the sound of rustling movement. From the snowy ground in front of them, a giant spider the size of a bed came out of a big giant hole!

Seeing the giant spider standing in from of him, Du Wei could see it gently shaking its body to remove the ice and snow clinging to its yellowish colored fur on its eight limbs. As he looked closer, he could see rings of black striped patterns on the spider’s belly. And for its face…. Du Wei could only force himself to have one look before turning away.

This giant spider actually had a face like that of a human, but just somewhat distorted! Some features on the face were dislocated and when the spider opened its mouth, what came out are two giant pincers instead of teethes.

The old magicians jumped on top of the spider like it was normal, and then closing his eyes, he pressed his hand against the spider’s head.

A moment later, he gently wiped away his sweat and smiled at everyone: “Okay, get on…. Come on, get up.”

Inside Du Wei’s chest pocket, Gargamel was shivering so much from fear that his teethes was making a chattering noise: “Evil Faced Spider Queen! My god! This is an “Evil Faced Spider Queen!”

Evil Faced Spider Queen?

Du Wei frowned and couldn’t stop his body from getting goose bumps!

Along his travels, Du Wei has already learned quite a lot regarding the different kinds of magical beasts. While traveling with the Snow Wolf mercenary group, Beinlich (leader) mentioned a few species of high leveled magical beasts. Among the list was the Evil Faced Spider Queen.

This thing is a horrible and sickening creature… Such words are an accurate description of this spider. Their specie is naturally prone to live underground in the ice and snow. Whenever the male mates with the female, the female gender would feed on the male…. So, the ones that manage to grow into such sizes are always the female gender. This is where their name ‘Evil Faced Spider Queen’ came from.

By living underground in the snow and ice, these magical creatures are capable of tearing through the ice that is as hard as metal. Their physical appearance is covered in a thick layer of hard shell! If you want to understand how hard it is…. Historic documents recorded an event where several fifth leveled warriors attacked this being in a barrage of slashes. The result of this endeavor was that the spider withstood their attempt and not even a scratch could be seen on its shell.

On top of this, they also have the natural ability of the spider race and that is spinning webs!

The spider silk of this magical beast is extra tough, even when constantly hacked away with a sword, it would not break apart. Stronger than steel chains, the silk also has another characteristic and that is the ability to dissolve away any material with its acidic properties! Once a prey is entangled in the web of the spider queen, the venom would immediately enter the body and the prey’s innards would be quickly dissolved!

This isn’t everything in the spider’s arsenal. Their specie also has another weapon and that is to spread a venomous fog!

This ability is just like a charged up version of weakening magic. Once the spider faces an enemy, they can diffuse the venomous fog and causes the enemy to weaken several times. Whether they have strong magical abilities, or unparalleled martial skills, all will be weakened a lot by this venomous fog! Not only is the fog capable of weakening the enemy, it also has a strong invasive characteristic….. Even if you were to hold your breath, the venom would invade into your body through your skin and pores.

The most disgusting point of this creature is its eating habits.

When a prey is captured, they would not immediately kill their food. Instead, they would paralyze the prey with its venom, keeping it alive during the spider’s feasting….. It would neither bite nor eat the unlucky beast; instead, the spider queen would pierce into the prey’s flesh with a straw like appendage from its mouth. By doing this, it would allow the spider to suck up the fluid inside the prey while it was still alive!

It does not only suck up the blood, but also the brain and bone marrow, or any form of liquid within its prey! (Now I wonder does it suck up the piss and poop too?)

The more terrifying point was that through all of this, the prey is fully aware of what was happening. As the prey watches on from being paralyzed by the venom, it is still fully conscious and awake. Slowly watching its life being drained away by a monster is one excruciating experience!

Moreover, this monster spider is the kind of creature to ‘store’ away its prey. If they are unable to finish their prey in one sitting and only manages half…. Half! After draining a large portion of its prey’s bodily fluid, it would keep it alive by wrapping it inside a cocoon of silk to store away for later consumption… Even if the prey is stored away for a period of time, the animal inside would still be alive! (This is a gross way to feed, but real life spiders does this anyways)

Unable to fathom where the old magician managed to get such a high leveled monster, but it was clear that this spider is not as easy to control as the demon wolves from before.

From Du Wei’s somewhat dazed attitude, the old magician looked at him and smiled: “What’s the matter kid? You’re not afraid of it now are you? Don’t worry, this guy is very compliant, so come on up.”

Du Wei endured the nauseating feeling inside and climbed up the spider’s back. As he sat on top of the spiders back, the prickling feeling of the yellowish hair on the spider’s body was causing him to feel even more disgusted and nauseating. Unable to settle down, Du Wei puts on a wry smile and asked: “I say, next time could you not call forth such a disgusting being? Couldn’t you just summon another four demon wolf?”

“Demon Wolf?” The old magician smiled: “Son, look around! This place is already the northern most part of the frozen forest! Anything capable of surviving around here is all monsters and to be able to find such a big guy like him is already considered very lucky.”

Hussein said nothing and sat beside Du Wei, while Medusa hesitated a bit before sitting down…… It would seem snakes don’t have a liking towards spiders either.

Gargamel was still shivering inside Du Wei’s chest pocket and this action somehow caused him to break out into a shiver too: “What means did this old Gramps used to bend all these monsters to his will….”

Even before Du Wei could finish his thought, a familiar voice suddenly echoed in his heart: “You don’t know? I can’t believe you can’t guess it.”

“Courtenay Semel?” Du Wei almost shouted these words!

After so many days of absence, there was finally a reaction!

Courtenay Semel relies on Du Wei’s spirit to survive. Even without voice dialogue, Semel’s meaning and words would echo inside Du Wei’s mind.

“Such a waste of all those books and you actually dare to claim to be the most knowledgeable and educated of the Rowling household. Why do you always assume it was magic, couldn’t you think outside the box? I’m telling you now; this is a biological manipulation skill, not magic at all, and this skill is famous across the lands… Could you guess what it is?”

Biological manipulation…… Manipulating creatures……

Du Wei’s eyes suddenly lit up!

That’s right… This is not some sort of magic!

But rather……

Du Wei stole a glance at the old magician, suddenly remembering the word that Medusa almost spilled out the other day!

Dru….

Dru what?

Druid!!

Only the amazing Druid race has the innate natural ability to communicate with all living creatures!

However, in the historical literatures read by Du Wei, the Druid name has long since faded into history. This amazing race has long since gone extinct a very long time ago.

But there are no absolutes in life.

Thinking up to this point, Du Wei suddenly laughed: “Hey, old Gramps… I suddenly thought of something. You are a Druid, right? I had no idea you are a Druid! Hasn’t the Druid race gone extinct already?”

There was no surprise on the old magician’s face as he listened to this. Instead, his face was cold as he glanced back at Du Wei and whispered: “You guessed? Humph, it was Semel that told you right? Otherwise, how could a kid like you possibly guess it? I’m willing to bet that you don’t even know what a Druid really is. Except you, everyone here already knew what I was!”

Sure enough, Medusa already recognized this fact a few days earlier. As for Hussein, his face was as calm as ever, clearly indicating that he knew this long before.

The only one to realize now is probably Du Wei…. Well, maybe not if you include the mouse in his chest pocket.

The old magician’s eyes suddenly lit up with some sort of excitement on his face: “Semel communicated with you? Could you ask her to come out…… Oh, why is she refusing to see me?”

Du Wei has been thinking about the relationship between the old magician and Semel. Asking in his heart, Semel gave out a somewhat confused answer: “I don’t know who this person is… I shouldn’t know him… But I don’t know why my heart is having a negative feeling towards him, as if not wanting to get anywhere near this person!”

Du Wei shrugged his shoulders, not saying a word. Seeing this, the old magician guessed the answer from Du Wei’s face. Letting out a sigh, the old magician said: “Very well… It’s not surprising if she doesn’t want to see me. I just wanted her to come out to have a look at this place. Years ago, both of us came to this place together!”

As soon as the voice fell, Du Wei suddenly felt a chill from behind him and Semel’s hand is already on his shoulder. Taking a look over his shoulder, he could already see Semel materializing behind his back. Her silver colored hair seemed even more elegant when matched with the ice and snow of the surrounding terrain. With bare feet and a red dress, her body was floating in midair as she looked into the distance.

Seeing Semel, the old magician lets out an excited expression as he takes in a deep breath: “You…… You are finally willing to reveal yourself!”

“I don’t know you.” Semel looked into the distance; her faced looked like it was at a loss as she shook her head: “I’m not the Semel that you know. Furthermore, I have never been here before….. But, why does this place seem so familiar inside my heart and this feeling is growing more intense as time passes.”

Hussein snorted, holding his sword with his eyes shut. While Medusa said nothing, but she was frowning with her head facing the direction of where Semel stood. (Though ordinary people cannot see Semel, but Medusa didn’t need to see because her eyes were always shut. From her actions, it was obvious she could sense someone was there.)

“While this kid says you aren’t Semel, but a magical creature….. Yet, I have a feeling this is not necessarily true.” The old magician profoundly stared at Semel: “You have a familiar feeling towards this place…. Really? What does it feel like?”

Semel’s beautiful face suddenly leaked out a hateful feeling. Her hateful feeling flashed across her eyes as she shouted: “I have no idea! But I only know that by standing here, I suddenly hate you! My heart suddenly hates you to the limit…. I can’t help but want to kill you!”

With that said, she raised her slender fingers aiming at the handsome face of the old magician. Now the once handsome face of the old magician is covered in a layer of frost and her fingers still had flashes of cold electricity zapping out!

“HA HA HA HA HA HA!!” The old magician lets out a burst of laughter, then looked the Semel’s fingertips: “You see! Look at your own fingers! Can you still say you are just a magical creature? It would be impossible for a magical creature to use magic! Look at your own fingers! What is it! Isn’t that the Stars Magic!!?”

Semel was awestruck as she looked down at her own fingers. Lost for words, her eyes showed confusion as her body quivered: “I…… What’s going on…… Me, how can I use magic?”

Du Wei sighed

Use magic? Along the way, this woman has used magic more than once or twice already and the last time, she and Hussein were about to commit mutual suicide in their fight. The reason she can’t remember was because the first two times, her consciousness wasn’t awake, but now, she is wide awake. (Semel has dual personalities)

“Semel……” The old magician’s voice was soft and gentle as he whispered: “I don’t know exactly what happened to you, but I’m sure I could figure it out, so let me help you remember, okay?”

“No!” Semel’s attitude suddenly changed: “I do not want to recover whatever memories! I’m not the Astrology teacher Courtenay Semel that you speak of! I am what I am, I am a magical creature! Old Gramps! Don’t bother me!”

With that said, Semel was gone with a wave of her hand.

Du Wei and everyone else fell silent, all had a weird look on their face.

The only exception was Gargamel inside Du Wei’s pocket. Suddenly popping his mouse head out of the pocket, he asked in a curious voice: “What did you just say? Who did you speak with? Courtenay Semel? How come I can’t see?”

But it seems that no one will care about the curiosity of the mouse Prime Minister. Du Wei carelessly stuffed the mouse back into the pocket and looked at the old magician: “I say, what other things you not told us yet, old Gramps?”

“When you need to know, I’ll let you know.” The old magician’s face seemed somber and even somewhat painful in his eyes.

“So, what about Semel? She is now linked together with my spirit! I don’t care if she is truly Semel, or a magical creature. I think I need to know something more about her.”

“Fine.” The old magicians thought for a moment.

His eyes seemed painful and his gaunt face looks like it was ten years older as he sat on the spiders back.

“Courtenay Semel……” The old magician spoke in a low voice: “I knew her a long, long time ago….. Yes, that was more than two hundred years ago. At the time, she was an infamous astrology teacher in the capital.”

“And then what?”

The old magician suddenly smiled, his laughter went from low to high as he looked at Du Wei’s eyes weirdly: “Boy, you are such a clever man, could you not have guessed?”

He gently patted his own mage robe and laughed coldly: “Semel was merely an astrology master without a hint of magic…. Then suddenly, she was able to perceive the secret of ‘Star Magic’! Do you not wonder why? Humph, you have already learned a bit of the Stars Dou Qi. When you hear the name of Stars Magic, don’t you find it strange? Could it be that you don’t even have a hint of questioning?”

“It was because I thought of this, so that is why I need to find you for proof.” Du Wei said this coldly.

“Courtenay Semel…… She was a simple woman, a genius addicted to astrology. A person bent on spreading the knowledge of astrology. Then she suddenly developed the Star Magic…. In fact….” The old magician pointed to his own nose: “In fact, the truth is very simple! She, like me, is also an inheritor of Aragon’s will! We were supposed to be partners, but later on….. We became enemies!”

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 92




Chapter 92 “Origin”

The old magician spoke with a deep voice and eyes staring far into the distance. “Courtenay Semel has always been a genius.” As the cold wind blew against the old magician’s beard, a spark of light flashed in his eyes at the mention of the topic…..

“The first time I met Courtenay Semel was at the celebration of the yearly blessing ceremony. Every person with status would attend the ceremony at the invitation of the Emperor and the Pope. During the ritual, these two leading figures would pray to God, asking for the blessing and prosperity of the Roland Empire. It was on that fateful year, I first laid eyes on Courtenay Semel. At the time, she was only turning 20 years old, but she was already recognized as a highly gifted Astrology teacher. And the previous year, she was even invited by his Majesty to become the Palace’s Astrology master.

At that time, I have already inherited Aragon’s magic and my position within the Magician’s Association was very high up in the ladder. No one would have guessed this, but an elder of the magician’s association was the sworn enemy of the Temple of Light. Half the time, I was practicing the knowledge left behind by Aragon; the other half is spent looking for a future heir to Aragon’s magic. Due to the difficulty of Aragon’s magic, by that time, I was already nearing 50 years of age. In order to pass on Aragon’s will and knowledge, I must find more successors and spread the seeds in this world. Otherwise, if I were to be exposed one day, or pass away, then everything would be over.

In the end, the person I selected is Courtenay Semel.

I learned in many ways that she is naturally a genius. I’ve quietly gotten closer to her and tested her a few times on her magical talents. The results were very pleasing and good. Most importantly, her family background was very simple and clean, or you can even say it was a blank sheet of paper.

The profession of an Astrology teacher has always been respected by the mass, but that was all there is to it. Not many people of the empire would go to great lengths and effort to gain the help of an Astrology teacher. On top of that, the temple also didn’t pay much attention to this group. Combining all of these factors together, she was the perfect candidate.

Finally, I went to meet her and befriended Semel. After teaching her some magic… Did you know at the time, Semel already had many interesting hypotheses regarding astrology? The only thing keeping her ideas back was the fact that her theories would be considered whimsical in the minds of others… Ha Ha, it just so happens that my ideas matched with hers, so the both of us had a very good relationship and the days we spent together were very joyful. Finally, inspired by my proposal, she brought forth a new idea: “Why can’t the powers of the stars become a source for a new kind of magical power?”

Listening up to this point, Du Wei sighed.

So that’s it. The suggestion made by Semel to use the powers of the stars in magic… was inspired by this old magician.

In order to satisfy her desire to study, I accompanied her across the continent in order to search for precious materials. For example, we would travel to locations recorded in historic documents where a star has fallen from the sky. Carefully examining the area, we finally found a few shards of the precious stone left behind by the fallen star.

“The several years I spent traveling with her across the continent was the happiest years of my life. Semel was a smart and savvy woman. Together with her, each day of my life was refreshing!”

The old magician’s voice showed great affection…. Perhaps even he himself didn’t notice this.

“And then what?” Du Wei whispered.

“And then…… One step at a time, we improved upon Semel’s idea. Finally, we created the so called Stars Magic.” There was a hint of self-mockery in the old magician’s voice: “In fact, everything was me deceiving her. The so called ‘creation’, was in many details, I, consciously implying her towards certain results. I took advantage of our meetings and during her studies; I slowly imparted certain key points of Aragon’s magic into her. You may not know, but his Majesty Aragon’s magic is different in many ways compared to the magic system used commonly across the continent. This is all because its source could be traced back to the lineage of the devils. With all these inspirations, Semel finally made a breakthrough and came up with the so called ‘Stars Magic’…… Oh, the naming was also named by me because her so called ‘creation’ of a new magic system was actually the exact copy of Aragon’s magic system. So, I didn’t even change the name and just directly named it Stars Magic. Stars Dou Qi, plus Stars Magic, all of these originated from Aragon. Luckily, Semel never heard of these names before and thought it was very fitting, so she accepted the names.”

Speaking up to this point, the old magician paused for a moment. With a smile on his face and gentle eyes, the old magician’s consciousness looked like it was sinking back into some happy and fond memories……

“At that time…… We got along very well. She is my good friend, but at the same time, she was like my disciple. Together with her, I also felt like I became somewhat younger.” The old magician then shook his head and closed his eyes: “But later on, I started thinking that I would eventually have to tell her everything….. Revealing all the secrets of Aragon to her because she is the one I chose to be my suitable heir.

“Did you tell her?” Du Wei asked.

“I… Was… Very hesitant.” From the old magician’s complexion, he looked like he was struggling to speak: “She was so happy…… So simple. She liked simple things and liked living a free life in peace…… I felt regretful. Pulling such a carefree and happy woman into this complex and historical grievance is a complete sin. So, I’ve been delaying in telling her. That is until…. We returned to the Imperial Capital……”

As if struck by an idea, Du Wei thought of something.

“After traveling for three years outside of the capital, we returned that year when a shooting star passed by the Imperial Capital’s sky. This strange phenomenon caused his Majesty to call forth the best Astrologer in the empire to give a divination. It was after the palace banquet that Semel met your ancestor, Zach. Humph, this boy is your great-great-grandfather, Zach Rowling. During that time, he was the youngest high commanding general of his age.”

“And then what?” Du Wei gave a wry smile.

“Then?” The gaze from the old magician caused Du Wei to feel a sense of chill down his spine. With a sneer, he continued: “Then I don’t know what means your great-great-grandfather used, but he managed to deceive Semel and the two couples fell in love!”

It is clear from the old magician’s gaze; there is a strong mixture of jealousy and resentment!

What else can be certain is that other than the feeling of friendship and apprentice relationship, the old magician developed a special sort of feeling in his heart!

What happened afterwards is easy to explain:

Seeing his talented female apprentice fall in love and marry off to the head of the noble Rowling family, Zach Rowling, highest military commander of the Empire. On one hand, the old fellow couldn’t just tolerate his beloved woman falling into another man’s arm. On the other hand, he is about to lose his future heir after spending the past few years cultivating. Wouldn’t this mean that he ended up wasting all those times?

So, just before Semel married Zach, the old magician searched her out and had a deep conversation.

The old magician didn’t explain the details of the conversation, but from his words and phrases so far, Du Wei could deduce two conclusions.

Firstly, the old magician must have confessed his love towards his beloved friend and unofficial genius disciple. What can be certain from this action is that Semel refused him. The truth was that Semel never considered this much older person to be a possible love candidate. (According to their age calculation, the gap is far too big) Her way of thinking was very simple; he was a good friend and played the role of a teacher in her heart.

Mainly because of this reason, it caused the old magician great sadness.

Unfortunately, once their conversation reached this point, the strong willed Semel also rejected all of this!Then, the saddened old magician finally revealed his original purpose of cultivating her and all the secrets surrounding Aragon.

“Her tone at the time was so similar to you, boy.” With a gaunt expression, the old magician whispered, “Still remember two days ago when we had that talk? You said ‘you are not a powerful expert of the continent, nor a Saint Knight, nor a magician, so what does all of this have to do with me?!’ At the time, Semel said something very similar.

At that time, Semel was also very keen to put forward her own rage and anger.

“Whatever Aragon, god, or Devil…… What relationship does all of this have to do with me? If the Gods and the Devils want to fight it out, then let them fight! It don’t matter whether it is the Temple or Imperial power, I don’t have any interest! I just want to live my own life! What right do they have to burden me with these already rotting and foul smelling historical problems? I’m not willing! I will not be a part of this rivalry! I just want to live my life, the life of Semel and not someone else’s life!”

The end result is that the old magician left in sorrow and Courtenay Semel married into the Rowling Household, living a happy life for the next few years.

But a few years later, the old magician once again sought out Semel and secretly met up with her in private.

During those few years after leaving Semel, the old magician traveled in search of different hidden documents. In his search, the old fella even sneaked into the royal palace in order to search through the manuscripts left by the founding emperor himself. Even bolder, he dared to break into the Holy Temple multiple times!!

Finally, from a variety of information gathered, the old magician pieced together a startling message. The startling message required a powerful partner to complete, so in his desperation, the old magician sought out Semel once again.

Although they haven’t seen each other for many years, Semel reluctantly agreed to lend a hand based solely on their years of friendship.

However, because of this one time, trouble soon followed.



If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.





* * *





Chapter 95




Chapter 95 “Mountain”

Holy Mountain?

The Dragon clan?

Guard?

The barrier stopping the human world and the other worlds from crossing?

He was full of questions, but the old magician has already gone ahead and stepped in front of the group.

This time, he pulled out a large piece of fabric from his miraculous pouch. Just from looking at how tattered it was, there was no way to know for certain what material it was made from, but it did seem to resemble a flag.

Holding the flag up into the air, the old magician stepped into the forefront of the group.

They continued to walk around in the snow like this for a while, and very soon, the group of dragons hovering atop of the Holy Mountain became aware of the intruders closing in on them.

After a series of conversation in the dragon’s language, a group of the black dots in the sky started leaving the mountain and headed towards them.

As the black dots closed in on them, their shape became even clearer!

They really are dragons!

Du Wei had seen dragons before and it wasn’t even that long ago. But from his initial observation, it was clear that this group of dragons is very different from the two pet dragons kept by Vivian and Joanna. These dragons are much more massive in comparison!!

The group heading towards them contained a total of ten dragons in their mix. From heads to tails, their body was completely black and the length of their body could easily reach ten meters, but if you were to also include the tail; their length could easily reach 20 meters. This must be the so called “Dragons Prestige” because the pressure they were giving off only increased as they drew closer.

The extended wings on their back seemed to be able to cover the entire sky as they drew closer and each flap of their wings caused enough wind force to create giant bursts of wind in the air. This situation was just like standing beneath a helicopter in Du Wei’s past life because even the simple effort of keeping his eyes open became a laborious task.

Ten dragons have already flown over to their location, while the rest of the dragons that was left behind continued to hover in the sky atop of the mountain. As if to support their comrades, the dragons were letting out threatening ROARS the entire time. Suspended in midair, the biggest dragon in their mix lowered its body to gaze down at the intruders with its commanding and terrifying eyes.

Raising the flag in his hand, the old magician cried out: “Oh great respected dragon clan! We are friends from the human world! The thing in my hand is a contract signed by the dragon clan with a human! We are here to seek an audience with the great dragon chieftain!”

Bang!!

After a tremendous Shockwave, the largest dragon has already landed in front of the group. Due to its massive size and weight, several cracks have appeared in the ground below its body. Folding its wings away, the dragon gave a cold look towards the old magician, and then shifted its focus towards the flag in his hand.

“Human!” This gigantic creature was speaking the human tongue: “Humans are not allowed to be here!”

Its voice was tremendous, shocking Du Wei to the point of causing dizziness. On top of that, its mouth was sending out a horrible and indescribable smell…..

Oh heavens, such a gigantic foul breathed dragon!

“We know that.” The old magician’s expression didn’t change: “But according to the contract in my hand, the holder of this contract is allowed to come here and retrieve the things stored away in the Holy Mountain!”

On the flag, symbols were scrawled onto it as if someone was in a hurry. But after a moment of observation, the massive black dragon finally nodded in approval: “Alright, the writing is indeed the language of the dragons. You can pass! But do not cross over the mountain and head into the north!”

With that said, its huge head drew closer to the group and even its nostrils were brushing against them as it sniffed each individual. Once finished, its head shrank back as it gave out a sigh: “Humans…. Hateful humans, I’m going to inform the dragon elder that humans have arrived…..”

Lifting its massive body up into the air, the huge dragon uttered out two long laughs before taking the group of dragons back with it towards the mountain.

Finally relieved at the final outcome, the old magician carefully put the flag away.

“What is this, a contract?” Du Wei asked.

“Yes, a contract.” The old magician said this with a smile: “This is a contract signed by both the Dragon clans Chieftain and Aragon himself. The Holy Mountain in front of us is where Aragon stored his legacy. On the whole continent, what other place is more secure than the lands of the Dragon clan?”

Upon reaching the foot of the mountain, the feeling they were getting felt completely different than before. The mountain was exceptionally strange, with huge black rocks extruding a metallic sheen and carrying a frosty cold around it. Among the flat surrounding lands, this mountain was the only thing standing out as if piercing straight out of the ground and reaching all the way into the sky. And circling atop of the mountain is a couple of dragons constantly letting out booming roars, causing anyone unlucky enough to listen to it to become befuddled at the sound.

“What is north of the Holy Mountain?” Du Wei was very curious. This barrier leading the human world to the outside world… What is there in the outside world?

“You are curious?” The old magician turned around and looked at Du Wei: “You will know soon, but it’s for the best not to ask this question now because it would enrage those big things in the sky.”

Climbing the Holy Mountains was a serious test for Du Wei’s physical body.

Because the mountain is simply too high!

There are no stairs leading to the top of the mountain, but fortunately, there is a winding mountain road circling around the side. Even though you can call it a road, the width is not very wide, only capable of allowing three people to travel on it at the same time. Facing one side of the road is the wall of the mountain, and the other side is the steep cliff leading to the bottom of the mountain!

The mountain road they were trudging up was completely bare, only filled with dark black rocks. And the entire time they were walking, they could constantly hear the roaring voice of dragons from above their heads. Letting out a sigh, Du Wei spoke: “If anyone lived in this place, they would most definitely get nightmares every night!”

The old magician walking in the front gave the huffing and wheezing Du Wei a glance, and then suddenly smiled as he spoke: “You’re wrong, there was once a person that stayed here for a long period of time and that person was Aragon! His majesty came to the Holy Mountain and stayed here for a full year before leaving!”

Du Wei frowned: “For a year?”

“Do you see the mountain road below your feet?” The old magician sneered: “Can you see the oddity of this mountain? Touch and feel the side of the mountain wall. It’s neither stone, nor soil…. Can you tell what this mountain is made of?”

Du Wei touched the mountain walls and felt it was cold to the touch. Then drawing his face closer, he sniffed the mountain wall to see if there is any scent: “This smell…..”

“Like iron.” Hussein cut in. Using his sword, he pounded it against the wall of the mountain and a buzzing sound echoed off the impact. Then, using one of his fingers, he flicked it against the mountain wall, causing a deep echoing sound to vibrate back towards everyone. After confirming this, the knight spoke with a solemn face: “This is a mountain of metal and the purity is extremely high!”

“According to the legends that I know of, this is a mountain completely made out of metal.” Turning his head towards Du Wei, the old magician looked like he had a shortness of breath as he spoke: “When this place was first created, it was just a mountain but the appearance was not like this.”

“Then what did it look like?”

“In the past, this was only a mountain when Aragon passed through the ‘frozen forest’, the ‘forgotten ice field’, and finally reached this Holy Mountain by himself…. So how can there be a winding road on this mountain! Don’t you find it strange? The residences of this place are dragons, so why would they require a road for people to walk on?”

Du Wei was indeed puzzled. Such a narrow winding road is obviously of no use to dragons…… They can fly, so why would they need a road for? And the road is so narrow; the dragons can’t possibly use it with their massive body.

“In the past when Aragon came here, he used his tyrannical power against the whole dragon clan. Despite being outnumbered, none could defeat Aragon.” The old magician was so engrossed in the content of the legend; a trace of pride could be heard from his voice: “Therefore, the dragon clan was unable to do anything to him. Seeing the dragon clan’s resignation, Aragon made a request, asking them to do him a favor. At first, the proud dragons refused, but none of the clan members could defeat Aragon. In the end, both sides decided to set up a wager.”

Wager?”

“It is the contract that I was holding earlier.” The old magician smiled: “The dragon clan’s most powerful warriors and chieftain lost to Aragon in a duel, thus, they presented him with a challenge. If Aragon could somehow succeed in climbing to the top of the mountain, they would be willing to help him, but there were other conditions involved. First, he cannot fly. Second, he can only walk with his feet!”

“What kind of condition is this?!” Du Wei frowned.

“So the original Holy Mountain was not like this in appearance. The Holy Mountain at the time was like a towering peak without any gaps in between its cliffs! The smoothness would leave little to no room for someone to gain a foothold!”

“But it is not too difficult.” Du Wei said: “With Aragon’s tyrannical powers, it shouldn’t be too hard even if he climbed the mountain bare handed.”

“More than that…… According to the contract, the dragon tribe is allowed to interfere from the sidelines. If he really did climb the mountain bare handed, do you think he would have succeeded while receiving attacks from an endless supply of dragons?” The old magician smiled: “Finally, Aragon came up with this dumb idea. Even though this idea was dumb, but it was able to impress every member of the dragon clan. Since then, the dragon clan obediently followed through on their promise and completed the task left behind for them.”

Speaking up this point, the old magician pointed at the mountain under his feet: “Using his King’s sword, Aragon relied on his supreme power and started from the foot of the mountain and opened up a road leading to the top of the mountain. By spending a year’s worth of time, Aragon was able to single handedly carve out a road to the top!”

“…………”

Du Wei was speechless. His heart was so shocked that he had unconsciously reached out with his hands to touch the mountain walls! As he moved his hands across the iron surface, Du Wei could still feel the faint hacking marks left behind by Aragon! Imagining the scene of such a legendary character, one man, one sword, Aragon was able to single handedly carve out a road to the top of the mountain!

Then subduing the entire Dragon Clan!

Such courage!

Such skill!

Hussein didn’t speak, but the knight’s eyes suddenly emitted a strange glow as he looked at the hacking marks left by Aragon. The knight was so absorbed in his thought that it took him a good while before he regained his senses…..





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 96




Chapter 96 “Du Wei’s speculation”

Less than half way up the mountain, Du Wei already felt exhausted. He feared that unless they spend another day or two, they wouldn’t reach the top.

Because flying in this place is a patented right of the dragons, so even Aragon had to rely on his own two feet when he wanted to climb the mountain.

In addition to cold weather in the environment, Du Wei was also tormented by another painful problem.

Sunburn!

This problem seemed very contradictory, but is a real issue.

In his past life, Du Wei often saw TV programs similar to authentic national magazines. In those shows, the expedition team members would often receive sunburns while traveling through the Arctic and Antarctic circles. Most people would often think this is incredible; however, this is the truth in reality!

The ice and snow have been just like a giant spotlight mirror because it was focusing all the gathered UV lights from the sun. And thinking about it, the far north and south had very thin atmospheres, so the harmful rays of the sun are even more likely to penetrate through.

Du Wei felt his body is covered in sunburn. His face, hands, and any exposed skin looked like it had been steamed through with its pink and red coloration. Now, even the slightest touch is enough to give him a severe burning pain. To make matters worse, during the night when the temperature drops, the pain from the blowing wind was like having a knife constantly cutting at his body!

As for his comrades, both Hussein and the old magician seemed to have the same problem, but the two were more tolerant to the pain than he was.

In addition to the sunburns, Du Wei was also suffering from pain in his eyes.

Even during the night, the blue lights reflecting off the snow were very strong and will damage a person’s eye if exposed for a long period of time. In his past life, those that traveled through the Arctic and Antarctic Circle would always wear protection glasses against the reflecting lights. Unfortunately, there isn’t any equipment like that in this world. Left with no choice, Du Wei could only put on the sunglasses left behind by Dadaneier, this way, it would be better than having nothing on.

Among the group, the one that was the least affected by this situation was surprisingly Medusa because her skin was that of a snake. Her delicate skin was still as pale as ever, and since her eyes are always closed, she was completely indifferent to all the changes around them.

The next afternoon, the group was finally able to bypass the winding mountain road and reach the halfway point of the mountain. Using the backside of the mountain as a shield against the sun, Du Wei could finally take a breather and attempt at lighting a fire.

“Let’s take a break for now and continue walking at night.” Du Wei’s was gasping for breath as he spoke. From his appearance, the skin on his face was beginning to peel off and the slightest sensation of the wind blowing would cause him excruciating pain. The only remedy he had was to wrap his face in layers of torn clothing, this way only his eye would be exposed to the environment.

The old magician nodded at his suggestion. Working his magic, the old magician gave birth to a bonfire that ran entirely on magic and not an ounce of wood. This method expended a lot of energy, but without any other option, this was the only way to gain some warmth.

Moving closer to the flames, Du Wei stretched opens his arms to bask the front of his body in warmth….. Then turned around to do the same with his backside.

He had to do this because his body was stiff cold by now.

With his back against the flames, Du Wei sat at the edge of the mountain with only the cliffs in front of him…. Moreover, the direction he was facing is exactly to the north!

North of the Holy Mountain!

As he looked into the distance, he couldn’t help but wonder what was further into the north, so he once again asked: “North of the Holy Mountain, what exactly is there?”

“No one knows for sure.” The old magician shook his head: “But according to legends, the Holy Mountain is the barrier guarding the human world, and continuing north is the place where certain races forsaken by god lived! These races betrayed god, so they were exiled from the Roland continent. It is said that an evil world lies beyond the north. This world is believed to be just like the Roland continent, but the inhabitants are races that believed in the Devil during ancient times, so after the defeat of the devil, they were thrown out of the human world. Left without a place to live, these races headed north and went through the north to another world.”

“Another world.” Hussein frowned: “What could there possibly be? This place is cold enough to freeze a person alive! If it wasn’t us, ordinary people would have long fallen victim to this weather! Further north? I can’t even begin to image how much colder it would get if one were to continue heading north! How could any race live in such horrid conditions?”

The old magician smiled wryly: “That’s why this is the punishment given to them by God…. I don’t really know, but that’s what’s written in the legends.”

“I think that may not necessarily be so.” Du Wei suddenly cries out a laugh, but then quickly closed his mouth in silence after noticing the odd look he was getting from both Hussein and the old magician.

Not necessarily…… Du Wei could not help but give out a sigh in his heart.

The further north you go, the colder?

These people will certainly think so in this world and age.

But who is he? Du Wei’s past is that of someone from a technologically more advanced civilization than this world!

The further north you go, the colder. This saying seems correct from a contextual point of view.

However, once we take into account the geographical location…..

Let’s assume the planet shape of this world and his previous are the same, both are in the shape of a ball.

No, Du Wei was almost certain of this… Assuming the Roland Continent is located on a planet with the shape of a ball. Then, assuming the sun, moon, and even the Big Dipper is all the same! He even suspects this place is a planet in a different space!

In any case, at least he can be certain that this world is a planet! According to the geological location of the Roland Continent: the north is cold and the south is hot.

What did that prove? It proved that the location of the Roland Continent is located on the planets northern hemisphere! Continents in the northern hemisphere would be colder as you head north because you would be closer to the North Pole! But if you head south, it would get hotter because the area is closer to the equator!

This is the simplest explanation.

However, because the ball is round (of course, in this world, we should say “this planet is round”), it will be colder as you will draw closer to the ‘Arctic’. But then, what would happen if you continue going forward once you reached the North Pole?

Scientifically speaking, this shouldn’t be considered north any longer. In fact, once you crossed over the arctic, you are actually heading south!

If that is the case, it will be warmer instead of getting colder!!

This logic is something even a middle school student would understand back in his previous life. Of course, he feared no one in this world would know about this.

So…… In his heart, he kept wondering what kind of world lies beyond the Holy Mountain?

There is no way the weather would be cold, so the possibility of another land mass like that of the Roland Continent is possible!

So, to the North…… No, I should say what is there in “front” of us?

Losing himself in his thoughts, his legs were already dangling off the edge of the cliff and his eyes were staring far into the distance……

North of the Holy Mountain, the land was still a vast sheet of ice, but it wasn’t as flat and vast as its southern counterpart. From the flat land lines visible to the eyes, one could faintly make out the shapes of multiple snowy mountains…. And starting from the foot of the Holy Mountain, there are strangely shaped black rocks protruding out of the ground…..

Within his view, Du Wei suddenly noticed something sticking out at the bottom of the Holy Mountain. Some unknown item with a silvery white color was hanging off a protruding black rock…..

Du Wei is after all a magician, so it was natural that he would have keener senses and longer eye sights than the average person. Struck with a thought, he immediately removed a strip of cloth from his face. Ignoring the fact that it was frozen from the weather, he rolled it up like a cone and peered into the distance….

In accordance with the basic principles of the pinhole, this method allows further sight with the naked eyes. The moment he could make out the true identity of the item hanging off the rock, Du Wei was so shocked that his heart missed a beat!

That’s a pair of bones!

Who knows how many years it’s been there, but the body muscles have long been dried by the ice crystals. Now, the only thing left was the husk of a mummy hanging off the protruding rock. From the shape of its body, the arms were exceptionally long, far longer than that of any humans. As for its legs, it was exceptionally stout, but short at the same time. Looking over the body, there was still armor hanging off its rib cage, but the strangest thing of all was that it was missing a head!

Du Wei looked even further into the distance, only to find even more similar cases like the one he saw. There were other dead bodies, each and every one of them hanging off a protruding rock. Under careful examination, he could see all of these bodies were very different and strange when compared to a human!

The bodies are not human! Some of the leg ratios were far too long, and some only hand three fingers on their hands….. It was like some kind of animal exhibit?

The more he looked, the more he frowned. Finally, after carefully looking around, he noticed two bones with similar shapes to that of a human…. These may have similarities to that of humans, but they were far too thin! Even a slender woman may not have such slenderness. Other than only having slimmer bones, the residual body clothing’s and armor were unusually gorgeous…..

The only common thing was that their backs were always facing him! And, without exception, there were no heads!





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.





* * *





Chapter 98




Chapter 98 “The Dragon Patriarch’s hatred”

“Even you can’t?” Du Wei gasped.

“Me?” The old magician smiled: “No. At least in this world, I believe there are only two people that could possibly surpass me in terms of power. The first is his Majesty the Pope, the second is the President of the Magic Union.”

Du Wei did not quite understand the old magician’s meaning, but then he didn’t need to.

With a wry smile, the old magician continues to explain: “The two I just named ‘may’ have the strength equal to that or above me; but the dragon chief is ‘definately’ above me. The reason I know this is because I came here 200 years ago and in that encounter, the dragon chief only needed to use half his powers to not only defeat me, but to nearly take my life. I speculate that if I wasn’t carrying the contract between Aragon and the dragon clan back then, I fear i would have likely perished on that day!”

Just when the old magician finished his words, the voice of the dragon chief had already reached their ears from the deeper part of the cave.

“You’re too modest my friend.”

Walking slowly with a faint smile, the dragon patriarch had already returned with a narrow looking box in his hands: “I would like to correct two errors you made. First, I don’t know about others, but i can tell you your strength is above that of the magic union’s president. Second, the Pope is not ‘maybe’ above you, but is definately above you.”

“And how do you know this?” Du Wei questioned.

“Because I’ve been to the human world…… Transforming into the appearance of a human, I visited your world and learned both your culture and civilization….. The reason i’m doing this is because I’m curious as to how the human world managed to produce such a powerful being like Aragon. For this purpose, I would travel to the human world every one hundred year, but alas, i would always return to my home disappointed. Why you ask? Because it seems that even for the race with the largest population in this world, it could not produce another being up to Aragon’s standard.” The dragon patriarch spoke with a light voice: “Whether it is the president of the magic union or the temple’s Pope, i’ve challenged them all. So my friend, you don’t have to be so modest. I believe within the human world you are definately without a contest, assuming the Pope doesn’t leave the temple of course.”

With that, his tone gradually turned cold as he readily threw the box down to the floor: “Well then, take the key and go! My old friend, you know where the secret chamber is! Open it and take away the things stored inside, then leave my territory! You did get one thing right; I still hate humans, especially that scumbag Aragon!”

With that said, the dragon patriarch snorted and turned around to walk away.

Just when he was making the ‘humph’ sound, Du Wei suddenly heard a piercing sound rush into his ears. As if a invisible hand was mercilessly clutching at his heart, his whole body began to feel terrible like his blood pressure wanted to boil over!

If he had to describe it, it’s like a heavy hammer banging inside!

Du Wei’s expression immediately turned pale white and the view in front of him suddenly went dark as he fainted away! Fortunately, the old magician was quick to react. Pulling Du Wei over, the old man had his palm pressed against Du Wei’s chest. Then with a bright shining light, Du Wei’s breath began to slowly return to normal.

At the same time, our Saint Knight Hussein suddenly had a change in his expression. Both proud and strongwilled, this stubborn guy remained standing as he spat out a mouthful of blood.

With a shocked face, Hussein could only watch the dragon chief’s back slowly disapear from his sight. Clenching his teethes, he asked the old magician: “This….. What is this.”

“This is Draconian magic.” The old magician sighed: “Consider yourself lucky, he already restrained himself.”

“But why is she all right then?” Du Wei pointed towards Medusa that was quietly standing nearby.

“Because this chief only hates humans.” The old magician smiled wryly as he looked over at the angry faced Hussein: “Hussein, don’t even think about challenging the dragon chief with your current strength. Believe me; even if you’re a Saint Knight, there is still a large gap between you two!”

Draconian magic sure is amazing. With only a little spell like this, Du Wei isntantly lost consciousious and was only able to come back with the help of the old magician’s healing spell. As for Hussein, he did in fact suffer some minor injuries and even ended up coughing up a mouthful of blood; however, the greatest injury he recieved today is not on his body, but his pride! If not for the old magician’s clear warning, this proud knight would have already rushed over to challenge the dragon chief.

“It seems the dragon clan’s tolerance is not so good.” Du Wei smiled bitterly: “It is all because Aragon suppressed the dragon clan in the past and caused them to lose face. So by hating Aragon, the dragon chief also ended up hating all of us too?”

The old magician frowned and then whispered, “I told you so before, the chief is a complicated guy. His mouth may say he hates Aragon the most, but it’s not true. From his actions thus far, I can tell the dragon chief carries a strong sense of respect for Aragon, after all, Aragon was the only person to have ever defeated the dragon patriarch. Maybe it’s because of this complex emotion that the dragon chief would always sneak into the human world.”

After these words, the old magician cried out: “Well then, let’s not waste time because finishing our business here is more important! Follow me; we will leave here and go see Aragon’s secret chamber!”

With that said, everyone began to walk out of the Hall while following the old magician. The old guy seems to remember the route very well because after walking through the first passageway, they were faced with numerous forks in the road. Despite the lack of information, he didn’t hesitate for even a second and led the group through numerous left and right turns.

Along the way, Du Wei was surprised by some strange “things” he saw.

Right after passing through the caves main passageway, (To tell the truth, Du Wei wondered if this was in fact actually a mouse cave due to how many twists and turns there were inside.) some strange rocky platforms quickly caught his eyes. Both short and tall, these things were made out of the unique black metals found only in the Holy Mountain. And lunged on top of the metal tips were skulls of all shapes and sizes!!

But what puzzled Du Wei isn’t the fact that there are skulls in this place, it was the fact that these skulls weren’t that of a humans!

Every skull placed on top of these platforms varied in terms of their appearances. While some were wearing helmets of certain peculiar styles, many did not; however, they all had one common similarity: every single skull were screwed down onto the spikey rocks!



It’s not certain how many years had passed since these things were here, but luckily the temperature in the cave were both cold and dry, meaning the skulls did not decay as fast due to the lack of moisture.

If one were to pay closer attention, they may just be able to barely make out the original facial appearance of the deceased!



So to describe the things Du Wei saw: The skulls are three to four times larger than that of the average person. Based on their facial features and shape of their bones, the faces of these skulls before him should have the characteristics of a cat. What’s more, one could even make out the skin textures from the residual dried parts still clinging onto the bone…..It was already quite scary looking at their nearly mummified mouthes, nose, and ears, but what is even more terrifying is how these skulls were skewered to the rocks. From the neck in, the pointed tiped edge would only come out through the centre of the mouth, which made the scene expecially bone numbingly scary to look at!



This desciption is only suitable for that type because there were others. While some had a very long mouth with two nearly unnoticeable holes above it, presumably the nostrils. As for the ears, they were very small…. From the shape alone, it is likely these beings had a similar appearance to that of cattles, such as a horse.

And some skulls even had long jaws like that of a crocodile. Occupying two thirds of the skull, the teethes were distributed on the upper and lower jaw. No matter what, it is not possible for a human to have teeth’s like that.

Seeing the skulls, Du Wei suddenly recalled the vision of those mummies at the bottom of the mountain. Knowing this caused his heart to skip a beat! Not knowing how many years of weathering these skulls had to endure, it was obvious their skins were already dried up. Although there was no evidence of decay, their looks were abnormal. This was especially true for the unclosed eye lids because there were only empty eye sockets……

Of course, there are a few that looked similar to that of a humans. These skulls were slightly smaller and even more slender than a normal human. From the skull size, Du Wei speculated the body size of this race were much smaller and thinner than a ordinary human, however, ‘they’ were the most pleasing to the eyes among all the skulls present. Even though the weather had caused the heads to dry up, the skulls still looked vividly alive. From the contours of their face, their facial features were clearly refined and well-proportioned. Then there were the long pointed ears……

“These are the Elves.” The old magician appropriately reminded him in a low voice: “Those big guys over there are the Orcs.”

“You knew?” Du Wei turned his head to look back at the old magician.

“Yes, these are the exiled races.” The old magician whispered.

The races that were exiled, Du Wei repeated this sentence in his heart as emotions ran high. Walking slowly through the sharp rocks, what welcomed them after coming out of the passageway is a bottomless abyss!

The abyss was located on the hillside of the Holy Mountain and the surrounding area was very narrow. But from where Du Wei was positioned, he could see a very large cave entrance and a protruding rock extending above the abyss, thus forming a large platform.

Below the abyss, there was a faint howling wind that was mixed in with a haunting aura. Listening closely, one could even hear the shrill cries of sadness mixed into the wind. This is enough to send chills into anyone listening!

“This place is the sacrificial altar.” The old magician pointed across the abyss at the protruding rocks: “That thing there is the altar. The dragon clan would deposit the skulls of those they killed around the abyss and lunge them on top of these rocks. Then, once every one hundred years, a sacrificial ceremony would take place. By taking one of the skulls surrounding the abyss, they would then hold a ceremony to throw the skull into the bottomless abyss. Then…. Looking forward to the next century, they will continue killing the powerful experts coming in from the north and repeating this process for eons to come.”

“What meaning is there in doing all of this?” Du Wei was puzzled.

“The mission of the dragons is to guard this place, but this mission was already in place for who knows how many years! Even before the age of Aragon, the dragons were already here! Think about it. On the surface, the saying is to guard, but in fact, isn’t the dragons also being imprisoned by such a mission? Isn’t this mission equal to forever limiting the dragons to this place? What difference is there between this and a prisoner? So, when the dragons received the mission from God, they were not willing. So God gave them a glimmer of hope, a hope to completely rid themselves of such a mission. That hope was a condition.”

“What condition?”

The old magician had a weird look in his eyes as he glanced at the bottomless abyss below his feet. In a whispering voice: “God and the dragons agreed that if one day they were to be able to fill this abyss with enough skulls of the evil races, then their mission would be considered complete! Once that happens, the dragon clan would be free to live their lives without being bound by the mission!”

Fill this abyss with skulls…… Du Wei took a look at the bottomless darkness in front of him…. How many skulls would that take?!



If you like this translation, consider donating to sponsor extra releases



* * *





Chapter 103




Chapter 103 “Observation of the Stars”

Let us not care what is happening in the ice field for a moment……

Three days later, on the eve of the Roland Empires founding, 960 years later in the capital.

Located along the Lancang Grand Canal, this city was by far one of the biggest in the Roland Empire. After experiencing repeated development by multiple generations of emperors, the function of this river has changed from a mere moat and into a trans-Imperial territorial river: this river could reach into the very heart of the northwestern lands of the empire, or go as high as the Empires Austin Asian Mountains in the west, it could even go far into the East into the open sea. Not only that, this river also acted as a divide between the South and Northern line of the Empire, so you can imagine the importance of this river in the present Roland Empire.

It was on this fateful day on top of the city’s wall, the sunset in the evening sky was ever so majestic as it slowly took its course over the northern Lancang Grand Canal. On average, the northern and southern walls of the city could reach as high as 20 meters and the highest tower could even reach 30 meters in height. These defenses were all built hundreds of years in the past when the Empire was facing a civil war. That era was also the time period when the Augustine dynasty rose into power. In order to go against the Northwest rebellion and the separatist warlords, the Empire spent huge efforts and costs to strengthen the defenses on the northwestern side. If one were to stand on top of the 30 meter towers, they could even see far into the distance of the northern banks of the Lancang Grand Canal. The distance between the two was no less than ten miles.

According to tradition, tonight on the eve of the national day, the president of the magic union and the imperial court astrologist will make a divination on top of the highest northern tower. Facing the stars, they will predict the future destiny of the empire in the coming year….. Naturally, there will be no less than several famous scholars around the event to scroll a few flowery articles to match the current Augustine Emperor.

Right now on top of the city wall, two teams of Royal Guards were standing watch instead of the city army guards. Under the protection of these special soldiers, several prominent elite figures were standing on the highest point of the northern tower, anxiously awaiting the results from the court astrologist – Although the results were the same every year, but every noble that participated in this event would assume a face of worry and care, otherwise, how can they show their patriotic self?

The only person that looked a bit uncomfortable among this group was a certain indifferent looking old man donning a black robe.

Originating from the southern part of the empire, this black robe was made from the silk of a certain pure black silkworm. Due to its rarity, the annual production of this fabric was no more than 200 pounds per year, thus the price of this material was even higher than gold. Named ‘Golden Silk’, this fabric is mainly only used as a tribute in the Palace. As for the small minority that manages to leak into the open market, only individuals of great wealth or power could possibly afford to wear clothing’s made out of this silk.

This old man may look very old, but his hair and beard was still black as the night. This was especially true for his eyes when most Roland citizens had blue or green eyes. Thanks to this distinct feature, this old man had an extra hint of mystery surrounding him.

About two steps behind this old man stood four to five tall, short, fat and thin people. Each of these individuals had drooping eyelids but their eyes carried a serious intent to them. Standing quietly behind this certain old man, all of these people were wore a standardized white magician’s styled robe. Shockingly enough, every one of these individuals had a magician’s badge on their chest…. Not only that, they were all wearing gold colored clover badges, symbolizing their status of a Grand Magician of the eighth level!

As for that old man, he had patterns of circles sewn on the edges of his robe like that of burning flames. And looking at his chest, the badge he was wearing was that of a small olive leaf. Although this badge wasn’t made of gold, but the pattern was very simple and rustic. Under the darkness of night, the badge had a subtle lustering shine to it.

Continent-wide, this badge was one of a kind! From a certain perspective, this badge was even more prestigious than the token of the emperor.

Yage Dorgan, president of the magician’s union.

Wearing the expensive black silken robe with an olive leaf badge on his chest, Dorgan was looking boringly at the astrologist in front of him.

With closed eyes and muttering a heap of nonsense, this astrologist was looking towards the nightly sky trying to perform a divination.

From deep inside his heart, Dorgan had a strong dismissive feeling towards these so called astrologists. He is a traditional magician and traditionally, magicians had always looked down on two types of professions. One kind is a magic pharmacist. As the president of the magician’s union, Dorgan had in the past proposed to expel this profession from the magician’s union. The second kind is a divination astrologist. In his view, the idea of looking at the sky and stars to figure out the will of god is all nonsense and trickery. Only those that could delve into magic and the forces of this world will be able to understand god’s will, this is his belief.

As the last of the Sun’s light disappears over the horizon, the sky finally darkens to reveal the glimmering stars and the hovering moon of the night.

Wearing a magnificent robe, the stern looking court Astrologist continued his ridiculous act…..

What really bored Dorgan is that regardless of the divinations result, no one actually believes it. But this event is a must because this divination is a way to look good in front of the Emperor. Although Dorgan hated these kinds of gatherings, but as the president of the magician’s union, he had already exposed himself to these fields of politics. By coming to this occasion and participating in this ceremony, he is showing a form of respect towards the imperial court.

Moreover, each year the magician’s union needed to acquire a large amount of donations from the Royal family as funding.

To make matters worse, the night was also very cold. Unfortunately, in order to highlight their respect towards God, none of these powerful magicians could muster up a small spell to fight off the chill. By forcing all these old bones to stand there all night in the cold, Dorgan would sometimes maliciously guess that this boring ceremony is actually a way for the Emperor to carry out an evil vengeance against them.

Frowning, Dorgan glanced down towards the bottom of the tower.

The Temples delegate was already waiting below for the divination results. Traditionally, the temple delegate would send the results to the Royal Palace and the Temple. Then, having both “Majesty’s”, the emperor and the Pope pray at the Palace and the Temple of respectively….. Thanking God for guidance.

But the situation this year is somewhat different. The Temple’s elder group did not come and only sent one of the pope’s direct delegates. As for the Holy knight leaders that represented the temple last year, not a single one showed up. In order to fill up the numbers, the temple only sent an eighth level Holy knight.

Three of the Holy Knight leaders, one mutinied, two were killed. This news had already spread across the entire continent. It appears the Temple is facing a huge crisis. Rumor has it that even the Temple’s elder squadron was sent out to hunt down the renegade knight leader Hussein.

The relationship between the Magician’s union and the temple had always been cold in some ways, so Dorgan was inwardly gloating.

Most likely, his Majesty the Pope must be in a very bad mood right now. With such bad feelings contained inside his heart and still forced to preside over such a Grand praying ceremony…… Dorgan was actually chuckling at these thoughts when it crossed his mind and didn’t even notice he was laughing out loud while doing so.

As a rule, in these kinds of divination ceremonies, no one is allowed to make a sound.

But considering Dorgan’s identity, who can reprimand him? On behalf of the emperor… A Royal Cabinet carefully looks at this president of the magician’s union.

(Now if a star suddenly shoots through the sky, then it really would be hilarious.) Dorgan randomly comes up with these thoughts.

It was nearly 100 years ago on the eve of the national day, a shooting star trailed across the sky as if falling down! That shocking scene terrified everyone and as a result, everyone took it as an ominous sign from god. The word spread and rumors popped up everywhere saying that evil spirits have descended on the empire. Seeing such an opportunity, different important figures in the capital attacked their opposition using this as an excuse. Eventually, the Emperor was also dragged into this and as a result, many were executed in order to calm the masses.

That event was 100 years ago. Now in the present, the Temple was facing such a big crisis. So if the same event was to occur tonight like 100 years ago, wouldn’t it cause the Royal family trouble again?

Wrapped in these malicious thoughts, Dorgan idly waited for the ceremony to end.

Finally, at the peak of midnight, the court astrologist in front of him seemed to look like he had run ten kilometers and was completely out of breath. Panting and slumping down as if his body was weak beyond reason, his face was covered in sweat as he prepared a parchment to write down whatever he came up with. Looking at the unknown symbols scrawled onto the parchment, it was most likely that only this certain individual would understand what he really wrote.

“Good! Thank God for his blessing, the Empire’s fate is good.” Rolling up the parchment, the court Astrologist solemnly handed the paper over to the court delegate.

It must be really hard for him…… To be forced to annually perform this silly act each year. Dorgan secretly sneered, but his face was still pretending to be very happy. Seeing the court delegate coming over to him with the double parchment, Dorgan solemnly raised a finger to cast a permanent solidification spell. By using this spell, the parchment would be safe from damage and the ink wouldn’t fade away for at least the next 100 years. Afterwards, this parchment with the funny looking scrawls would even be saved and put into storage within the palace…..

Actually, this kind of permanent solidification spell can be casually pulled off by a fifth level magician. There was no reason to require Dorgan to personally do this, but in order to keep up appearances, this process was still needed.

Finally finishing his work for the night, Dorgan lets out a sigh at being able to go back to his tower.

This night really was cold.

As if it was meant to be, it seems inevitable that tonight will not be calm!

Just when everyone was preparing to leave, a whistling sound could be heard next to their ears coming from over the horizon. As everyone looked over at the northeastern direction, a shining light was currently trailing across the sky. With a red body and a long tail, this object was getting bigger and bigger in appearance as it drew closer. Like a broom, the object cuts right through the air like it was scarring the very sky itself. In mere moments, this object flew past everyone’s gaze and landed far into the west horizon….

Everyone was stunned at this point, as if dully looking at the scene that just appeared in front of them……

After a long moment of pause, the court delegates face suddenly changed colors with an alarming expression. With a large open mouth, this person suddenly yelled: “Falling Star! Star fall!!! Shooting Star!!”

This call immediately resonated among the crowd as if a stone was thrown into a calm pond of water. After the initial call, the expression on these people changed to all sorts of manners: some were panicking or worried, but a small portion was simply deep in thought, and certain individuals were secretly pleased……

All in all….. Every person came up with different ideas concerning this terrible event. There was the small portion of people that could recall the event from a century ago and has secretly plotted to use the oncoming momentum to plot their course of action….

The only ones not speaking was this president Dorgan and the court divination astrologist.

What was different between them is that Dorgan felt all of this was a little ridiculous. He is a magician, but he doesn’t believe this astrological phenomenon is god’s guidance. It’s just that earlier he had a moment of thought about all of this, so he felt it was absurd to put himself into the same as the court astrologist.

As for that Court Divination astrologist, he was already scared silly from the shock!

Appearance of a shooting star! This is obviously a great ominous sign! He had personally performed a “divination” and the results he made were supposed to be good, but a shooting star immediately appeared right afterwards. Wouldn’t this mean he had violently slapped himself in the face?

Loss of face is small, but if this incurs his Majesty’s wrath, then it was mostly he will face some tough luck in the coming future.

After making a bump noise, the court Astrologist fell completely backwards on his ass, but no one around him dared lend him a hand. The only thing they did give him was a pitying look…..

A century ago when the shooting star appeared over the sky, the Emperor at the time immediately executed the court divination astrologist!

From the looks of it….. This person seems to be another unlucky fool.

Whether it is a shooting star or anything else, Dorgan doesn’t want to be dragged into this conflict of the imperial court.

Thinking up to this point, Dorgan turned to face the already pale looking cabinet member and nodded before leaving.

It was just then, a man wearing a magician’s robes racing up the towers pushed over a bunch of nobles in his way. If not for the high leveled badge he was wearing and the fame this person had in the capital, the royal guards would have most likely stopped him long ago.

Ignoring any manners of etiquette, this magician rushed up to Dorgan and whispered a few words into his ears.

Originally Dorgan was still somewhat discontent at this person’s action, believing the way this magician was acting in poor manners. But after listening to the words whispered into his ears, Dorgan’s face suddenly turned pale!

Trembling from shock, everyone standing near this president of the magician’s union was wondering what was so shocking that could cause this person to be so pale.

“He’s…… Really dead?” Dorgan’s face was as somber as it can get: “Certain?”

“Certain.” This intruder’s forehead was covered in a cold sweat: “The life stone he left behind have already shattered…..”

Several of the closer bystanders that heard the last word couldn’t help but wonder at what was going on.

In the magician’s union, those that reach a certain level and status would definitely be honored and even directly receive help from the guild. The reason is because any powerful magician is an important power and a valuable asset to the guild. Unfortunately, all of these powerful individuals are matched with odd personalities that like to roam freely in the continent. In order to combat this situation, every important figure would leave behind a ‘life stone’ in the magician’s union. This stone is specially imprinted with the life signature of each individual and would sense the life force of that person no matter where he is. This way, no matter where they are, the union would be able to at least know if that person is still alive or have already departed to the afterlife.

“You certain it is that person’s?” This leader of the magician’s union had deep eyes as he spoke, and if those that was closer paid more attention, they would notice Dorgan’s fingers were even trembling.

“Absolutely certain.” This informer whispered in a low voice, “It is the oldest stone slate in storage…. It really shattered.”

After all, he is the magician’s union’s president; Dorgan quickly realized this wasn’t the place to look emotion. Regaining his composure, he quickly issued out a command in a relaxed manner:

“Immediately go investigate! Exactly where did he die and how did he die. I don’t believe on this continent there is any powerful individual capable of killing him! My God, he is dead…… Be sure to investigate everything! Also, that female disciple he brought with him for the examination, make sure we are able to locate that little eighth level magician! Be sure to find her! Yes, most importantly, you remember?!” Dorgan takes in a deep breath: “Last month, according to the reports, didn’t he take with him that little master of the Rowling family? Find him! We need to at least know what happened! What is the reason that caused such a powerful magician to perish! Maybe when he was killed, that little master of the Rowling family was beside him! Go investigate! Find out! GO!!!”

With that said, the informant quickly moves away to pass on the order. Forcing himself to face the bystanders, Dorgan smiled, then sighed before explaining: “It’s nothing much, no need to wonder. It seems today is destined to be a bad day… The magician’s union has painfully lost a legendary grand magician! I and the previous president’s mentor, the great and legendary magician… Gandalf, have passed away.”

As soon as his words ended, all the bystanders erupted into an uproar…..

On this night after the scene of the shooting star and the spreading of the news brought forth by Dorgan, the entire capital was up in alert.

At the same time, in the northern reaches of the Roland continent, past the Lancang Grand Canal, crossing thousands of miles towards the Northern Plains, and all the way into the vast ice-covered frozen forest. There was a group of people struggling to walk through the woods.

Replacing Hussein in the lead, Du Wei walked in front of the group while holding the knight’s long sword to clear a path. From its appearance, the steel long sword was now covered in terrible fractures as if it would shatter from another blow.

Du Wei’s condition was very bad as he walked with a limp. Other than using the sword to clear a path, he would also occasionally use it as a crutch.

And behind Du Wei, the knight Hussein was even more miserable. Wrapping his head and left eye in an article of cloths, one could occasionally see the seeping of blood on the surface. He knight looked extremely weak, his breathing was heaving and the coughing of blood would mix with his saliva as it dripped from a corner of his mouth. Not only that, his chest and back was also hurt and one arm was hanging from his chest. In an unstable manner, the knight was barely able to trail behind Du Wei.

And farther behind, an unreal beauty was following them. Naturally, this woman is Queen Medusa. But at the moment, her face was pale bordering the line of transparency. Still eyes closed and an indifferent looking expression, what was surprising is the fact that she couldn’t even walk by herself. Leaning against the big mouse Gargamel, Medusa’s body looked so soft and frail as if she didn’t have any bones. Poor Gargamel, not only did he have to walk in his weakened state, but he had let Medusa lean half of her body against this mouse.

God have mercy on this mouse, nearly all of his gray hair was scorched black. The long tail he had was missing half of its portion and even his ears were almost cut off.

Within this group, the only one that looked intact was the graceful looking penguin QQ.

Du Wei, Hussein, Medusa, Gargamel, and OQ

This small team, whether human, snake, mouse, or penguin, all of them looked somber and saddened.

But… There was one person missing.

The Old magician, the undying old fool was no longer within the group.

Traveling through the frozen forest is extremely difficult. Du Wei and everyone had cuts and bruises all over their body. This team of powerful experts was nearly crippled at this point, even the act of walking was very difficult.

Du Wei that was walking in the front suddenly shouted these words, “The Canyon! Look! Canyon! We are at Treant’s territory.”

In the distance, dense trees and crevices can be seen on both sides of the low mountain terrain. This place was originally the Canyon occupied by Medusa.

“Hussein, the Fountain of Youth inside can treat your injuries.” Du Wei sighed.

The Knight looked gloomy and didn’t say anything other than snorted in a low voice.

He suddenly puffed out his chest and marched past Du Wei. The knight was staggering as he walked, but the feeling he was giving off was that of an indomitable spirit. Sighing, Du Wei looked at Hussein’s back as if the knight wanted to say something.

The Knight suddenly turned and with only one eye looking at Du Wei: “Remember that one day, sooner or later, I will fight my way back there! With that old dragon’s head, I will pay homage to that undying old fool!”

“I believe you.” Du Wei nodded; his face no longer had any hint of joking. His eyes glinted with determination: “Although I also don’t really like the old guy, but we’ll definitely seek vengeance against the dragon clan!”

“Du Wei.” Hussein’s body suddenly collapsed. The knight was already at his limit to begin with and only held on with only his will. Now, Hussein could no longer hold out and leaned against a nearby tree. Using his remaining eye, Hussein stared at Du Wei: “Listen up, that old dragon already killed him. Now you and I are the only inheritors of Aragon’s will. I don’t care whether you are willing or not, but both of us must carry on this burden from now on! Especially you! So, I wish you’d stop seeking for ways out! If we are to seek vengeance against that old dragon, you have to grow and become as strong as Aragon in his prime! Otherwise, we are no match for that dragon!

What exactly happened in these three days?

A few years later, Du Wei would sometimes bring up the story of his first adventure into the frozen forest with his subordinates. From the frozen forest to the Holy Mountain, his words always carried a trace of hatred whenever he referenced the old dragon and the hunting game that occurred.

“At the time we already found a way to deal with the magic array in the ice field, but who would have thought that old dragon would catch up so fast? I originally thought that after two days of fleeing, that chief would take one day to catch up to us. But after two and a half day, that damn dragon already caught up to us. If not for Gandolf…..”

Well then, let us rewind the time back three days to the point of the forgotten ice field.

The Time is three days before the celebration of the Roland Empires founding.

The horrifying storm was currently blowing and several tornadoes had formed near the group. The possibility of the group’s barrier being blown away could happen at any time….

“Wind dodging needle? This is the wind dodging needle?” Du Wei looked at the thing in QQ’s hand because as soon as he opened it, what was revealed is an ancient looking sword!

Encrusted in the scabbard were seven colored gems and strange patterns were carved onto the handle.

Who knows how long this sword was made, but It was obvious this is a sword!

“This is the wind dodging needle. I won’t be wrong.”

Behind him, the old magician has been transfixing his eyes at this thing. Then suddenly this old fella shouted out loud: “This… This is Aragon’s sword!”

“What?” Du Wei turned to take a look at the old fella.

“The colored gems on the scabbard are actually magic nucleus that Aragorn collected from seven high tiered magical beasts he slew while crossing the continent. This weapon is documented to be a powerful magical weapon, sharp and matchless!” The old magician suddenly became all excited: “This is the king’s sword! Sword of Aragon!”

Is this actually the wind dodging needle or the King’s sword?!

“Fine then!” Du Wei shouted: “Stop flapping your gums! No matter if this thing is the king’s sword or whatever wind dodging needle! As long as it can protect us from this shit storm then its good! Otherwise, we will all be dead! Now, QQ quickly tell me how to use this thing! Quick!”

“Quick!” Du Wei no longer had any patience left to argue with this penguin.

“Okay.” QQ sighed. Aragon told me as long as the destined person can pull out this sword from the sheet…..”





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 104




Chapter 104 “fierce battle!”

Pull it out?

That’s it?

With 10,000-points of wonder, Du Wei hesitantly took hold of the sword, one hand on the scabbard and the other on the handle……

With force.

It wouldn’t budge.

Again with more force.

Still unmoving.

With a stern face and steady feet, Du Wei took in a deep breath to muster up his strength before shouting: “tie!!”

Under the pressure of his forceful pull, a clear and crisp sound could be heard from his efforts:

Snip!!

Then, the world was quiet…… As if the sounds in the world were completely cut off from Du Wei’s ears. Focusing their eyes on what was in Du Wei’s hand, even the old magician and Hussein were completely absorbed in what they were seeing……

In his past life, Du Wei had seen countless fantasy novels but they always had one blood puking segment: The protagonist would always receive a legendary ancient sword. If the authors were a bit more adventurous, the sword would even be from the age of the gods. Also, the sword would always be matchlessly sharp, capable slicing through anything like vegetable!

But Du Wei understood now all of this was bullshit!

Bullshit!

With the advancement of time, the art of metal smelting will also progress. Even if those so called legendary swords and blades from the past were to survive till now, they absolutely cannot be considered any form of treasure!

Du Wei was really mad this time. How can someone that has gone through the modern educational system be so easily deceived by such silly legends…..

How could he have really believed an ancient sword can still be a peerless treasure?

How can he believe it would still be razor sharp?

A simple example would be the sword from Emperor Qin Shi. (The guy that built the great wall of china) If one were to take a regular house knife of the 21st century and compare it that ancient sword, the regular knife would be even sharper!

Waste of words to compare… One is bronze, the other is steel! Which is sharper?

It would seem this principle also applies to this world. No matter how garbage the art of metal smelting is on the continent, it should still advance a bit over a thousand years, right?

So whether a sword from a thousand years ago can still be considered a treasure is up for debate.

Regarding that sarcophagus hidden in the Holy Mountain: first it wasn’t vacuum sealed to kill bacteria, second it wasn’t corrosion and rust proofed. If not for luck, the oxidation effect alone is enough to lay waste to the metal!

So now, Du Wei was truly speechless as he held onto the so called king’s sword in his hand.

A sword is a sword…… At least you can see the shape of it, just that it may not be a treasured sword and the sharpness is not even worth mentioning.

This thing looked more like an archaeological artifact than a sword. From appearance wise: the sword was filled with yellow and green rust, the edge was so blunt that it was unlikely to even slice through a tree’s bark, and there were so many cracks on the surface of the blade that it looked like it would break at any moment.

For such a thing, the only value that it would most like have is to place it in a museum and honor it in the name of the founding emperor. This way the future generations would have a chance to see such a historic item.

As for taking this thing as a weapon and going into battle to kill the enemy? Don’t even think about it.

Du Wei felt cheated and miserably deceived.

Damn Aragon.

Said he will leave behind a heavenly beast? But what he did leave behind is a penguin that could only spout nonsense without any practical skills.

Said he will leave behind a king’s sword, but it turned out to be an old rusted artifact!

“HA HA! HA HA! HA HA HA!” Du Wei’s laughter was so hard on the ear it was like a baby’s scream. Shaking the thing in his hand, he turned to look at everyone but was shocked to find them all in a sluggish state. Brimming with anger, Du Wei forced a few words out his mouth: “Are you certain this thing is the so called King’s sword?”

The old magician was wiping away his sweat at this point.

The only one happy here seemed to be QQ… “It is not a sword, but a wind dodging needle! Master Aragon said it is a wind dodging needle… But why do you have to say it is some kind of sword!”

Inside his heart, Du Wei has completely lost it. The only feeling he had now was a new and growing sensation of wanting to survive: “I don’t care what it is, sword or not, needle or not! In short, can this thing save our lives or not?”

As long as you pull it……”

“I’ve pulled it out.” Du Wei clenched his teeth: “And then what?”

After a long pause, the one that was nearly drained of all his energy earlier Gargamel, carefully eyed Du Wei’s hand and couldn’t resist reminding him in a low voice: “Hey, your hands bleeding……”

“Huh? ”

Du Wei looked down and sure enough, the hand that was holding the hilt is bleeding. Heated with anger and the numbing caused by the cold weather, his sensation wasn’t as keen as it should be so he didn’t notice it until now.

This “antique” really couldn’t keep up with Du Wei’s strength. Even though he managed to pull the sword out with brute force, the hilt…. God knows what this handle is made of. According to tradition on the Roland Continent, the sword handles are usually made from wood.

But this sword hilt has clearly been eroded over time. When he forcefully gripped the handle earlier to unsheathe the sword, it was obvious his strength had cracked the hilt. But from the inside, it seems as though something was hidden in the middle and that object had somehow punctured his hand.

Twisting his eyebrows into a frown, he held the artifact between his arms and ripped off a piece of his clothing to wrap up his bloodied palm….. It was at this moment, his eyes met up with the broken sword hilt and saw that there was something hidden inside.

The cracks seemed to be uniformed and don’t appear to be completely caused by his grip. Carefully stripping away the already rotting pieces of wood, what was left afterwards is a thin, long object hidden away in the middle.

This thing was cold to the touch and translucent like glass, but the material was much harder. If anything, the material looked like it was made out of a diamond like crystal. While the outer layer was translucent like a diamond, the middle segment looked like a long thin translucent ruby.

Not knowing why, Du Wei could vaguely feel some kind of sensation that he couldn’t describe with words as he held onto this object. Hidden inside this gemstone, there seems to be some kind of subtle energy flowing into his hand the moment he touched it…..

The shape of this gemstone is just like an elongated diamond and it just so happens that the sharp edges ended up piercing through his palm. From the drops of blood dripping out of his hand, a clearly visible stream of the liquid was slowly flowing into the crystal through some kind of hole in the crystal. The appearance was just like a gemstone pillar with a line of blood in the middle. A similar example would be a mercury thermometer from his previous life.

“What is this thing?” Du Wei looked at the old magician, but it was obvious even this old fella had no idea regarding this this.

Throwing the sword down onto the surface, Du Wei held out the diamond crystal and carefully examined it for a long time. After a moment, he finally noticed a small gap from the top of the crystal. Twisting it in his hand, he heard a tiny sound similar to that of a tin can being opened….. Within seconds, the crystal divided into two halves, allowing him to retrieve the long object from within.

This thing is obviously a thinly rolled up piece of parchment…. But for unknown reasons, this piece of parchment only turned slightly yellow after being locked inside for a millennium. Unlike the pieces of rotting wood that made up the sword handle, it is presumed the paper was preserved due to being kept in an air tight environment.

In a gentle motion, Du Wei carefully opened the thinly rolled up parchment. From the stains of blood on the paper, he was surprised to see that fuzzy lines of handwritten text were formed from his blood.

Fortunately, his sight was very good, otherwise the tiny texts on this slap of paper the size of his palm would be very hard to identify.

“If your blood can get these words to appear, then congratulations, you have found the things I left behind.”

This is the first sentence; seeing this caused a strange sensation to run down Du Wei’s spine.

“I know you must be very confused and have a lot of questions right now, but all will be revealed in the future.”

Nonsense, Du Wei inwardly thought this but it was obvious these words were handwritten by Aragon. With his nerves running wild, Du Wei continued reading the texts, hoping to find even the faintest clues or methods in solving the challenges they are facing now.

“The stuff I left you is not much because the matters to come will require you to finish it yourself. Be kind to the pet I left you, he will aid you in many ways. Also keep this crystal safe, it will give you strength in the future…… Lastly, retrieve my heart that is in Chris’s hand! Believe me, it is also to help yourself.”

Du Wei could only sigh at these mindless words because they were not helpful to the current situation at all.

But thankfully, the final passage was still very useful.

“Remember this regarding the ice field’s magic array. In this world, there is no magic array that has an endless power source. There will eventually be a time when the power runs out. The biggest strength of this magic array is its ability to recycle energy! Whenever someone steps into the ice field, it will trigger its effect and provide energy to the magic array. I believe you should be able to understand the hidden meaning behind these words.”

That was it.

A piece of paper the size of a little palm could hardly be much. With limited space, the texts were so densely packed that it was extremely difficult to read.

In total, Aragorn left behind four sets of message for Du Wei.

First is to treat QQ well. Du Wei had some doubts because everything Aragon left him so far had caused him nothing but trouble. The third is requesting him to retrieve his heart from old Chris….. Curling one side of his mouth up, Du Wei wasn’t going to let this matter fall onto him.

Fourth is information regarding the magic array. This was the part that is worth thinking over.

Recycling…. Once triggered, it will also provide it with energy.

Du Wei carefully thought for a moment and quickly realized the meaning.

It is clear that in theory… Any magic array cannot exist without limit! There is bound to be a time when the energy is depleted. A magic array is not a living magician. A mage can rest and meditate to replenish his energy, but a magic array is not a living being. Once it has depleted all of its energy, it will lose its purpose.

The problem is the strength of this magic array and the seemingly endless supply of energy it has. (Think about it. This magic array was able to nearly deplete all of the energy from experts like the old magician and Aragon.) Du Wei is unaware of any magic array capable of existing in this world for thousands of years and still has such powerful magic reserve.

Then the only suspicious part is the “recycling”!

Whenever someone enters this place it’ll activate the magic array, but at the same time, it will also provide it with energy.

Then wouldn’t it be that the power source of these endless storm assaults be from the person itself?

Like now, Du Wei and others are relying on the defensive barrier to protect themselves from the storm. By constantly inserting energy into the barrier, they are also being drained of energy by the magic array to be used against them!

Desperately fighting with all of one’s strength, but in fact, they were fighting against themselves!

The miraculous feature of this ancient magic array lies not in how strong it is, but in the fact that it could convert the energy of those inside and use it against them.

The principle behind this is no different than ‘redirecting’ one’s strength. The stronger you resist, the stronger the attacks become. This will continue until the person is completely exhausted.

Conversely, if the person in question didn’t have any magic, they wouldn’t be affected because if their fighting strength is zero, then the counter force would also be zero.

Thinking this through, Du Wei immediately called out to the old magician: “We need to change our approach, I thought of a way!”

Du Wei wanted the old magician to first reduce the size of the barrier one step at a time, then slowly narrow down the energy input he was putting into it.

When they first started, everyone was somewhat skeptical because by reducing the strength of the barrier, there was the possibility of the storm overwhelming them at any time!

However, after enduring this for a while, Du Wei was acutely aware of the storm gradually weakening around them!

Once Du Wei judged that his idea is correct, he once again asked the old magician to further reduce his energy input into the barrier.

Step by step, they continued reducing the barrier to the tipping point. This way, the storm would gradually weaken over time……

Just like that, they waited for the storm to weaken.

Although they wasted half a day’s worth of time for this, but the whistling wind around them was no longer at the dangerous level. Thus, the group was no longer facing the dire situation of constantly being struck by the blades of wind caused by the raging storm.

“This is the best situation already.” Du Wei sighed.

“Why can’t we continue doing this?” Hussein asked,” If we continue to decrease the energy level, wouldn’t we make this damn wind stop completely?”

Du Wei smiled bitterly: “This is after all a magic array; it should at least have its own reserve of energy. It’s not possible for there to be no wind. Such a storm is actually here to cheat anyone that enters this place so that they would use magic to fend off the wind. But once they use their magic, it will only lead to the storm becoming stronger. The best approach is to withstand the storm as it is now. Compared to being torn to pieces by the wind, this is much better!”

Sweating from fatigue, the old magician not only had to maintain the barrier around everyone, but he also had to subtly reduce the degree of energy input to the barrier so that the storm would weaken. Other than the old magician, it was likely no one else here is capable of performing such a feat.

“What Du Wei said is right.” The Old magician had already removed all of their magic defenses, letting the harsh wind blow against their unprotected bodies. Although the weather is a bit cold and walking through this place is a bit difficult, but it was already the best situation they can hope for: “Let’s get moving! The distance from the agreed time with the dragon chief is only half a day!”

Gusts of powerful winds constantly blew through the surface of the ice field. If one is not careful, a person can easily tip over from the occasional shift in the winds.

In Du Wei case, he had already made several somersaults. Fortunately he was wearing a thick layer of clothing so he wasn’t injured, but he did suffer from the dizziness caused by the spinning.

Hussein glanced at Du Wei. Currently the knight is leading in the forefront of the group because none of them dares to use any form of magic or Dou Qi to deal with the storm. Due to this reason, Hussein became the strongest one in their group. Using his physical strength, the knight led the way by using his tall body as a shield in the front.

For such a prideful guy like Hussein, the knight naturally stepped up and took responsibility for the group. This move by Hussein caused Du Wei to feel somewhat grateful and a form of respect towards the knight grew inside his heart.

In terms of pure physical force, Hussein is also one of a kind on the continent. Forcibly pushing forward, his tall body was just like an unbreakable wall in the front of the group.

Fortunately this time, the pace they were going at was incredibly faster than the previous days. By noon, the old magician said that according to his calculation, they had already covered half the distance needed.

“But now……” Du Wei looked at the sky and smiled wryly: “I estimate the old dragon is also starting now from the mountain.”

“The time he would catch up to us should be one day from now.” Du Wei smiled: “Right now, there is no longer any magic attack aiming at us. I think in one day’s worth of time we should be able to get to the frozen forests, so we can’t rest now. We must continue our efforts and move forward.”

Originally the most powerful person in the group is the old magician, but he has now become the most vulnerable and lagged behind everyone…. For a feeble old man like him to walk through the ice field and without aid from magic, is simply too severe.

Without a word, Hussein simply lifted the old magician and carried him on his back.

Hussein was also very tired, but without hesitation, he stood up and took responsibility. This prideful guy understood that he is currently the main pillar supporting the group.

Du Wei deeply admired this point..

The third day……

For Du Wei and the others, the third day was the hardest. Putting all their effort into following behind Hussein, they also had to constantly and nervously look behind themselves for any disturbances.

Du Wei suddenly spoke up: “You notice? The wind is weakening.”

Indeed, everyone also perceived this. Hussein could also slightly feel it was easier to walk through the ice field than before. Though it was still cold, the strong wind that could blow someone away was nowhere to be seen.

“Maybe we’re about to get out.” Gargamel popped his head out from Du Wei’s chest pocket. This person was the most comfortable because he could shrink his body down. Even if the mouse hid in Du Wei’s pocket, it didn’t increase the burden on him.

“It’s true that we’re getting close.” The Old magician looked gloomy: “But that is not the reason the wind is weakening….. Look behind you!”

With the old magician’s reminder, everyone looked behind.

In the northern part of the sky, an endless expanse of dark cloud could be seen over the horizon. Thunder rained down like rain and if one were to look closely, they could even notice a giant vortex forming in the middle of the storm……

“Because the wind over here is all being attracted to that end.” The old Mage suddenly cried: “Quick! We need to increase our speed! Come on! The old dragon has come! It is causing all the winds to focus on his position! This is a golden opportunity! Come on!”

From the old magician’s yell, the already tired crowd had no choice but to raise their spirit and push forward. The old magician didn’t say this out loud, but inwardly everyone knew that if the old dragon caught up, they would all be in big trouble.

Right now the weather in the ice field is a dead calm, but everyone was quite upset at this and desperately tried to run forward.

It is at this moment a strange event occurred in the sky!

Over in the northern horizon, a thundering noise could be heard coming from the area where the endless mass of dark clouds was located.

And to the southern side of the sky, the sun was high in the sky without a hint of clouds blocking the light. The air was so quiet that it was bordering the line of abnormal…. But the more the group ran, the more scared they were!

About an hour later.

The group could already see the contour lines of the frozen forest ahead of them!

Seeing that they were about to get out of the ice field, the hope inside their hearts lit up. But it was at this moment, a thundering howl came from behind their backs.

Like a tangible object, the wave of sound quickly fanned out in all directions. In mere seconds, the storming dark clouds in the sky dispersed from the shockwave!

A momentarily silence followed because the terrifying shock wave actually pierced right through the storm. Then immediately, a loud howling roar reached everyone’s ears from the north!

This sound was the angry roar of a dragon and the shockwave from it seemed like it would even shake the entire sky! That horrifying dragon patriarch actually used his tyrannical powers to temporarily scatter the storm!

Then with the sound of his ROAR, a golden light quickly darted over from the north! Despite all their efforts to run, it was to no avail as a big shadow quickly overtook them.

Then, with a great ROAR…….. The old dragon caught up!

Its body was far bigger than any dragon Du Wei had ever seen! Brimming with a gold light, it was as if each scale on its body was completely made of gold! The immense body had no hint of clumsiness; instead, it had an indescribable noble look to it!

A Golden Dragon! The Dragon clan’s Patriarch is clearly the world’s highest ranked creature of legend!

The common dragon families are divided into Black Dragon, Red Dragon, White Dragon, Green Dragon, and Yellow Dragon. Each of these types of dragons are born with a unique power: Black Dragon specializes in dark magic, Red Dragon represents fire magic, White Dragon represents wind magic, Green Dragon symbolizes water, and Yellow dragon is good at earth magic.

But the Gold Dragons are the most powerful among all the Dragons!

Its physical body is not only gigantic, but also beyond compare to the other species. According to legend…. Unlike its peers, the gold dragon could utilize every element!

With a pale face, the old magician screamed: “This old guy went all out! He actually dared to do that!”

The old magician knew clearly this insane Dragon had used his tyrannical magic to clear away the violent storm, but this method can only last temporarily!

By using such immense power to break apart the storm, it is the same as inserting that much force into the magic array! After the storm reforms, the strength of the ice storm would become even more frightening!

It is only a matter of time before the clear skies above their heads turn into a raging storm!

Ignoring all consequences, the old dragon seemed determined in killing everyone.

The frozen forest may look like it was right in front of them, but in fact; the distance between it and the group was still quite far. This situation was just like dangling an apple in front of a starving animal, but no matter what the animal did, it couldn’t reach it.

Seeing that they cannot outrun the old dragon, the old magician steeled his heart and yelled: “You guys run! I’ll block him for a while!”

With that said, the old magician brought out his wand and quickly chanted a spell to increase its size to that of a person’s height. Gripping it in his hand, he began conjuring up another spell and then stabbed the staff into the icy ground. From it, massive pieces of ice layer on the ground started to crack and split apart as it floated into the air……

Spreading apart his arms as if to embrace the sky, the old magician lets out a loud yell as a flash of light crossed his eyes!

Instantly, the ice that was floating in the sky shot towards the old dragon!

Mixed in with the whistling sound are the howling roar of a Dragon and the sounds of ice shattering upon impact, but it was clear the old dragon’s body wasn’t harmed in the slightest!

Seeing this, the old magician started to chant even louder in a dignified manner. Rising out of the ground, ice pieces of all sizes started floating into the air. As if commanded by his finger, the pieces that he pointed to immediately started to rotate. Mixed with the cold air, the ice shards quickly picked up pace to form a whirling hurricane like that in the storms. Using the momentum, the ice shards quickly transformed into blades of ice and were propelled towards the old dragon at a frightening speed.

Forced to land by the oncoming attack, the old Dragon howled unwillingly. Spreading his wings out, the dragon formed a flaming wall around himself by shooting out flames from its mouth. Due to the intense heat from the flames, the ice blades were melted away even before they had a chance to make contact. The old magician never intended to defeat the old dragon this way, he simply wanted to draw its attention and stall for as much time as he could.

It was at this moment, dark clouds once again formed in the northern horizon! By using his immense strength to temporarily clear the storm, the resulting side effect has created an even more terrifying storm than before!

“Don’t think you can run away!” The gigantic dragon lets out a long howl.

Under the intense vibration caused by the old dragon’s howling roar, the old magician’s face quickly turned ugly. Raising a hand, he quickly erected a transparent shield to block the oncoming blast of sound coming his way. If he didn’t do at least this much, the force alone would be enough to kill a person!

Despite blocking the attack with the barrier, the Draconic magic was still able to cause great damage to the old magician because he was in the forefront of the attack. Before the noise could even die down, the old magician already spat out a mouthful of blood. With unquestioning eyes, he grabbed hold of his wand and raised it towards the distant sky as he quickly chanted the phrases for the next spell.

In a flash, the sun’s light was suppressed and the sky darkened to reveal the stars in space. Under the stars light, the old magician’s spirit suddenly spiked. Waving his wand around, multiple stars quickly flew across the sky and a light from the sky suddenly pressed down against the old dragon!

As if an invisible mountain suddenly pressed against his body, the old dragon yelled out a cry to resist, but was surprised to find his body stiffening up. The pressure made him feel very uncomfortable and when he tried to spread his wings, the old dragon found that he could no longer take a single step forward.

The old magician’s face was almost transparent in how pale he was. The magic he used is a move called the “chains of the stars” and the idea behind it is to use the force of the stars to lock down the enemy.

Despite his efforts, the old magician felt like his strength was completely drained because this dragon patriarch was simply too strong and the resistance this guy was giving off continued to grow with each passing second. Not long after, the old magician could hear a crisp cracking sound from his wand. Looking over, the gemstone on top had a clear line of crack going through it!

Then the cracks started to spread like a spider’s web. Beads of sweat started to form on his forehead, but he couldn’t relent because the pressure from the dragon was coming at him like waves!

The Dragon chief yelled: “You think you can trap me? Oh please! Old friend, 200 years ago you weren’t my opponent. Now that my body is restored, you are definitely no match for me! This move you used is called the chains of the stars and in the past, Aragon was able to trap me with this spell, but your skills are still too far off from him!”

With that said, the old dragon suddenly uttered a sound and its body glowed so bright that even the light from the stars were dimmed. Then a series of “bobobobo” sounds could be heard throughout the dragon’s whole body.

The “chain of the stars” has been broken!

Pooof!

Suffering from the energy rebound of having his spell broken, the old magician sprayed out another mouthful of blood. Not only that, the magic gemstone on top of his wand also shattered into multiple pieces!

Grinning at the sight, the golden dragon flew towards the old magician!

It was at this moment, a sharp sword Dou Qi shot towards him from his flank. Carrying a murderous aura, the sword Dou Qi had already pierced through his golden body……..

Letting out a howling roar of pain, the lower left side of his neck was struck with so much force that even the golden scales were broken through, allowing the attack to penetrate into his flesh!

The golden Dou Qi of a Saint Knight has been fully utilized. Taking advantage of the small distraction caused by the old magician, Hussein quietly sneaked up from the dragons behind and vindictively stabbed the dragon’s neck with his sword Dou Qi!

But the toughness of the gold Dragon still left the Saint Knight feeling helpless because that one strike was enough to split an entire mountain, yet it had only caused some minor injuries!

Seeing the golden colored blood on his blade, Hussein’s eyes became like that of a real sword. Without pause, he flipped the sword in his hand and aimed it towards the dragon’s eyes!

The old dragon couldn’t underestimate the knight’s attack because even he understood this energy was enough to harm his powerful body. In order to dodge the oncoming attack, he had to quickly twist his body to avoid making contact with the knight’s sword. Despite having a massive body, the golden dragon wasn’t clumsy in his movements because their kind was naturally gifted with a unique body.

Under the dragon’s roar, Hussein’s sword couldn’t make contact and even exposed himself to the dragon’s mouth. Opening its jaw, the dragon immediately blasted out a breath of fire at the knight. In order to block the oncoming flames, Hussein had to raise his sword in front of his body and wrap his Dou Qi into his sword to form a barrier. Despite his efforts, Hussein’s body was sent flying as deep as 10 meters into the ground!

Boom!!

With an explosive release of his Dou Qi, Hussein broke out from under the ice and floated into the air. Holding his sword, the knight released all of his Dou Qi as he stared at the enemy!

He may look carefree at the moment, but only Hussein knew that the previous strike he used was already infused with everything he had. Yet even after taking a direct hit from his sword, the dragon’s powerful body only received minor injuries. With only half his strength left, Hussein knew it was impossible for him to come out on top.

But Hussein’s personality had always been prideful and tenacious. Instead of cowering away in the face of such a powerful enemy, the knight’s spirit suddenly grew infinitely stronger. Not holding back, Hussein unreservedly released all of his Dou QI and grew into a mass of burning flame in the sky. Under the dimming of the sun’s light, he had already become the most dazzling point in the sky!

Letting out a loud shout, the knight changed the handling of his sword to two hands and immediately began performing a move from the stars Dou Qi martial set. Focusing his energy, the Dou Qi that is wrapped around his body started to crowd around the long sword in his hand and from it, an intense light was glowing so bright that one couldn’t look directly at it without hurting their eyes!

In one big shout, the sword was already flying out! With sound breaking speed, the sword wrapped in the Stars Dou QI flew towards the gold dragon!

In a violent vortex of light, this attack Hussein was using was just like a comet shooting down to earth!

This move is a skill that he had been practicing from the Stars Dou QI martial set left behind by Aragon. By spending years observing the stars, Aragon was able to come up with this destructive skill by simulating a comet!

If this move was performed by Aragon himself, this ability would have been so powerful that it could have split the very sky! Although Hussein’s attempt is good, but it was still lacking in comparison.

Seeing the dazzling comet already in front of him, the gold dragon lets out a roar and wraps his entire body in a beaming light. Raising his two claws, the old dragon attempts to intercept the attack……

With a loud and explosive rumble, Du Wei and the others could barely stand from the earthquake like tremors on the ground. The ice surface in the field quickly collapsed to expose countless dreadful abysses. Even the gigantic dragon was letting out an unending roar in the face of the explosion of light!

After performing his strongest move, Hussein had already reached his limit. No longer able to fly, he could only fall onto the surface of the ice field. Holding onto his sword like a crutch, the knight was panting hard….. But what scared the knight right now is that the dragon didn’t seem the least bit diminished from his attack……

The shockwave from the explosion shot out into the sky and once again shattered the forming dark clouds over in the northern horizon. So one can imagine the terrifying strength of this move performed by Hussein!

But after the explosive lights faded away, the dragon still stood!

Covered in a layer of light, the normally golden scales on the dragon had turned into a set of armor and extruding a surreal aura as if it was not of this world!

“Dragon Lord Armor!” The old magician smiled wryly: “He must be really desperate to summon the Dragon Lord Armor!”

The dragon specie is the most favored creatures of god and the dragon patriarch is even gifted with a unique skill only he could use. When fighting an enemy, the individual can call forth a legendary armor blessed by the Dragon God! The only drawback this skill had was that it can only be called upon once in battle and the time between the next use is extremely long.

Who could have thought that this dragon patriarch would even summon the Dragon Lord Armor in order to kill them!

“Dragon Lord Armor! Humph!” The usually resolved face of Hussein suddenly showed a hint of ruthlessness: “I don’t believe there is something like an absolute defense in this world!”

With that said the Knight took in a deep breath and once again released his Dou Qi. Aiming his sword, Hussein jumped towards the gold dragon and sent countless sparks of Dou Qi flying out towards the old dragon!

This skill is another move from the Stars Dou Qi martial set. Its strong point is to divide the Dou Qi into multiple points to attack the enemy from different angles.

Hails of meteor rained down on the dragon’s body, but it was to no avail. Not only did it not damage the enemy’s armor, the attacks were deflected even before they made contact. Seeing this, Hussein held onto his sword without any hint of retreating and shot straight towards the dragon!

“Come back Hussein!!” The old magician cried out loud in a panicking tone.

Sure enough, before Hussein could even get close enough to land a hit, the old dragon already retaliated with a beam of light from one of its claws and a blast of flames from its mouth…..

Originally, Hussein was a spent bullet to begin with. For him to take another hit in his weakened state is enough to send him flying backwards and hurt him so badly that he felt like his entire body had shattered. After landing on the ground, the knight was enshrouded in a dragon’s breath as if he was being burned alive. Despite what it may look like, the dragon’s breath is not actually a flame, but it sure hurt like one!

Letting out a painful cry, the knight rolled around in the ice and snow in hopes of putting out the dragon’s breath. Despite his efforts, the ice and snow were easily incinerated and the dragon’s breath showed no sign of weakening in the least!

Seeing the knights golden Dou Qi and some of his flesh being being melted away by the dragon’s breath, the old magician quickly rushed over to his side and pulled out a bottle of silvery liquid. Only after pouring the liquid onto the knight did the dragon’s breath go out.

But by then, Hussein already had signs of severe burns all over his body!

This injury is not normal because the body of a Saint Knight is extremely tough and has the capacity to self-regenerate, but the breath of a golden dragon is very hard to dispel. With a terrifying scar across his face and a deformed looking right eye due to severe burn, Hussein could barely stand up at this point!

After a severe battle, two of the strongest individuals from Du Wei’s side is now defeated. The old magician was still fine, but Hussein has been temporarily disabled and could no longer retaliate.

It is not clear what the old magician was thinking. Dropping his wand, the old fella sat crossed legged onto the icy floor and stared straight at the dragon patriarch.

“Surrendering now?” The golden dragon laughed and pointed one of his claws towards the south: “Give it up; I will not let you have the chance to run!”

It was at this moment, a soft voice suddenly reached him from the front.

Unknown to everyone, Medusa that was originally standing beside Du Wei had quietly walked up to the dragon.

With her thin body and beautiful face, Medusa stood in front of the dragon and gently furrowed her brows.

“Although….. This matter doesn’t concern me… But I don’t know why, I hate you.” Medusa spoke coldly: “Maybe it is because I have learned the meaning behind the word ‘Companion’? Anyways, it doesn’t please me knowing you’re hurting my companions… I hate you…… So…..”

“So…… Look at me!” This beautiful snake spoke in a cold way.

With that said, Medusa was already facing the gigantic dragon with open eyes!





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 105




Chapter 105 “The continent’s last Magister.”

Medusa’s gaze!

According to legends, this is the strongest form of petrification magic. Not even the Dragons are immune to this!

When the beautiful Medusa opened her eyes, it was like her gaze had already locked onto the old Dragon’s body!

Bewitchingly beautiful!

Almost impossible to grasp, the allure in her eyes was enough to bind the souls of any man to her will. Like a bottomless chasm, once someone lays their eyes on her, they would be unable to resist and be fully attracted to her……

Despite being the king of the Dragon’s and sitting on top of the world’s creature ranking, this prideful and proud Dragon with unimaginable strength still couldn’t help but be attracted to Medusa after looking into her demonic eyes.

When he looked into her eyes, what did he see?

No one knows, but the Gold Dragon immediately changed from his wild looking state of mind to a very quiet manner….. Slowly but surely, his eyes began to look hollow and empty as if his very soul is being sucked out by Medusa’s beauty.

Yes, it is beautiful.

With black eyes different from the rest of her appearance, they weren’t bright to look upon and even had a hint of melancholy mixed into them. Human scholars or poets would normally describe a woman’s eyes as a beautiful shining gem, but in Medusa’s case, her pupils carried a depth so deep that one wouldn’t be able to see the end.

Where in the world would one see such a beautiful gem? In front of her eyes, even the luster of black jewels and pearls would pale in comparison.

No matter what, a Gold Dragon is after all an organism of higher stature. Instinctively aware of something wrong with the situation, the Gold Dragon wanted to turn away but an irresistible force inside his heart prevented him from doing so…. And then a subtle ‘kakakka’ noise could be heard……

Starting from his legs, a strange color of gray started to appear on his usually yellowish scales covering his body. Very quickly, the grayish spots started to spread upward and took on a hard stone like texture….. Soon, the petrification effect had already reached the torso area…..

At this time, the Gold Dragon finally broke free from his daze, but it was already too late!

Unable to resist the stoning effect, the old Dragon couldn’t budge his wing even an inch when he tried to spread his wings open.

With an unwilling ROAR, the stoning effect had already reached the Dragon’s neck!

The Gold Dragon angrily cried out: “Medusa! Insignificant snake kind! Lowly reptilian creature! How dare you use your eyes on me, the high and mighty Dragon race!”

Angered by Medusa, the old Dragon was furious! With a loud shout, the Gold Dragon’s roar carried with it some kind of strange magic. This is Draconic magic belonging only to the Dragon race. With a sudden spike in the Dragon’s aura, some mysterious force started to push outward from the Dragon’s body to resist the spreading petrification effect!

The resistance seems very effective because the stoning effect can’t seem to spread past the neck no matter what. As for the rest of the body, the two forces of magic collided against each other, vying for supremacy and control.

Medusa continued to remain silent in front of the Gold Dragon as she stood there. Compared to the huge bulking body of the Gold Dragon, Medusa looked tiny and delicate in comparison. But those pairs of black eyes were sending out a terrifying gaze of infinite black, as if to swallow everything into their darkness……

The Gold Dragon desperately tried to resist with his Draconic magic, but eventually the battle tipped in Medusa’s favor. For him to last so long under the legendary gaze of Medusa is truly unbelievable……

With an unwilling roar, the petrifaction effect had spread to its head. When the Dragon opened his mouth, he looked like he wanted to spit out some kind of angry words before finally solidifying……

This Gold Dragon as big as a mountain finally turned into a stone statue!

Everyone seemed relieved, and Medusa continued to silently stand there in front of the Gold Dragon.

Seeing the enemy finally succumbing to her powers, Medusa’s body suddenly shook for a second before slowly falling down like a flower bouquet!

The strength of the Gold Dragon is indeed terrifying. In this one use of her iconic ability, Medusa nearly depleted all of her magical energy!

“The gaze of Medusa” is not unbeatable. At the very least if the opponent’s magical strength is high enough, they would then have the ability to resist her.

Seeing her frail body dropping to the floor, Du Wei rushed forward and lifted her body from the ground.

Despite her weakened state, the first words she uttered when Du Wei came up to her were: “Quick! Cover my eyes, can’t let my eyes see the light……” Her beautiful face now was pale and even had a deathly scent surrounding her! Du Wei was scared at what he saw, but without hesitation, he immediately tore off a piece of his clothing and layered it on top of Medusa’s eyes.

Du Wei ran up to the old magician’s side while holding Medusa, “She’s okay, right?”

“It’s all right…… However, Medusa’s iconic gaze consumed a lot of her magic. And magical beasts are inherently different from humans. Relying only on their magic nucleus, their speed of recovery is much slower than a magician’s. Who knows how long it would take her to recover the energy she consumed to petrify a Gold Dragon…..“ Sitting on the ground, the old magician squinted his eyes and stared at the stone statue: “Now, quick! Together with Hussein, leave! Quick! This is the last chance!”

Du Wei frowned at the Old magician’s serious tone: “What’s the matter? Hasn’t he already been……”

“It’s not so easy.” The old magician laughed bitterly:” Do you think a Gold Dragon, the most powerful of their kind and God’s favorite pet is so easy to kill?”

With that said, the old magician stared at Du Wei: “Quickly run! I can’t believe you didn’t run away during the battle just now! You expect me to praise your courage! You are such an idiot! Hussein and I are trying to delay things to give you a chance to escape! But you just stood there! Do you want us to die in vain! Go on, go! Don’t hesitate!”

Du Wei puts Medusa down to go help Hussein, but instead, the knight gently pushed him away: “I don’t need you to lift me. Old fool is right, now get out of here!”

With only a single eye left and an unstable body, Hussein still held his head high as he tried to straighten his body. Using his remaining left eye, the knight gave the old magician a deep glance as he spoke: “You really have to use that method?”

“That’s right.” The old magician smiled: “My friend, I leave the rest to you!”

This sentence was more like a will than anything else.

The Old Mage didn’t say anything more, but it seems the deep look he gave was enough to convey his meaning. Hussein paused for a moment and took in a deep breath. Though his body was in pain due to the injury, the knight clenched his teethes and said: “I understand!”

Du Wei could already feel something was wrong. With a dark face, he looked at the old magician’s face: “What are you trying to do, could it be that you don’t want to go?”

It was at this moment, circles of light suddenly floated out from the Gold Dragon’s petrified body. On top of the light, strange illusionary symbols could be seen……

The once lifeless body of the Gold Dragon suddenly soared to life again!

Although it’s still just a statue, the already diminished aura from the Dragon once again emanated out from the inside!

“Why are you hesitating?!” The Old magician’s face looked dark as he loudly yelled at Du Wei: “You are a smart person, so stop doing stupid things! Don’t let my sacrifice be in vain!”

With that said, the old magician raised his hand into the air and something suddenly flew into Du Wei’s hands. The thing was the magic bag the old magician usually carries with him.

“All my stuff is in there, now I gift them to you! If you appreciate our relation, then take care of my poor apprentice!”

With those last words, the Old magician gently lifted his finger and pointed at him. Before Du Wei could say anything else, a scene of when they first entered the frozen forest started to replay in front of him again!

Once again, Du Wei lost control of his body and became a puppet under the old magician’s magic. Letting out a sigh, Hussein mustered up the last remnant of his Dou Qi and carried Du Wei.

Gargamel had no other choice but to also change into his humanoid form because he was responsible for holding Medusa.

“Goodbye, undying old fool!”

Finishing his word, Hussein walked away in big stride towards the south while carrying Du Wei. Although seriously injured, the strength of a Saint Knight could not be underestimated. While carrying Du Wei with one hand, the knight easily caught the penguin with his other as he passed by.

While carrying Medusa on his shoulders, Gargamel took one last glimpse at the old magician and asked this before departing: “Even though you didn’t say this, but I had already guessed this. Lord Gandalf, Magister…. I…..” (Magister is a title given to only those that have trained multiple high leveled wizards in their lifetime.)

“Say no more master Gargamel. Since you know my identity, then I’ll ask you for this one thing.”

“Please say it.”

“If you want to restore your body into that of a human, you will need to train your transformation magic up to the tenth level. So it’s for the best that you stay close to Du Wei.” The Old magician continued speaking in a calm tone: “You cannot go back to the magicians union. Only by Du Wei’s side will you survive in the human world. The magician’s union will not accept a magician that has disappeared from the records for so many years. Also, master Azrael won’t allow you to go back in order to avoid exposing the truth of what happened in the frozen forest!”

Gargamel had a complex look in his eyes, but then the mouse bent his body and performed a standard etiquette of the Roland continent.

“I am much honored. In my lifetime, I was able to travel so many days with the continent’s legendary Lord Magister Gandalf.”

With that, the mouse actually showed a near reverence look in his eyes. Bending down as he moved backwards to show his respect, Gargamel quickly left with the weakened state Medusa on his shoulders.

The circles of light with the strange symbols have already faded away from the stone statue. In its place, a violent surge of aura once against filled the Dragon and bursts of wind blew outward from its body!

Into the distance, dark clouds started to reform around the northern sky. But this time, it was even more violent and terrifying than the previous two times. The thickness of the clouds and pressure in the air was so violent and strong that it nearly touched the ground.

After being forcefully dispersed by brute force from the moves of several powerful experts, the magical storm that has gathered now was so fierce, it was unstoppable!

The wise eyes of the Old magician remained calm as he watched the petrified skin of the Gold Dragon return to normal. Instead of fear, he had a smile on his face when he saw the dark clouds in the horizon: “Oh old friend, although you can call upon the ‘Dragon God’s blessing’ to ward off any abnormal state, but according to my knowledge, the Dragon God’s blessing can only be used once every 100 years and consumes half of your strength! Even if you could recover from the petrified state, how much of your strength will you be left with after facing the oncoming storm and escaping back to the Holy Mountain?”

With that said, the number one ranked magician and last remaining Magister of the continent stood up. Patting away the bloodied dust off his robe, he started to laugh as he watched the raging storm over the horizon as it drew closer.

As a reply to the old magician’s mocking question, the Gold Dragon lets out a great ROAR.

In one booming rumble, all of the petrified skin fell off his body and what was left is a fully reformed looking Gold Dragon!

Not only were all the scales and injuries healed, the Gold Dragon’s body was also revitalized back into his peak state!

Dragon God’s blessing is indeed the Gold Dragon’s life insurance. Even in a state of near death, the Dragon god’s blessing will still take effect!

Holding his head high, the prideful Old Dragon didn’t seem the least bit caring about the oncoming storm coming their way. Shouting in an arrogant manner: “I don’t care about anything else; killing you now is my biggest wish! My old friend, I thought I can spare your life, but now I’ve changed my mind! You’re still going to block me? Human magic is naturally suppressed by Draconic magic! This law was set by the Gods! Unless you’re stronger than I am, your magic cannot go against me! Your strength is lower than mine, so you will only lose by using your human magic against me!”

“That’s correct.” The old magician slightly stooped his back to nod: “What you said is not wrong. The properties of human magic are naturally suppressed by Draconic magic, this law set by the gods is indeed correct. But I think I still have a way to delay you for a while! At least long enough to not let you catch up with my companions!”

With those words, the old magician began chanting some sort of strange language!

This is not of the human language, or any kind of known language for that matter. His words were more like a call or a cry……

“You, I can’t believe you came up with this idea!” The tone of the Gold Dragon’s voice changed at these words, but he was grinning as he spoke the next sentence: “You’re seeking death!”

“I am seeking death, but I’m sure I can delay you till the storm descends upon us!”

With that statement, Gandalf’s body suddenly expanded like a balloon. Inch by inch his skins started to tear apart and his bones started to undergo a quick but strange and dramatic change……

With a loud cry, the robe wearing mage known as Gandalf was nowhere to be seen! In its place was another Dragon facing the Gold Dragon in a standoff……

Although his size was much smaller than the Gold Dragon, but its claws, body, wings, and thick torso…. Was all red – This is a fire Dragon!

This is not some kind of human transformation magic, but rather another form of magic that has already disappeared from the Roland Continent for hundreds of years…..

Within the magic tier set by the Gods, this is the closest form of magic to the natural forces of nature….. Druid transformation!

“I know……” Red Dragon raises his head, looking at the Gold Dragon: “My magic can’t stand against you because of the magic tier set by the Gods. But if I transformed into a Dragon, I can at least delay you!”

Then in the language of the Dragons, Gandalf in his Red Dragon form actually started to use Draconic magic to form a series of notes around himself. Once dissipated by the wind, the notes turned into a mark and fell upon his body!

“The Golden rule!” The Gold Dragon was infuriated: “Why are you able to use the Dragons Golden rule!!! All you did was take on the form of a Dragon!”

“No, you’re wrong!” Red Dragon Growls: “My friend, I am a Druid! According to the Druid transformation spell, any specie a Druid takes on can enjoy all of the species law and their powers in life! This is also the specie tier level set by the Gods, did you forget?!!”

After a pause, Red Dragon continues slowly in a low voice: “According to the Golden rule set by the Dragon God, when facing the challenge of the same species, both parties are not allowed to use magic! The only weapon they can use is their natural Dragon strength to fight! What I said is not wrong is it? Oh respected Dragon chieftain!”

The Gold Dragon was speechless.

The Old magician lets out a roar: “Do you regret it now my friend?! You can’t disobey the Golden rule because if you did, your Dragon Lord Armor and Dragon God blessing will be recovered by the great Dragon God! This is the iron clad rule passed on for eons!”

With a roar, the old magician turned Red Dragon opens his wings and attacked the Gold Dragon!

With a terrible collision sound, the two high class animals ruthlessly mangled together. Abandoning all use of their Draconic magic, the two relied on their fearsome strength and claws to attack each other!

A Gold Dragon is indeed superior to all other kinds of Dragons. The old magician in his Red Dragon form was at a complete disadvantage the entire time.

The red scales covering his body were already bloodied and broken in many places; even his wings were brutally damaged by the Gold Dragon!

Despite everything, Gandalf desperately bit into the Gold Dragon’s neck, but it was no use. The sharp teethes of a Red Dragon was simply not enough to penetrate into the flesh of the Gold Dragon.

In an attempt to remove Gandalf from his body, the Gold Dragon violently writhed around hoping to fling him off. Despite the Gold Dragon’s effort, the big body of the Red Dragon was just like sticky candy, refusing to budge!

Finally, after a bloody and fierce battle in the cold, the Gold Dragon succeeded in suppressing the Red Dragon under his feet. Under the deadly biting force of the Gold Dragon on his neck, the life in Gandalf’s eyes started fading away.

“Die, foolish thing!!” With a twist of Gandalf’s neck, the Gold Dragon finished the deed and the body of the Red Dragon lay limp on the ground……

But Du Wei and the rest were already long gone, disappearing into the cover of the frozen forest…….

“Damn it! Damn you guys! Despicable humans!!! I will always remember this day!!!”

The Dragon Chief angrily growled, but the magical storm behind him was already closing in!

His raging howl did not travel far because the noise from the unstoppable storm coming his way had masked every other form of sound nearby…….

960 years after the founding of the Roland Empire, on the eve of the national day.

A shooting star appeared in the sky and was considered by everyone as a bad sign. What followed afterwards is the shattering of an important life stone in the Magician’s Union. The news of this individual’s death caused great grief among their ranks because the last great Magister, Lord Gandalf has sadly passed away.

This chain of news wasn’t widely spread yet. At the very least, a group in the north didn’t know this. Two human, one snake, and one mouse was currently struggling to walk through the frozen forest.

Their orientation is towards the South!

On the same day, the magicians union sent out an urgent order to every branch location on the continent using a teleportation circle. On the bottom of every order was a gold olive leaf symbol representing the authority of the president!

“Use everything in our power to search for the missing young master of the Rowling Household!”





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 106




Chapter 106 “Gandalf’s belonging”

Coming out of the Frozen Forest, Du Wei and his party are currently taking a rest in the Canyon that was recently returned to the Treant’s.

Originally comprised of several of the continents number one experts, this small team nearly met its end after a bloody and fierce battle on the forgotten ice field.

The Dragon chieftain, stationed at the highest point of the creature ranking roster set up by God is truly extraordinary. The team didn’t fare well even after combining the forces of a Saint Knight, a Magister mage, and a Medusa. They may have caused the dragon chieftain to use both of his trump cards in the end, but the price was a nearly disabled Saint Knight and an energy deprived Medusa.

The biggest loss in the party is undoubtedly the old fool known as the Continents number one mage and titled a legendary Magister. (Magister is a title given only to those that have trained several high leveled magicians in their lifetime)

Under such an outcome, the position of being the strongest within the party has now befallen Du Wei. By relying on such a meager level of strength to transverse the Frozen Forest is undoubtedly very dangerous. If the party was unlucky enough to encounter another high leveled magical beast in these conditions, the group would have likely been killed.

Fortunately, the Canyon provided a chance to breathe.

The Fountain of youth can treat any injuries. Although the side effect is the solidification of the person’s form, but Hussein is not someone that is cultivating any kind of transformation magic, so naturally he didn’t care.

The main problem lies in the fact that certain areas burned by the Gold Dragon were stubbornly resisting the healing effect of the Fountain of Youth. Most of Hussein’s injuries have already healed, but certain areas injured by the dragon’s breath weren’t so lucky…. Mainly his blinded left eye.

Originally, Hussein’s personality is that of extraordinary perseverance and patience. Despite such setbacks, the knight became even more resolute. Wrapping a cloth around his left eye, the knight seemed as though nothing was lost and continued to stay silent.

Just like Hussein, there was also Medusa. If not for Medusa coming out at the last moment and performing her iconic gaze to petrify the Gold Dragon, it was likely everyone here would not have made it thus far. If not for the waters from the Fountain of Youth, the energy depleted Medusa would have most likely degenerated into her snake form by now.

Unlike humans, a magical beast can only rely on their magic nucleus to slowly recover their energy.

Similarly, the knight’s physical body may have been mostly healed, but his Dou Qi is not so easily recovered.

Without other options, the group stayed in the Canyon Valley for ten days.

And in those ten days’ worth of time, Du Wei had not been idle.

After returning the Canyon to the Treant’s, the trees had nearly demolished the entire humble looking palace that had once belonged to Medusa. Luckily, a few of the rooms did survive the demolition. After picking out a few rooms for the others to rest, Du Wei locked himself inside the secret room where the “As time goes by” was located.

Gandalf has perished. This reality had shocked him greatly. On one hand, Du Wei was still inwardly resisting the so-called Aragon mission. However, in order to cover their escape, the old magician sacrificed his life. Knowing the old fool died for him, Du Wei couldn’t keep his heart calm.

Although he wasn’t too fond of the old guy, but in the end, he did gain a lot of benefit. Most of all, the old fool met his end because of him. No matter how he tried, Du Wei couldn’t hide the guilt in his heart.

These ten days, Du Wei locked himself in the dark room, but most of the time was used to carefully examine the belongings left to him by the old magician.

The bag left behind by Gandalf was in itself a magic item capable of mass storage. Searching inside, Du Wei found some metal or glass containers with different magic pharmacy ingredients. He is fully aware that the stuff from someone as amazing as Gandalf is far too valuable for him to fully grasp at this moment. But with the passing of time, Du Wei is confident he will be able to figure out the uses for all these ingredients:

More than 10 intermediate magic scrolls, but all of them were the things he cheated from Vivian. After all that has happened, they were back in his hands once again.

For someone with a life span of over 200 years old and titled as the strongest magician on the continent, there is no doubt the things stored inside the bag are special beyond compare. With a quick assessment, Du Wei could easily identify several useful magical equipment’s for him to use.

A wind cloak blessed with an intermediate wind spell and capable of free flight through the skies.

For someone of Du Wei’s level, conjuring up a wind spell is not a problem for him, but the energy consumption is simply too high. Now that he has got his hands on this cloak, flying through the air is a much more convenient task from now on.

The cloak may be amazing but it could only withstand the weight of a single person. So for someone of Gandalf’s level, it was simply easier to use his own magic to fly. It was likely this thing was more like a toy than a real tool to him.

A stealth hat.

Du Wei has yet to learn any invisibility spells, but wearing this hat will allow him to be hidden for a certain amount of time.

A bag containing large and small magical crystals of remarkable quality. These things are good materials for setting up magic arrays and circles.

And in the end, what surprised Du Wei the most was in fact a piece of parchment he pulled out. On it was actually the secrets to the natural art of Druid manipulation!

The other identity of Gandalf is in fact a Druid capable of manipulating other living creatures. Du Wei had already seen the old guy drive the snow dogs, call in a team of ice wolves, and even control an evil faced spider queen to be used as their mount. Du Wei couldn’t deny the fact that he was really interested in the Druids magic, but now that he is able to see the secret learning method in front of him……

A sudden sour feeling filled his heart. Instead of feeling excited, he couldn’t stop himself from remembering the time he spent with the old magician.

Admittedly, the old magician was somewhat harsh towards Du Wei and even going as far as to manipulate his body like a doll. But once they entered the frozen forest, the old magician had been wittingly or unwittingly helping him at every turn.

The first was the set of stars Dou Qi movement routine and the warmth spell during their camping nights. You need to understand, the old magician wasn’t willing to waste any of his energy in order to prepare for the trip through the forgotten ice field.

Then there was also the time when Du Wei tried to step in to stop the fight between Semel and Hussein. If not for the intervention by the old magician, Du Wei would have turned himself into a dried husk by rashly attempting the wheel of time magic.

Carefully putting away the parchment containing the learning method of the Druid manipulation spell, Du Wei then dug up the piece of artifact containing the words of Aragon….

But this time, Du Wei had an exceptionally nasty feeling towards the thing. With just one look, he wanted to shred the thing to pieces! In the end, he lets out a sigh after hesitating for a moment and carefully put the thing away.

It was when he was rolling the prophecy paper up, he noticed a remnant of the paper was falling down to the floor. Picking it up, Du Wei realized the paper was in fact a part of the prophecy parchment!

Could it be that he accidentally used too much force and broke the thing?

But with one look at the handwritten text, Du Wei was absolutely shocked inside his heart!

Because the line of text is something he had never seen!

“He’s going to get Medusa to swear allegiance to him and receive the help of the heavenly beast. In the end, he would find my legacy and pull out the king’s sword, then……”

The last time he looked at the prophecy, the contents only reached up to this point. According to Gandalf’s word, the rest of the prophecy was already gone thanks to the nibbling of a mouse inside the tomb.

He did not tell lies.

However, he kept one sentence hidden away and didn’t let Du Wei see it!

“And then….. He will get the belongings of the last Magister on the continent……”

These are the words of the residual paper. Whatever that came after is presumably eaten away by the mice,

But when Gandalf showed him the prophecy before, he tore off this sentence and hid it away!

Belongings……

His heart was surging with emotions right now….. Can it be that the old magician already knew he would perish?!

The continents last Magister…… Who else can it be other than Gandalf?

Thinking about this, Du Wei could not help but think back to all the language and details regarding the old guy. No matter how hard he tried to remember, he couldn’t recall the slightest hint of sorrow or exception in the way the old guy acted. Just thinking of the easygoing manner the old magician acted is enough to leave a sour taste in his heart.

He knew he was going to meet his death!?

Du Wei didn’t know how long he was in his stunned state, but he was quite upset afterwards. Putting away everything, he came across a letter in the mix!

“Dear Du Wei”

Thinking it over, Du Wei noticed there wasn’t any seal on the envelope. Also, the ink was quite fresh, indicating it wasn’t written all that long ago.

With mixed feelings and a frown, he tore open the envelope and saw that it was a will inside.

Yes, that’s right, a will.

“Dear Du Wei:

By the time when you open this letter, I should not be in this world……

Actually, right now I’m also very curious. I’ve guessed that this trip will be my final adventure of my life. However, the manner in which I would die is something I’m looking forward to……”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 107




Chapter 107 “return to the human world”

“Dear Du Wei:

By the time you open this letter, I’m no longer in this world……

Right now, I’m actually quite curious because I have already guessed this trip will be the final adventure of my life. As to what manner will I meet my end is something I’m looking forward to….

When I first found you, I already knew you were the destined person in the prophecy. You must understand, when we first met, I wasn’t very satisfied with you. Although you may be smart, but I found that your character lacked determination. You may not understand what burden you must carry in the future, but I am convinced that in order to accomplish great things, you must have a strong personality.

So along the way, I did not hold back and was even willing to discipline you. Maybe because of that, you must hate me now.

I may be dead now, but fortunately there is still Hussein by your side. He may have a bad temper, but patience and perseverance is what you lacked the most.

While your ability right now is not so great, but there is one point about you I do like. You are fully aware that in this world, respect is for the strong.

Also, you must be wondering why I didn’t leave behind any profound magic learning method or magic spells for you?

Believe me, after my assessment of you during our travels, I found that you are tricky enough to hide some of your powers, but I have already seen through your weaknesses.

Magic is not a game; it is profoundly deep and hard to learn. Your biggest weakness is that when you were little, you didn’t have an excellent teacher to guide you. As such, all of your knowledge regarding magic is solely based on your own groping of its meaning. Your knowledge may be rich, but you have never learned the basic theories in its entirety. No matter how gifted you may be, you won’t be able to appreciate the meaning behind the art of magic if your foundation is shaky.

With your family background, you shouldn’t have a problem asking someone in the magician’s union to be your teacher. Those individuals may have some skills and capabilities, but due to their opinions of those around them, they wouldn’t make good teachers. I’ve thought this over and over. Who would be best suited to be your teacher after I pass away? I fear that there is only one person in this world, but that person’s behavior cannot be considered good and they also have some unwanted connections with you. Using my relation with him, I believe that person wouldn’t refuse.

Remember this, after I die, on the month of June of this year during the night of the full moon, there is a small town called “Flying Horse”, 100 miles northwest of the capital. Outside the town, there is a mountain stream. Head there at midnight by yourself and make sure you don’t bring anyone with you! Then, using the green bottle I left you, light it up to create a green signal smoke. After that, there will be someone coming to meet you. The one to come meet you shall be your new teacher. His magic level is superb and not under me. The only problem is that he has an eccentric personality, so you must be careful.

Behind this letter, I used a stealth potion to write down the location of my mountain seclusion. The Stars Magic cultivation method is hidden there and the exact spot is also written down on the letter. Other than that, there is also the countless magic equipment’s I collected over my lifetime. Once you memorized what I wrote down, immediately burn this letter. You must always keep this in mind, unless you have reached the eighth level in magic, do not get the delusion that you can learn Stars Magic. It is profoundly deep and powerful. If your magic level is lacking, it will rebound against you. If you are unlucky, it will kill you. If you are lucky then your foundation will only become shaky, but then it will be difficult for you to achieve anything in the future.

My little disciple is still at the straw house on my mountain seclusion. Vivian’s background story is a sad one; I only hope that you can treat her well in the future.

Sincerely: Gandalf”

Flipping the letter around, Du Wei conjured up a small spell to reveal the contents. Dealing with the invisible ink wasn’t a difficult task for him because he was also very proficient in the art of magic pharmacy. After memorizing the content, Du Wei burned the letter like he was told.

It wasn’t known what was going through his mind after reading the letter, but Du Wei ended up spending another day in the dark room to collect more of the fountain water. Once that was done, he came out to meet his companions.

When his companion saw him this time around, the air on him has changed somewhat. He still had a babyish face, but the deep look on his expressions and the cold eyes he had were not suitable for his age.

Even Hussein also noticed the difference, so he couldn’t help but take a few extra glances at him.

“Is everybody’s injury mostly healed?” Du Wei smiled: “If we are ready, we should hit the road.”

Even though Medusa had her eyes closed, but it was her that understood him the most.

The beautiful yet cold snake said: “Human nature…… When one needs to face it, he will face it.”

Saying their farewells to the treant leader, the group crossed the Great Lakes and continued heading south.

Hussein’s Dou Qi has already recovered around forty to fifty percent and Medusa’s energy reserve has also recovered seventy to eighty percent. Adding in Gargamel and Du Wei to the mix, the group no longer had to fear any attacks from magical beasts. It’s just that they still didn’t know what ability the heavenly beast left by Aragon has…. On their travels, the fighting capacity of the penguin is almost zero.

Before leaving, Du Wei proposed his determination: “Since we have returned to the human world, there are several things to note. First is Hussein, although your strength is high, but you are now the most wanted criminal on the continent. If you don’t want to be endlessly pursued, it is for the best that you take on a new identity. The reason is because the temple has so many strong individuals; just the fatigue of beating all of them off is enough to knock us down.”

On this point, Hussein only snorted and didn’t raise any objections. Though the knight is extremely arrogant, but after his defeat at the hands of dragon chief, his temper has been quite calm lately.

With one of his eyes injured by the gold dragon, it is likely that it wouldn’t heal anytime soon. To make things simple, Hussein decided to put a leather patchwork over his injured eye and become a single eyed knight. Mixing this with his newly grown beard, the knight looked nothing like the handsome young man he once was. As a disguise, the knight left his armor behind in the Canyon and donned a new set of leather jackets with the sleeves torn off to show his muscles. The main reason he wanted to show his muscular arms off is because of the new northwestern tribal tattoos he got, this way it would be more convincing. As a final measure, Du Wei went out into the frozen forest and found some black dye for the knight and shaved off both sides of his hair. To match his disguise, Du Wei braided the middle section of Hussein’s hair to turn him into a genuine domestic warrior.

“And you…… Queen Medusa.” Du Wei sighed: “Now that you’ve decided to follow us into the human world, then I am afraid that your name has to change.”

This is obvious because otherwise, the public would be in a state of panic the moment someone calls out “Queen Medusa”.

“I’ve thought it through.” Medusa is truly worthy of being a monster of high intellect: “From Gargamel, I’ve heard of some ancient legends and stories in the past. Within them, there are some beautiful names I would like to use. So from now on, you may call me by the name of Nicole.”

“Very well then, Miss Nicole.” Du Wei smiles.

Strangely enough, after arranging everything, all of his companions agreed with his idea as if he was the most important person in the group. Not even the usually arrogant and prideful Hussein opposed.

Coming out of the frozen forest, the party headed South and came up to the Northern Storm Corps patrol defense line. It was also here where the old magician and he first entered the Frozen Forest.

But this time it was different, the numbers of defenders were three times than before and above the walls, hung a warrant with the portrait of the traitor Hussein!

The news of Hussein’s betrayal has already spread throughout the continent and the information on the Temple’s forces chasing him all the way into the Frozen Forest has caused great concern for the government. As a symbolic gesture, the officials had no choice but to reluctantly intervene and send out warrants to important location throughout the empire. As you can see, the forces at any stationed posts along the frozen forest were also heavily increased like the Northern Storm Corps. Although the average person can easily discern all of this as nothing but an act, but it was still necessary – You really can’t expect a mere hundred soldiers to be able to seize the number one knight on the continent, do you?

Within Gandalf’s possessions, there was still the letter of free passage that was signed by the previous emperor and magician’s union president. Though the order only lasts 100 years and has already expired, but luckily the soldiers managed to recognize Du Wei from before. So when he and his party came up to the soldiers, they naturally let him through! Just like the previous time, after Du Wei left with his party, the soldiers immediately sent out a message to the higher ups informing them the person with the letter of free passage has been located.

Afterwards, the group continued traveling south and came up to a town located on the edge of the frozen forest. This little detour was necessary because the funny thing right now is that none of them had any money. Du Wei did in fact brought along a bag of gold coins when he was first kidnapped, but the old magician had already used them all because of his bad spending habits.

Originally, the amount of magic nucleus he could use for exchanging wasn’t much. This was due to the fact that he gave away most of the spoils he earned during the trip with the snow wolf mercenary. Also in his mind, Du Wei thought it was too much of a waste to exchange some of the higher leveled goods in his possession. In the end, the amount of gold coins he managed to acquire wasn’t much.

After acquiring a machete for himself and four horses from a traveling mercenary, his pocket was already cleaned out.

Letting out a sigh, Du Wei wondered how he came to be in such a state. Back in his home, he had managed to start up his own business and can even be considered a rich man. But now, he has fallen into such a poor state.

So far they have been heading in the general south direction, but Du Wei has been leading them towards the Roland plain. In his heart, he missed his business greatly and there was also the violent Joanna he had asked to accompany his fleet. Counting up the days, the timing should be around now when they returned from sea. If he cannot get back in time, who knows what kind of trouble that violent Joanna would stir up.

Due to the winter weather of the North, the roads are slippery and unfit for carriage travel. The earliest they can expect to ride in a carriage is after traveling further south into warmer terrain.

Leaving the town on horseback, the group managed to travel half a day before they encountered the sounds of hoof beats coming from behind. Stopping his horse, Hussein turned around to have a look. In the distance, more than a hundred riders were coming their way and kicking up snow and debris along their path.

Unsettled by the fact that so many were traveling on this usually unused road, Du Wei frowned: “Could it be that Hussein’s whereabouts have been seen through?”

Sure enough, more than hundreds of riders are approaching them at a rapid pace. Both Du Wei and Hussein have keen senses, so they immediately saw that the two knights riding in the front were wearing a set of armor specially made for a Holy knight! And farther behind in the air, several white robed mages were giving chase with a wind attribute spell. It was obvious from the roaring winds caused by these certain individuals that they are extremely skilled!

Without waiting, Hussein had already put one of his hands on top of his scimitar hilt. With murderous eyes, the knight intends to wipe them all out if he were to be discovered!

Sharing four horses with several people and low priced horses at that, it was certain that they would be overtaken by the pursuers if they tried to flee. Du Wei exchanged a glance with Hussein and gave him a wink. Realizing his intent, the knight immediately got off his horse and readied himself for the imminent battle. With a Saint Knight and a legendary Medusa in their group, Du Wei wasn’t worried because he and Gargamel aren’t all that weak either.

But when the line of riders finally reached them, they didn’t stop and flew past Du Wei and Hussein like they weren’t even there. It would seem they are not here for them. Also, the people flying overhead weren’t genuine mages from the magician’s union. The white robes they wore were in fact the white clergy robes of the temple. With white hair, the fluctuating magic around each of these individuals indicated they are all very powerful people. As for the team of cavalry that was following closely behind, they were all low classed Holy knights except for the leading two that gave them a glance as they passed.

As soon as their party was left behind, Du Wei breathed a sigh of relief. He does not fear these people, but he is worried this will bring trouble to his family if his identity is revealed.

Seems like Hussein’s disguise has not been exposed, this is for the best.

Walking in front, Hussein whispered into his ear: “Those people are from the Saint Knight Platoon…. And the few that were flying above are from the temples Elder Platoon. From my assessment, they are not so tough.”

But when they got on their horses again and was about to leave, they could hear the galloping beat of horse running again!

And this time around, the beats were dense and thunderously loud. Listening closely, it was likely this time around there are thousands of riders coming their way!

Du Wei’s face turned pale the moment he turned to have a look. On the road, a band of Calvary was charging towards them with immense speed. Even at the pace they were moving at, the formation of the Calvary band was neat and tidy. The aura they were giving off is that of a well-trained army of the empire ready for war!

Even from a distance, Du Wei could hear someone shouting towards them with magic:

“The people in front please hold! Is the young master of the Rowling family here?!”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 108




Chapter 108 “On the way to the South”

Of this thousand strong Calvary, each and every one of these riders rode a magnificent breed of horse from the Northern region.

What’s more, the qualities of their armors were much more sophisticated and totally different from the local garrisons. With bright armors and a long white plume hanging from their helmets, each of these riders had a long sword and bow strapped to the side of their horse.

No matter what, Du Wei is after all from a long family line of military officials. With a simple glance at the fluttering gray cloaks on each of the riders back, he could discern the Calvary brigade coming their way was the elites of the Northern Storm Corps Army.

A chorus of calls came from the pursuing Calvary: “The people in front, is the young master Du Wei of the Rowling family there?” Du Wei’s heart jumped at his words, but after thinking it over for a moment, he decided not to reply right away.

It didn’t take long for the Calvary brigade to arrive before them.

Clearly, these troops were well trained. Even with a thousand men and horses, they managed to easily stop in front of Du Wei with a single halting command. Their formations were neat and quiet; an obvious sign the riders had a firm grasping control on their mount.

“Who is young master Du Wei?” With this inquiry, the leader of the thousand strong Calvary brigade stepped forward while still on his mount. Donning a bright silver armor, this bearded person was clearly different from the rest of the riders behind him.

As his red cloak flutter in the cold frigid wind, the knight looked ever more so awe inspiring than he should be. And from the corner of Du Wei’s eyes, he managed to notice a genuine sixth level knight badge that could only be obtained from the knight’s association.

For someone of such caliber in the military, this person must be a senior military officer. With a sword hanging from his side, the knight slowly rode his horse up to Du Wei in a polite manner.

In a soft tone: “Excuse me, which of you here is master Du Wei?”

Du Wei didn’t know whether these pursuing troops came with good will or ill intent. Just when he is hesitating in his reply, another person came out from behind.

Unlike the rest, this person wasn’t wearing any armor. Instead, he was completely gray in color from top to bottom. Not only was his robe and pointed hat, gray, even his beard and eyes were also gray in color. With a sixth level magician’s badge hanging from his chest, this old fella was someone that Du Wei has met before. Sure enough, with a sweeping glance, his sight fell on Du Wei the moment he saw him. With a cold smile, he got off his horse and said: “Long time no see Du Wei.”

“The last time I saw you, you were only this tall.” Thinking it over, Du Wei immediately recognized who this magician is. This guy is none other than mage Clark, the famous magician that his father requested to come take him on as his apprentice when he was still a child. It was also mage Clark that informed him of the fact that he was unfit to be a magician. After testing him, Du Wei was told that his magical talent was good, but his senses were extremely bad. For that, Du Wei would never forget this odd looking guy.

So after recognizing this weird person, Du Wei was somewhat surprised at the situation: “You are mage Clark? I know who you are, but……”

“It’s good that I found you.” Clark was laughing with satisfaction: “You know, the magician’s union and imperial army has been searching for you ever since you left home!”

Others may not know this, but the magician’s union did. The reason they were able to locate Du Wei is because of the order of free passage given to him by Gandalf. When the Northern Storm Corps sent news of someone crossing into the frozen forest with the order of free passage, the magician’s union naturally knew it could be none other than Gandalf himself.

Gandalf’s status in the magic community is beyond compare. Even when the old fool kidnapped Du Wei, the Rowling family and the military were too afraid to raise a fuss; this of course included the magician’s union. Thus, when the news of their whereabouts spread back to the capital, everyone had the general idea that the two had entered the frozen forest. So when Gandalf’s life stone shattered on the eve of the founding day, the magician’s union was absolutely shocked and mobilized all their forces to search for the last person to have been by his side. And as to why Mage Clark is here of all places, it was due to the fact that he was the only one that has met Du Wei personally in the magician’s union.

Of course, the Rowling family wouldn’t just sit on the sideline either after seeing the magician’s union taking the initiative to help. Using their influence within the military, the Rowling family tasked the Northern Storm Corps army to lend a helping hand. So when Mage Clark arrived in the north, the first thing he did was make contact with the Northern Storm Corps army.

As such, when news spread of Du Wei leaving the frozen forest, the leader of the northern army deliberately sent his personal guards so that he can gain the favor of the Rowling family. This way, the pursuers were able to catch up to them in time.

With such an outcome, Clark was inwardly overjoyed because the president made it explicitly clear that it is absolutely crucial to locate the kid. With a task force of three level six mages and two level four mages, he was given leadership due to the fact that he was the only one capable of recognizing Du Wei. If he were to somehow fail in his task, it would leave a great black mark on his future prospect. But with the task complete, Clark can expect to be rewarded the moment he returns. If he was lucky, he may even get a promotion on his magic rank!

Seeing the other party had malicious intent and was also not a part of the temple, Du Wei finally breathed a sigh of relief because it seems like they really are only here to search for him.

Understanding the situation, Hussein also relaxed and moved his hands away from his scimitar. As a saint knight, Hussein is capable of hiding his true strength and unless someone of similar strength is nearby, no one would be able to see through him. Without a hint of his powers leaking, the knight turned slightly and backed away.

With a smile, Du Wei said: “For it to be master Clark, never would I have imagined my leaving would alert both the magician’s union and the military.”

At this moment, Clark’s mood was very good and even his usually dull gray eyes seemed to gleam with light. Pointing towards the red cloaked senior officer, Clark spoke with a smile: “This is general Andrei, titled number one warrior of the Northlands. He is also a part of the elite Calvary of general Rostock, leader of the Northern Storm Corps Army. Without his help, I fear that I would not be able to find you so easily.”

With a bearded and mighty looking face, General Andrei lets out a “hahaha” laugh at this comment. Still sitting on top of his mount, Andrei nodded and spoke in a loud voice: “Mage Clark is too polite! General Raymond and our army leader are old friends. In order to find young master Du Wei, our northern storm army would naturally lend a helping hand. Master Du Wei, forgive me for not dismounting to pay my respect because army rules forbid me from dismounting outside of camp!”

Hearing this Du Wei smiled and spoke a few kind words in return.

Afterwards, Andrei spoke in a loud voice again: “To be able to locate Master Du Wei, I believe my orders have been completed. Master Clark, I will escort you people another hundred miles down south, but that is our limit. Unless we receive an imperial high command, our northern storm army cannot make our way to the south!”

Before Clark came to the north, the President of the magicians union tasked him with many questions that needed to be answered. But seeing the situation, he believed this wasn’t the right place to do this. Nodding, Clark did not raise any objection.

With Clark’s agreement, General Andrei ordered several horses to be surrendered to them so they can be escorted. Along with the several mages Clark brought with him, everyone headed south.

The Northern Storm corps truly deserves its reputation of being one of the strongest armies in the empire. In a short period of time, the promised hundred miles were easily crossed and now they stood in front of the city of Kolo. After exchanging a few words with the local garrison, the job of escorting Du Wei and his party now fell on the local forces. Seeing his job is now finished, General Andrei bid his farewell and headed back towards the north.

As the eldest son of Earl Raymond, they would naturally receive high level reception from the local garrison. Add to this, Mage Clark is the envoy sent out by the magician’s union, there is absolutely no way the local government wouldn’t take notice. Upon entry into the city, the local forces immediately organized 300 soldiers to escort and guard these important guests.

Under the request of Du Wei, they were not stationed in the city keep; instead, they were guided to a local inn. As a precaution, the local forces ordered the inn to close its doors to future customers in order to avoid having these important guests harassed by random people. For this reason, the boss of the inn secretly cried tears of blood.

On their travels, Clark secretly assessed Du Wei and his companions. In his observation, Du Wei seemed to have grown a lot. Although Du Wei’s age is not even 14, the atmosphere of a child could no longer be seen on his face.

The reason for this is because Du Wei spent a good deal of time in the frozen forest and the people surrounding him so far have all been abnormally powerful experts of the continent. With all these experiences, Du Wei would naturally become more composed and create an aura of mystery around himself. Although Clark knows about the idiotic title given to Du Wei by those in the imperial capital, but Clark did after all almost become Du Wei’s teacher, so he naturally knew he wasn’t an idiot. Now that Clark has seen Du Wei again, he could not help but feel this youngster was not as simple as he may seem.

Also, there are the people around him.

In Clark’s eyes, Hussein is only a third or fourth level knight based on the strength he is giving off. Even though Hussein didn’t speak a word, the killing intent extruding from his body could not be hidden. And to Clark’s surprise, there is also the stunningly beautiful Medusa.

The feeling Clark was getting from these two men and woman is that they are looking towards Du Wei as the backbone of their group. This idea was staggering to him. So along the way, he asked Du Wei what was the origin of Hussein and Medusa, but Du Wei only told him some nonsense that they are his mercenary friends.

In Clark’s mind, he can put up with the idea of Hussein being a mercenary, but Medusa…. In order to survive in the frozen forest, every individual must have a certain level of strength. So how can such a surprising beauty with a frail looking body be a mercenary? Not to mention this woman always had her eyes closed!

After his inquiry, Clark got even more questions he wanted answers to.

It wasn’t until the evening that Clark manages to reorganize his thoughts. Readying himself, he was waiting for a good opportunity to question Du Wei regarding the death of Lord Magister Gandalf.

Just when everyone finished resting and was about to have dinner, a loud ruckus could be heard from outside the inn. These intruders clearly had strong backing because the local garrison had already sealed the inn with 300 soldiers standing guard outside. Yet, they sounded like they are going to force their way in no matter what.

Outside the inn, Du Wei could hear angry shouts: “How dare you! You have the nerve to block even the knights of the temple? This city only has this single good inn, so do you dare make the envoys of the temple sleep in the wilderness? Even if your city governor is here, he wouldn’t dare! Now quick, step aside, we are on an important task from the temple! Once we have dinner here, we will continue our journey through the night!”

These words piqued Du Wei’s interest. Looking out, he immutably heard a loud thud and a local soldier was sent flying through the entrance door. Afterwards, the trampling sound of boots followed suit. From the entrance, several holy knights strode through the door and had a scanned the surroundings. “This is the best inn in the town? From the looks of it, this inn isn’t much. If it was just you and me, spending the night in the wilderness isn’t much since we have already given ourselves to God. But the elders are people of great importance, so how can we live in such a place…”

The other Knight whispered, “Enough. Look at the local garrison forces, some important character must be living here. You and I are followers of God, we mustn’t cause trouble. When will you change your hot headed temper? The elders are all people of intensive training, so why would they care about such things. Quickly go get some people to clean out a few rooms, we are staying here tonight.”

Du Wei and Clark is just sitting there and accompanying them was a local officer. This officer was just a third level knight, so to be able to receive such prestigious guests; he was feeling ecstatic at the moment. The entire time, this person tried his best to make their stay as comfortable as possible. Now that he’s seeing someone suddenly barging in, the officer banged the table hard with his fist and shouted: “Who dare barge in here! This place is already expropriated by the local garrison.”

With one look, Du Wei immediately recognized these Holy Paladins were part of the same group he met earlier. He never did have any good feelings towards the temple and because of his relationship with Hussein; his opinion regarding the temple went even lower. Seeing that a conflict is about to break out, he didn’t say anything and was rather happy at the knight’s misfortune.

With a glance next to himself, Du Wei noticed Master Clark had a sneer on his face too! EH? Somewhat shocked, it would seem the magician’s union wasn’t on good terms with the temple either……



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 110




Chapter 110 “Benefit of Playing Dumb”

Within the closely guarded inn of the City of Colo, one of the rooms inside were closely guarded by several magicians that had come from the capital’s magician’s union. Moreover, the several magicians standing outside the doorway even put up a noise cancellation spell. This way, no trace of the conversation happening inside could be heard from the outside.

Inside the room, Du Wei sat on the opposite end of Clark because the gray bearded magician is currently staring at him with eyes full of suspicion.

Despite this, Du Wei’s face looked relaxed and even picked up a cup of black tea to sip. In the northern region, tea can be considered rare and hard to come by. So without a doubt, these tea leaves must have been transported here through trading caravans from the south. The only problem is that after air drying and long periods of travel time, the taste of the tea would inevitably degrade once it got here.

Du Wei was feeling good right now, but Clark on the other hand is feeling somewhat difficult after hearing the story from Du Wei’s mouth: “What you say is true?”

Du Wei immediately stiffened his face and spoke sternly: “Master Clark, you are a man of great capacity. Even though you are gifted with the title of a mage, but you cannot unjustly question the honest character of a gentleman! Every word I said is to be true, I’ll swear to the great Goddess of light!”

Clark is somewhat fidgety, but after seeing Du Wei’s stern expression…… He can’t simply be angry at a little child now can he? After all, he is a famous Grand Mage.

However, what Du Wei said may be too……

For the last great Magister and famed as the strongest magician on the continent, to be killed after being besieged by several magical beasts from the frozen forest?

Who would believe such a thing?

Is there even a magical beast on the continent capable of killing Master Gandalf? Unless it is a dragon or a heavenly beast, then that’s more like it!

“It is what it is.” Du Wei looked emotional: “He promised to take me traveling through the frozen forest, hoping I could grow a little more insight and hone myself a bit. But who would have thought the frozen forest is so menacing. In the end, we were ambushed by a pack of wolf kings! Cornered, teacher released his mighty powers and finally managed to kill them all. Unfortunately, we ended up encountering another evil faced spider queen in the north. With all of his energy depleted, teacher used the last option he had left, and that was using his life to take out his foe…….”

“You say ‘teacher’?” Clark noticed something wrong in the way Du Wei was speaking!

“Yes.” Du Wei continued to knit bad lies: “A month ago when he came to the Roland Plains, teacher and I hit it off right away. He said I’m talented and accepted me as his closed door disciple. This is absolutely not a fake!”

“Accepted…… Disciple?” Clark has begun to sweat.

Who is Gandalf? He is the continents last Magister!

A Magister is not a magician ranking within the ten magic rankings. Even if one were to reach the tenth level in magic, they can’t be called a Magister.

In a sense, the title of Magister is not a standard to measure someone’s magical strength. But rather, it is an honor or qualification.

According to the Roland Continent’s magic system, only those that have taught over two disciples at the eighth level can be considered qualified to be called a Magister. However, only those that have tutored their disciples up to the ninth level can they be called a Magister.

This is equivalent to a university professor.

Of course, if one can tutor a disciple up to the ninth level, then it goes without saying that the teacher’s true strength is above them all.

To be accepted as a disciple of Master Gandalf. What kind of concept is that?

In fact, based on Gandalf’s status and seniority, he did not accept many disciples in his 260 year life span. However, if you were to randomly pick one out the group, they would always eventually become famed and distinctly powerful individuals of the continent!

Even the former and current president of the Magician’s Union is Gandalf’s apprentice! This way, Du Wei and their seniority are the same…… Now what is that?

Thinking this through, wouldn’t Du Wei and the President be from the same generation?

And let’s not forget the monstrous old magicians within the magician’s union. All of those monsters are also students of Gandalf. With the sudden turn of events, Du Wei had suddenly become their little junior……

Swallowing his saliva, Clark unconsciously straightened his back as he spoke: “So….. You…… Hmm, Sir, has been accepted by Master Gandalf as his inner disciple?”

“That’s correct.” Du Wei’s calm tone is truly like eating Bok Choy when it came to lying.

From the information he managed to piece together after being questioned by Clark, Du Wei somehow figured out the relationship between the magician’s Union and Gandalf. If his conclusion came out to be negative, Du Wei would have pushed his relation clean with Gandalf. However, the information he got so far has been quite positive.

The numbers of Gandalf’s disciple still living in the magician’s union are about three. Each and every one of these old monsters is around 200 years old. Also, their true strength is no less than the ninth level in magic. Even the current president of the union must show some face in their present.

And the most recent news of Gandalf accepting a new disciple was a few years ago. That year, Gandalf brought with him a little stuttering girl (Vivian) to participate in the magic assessment. As a result, the bunch of old guys there nearly mopped the floor with their jaws because they were so shocked that a little girl of her age is already at the eighth level!

However, this matter was classified as a secret. If not for the relationship between the mission and Master Gandalf, Clark would never have been cleared for this information.

Clark is after all someone from the capital; he wouldn’t so easily believe everything Du Wei said. Continuing, Clark questioned Du Wei a bit more.

“Dear Du Wei.” Clark coughs once and his manner of speaking was much more polite. With his status as a magician, Clark would never have shown such courtesy towards a regular person, even if that person is someone from a prestigious family like Du Wei. However, it is another matter now that Du Wei has somehow connected himself with the famed Master Gandalf: “Just so you know this matter is very serious. I have to find out the details and then report it back to the Union. Once that is complete, we can then clarify your identity and a formal recognition will be granted by the union…… Ugh, first of all, when you first saw Master Gandalf, how did he accept you as his apprentice?”

Du Wei grabbed an apple on the table before him and ruthlessly took a bite before speaking in a normal expression:

“Ah, this is how. The first time teacher saw me; he shouted towards me and said ‘boy, I see your bone structure is excellent and can only be found once in a million individuals. You are perfect in practicing magic! As a present for our meeting, here are a few basic magic books for you. From now on, the burden of maintaining world peace and fighting off villains will be handed to you.”

Clark: “……”

Looking at the big mouthed chewing an Apple Du Wei; Clark suddenly had a feeling of wanting to laugh and cry because he is currently faced with a child not even at the age of 14 and listening to his outlandish and childish stories.

However, the big problem lies in whether Du Wei is truly Gandalf’s disciple.

Continuing, Clark carefully questioned Du Wei a few more times. Unfortunately for Clark, this time Du Wei only vaguely addressed the questions and started to act like a foolish child. The answers he got were either he did not know, or he can’t remember.

Anyways, Gandalf is after all a legendary figure. For such an amazing person to want such a young child to be his disciple, then they would of course have their own ways of thinking. So how could a small child understand the reasoning behind this? – This is a perfect excuse. Du Wei found that his age was a very good defense because a child is born with the right to play the fool; after all, who can anyone take a young child seriously?

After spending half a day like this, Clark may have been befuddled by what he learned so far, but the old guy still believed Du Wei’s story up to ninety to eighty percent.

Clark had long known about Du Wei and had personally tested his talent at an early age. Despite the fact that his innate magic is superior to others, but his poor sense of the elements in the surrounding hindered him from learning magic. Also, from the recorded feedbacks, Du Wei is only a young master capable of pulling off pranks before he was taken away by Master Gandalf.

But now, Clark could clearly see the power of magic in Du Wei! When dealing with the two Holy Knights, Du Wei promptly shot out two fireballs in one breath. That cannot be questioned! And the way he released those fireballs, his movements looked well-honed and not something he learned recently.

Firing off two fireballs in one breath, Clark can also do it himself. But the ability for instant incantation, he couldn’t do it. To be able to train such an untalented boy to such an extent within the short period of time, it was likely on this continent, only Lord Gandalf is capable of such a feat!

You need to know, when Vivian passed through the eighth level assessment that year, a live sample was set in front of everyone!

If not Gandalf, who else would have the ability to turn a rock into a diamond?

Certain of the point that Du Wei is really Gandalf’s disciple, Clark no longer dared to say anything else. After all, if this fact is verified, just considering the status and not his strength, Du Wei would still be two or three generations above him.



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 111




Chapter 111 “Good”

With his suspicion cleared, Clark quickly went outside and tasked another mage to courier a letter to a nearby city. This way, he could take advantage of the teleportation circle in one of the branches and deliver the message to the capital at the fastest speed possible.

Even though the issue of how Master Gandalf perished still needs to be pursued, but no matter what, the person is already dead. To be able to find one of his successor and a ‘genius’ to boot, this can be considered a great achievement already.

The next morning, Du Wei headed out while being surrounded by all of the great magicians. (This time around, their attitude would naturally be different.) But Unlike before, the numbers of people in the group once again increased by one.

The garrison army officer knows that he have sinned greatly by going against the Holy Knights, but luckily for him, Du Wei is willing to take him in.

For the young master of the great military family to want someone, the garrison army wouldn’t dare disobey. Not to mention it is only a lowly third level warrior. Paperwork and procedure may take some time, but everything can be followed up later.

This third level Knight can be said to have hit the jackpot, even the commander of the garrison army came to bid his farewell. Of course, there is a reason for his appearance. When the officer reaches the Roland Plains, the garrison commander hopes his former subordinate would put in a few words to the Rowling household. This way, there might be a chance for the commanding department to be a bit more lenient when it came to issuing supplies and equipment in the future.

Speaking of the officer, he only told Du Wei his name is called George when asked. As to what his last name was, the officer actually said he didn’t know. The reasoning behind this is because he was always an orphan. A few years ago, he secretly faked his age when the army was conscripting soldiers. Fortunately, his talent was good. By practicing only the martial Dou Qi techniques taught by the army, he was able to advance into the third level. However, due to the fact that he was never truly tutored by anyone with skills, he was never able to advance any further. Even his current name was given to him by an old senior officer at the time.

“I have no surname. Since I’m following Master Du Wei from now, I might as well go with the surname Rowling.” George thought the idea was beautiful, but Du Wei shook his head: “I don’t have any problem with this, but the Rowling family tree is closely guarded. To let an outsider into the family, it wouldn’t be proper.”

Just when George seemed disappointed, the several officers that came to show their goodwill made some mocking remarks: “This kid always eats a lot and randomly bursts out farts. For that, you might as well call him ‘George bursts’!”

George was infuriated. Staring at some of his former colleagues, he scolded: “Nonsense! You still dare talk bullshit in front of Master Du Wei!”

The garrison commander also inwardly hated the vulgarity of his subordinates because their actions have shamed him somewhat in front of the other party. In order to save face, the commander quickly followed up and said: “I think in this case, the word ‘bursts’ is indecent as well…… To make it simple, we can use the same note and call him Bush instead.”

As such, the poor pitiful name of this knight is set and done.

George Bush.

(I know, I know. The author loves doing this……)

Upon hearing this name, Du Wei was stunned beyond reason. Looking up and down at his new men, he realized this person really does look similar to the world famous George Bush from his previous world. The more he looked, the more his body itched because evil thoughts were quickly building up in his mind.

The officer is after all clever person. Noticing the look he was receiving from his new master, George feared the meaning behind those eyes. As a way of self-preservation, he quickly issued the next sentence: “Since young master dislike this name, it would be better to change it.”

“No need, do not change!” Du Wei immediately laughed: “From now on, you will be called George Bush! If you give birth to a son, you should just call him Bush Junior!”

Thinking about his past, Du Wei always disliked George Bush and wanted to give him a pleasant beating. Who would have thought in the present, he would get a subordinate like that? From now he would have plenty of opportunity. Yes, that’s right, plenty of chances……

The more he thought about it, the more satisfied he was. For that reason, Du Wei started to pat his new subordinate on the shoulder.

Originally, George was inwardly worried, but after seeing how happy his new master was, he could finally let out a sigh of relief. Furthermore, after being patted on the shoulder, even his bones felt lighter as he smiled.

After listening to a series of good words from those that came to bid them farewell, Du Wei and his companions were escorted down south with a handpicked team of Calvary riders. Furthermore, in order to curry even more favor from Du Wei, the garrison commander even gifted them with a good carriage for them to use.

Du Wei would of course accept the gifts. However, he did not ride in the carriage alone. Sitting inside the carriage with him were Hussein and Nicole (Medusa).

From public opinion, this Rowling young master is obviously more affectionate towards this mercenary. With a simple glance at Hussein’s eyes, all of them could tell this person was different from the rest.

As for Nicole… A woman so beautiful, yet delicate and graceful – she is most likely Du Wei’s woman. Although Master Du Wei is only at the tender age of 14, but it is not uncommon for the children of the rich nobilities to have a few women’s at this age.

Du Wei did not care much about what others thought of this, and just like that, he headed south while being under the protection of the several mages and Calvary riders.

Traveling down south in this manner, the scenery was much more comfortable compared to how he was dragged away from his home and into the north. After several days on the road, the weather changed from a bitter cold to a warmer climate. Looking back and forth, he could see all of those around him treated him with respect and care. Thinking on this, he couldn’t help but recall the miserable times when he was first kidnapped by Gandalf and the part about how the old fool died for him. Outwardly, Du Wei may say that he disliked the old fool, but he did miss the guy in his heart.

With the passing of five nights, a group of cavalry riders could be seen coming towards them from afar. This group of soldiers is in fact the private army of the Rowling household and leading them was none other than Knight Robert.

Once Robert received his orders, he immediately took charge of 300 light cavalry and headed north. Now that he has finally met up with the young master, he would of course be overjoyed.

In this manner, they spent another half a month on the road to finally reach the Emerald River. Once they have passed the Emerald River, then they can truly say they have reached home.

It is here, the several wizards that have accompanied Du Wei so far said their farewells. As parting words, Clark made it clear that in a few days, the president of the magician’s union will definitely make a visit.

Originally, the magicians from the union intended to bring Du Wei back to the capital with them.

But at the present, Du Wei’s identity is now a closed door disciple of Gandalf. With this, the situation is different, even the president has to revere him…… Otherwise, if they somehow offended Du Wei, the old disciples of Gandalf still alive inside the union will not let the matter slide so easily.

Therefore, a temporary order came in at the last minute to leave Du Wei alone and not bring him back to the capital. However, a secret order came in from the president that Clark and his peers must keep the young master safe at all costs.

Left with only people he trusted, Du Wei could finally let out a breath of relief. This of course applied to Hussein also because he could finally leave the carriage.

Robert is person of not many words. While loyal to Du Wei, he did not ask anything unnecessary.

With the crossing of the Emerald River (that is the Roland River); they have come to the Roland Plains. Seeing the cheering soldiers that have come to welcome him home, this kind of reception is truly different compared to when he was first banished to this place. Continuing like this, they headed back to the Rowling castle in his hometown.

Upon arrival, the attitude of old butler Sier was much more polite than before. Bowing in his greeting, the old butler did not dare say anything unnecessary. Just like that, Du Wei headed into his room to take a bath and had several servants’ help him put on a new set of clothing. With a fresh face, Du Wei now looked quite handsome and young.

Once that was finished, he sent down orders to make arrangements for Hussein to live in the manor behind the castle. (This was the manor where he researched the hot air balloon.) This area was off limits to everyone. As for Nicole, he made special arrangements in the castle for her and specifically ordered a layer of drape to shield her as insurance. If by the odd chance she opened her eyes and petrified someone by mistake, then that would be a big mess.

As soon as Du Wei was out of his room, he could see Marde rushing towards him and plopping himself onto the floor as he cried against his leg: “My young master! I am your loyal servant, Marde! These days, I missed you every day, I was afraid you might have met with an accident outside…… ”

Seeing the funny looking act of the crying Marde, Du Wei laughed loudly and gently kicked him: “How are you these days? I have eaten a lot of suffering in the North. While you were at home, you must have passed your days really well, right?”

Marde is after all the person that has watched Du Wei grow up, so their relationship is of course not normal. Without hiding feelings, he wiped away his tears and smiled: “I have carefully watched over the business young master left behind. While you were gone, I was somewhat discouraged and slacked off a bit, but the money it earned really is a lot! The league you came up with managed to earn tens of thousands of gold within just a month. Moreover, when I was instructed to send the fireworks to her mistress’s birthday, it was able to steal the spotlight really fast! It is just that the lady misses you a lot. After I explained how you spent tremendous effort to come up with the fireworks, the lady was overjoyed, but that night she ended up crying for a long time…”

After listening, Du Wei’s face darkened because his feelings toward the Earls wife are not shallow. In this world, the first person to treat him with true kindness is this mother. Thinking it over a bit, Du Wei said: “Very well, let’s leave this topic for now. However, the days of us staying here won’t be long. The ruckus caused by my leaving this time is not small; I fear that father would soon call me back to the capital. Once I see mother again, we can make her happy then.”

After finishing his words, Du Wei returned to the study room was about to have Marde give him a report about all the finance that occurred this month. Yet, it was at this moment old butler Sier came rushing in.

“Young Master, someone came to offer gifts and they said it is only meant for you!”

Struck with a thought, Du Wei immediately ordered others to follow him outside. When he came out of the castle, he could already see a line of carriages waiting and his servants unloading the cargo.

Looking to the front, the carriage leading all of them was made of gold and the symbol of the Lister family household was imprinted on it!

From there, a well-dressed middle aged man saw Du Wei and hurriedly walked over to salute him. Then, with a respectful tone, this middle aged man said: “This must be Master Du Wei! From the orders of Marquise of Lister, I have come to bring gifts. Mistress said, the debt of saving her life must be repaid eventually. Since the summer Memorial Day is fast approaching, we have brought along these small tokens of thanks for now. Please do accept them young master!”

With that said, the middle aged man passed over a list of all the gifts to Du Wei. With just a glance, he could not help but be startled by the content!

This Marquise of Lister really is wealthy. With only these small tokens of thanks, it was able to move the hearts of the old butler beside Du Wei!

100 war horses and are all stallions! Two cars full of furs produced from the magical beasts of the frozen forest! In addition, there are plenty of products from overseas because the mother’s side of the Lister family is a famous wealthy merchant family. In the past couple of generations, all of their members have specialized in overseas trading, As such, within the gifts there are plenty of pearls and corals from the high sea! Let’s not mention the fact that there are over four pairs of the highest quality coral, just one pair is worth over tens of thousands of gold in the open market.

Somehow, they even heard of the fact that Du Wei delved deeply into magical plants, so they included some rare and valuable seedlings!

Also, there was a magic infused plated armor bought at a high price within the gifts. In the open market, the value is worth at least fifty to sixty thousand gold! With just a glance, Du Wei immediately sent it to the manor behind the castle. Du Wei could only consider this to be Hussein’s luck.

Lastly, the dagger they brought out is only half a meter long, but he could tell with one look that it was crafted with high quality steel. Most importantly, the edges of the blade were extruding a silvery air. The discoloration is a clear sign that the blade had added in the extremely rare ore, Mithril!

Mithril is a material that even mages coveted because it was so hard to come by. Unlike all other natural metals, Mithril is the only metal ore in the world that is capable of being blessed with magic! Generally, a magic weapon is created by inlaying a magical gemstone somewhere onto the weapon and blessing the stone with magic. Compared to a true magic infused Mithril weapon, the strength is higher by a hundredfold.

Mithril is not something money can buy on the market. Even with a 100,000 gold coins, the most you can buy is something the size of an egg.

So a dagger mixed with Mithril is something Du Wei naturally matched. Once he learned a bit more magic, he can start infusing magic energy in his dagger!

Such a precious gift, Du Wei felt somewhat ashamed in his heart. But just when he was about to speak, the man from the Lister household said: “The Marquise said Master Du Wei must not refuse her gifts. If I go back after you refuse, I cannot explain such a thing. Also, her lady-ship will be sad if you do. While the Marquise is still unwell right now, but her lady-ship said she must come visit young master once she is able to.”

After a pause, this man continued speaking: “Lady also said, young master is still young, so you must be interested in new and interesting things. If the young master has any requests from now on, you can seek out any of our branches in the south. As long as you let them know of your name, the Lister household will do everything in their power to help you!”

With that, the man bowed and left with his men and empty carts.

The face of old butler Sier has already turned pale as he stood next to Du Wei. The reason is because the gifts from the Lister household could easily match the entire income of the whole Rowling household for half a year. God knows what the young master did to be able to have so much face in front of the famed Marquise of Lister.

Just when Du Wei was about to turn around and go back into the castle, another subordinate came to report that someone from the magician’s union have come bearing gifts.

It is no small matter in how surprised the old butler was. It’s one thing for nobles give gifts to each other, but a gift from a wizard is totally different!

Usually nobilities have to offer immense gifts to win the favor a wizard, but even then, it is not certain the other party would be willing to help. So where in the world would someone see a wizard turn around and offer gifts instead?

Once the branch office in the Rowling Plain received the command from the imperial capital and found out Du Wei is a disciple of Master Gandalf, they immediately sent over a batch of high quality magic materials.

Ten Hawkweed jewel is the best thing for wind attribute magicians.

100 Fine Ruby are valuable fire magic tools.

Black Crystal, 20 pieces.

Fine magic crystal, 100 shards.

Other colored Crystal were also numerous.

In addition, there is also a small amount of other things used for tools or props.

Finally, there is also a good century year’s old Hickory wood, but most importantly, it was the first sprout when it was picked. Also, there were plenty of alchemic materials used for wand making!

Du Wei was beaming with joy in his eyes and accepted them all. Ordering his servants, he had them all sent to the small wooden building he built behind the castle.

The mage the union sent was a fourth level magician. Once he said a few kind words, he left right away.

Old Butler Sier was shocked in his heart because he did not know what kind of big event this young master has done to be able to cause the mages union and the Lister household to come currying favor!

Ignoring Sier, Du Wei only brought Marde with him as he headed to where Hussein was.

Du Wei’s wealth now may be quite lucrative, but he also has quite a lot of secrets he cannot let others know like – Hussein, Gargamel, Nicole, and the penguin QQ.

No matter what, the castle has too many eyes. He must find a quiet place in the Roland Plains and build a home of his own. Only by doing this will he have his own foundation.

At the very least, his wealth is quite lucrative now compared to the time when he was only allowed 300 gold coins a month. Maybe he should also buy a castle or manor and enjoy himself?

The future is bright and the situation is excellent……





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 112




Chapter 112 “air supremacy” (part one)

Speaking of which, after Du Wei brought back the garrison officer from the city of Colo – A third level knight – George Bush felt his choice of coming to the Rowling Household was absolutely correct.

Originally an officer of a small northern city, his pay wasn’t all that bad; unfortunately, he was stuck in a place with little prospect for his future. But most importantly, the amount of supplies and equipment’s the garrison army was given is much lower when compared to the formal battle legions. Day in and day out, he watched on with envious eyes at the people from the Storm Corps traveling to and fro in the city.

Now that he has arrived at Du Wei’s old home, he was formally fused into the castle guards. Luckily for George, Knight Robert found out he was accepted by Du Wei so George was easily promoted to the position of a Captain, with a hundred soldiers under him.

The Rowling family is an imperial military family of the Empire. For this reason, their private army is better equipped than soldiers from the regular garrison by several times. Even when compared to the empire’s regular legions like the Northern Storm Corps, the Rowling household’s private army isn’t any inferior. Rejoicing at the high quality armor and weapon he was given, his new mount was also a solid steed that he could not find any fault with it!

Most importantly, Du Wei was also looking favorably upon him because Du Wei’s situation is very different than before. Despite being very wealthy, Du Wei didn’t have any confidants that he can send out to handle his private matters. Other than Marde, the rest of his people like Hussein cannot be known to the public.

This way, George became the best candidate: no background, no father or mother, comes from a humble beginning, and most importantly, he offended the Holy Knights Platoon. With him wholeheartedly following Du Wei – Hussein secretly observed this kid’s martial arts talent is quite good – So of course he would vigorously promote George.

According to Du Wei’s instruction, Robert was ordered to teach him some intermediate Dou QI practicing methods that were usually only taught to the commanding officers of the Rowling army. George is not a fool. In order to prove his worth, he would train every day to not disappoint his new master.

Originally the Rowling army has a tendency to exclude outsiders. For this reason, George would have had a hard time gaining a foothold inside the army. Luckily for him, Du Wei invented soccer. Although the game has been largely transferred to the public populous, but the camp would still organize a few games here and there.

This George could surely be considered a soccer genius. Within a few days, he actually played like a veteran and quickly built a good relationship with the regular troops. Even some of the soldiers that disliked him at first were gradually changing their opinions of him after a few games.

Du Wei had big plans for George in the future. Going the extra length, he specifically asked George and Robert to secretly observe the 100 soldiers under George’s command and pick out the ones that not only has brains, but also a smart mouth.

George knew this was his new master’s way of cultivating him. So without neglect, he spent the next few days secretly observing his subordinates and wrote down the names of certain outstanding individuals to report back to Robert.

With the backing of Du Wei, Robert gave the green light and allowed George to freely pick out 100 soldiers to act as Du Wei’s personal guard. The only problem lies in the fact that George’s marital skill is too common. As a solution, Robert deliberately spent some time to tutor George and even passed on his own martial skills to him.

In a blink of an eye, it has already been a month since Du Wei returned home.

During this time, he had his people expand the small building in the back of the castle by three folds. In addition, he also had his workers clear out a patch of land in the woods to construct a small manor facing the Rowling River, away from prying eyes because of the three wooden walls. (Emerald River).

Stored inside the manor is all the gifts from the Marquise of Lister and magician’s union. Not only that, he had Marde move all of the Soccer Association’s so called service point records inside for safe keeping. Of course, Du Wei himself had also moved in. As a form of security, he tasked George and his 100 subordinates to act as guards around the perimeter.

Unless Du Wei gave the command, not even the old Butler Sier is allowed inside.

After Du Wei got into trouble the previous time, he was grounded by his father; however, that order has already been revoked with the arrival of the Earl’s newest message. It’s just that the order to call him back to the capital still hasn’t arrived like he expected. At any rate, Du Wei didn’t care anyways because his home in the Roland Plains is promising and free, so he’s in no rush to return to the capital.

Every day, Du Wei would study magic with the genius Solskjaer; but now, the mouse Prime Minister Gargamel has joined the group. Gargamel’s magic level may be way inferior to Gandalf by a hundred fold, but the mouse is still after all a fifth level mage. Compared to Du Wei and Solskjaer, his knowledge is still superior to the two.

Since Solskjaer have already decided to whole heartedly join Du Wei’s camp, he had no choice but to put up with the mouse. At first the guy still had his suspicions towards Gargamel, but after listening to his explanation of how he was stuck in his form due to being hit with the rebounding transformation magic, Solskjaer’s worry was somehow reduced.

Subsequently, Gargamel was absolutely surprised at Solskjaer’s effort to carve out a new road in magic. If his research succeeds, it would be a ground breaking event! As a demonstration, Solskjaer pulled out his ‘gunpowder’ invention and easily gained the respect of the fifth level mage.

Fortunately Du Wei’s wealth is quite deep. Even though magic experiments burn a lot of money, but he could still afford it.

The only worrying matter for him right now is the female knight he sent out to sea to hunt pirates with the violent Joanna. Counting the days, it should have been three months since they departed. The fact that they still haven’t returned is making Du Wei feel quite anxious.

However, there is also good news.

The development team Du Wei had left behind for the hot air balloon has successfully produced a working product after many days of trial and error. Of course, they were only able to achieve this thanks to Du Wei indirectly guiding them. Once they have flight tested the balloon a few times, (Of course, Marde would rather be killed before he goes up again) the directional controls have been lavishly installed. And with further development, this senior magician Gargamel was able to effectively upgrade the burning materials for the hot air balloon by adding in a few species of magical herbs into the mix. With all these improvements, the current version of the hot air balloon not only could rise higher with less effort, it could also carry a heavier payload.

Struck with a thought, Du Wei started to think.

In this world, there is no such thing as an air force. The sky is almost undefended. With a thing like the hot air balloon, it would be equivalent to having total air control! If this was a war torn era, the hot air balloon could be used to quietly transport large amounts of supplies and troops behind enemy lines….. Such a use is no small matter! And let’s not forget air assault and so on….

The only problem is that the continent is in an age of peace right now. Therefore, the hot air balloon has no military purpose or use.

Changing his way of thought, Du Wei started to come up with different concepts: No use in a war, but he still can’t just waste it. With so much gold already invested into such a device, he can’t just use it as an ornament and throw the gold into the water!

A slap across his head, Du Wei made up his mind: Home use! Transportation!

The newer version of the hot air balloon may have raised its payload limit by a lot, but it still can’t match up to the amount of a horse drawn carriage.

Then again, the speed of air travel is still much faster than the speed of a carriage by many times. In addition to that, air travel is much safer and doesn’t have the issue of having its previous cargo breaking due to bumpy roads on the ground. More importantly, the cost of a carriage is much higher due to the fact that the owner has to pay for: the horse, the groom, and the feed.

Making up his mind, he decided to follow through on this path.

On the continent of Roland, there is a transportation industry; however, it is all horse drawn carriage based. Not only is it slow, the cost is also quite high.

To make it fast, there are methods one can use in some big cities where a branch of the magician’s union is located. By inviting a mage to lay out a magic circle, one can take advantage of the power of magic to send out important letters in an instant. Essentially, this method is no different from the webmail service in Du Wei’s previous life. Unfortunately, such an important magic circle can only be found in the branches of the magician’s union or in some important military base!

Ordinary people, or even wealthy individuals, can only rely on fast running horses to deliver anything they wished to transport in a hurry.

In this way, the usefulness of the hot air balloon is born.

This day, Du Wei tasked Marde to gather the wealthy merchants in the small city located south of the Rowling castle. After tasting the sweet nectar known as the soccer league, these individuals would of course show up without hesitation.

This small city is just less than 30 miles south of the Rowling Castle and the daily necessities are all bought from this place. Because it is so close to the Rowling castle, this little city was given a unique name: Rowling complex. According to the Roland continent’s wording, the meaning of the name is the Rowling Households place.

On this day, all of the wealthy merchants of the province came rushing to the city after receiving a request by the young master of the Rowling House. Even the ones that couldn’t make it have sent a representative just in case. Of course, the one with the best relationship with Du Wei at the moment is the leather merchant that has supported his soccer league in the past.

In order to prepare for his presentation of the hot air balloon, Du Wei has carefully prepared a sample. Using ten high quality cowhides to braid the air balloon, he also acquired a set of sturdy vines to weave the huge bowl shaped chassis. And as a safety measure, the guardrails are at least half a person high. After calculating it in his head, Du Wei believed the hot air balloon can bear the weight of 15 adult me, which is about a ton in weight.

Moreover, under the chassis, he specially invited Gargamel to cast a few low leveled wind spells to dampen the wind resistance when they go into the air. This way, it would also increase the buoyancy of the hot air balloon and increase its carrying capacity.

“I have invited everyone today because I am about to open a new industry.” In front of these businessmen, Du Wei did not bother saying any useless kind words. Once they see what he has in store, their hearts will definitely be tempted: “The transportation business in the Roland Plains have always been monopolized by a few caravan troupes. Although everyone has their own caravans, but the blockades in different areas make it very inconvenient. The new thing I came up with will be able to help you ship any urgent or precious cargo to anywhere at a fast pace. North, south, east, and west, as long as the weather is good, we can deliver it anywhere within a maximum time of two days!”

As soon as his words came out, the people below burst into an uproar.



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.





* * *





Chapter 113




Chapter 113 “hard headed”

Poor Captain Jack standing outside the Castle; surrounded by several Cavalry horseman, their spears were already pointed at him.

Not because of anything. It’s just that this guy’s outfit is too blatant and arrogant…. With one look, the word “I’m a pirate” is engraved onto his face!

It must be said that all this is Du Wei’s credit. The design he gave this Captain Jack is completely in accordance with the previous charmingly famous pirate movie. This is especially true with the Red bandana on his head, small chin beard, and dark eye circles……

For such an oddly dressed man to come near the Rowling castle, the patrol units would of course lock onto such a target. Ever since Du Wei was abducted twice in the past, the size of the Rowling personal guard forces was increased several folds. If Jack didn’t have Rolynn’s personal token, the Calvary unit would have probably bounded the guy up with ropes by now.

“Ah-ha! My captain, you are finally here!” With a big laugh, Du Wei hurriedly ran out from the Castle to see the cavalry soldiers pointing their spears at the pirate captain. Pausing at the sight, one of the riders below him immediately dismounted and came up to DU Wei in salute: “Young Master, this guy’s clothing is strange and looks to be up to no good. But in his hand is the keepsake token of knight Roylnn, we suspect he……”

“No need to be suspicious, he is my men. Let go of him.” Waving his hand, the group of knights withdrew. Du Wei looked at the somewhat nervous looking Jack and walked up to him to give him a pat him on the shoulder: “You’re finally here. Did you finish the tasks I entrusted to you?”

The Pirate captain has long seen how dangerous Du Wei can be. Quickly bending over his waist to show his respect, he started to speak: “Master, the tasks you instructed was very successful. Although there were some bumps along the way, but with the help of Miss Joanna, everything worked out well and the results were even better than previously expected.”

Du Wei took one look around: “This is not the place to talk.”

Then he had his people take Captain Jack to his study room.

For such a vulgar pirate, where would he have the chance to see such riches from an imperial family of the empire? Just those pure silver candlesticks are enough to make his eyes pop. And to top it off, the southern black tea matched with the sterling silver tea set he was served next rattled him to no ends.

Sending the servants away and closing the door behind them, Du Wei calmly worked up a noise silencing spell. With this, they can talk without worrying about their conversation spreading. Sitting in his chair, Du Wei spoke with a straight face: “You can speak now.”

“Yes!” Putting down his cup, Captain Jack quickly stationed himself up and whispered: “Altogether, this voyage out at sea lasted three months. We raided 19 Islands in the Eastern waters and with Miss Joanna’s help; those recalcitrant guys were thrown into the sea to feed sharks. The ones that were left alive and folded into our forces equaled a total of 421. The total amount of vessels we managed to take in is 32 ships and among them, one is of the Sea King class war ship!”

“Sea King class?” Du Wei was slightly surprised.

In the Roland Empire, sea vessels are divided into four different classes, from large to small: Sea God. Sea King, Sea Salt, and Sea Soul class as the smallest.

Among them, the Sea God class is the largest and is considered the biggest strength behind the Empire’s navy. Let’s use Du Wei’s father for example. Back when Earl Raymond returned from his expedition to the south, the flagship “Dandong” he was on is in fact a Sea God class naval vessel. Considered to be without equal, the deck is 300 feet high and the body length can reach up to 150 meters. At any time, the Sea God class is capable of hosting over 800 personnel’s on board.

And slightly smaller is the Sea King class. With a body length capable of reaching 100 meters – generally only 80 meters – it is capable of carrying up to 500 personnel’s at one time. Of course, it is usually outfitted with a certain number of ranged weapons such as a cannon.

Because there is no gunpowder or heated weapons in this era, there aren’t actually any artillery’s. The so called cannons are in fact just some giant crossbow relying on a wheel mechanism to pull the bowstring. With a range of approximately 1-kilometer in distance, the high penetrating force of the Ballista’s can pierce through even sheets of metal. Often in sea battles, once these weapons are utilized against the enemy vessels, the damage they would cause is direct and threatening.

In an era without long ranged artillery weapons, only the Sea God Class battleship is capable of equipping itself with a few Magic Cannons – based on the principles of magic. This weapon is comparable to regular gunpowder cannons in Du Wei’s previous life, but the cost of producing one is quite expensive and some of the manufacturing process is said to be already lost.

Due to these reasons, the naval warfare in this world is basically still undeveloped. Relying on Ballista and on board personnel to fight, the main strategy is to ram the ship’s hull against the enemy vessels. Once the enemy ship is immobilized, the sailors would then engage in a melee brawl to overtake the enemy.

In such a case, the ship’s capacity to carry more fighters became the main focal point of naval warfare.

Although pirates exist in the eastern coast of the Roland Continent, but most of the ships fell into the medium and small bracket. More often than not, pirates are incapable of facing off against the regular naval fleets, and even some larger size armed merchant ships can fend for themselves.

For a pirate crew to own a Sea King class ship is extremely rare!

Seeing the doubt in Du Wei’s eyes, Captain Jack quickly explained: “The ship seems to have many years on it already, and the hull is quite old and needs much repairing. The batch of captives we captured on the east belonged to a larger group of pirates. From what they told us, this vessel supposedly belonged to the imperial navy, but once it was retired, a wealthy merchant purchased it to be used as a trading vessel. But as fate would have it, the ship was later snatched up by pirates.”

Hearing the explanation, Du Wei finally nods. If pirates can so easily get their hands on a Sea King class ship, then what good is the imperial Navy?!

“Within the 32 ships, there is one Sea King class and six Sea Salt class. As for the rest of the fleet, they are all small ships in the Sea Soul class category capable of only carrying a hundred sailors. Looking at it this way, the fleet right now is comparable to a second tier naval force of the empire in the eastern waters. Although it lacked ships of the larger size, but they could make up for it with the superior numbers.”

Hearing Jack’s words, Du Wei didn’t say much and only smiled.

This guy is after all from a pirate origin – his insight is still a bit lacking.

Comparable to the Imperial Navy? That is wishful thinking.

Du Wei’s old man is after all from the Navy. It was only by relying on the merits and promotions he gained from the southern expedition were he able to get where he is today. Like the last expedition, the fleet Earl Raymond brought with him only had 35 ships, but 5 of them are of the Sea God class and the rest are all Sea King class!

The amount of ships under Du Wei may be a lot, but if he really had to compare it to the imperial navy, it is still not enough.

Luckily for Du Wei, he didn’t have any sort of ambition to raise a rebellion. As long as he doesn’t go agitating the imperial navy and focuses his attention only on maritime trade, his fleet would be a force to be reckoned with.

After saying all of this, Jack’s face looked somewhat pale as he whispered: “However, the way things have developed so far is beyond what we expected. As such, there are certain problems we are unable to solve. At the moment, the entire fleet is docked at the ‘Fertile Haven Port’ located in the southern Lille province. Miss Rolynn is staying behind to keep matters in check and has sent me back here to you…..”

“Speak directly; tell me exactly what is wrong?” Du Wei frowned as he said this.

“Money.” Jack lets out a sigh: “We originally intended to incorporate the stolen loots and wealth amassed by the pirates. This way, we can maintain the expenses of the fleet, but the problem is…..”

Speaking up to here, Jack could not help but sigh: “The problem is that they are too poor.”

Seeing the frown on Du Wei’s face, Jack quickly explained: “The Empire’s naval strength has always been powerful, and in the past decade, the empire had organized numerous expeditions to the southern waters. Although these efforts are a complete waste of resource and without any real obvious benefits, it did in fact expand the empires southern water borders and increase trading activity. Seeing the opportunity, numerous pirate crews started to appear. But in the past, these criminals have never caused any major issues thanks to the overwhelming strength of the imperial navy. If by the odd chance they caused too much commotion, they will incur the wrath of the navy and face annihilation. More importantly, trading in the eastern coast was greatly reduced in recent years and has concentrated their efforts in the southern waters. For this reason, the pirates in the eastern coast were already having a difficult time surviving, so of course they didn’t have much chance to gain any wealth.”

Looking at the serious faced Captain Jack and the way he spouted out all these big points, Du Wei could not help but smile: “All of these points…. Did you figure it out?”

Jack shook his head and honestly answered: “No, I never went to school, so where would I come up with these thoughts? These things are all what Knight Rolynn told me.”

Du Wei’s eyes lit up.

Rolynn? This leggy chick has a good mind.

Jack continues to speak: “Three months on this voyage has gained us mostly materials that isn’t worth much like food and rusted iron. So even if we did sell them in the market, it wouldn’t be much. As for the things that are worth a bit, a portion of it has already been sold in the ‘Fertile Haven Port’ the moment we landed. Also, a certain amount of relationship was needed with the port naval officers because it was inevitable that we would be criticized by suddenly taking in so many new members that are on the wanted list. Under Miss Rolynn’s judgment, we spent a certain amount of money to bribe the officials and remove the bounty on some of the crew members. In the end, the amount of gold we managed to suck out of the pirates only amounted to 10,000 gold coins. After repairs and maintenance on the ships we gained, especially on the Sea King class vessel – let’s not forget the daily food and drinking expense – we could barely balance the expense with the income we gained.”

With his forehead going numb upon hearing all of this, Du Wei waved his hand: “Speak directly, how much in total do we need!”

Hearing this, Jack immediately pulled out a small book given to him by Miss Rolynn before coming here. Opening it, Jack began reciting the content: “Among the 32 ships, almost every one of them is damaged to a certain degree. Given the current financial problem, Miss Rolynn has selected nine of the most severely damaged ships and estimated the cost of repair to be around 3,000 gold. When coming up with this estimate, it was already based on the fact that we used your name to purchase discounted materials from the port. Although the other ships still need to be repaired, we can temporarily leave them as is and continue using them. Once the financial situation loosens up in the future, we can then decide which to repair. And the daily expenditure for 400 sailors over three months has been tallied up to 600 gold. This number is already considered very frugal. If Miss Rolynn dares to reduce the personal expenditures anymore, she feared that the new crew members would defect and leave. On a side note, Miss Rolynn said that since the men’s are no longer pirates and is working under your name; all of them need to be outfitted with a new uniform because it would be an embarrassment for you if they wore tattered rags. As such, every member was tailored two new uniforms with the captains getting a slightly better quality…… This cost us another 200 gold. But most importantly, the weapons in everyone’s hand are too poor in quality. They were all pirates in the past, so once they swarmed a ship, they would go into a random brawl. Such an act is just too shameful. Since they are now part of the Rowling fleet, every Ballista, crossbow, and blade needs to be replaced. I have already checked, some of the former pirates were so poor that they don’t even have a weapon. In the past when they encountered a target, they would grab whatever tool they could find like a hammer or rake to fight. Such a method can no longer be used….. In addition to the expenses of building a relationship with the port officials, the costs of removing the bounty on the pirates ended up costing us nearly a thousand gold coins.”





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 114




Chapter 114 “Road to the capital”

By the end, Sparrow sighs: “Miss Rolynn is currently keeping everything together in the ‘Fertile Haven Port’. Overall, she only has 1000 gold coins left in hand. According to the consumption scale of 32 ships – maintenance, personnel expense, and weapons – the expected expense is close to a thousand gold per month. Of course, this number is already compressed to the lowest limit. Once we set sail, we can expect the expense to be even bigger….”

Du Wei took in a deep breath: “So, not only did you not bring me back a penny, you are asking me to fork over money instead?”

“Yes.” Sparrow also had a bitter face. The guy originally swore his allegiance to Du Wei with the intent of leading a fleet, but now it seems only the leader would know how expensive things really are. Before the fleet even gets out to sea, it would seem they are about to go bankrupt.

“If there is no new funding within a month, then would the fleet go bankrupt?” Du Wei questioned.

“In fact, there are a lot of people complaining already. When they were still pirates, they could eat meat and drink wine; but now, they can only eat cereal and drink the cheapest ale. Everyone is so poor that they cannot even seek out the cheapest whore for relief. If not for Miss Rolynn and Miss Joanna suppressing them, I fear that the sailors would have already rioted a few times.” Sparrow reluctantly said this.

Du Wei rubbed his brow and admitted to himself that he was a bit whimsical in the past. Although there is a powerful master like Joanna and an experienced pirate like Sparrow to keep things running smoothly, he did not expect the rate of consumption to be so big for such a fleet. If not for the small fortune he landed himself with, Du Wei feared that he really couldn’t afford to keep such a fleet running!

“Okay.” Du Wei taps his fingers on the table: “The fleet may consume a little bit more, but the current problem lies in the fact that things aren’t up and running yet. With no income, of course they can’t afford to meet their expenses. First thing now is to figure out a way to make it into a money making machine.”

Du Wei then sent captain Sparrow to find Marde, this way he can take out 10,000 gold coins from the account as funding for the coming months.

General speaking, he actually still earned a profit. Although the fleets expense is quite high, but it was still acquired without spending a single penny. Since there are so many ships, the option of going back to being pirates is out of the question. The only solution is to rely on ocean trading.

Du Wei immediately recalled Beinlich from the snow wolf mercenary that he met in the frozen forest. According to his memory, Beinlich complained to him that those unscrupulous merchants that came to do trading with them would always suppress the trading price despite the fact that they risked their life to procure the materials. For example: a low leveled monster nucleus can be sold for one to two gold in a town at the forest edge, but once it reaches the south, the price would increase by 10 times! Although the empires law cannot stop everyone from entering the frozen forest, but it can definitely stop the flow of trade. For this reason, the mercenaries that risked their life often could not openly sell their spoils. The only option left for them is to reluctantly sell their goods at a cheap price to those with strong backings or a well-connected businessman.

Usually, those merchants are backed by some powerful northern nobles. Once they obtained the goods at a low price, they would go through some legal formalities and sell it off to the south as legalized goods at 10, or sometimes even 100 times the profit.

If others can do this, he can naturally do it too!

And now that he has a fleet, he can just send it to a port in the north. Once he does, he would of course earn a lot.

Even though he may have the halo of the Rowling Household, but the problem lies in the fact that he is still not an adult yet. With no proper title, how can he so hastily step into the northern business circle. If he doesn’t do it right, he may even offend those elites in the north. And smuggling such a large amount of materials is no easy matter. First he must build up some connections with the local officials, and then he must find a way to legalize his goods. For a kid like him, it’s fine to make a ruckus here and there at home, but if he really wants to start a business like this, it won’t succeed unless someone of great importance in his family steps forward.

Thinking it through, a strange idea suddenly popped into his head.

If—if I was really the heir to the family, then it would have been good.

When this idea came up, even Du Wei was surprise.

How could he think like this? Hadn’t he hated the life of bearing so much responsible and deliberately kept his silence? This way he would be misunderstood by everyone and be able to live a carefree life in the Roland Plains. If he really did become the heir to the family, then problems and trouble would come looking for him. Once that happens, he can no longer have the life he wanted.

Thinking it over, Du Wei sighed and dropped the subject. The main priority is to solve the problem at hand.

Du Wei hesitated for a moment and then finally decided to assign the task to his new subordinate George Bush because he really had no other effective confidant under him right now.

Calling George Bush over, Du Wei confessed his plan and asked him to find Beinlich of the Snow Wolf Mercenary and pass on a handwritten letter by Du Wei.

Regardless of how, Du Wei first want to pull in the Snow Wolf Mercenary Corps because the scale of this troupe is not small. Their activity in the frozen forest is above average, so the amount of spoils they have would not be small. If he can get this done, then his maritime trade would finally be realized. The profit may be small at first, but it is still better than leaving the ships in the ports.

Just like this, Captain Jack Sparrow and Mr. George Bush became close comrades as they prepared themselves to head up north in search of the mercenary corps.

Three days later, Du Wei finally received the news from the capital.

Raymond Earl wrote a letter and sent if over on horseback. The letter didn’t say much, the only message was an invitation to attend the annual summer festival.

It may just be words, but it is still a message asking Du Wei to return to the capital. Marde naturally rejoiced at the news, but Du Wei looked relaxed without any hint of anger or joy.

Go to the Capital?

Hmm, but the waters of the Capital are so deep! In the present, he is hiding in the Roland Plains and living a carefree life. While in the capital, there are so many powerful and rich nobles. And lets not forget the Temple and the Magic Union……

Hussein is strong, right? The number one Saint Knight on the continent! Yet, he is being chased like a lost dog by the temple.

Right now, he has too many secrets and each one will end in catastrophe if known. If the Temple found out, not even his bones would remain!

The night before heading out, Du Wei had a long chat with Hussein in the small little villa he built. From their conversation, they came to a decision that Hussein is to stay behind from this trip to the capital. The reason is because there are simply too many people there that would recognize the knight.

As for Nicole (Medusa), Du Wei hesitated repeatedly but in the end, he decided to not bring her with him. Although Medusa’s strength is superior and could easily be considered a bodyguard with her by his side, but he still couldn’t get a clear understanding of her. If by the odd chance she loses her patience and goes on a rampage, at least there is Hussein to control her because he wouldn’t have the strength to stop her.

As for the rest, Du Wei decided to take Gargamel with him. After all, he is only a mouse. Even if he does talk in front of others, he can just say he is a talking pet.

The last one is QQ. Other than talking and going on and on about being elegant, this bird is not in the least bit useful and is purely a waste of food. Contemplating the problem for a long time, Du Wei somehow decided to bring the bird with him as if he was suddenly controlled by a ghost.

Just like this, Du Wei packed his luggage. With a mouse, a penguin, 50 cavalry guards, and a bunch of carriages filled with his things, he set out mightily towards the capital.

Originally, riding the Hot-air balloon would have been faster…… But he had too many stuff with him and he also didn’t have that many hot air balloons to use. In any case, Du Wei wanted to leisurely walk for a while.

Traveling in this fashion, it wasn’t until they came up to the Rowling River that they saw someone standing on top of the river bridge.

Still riding on top of his horse, Du Wei took a closer look and saw that the person was completely grey from top to bottom. This person was none other than Mage Clark.

Seeing Du Wei and his escorts coming closer, Clark immediately mounted his horse and laughed out loud: “Master Du Wei, the Magic Union received news that you are heading to the capital. So, under the order of the president, I’ve been waiting here for you!”

A few ideas popped into his mind, and then Du Wei jumped off the horse and walked up to the mage with a smile: “Mage Clark Sir, could there be some sort of request the president needs me to do?”

Jumping off his horse, Clark came up to Du Wei and gingerly fished out a black wooden box. Opening it to reveal a golden badge, Clark handed it over to Du Wei and said: “This is what the president tasked me to give you! You are already recognized as Master Gandalf’s apprentice. Although you did not participate in any magic grading exam yet, but a disciple of Master Gandalf must have some uncommon magic knowledge. This gold badge does not represent any magic grade; instead, it is an honorary symbol that identifies your identity. If you wear this to any branch of the magic union, you will receive preferential treatment. Wait till you are in the capital, the president will then personally check your magic power and give you a ranking badge.”

His heart was slightly moved by the gold badge. As he held it in his hand, Du Wei could vaguely feel the waves of magic coming from it.

This is a good item. Du Wei of course knew what this badge represented. While not a symbol of a magician, but the person wearing this basically means he is a magician!

The so called Magic Scholar is equivalent to a College “visiting Professor”. Not governed, it is an honor, but also status symbol.

“And one other thing.”

Clark immediately took a burden from on top of his horse. After opening it, he carefully took out a folded robe inside. The style is similar to that of a Mage’s robes, but is neither gray nor white. Instead, it was a plain black robe.

From above, there were some markings of the magic union and some fine patterns. Du Wei didn’t know what they were, but Clark explained: “This is the robe of a Magic Scholar and its cost is not low. The patterns above have some supportive properties when you are using magic and can even fend off some simple physical attacks. Within the magic union, only members of the executive office have such a robe. This robe is a status symbol in the Capital! And in the magic union, there are no more than 15 with this robe throughout the continent!”

After a pause, Clark took a step back and reverently bent down on his waist to perform a salute from a lower level mage towards a higher level mage. Then with a smile, he said: “The status of a Magic Scholar is transcendental in the Union. Any level six or lower magician must pay their respect to you in the capital.”

Du Wei was becoming serious inside.

Before he can even leave his family land, the magic union has more than once tried to win him over….

Du Wei does not believe in this world there is something like a free lunch, the other party must have some kind of plot.

Now is not the time to refuse. Accepted everything, Du Wei wore the black magic robe and pinned on the badge. Immediately, he could feel the fluctuation of magic caused by the robe and a silver arc of light surrounded his body. From the looks of it, the magic is some sort of blessing spell that increases his speed or agility.

Also, it would seem this robe had another function that could adjust the temperature. Normally his body would feel slightly feverish from all that galloping, but with the robe, his body began to cool.

Delighted, Du Wei thanked Clark and allowed the mage to join his group as they headed to the capital.

Du Wei, finally returned to the capital, returned to the circle of power he tried to so hard to escape.

Stay tune for future development!



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 115




Chapter 115 “secret”

The moons light are like water.

Darkness came much earlier than expected. With the moon hanging in the sky, its gentle light embraces all that is there throughout the land, making everything look serene and clean.

Slowly traveling on top of the highway leading to the capital is Du Wei and his carriages.

On this returning trip back to the capital, Du Wei specifically mentioned not to hurry and spend their time leisurely enjoying the scenery. As long as they can arrive in the capital by the deadline, then it is good.

Touring along the way, Du Wei was extra friendly towards Mage Clark and rode side by side with the old fella when they were on horseback. And if they were tired, Du Wei would even invite Clark to ride inside his carriage.

The cargo carriages of the Rowling household would of course be high quality. Made from a wide array of expensive materials and pulled by the most excellent breed of horses, the expense shouldn’t need elaborating. To top it off, Du Wei made a series of modification like the velvet blanket laid on top of the seating’s, this way, the riders wouldn’t feel any sort of jolting motion.

Inside the carriage, there would certainly be good food and fine wine ready for consumption. Like this, Clark was able to experience quite a lot of good things along the way.

(I’m sorry guys, but this part sounded so homo to me lol)

On the trip, Clark didn’t dally around and did his utmost to make their travel go smoother. Conjuring up several wind based attribute spell circles under the carriages, Clark’s effort has consumed a large amount of effort and magic material.

Without objecting to Clark’s meddling, Du Wei is in fact quite pleased. Stored inside the carriages are in fact magic materials like gems and crystals gifted to him by the magic union. If Clark can somehow aid him in making the coaches’ move faster and more stable, he was not one to object.

Seeing the spell circle, Du Wei was secretly turning ideas in his head: “If such a small wind based spell circle can reduce the weight of a heavy carriage, then wouldn’t a high tiered spell circle completely lift the horse up into the air?”

After listening to his words, Clark paused for a moment in thought before replying: “In theory it can, but fundamentally, wind based spells still have to rely on the power of the wind. To lift an entire carriage up into the air with just the wind, the amount of energy consumption is too high. Not only will such a spell waste the magic crystal involved, the amount of cost outweighs the benefit by a large margin.”

Du Wei nodded with his mouth not saying anything, but he was secretly thinking this through: If a carriage can simply be lifted into the air by a simple magic spell, then it would be for the best. Unfortunately, Clark explained the astronomical cost involved would make this non practical for universal use. But if he can turn this around and find a way to make it viable for universal use, then even if he can’t make an aircraft, he can still use this method to create an “air force”.

Of course, in reality, it can only be a dream.

Clark was also slightly smiling because in his mind, he was secretly thinking: “Children are children, so whimsical. To make a horse fly in the air, does he know how much magic material he would need to waste? If not for his rich family background and the fact that he recently landed himself with a large number of gifts from the magic union, where would such a kid have the money? Just the material cost for this little endeavor is nearing 10,000 gold coins. If he really did make a horse fly in the air, the cost would no doubt be around 100,000 gold coins, and this doesn’t even include the man power involved. For such an advanced magic layout, it would require a group of mages constantly injecting energy into the spell.

In their idol chatters, Du Wei mainly focused his attention on drawing as much information out of Clark as he can. After all, the magic union has shown so much effort in their approach on him, he must get a clear grasp on the situation before entering the capital.

No need to mention the “Magic Scholar” title; Du Wei thought the more benefit he got; the harder it will be for him to reject them in the future.

Unfortunately, Clark is after all a sly old fox that have mingled in the capital for many years. His speech and actions may have been happy and joyous, but no matter how much Du Wei tried, he could get a single word out of him.

That night under the moons light, the convoy was slowly moving on the road while Du Wei and Clark discussed some topics on magic. It was then from the front, Marde came running to the back and gently knocked on his carriage window. Using a whispering voice, Marde said: “Master, in front of us is Timber Town.”

Du Wei’s heart shook at the name.

Timber town? This place holds some strong memories.

Back when he was kicked out of the imperial capital and sent to the Roland Plains, it was in this place that he met Rolynn and Solskjaer. Now that he is returning to the capital, he once again revisited this place.

Du Wei looked at the sky and smiled: “Very well, we will stay here for the night.”

After entering Timber town with the convoy, Marde would of course remember the layout and directly lead the party to the inn they lived in before.

It’s Just that when they came up to the place, the former Timber inn could no longer be found. With a fresh paint job and a brand new sign to replace the old rotting one, the name on the sign board no longer spelled Timber Inn. Instead, the name was changed to “Home of the adventurer.”

Marde was surprised, thinking how long it could have been and did it change owners?

The door was long open by then and a short, fatty guy – likely the boss – came running out. Seeing a chance for big business, the guy bowed his head in respect and called out several workers from inside the inn to help settle the horses.

Du Wei and Clark walked into the hotel and saw that this time around, the inn was much cleaner than the last visit he made here. It’s just that the business doesn’t seem to be doing good with so little customer inside the spacious hall.

Those chairs, desks, and counters all looked new. Even some of the paint doesn’t seem to be fully dried yet like it was hardly ever used.

The pudgy looking boss was already in front of them so Marde sent him to go feed the horses and clear out a couple of clean rooms for them.

Du Wei was surprised when he took a look at the passing waiters and horse groomers – each and every one of them were strong looking. Frowning slightly, he glanced at Marde so that he would call over the pudgy looking boss.

“I remember this place used to be called Timber Inn and I’ve even lived here once. Did this place change hands?”

The pudgy looking boss nodded and said: “Sir, the previous owner thought the business here wasn’t good, so he simply sold it away.”

Du Wei took one look at him: “Your accent, you don’t seem to be a native.”

The pudgy looking boss smiled: “Sir, I am also a timber town native, but in the past, I have been doing business in the north. It wasn’t until a few months ago that I have returned.

Du Wei nodded, but when he glanced at the waiters, he frowned: “Your little inn actually keeps so many employees. These people look so strong, could it be that they were all soldiers?”

The boss nodded, his face revealed a trace of helplessness: “Originally in the North, I was part of a garrison army for a while. It’s just that one day when I was rounding up some smuggling mercenary; they managed to injure me so badly that I had to retire from the army. Once I received my retirement fee, I intended to return home. All of the staff you see around us are my friends. Like me, they also suffered some sort of injury and were forced to retire. Although the retirement fee is not small, but there will be a day when it runs out. Thinking it over, I figured it was for the best that we start a business. Recruiting some of the retired veterans like me, I had them come back here with me so we will have something to eat in the future.”

Du Wei gave out a loud laugh and nodded. Seeing the boss walk away, Du Wei could tell that the owner was clearly slightly limping.

Although the other waiters are strong and sturdy, but if looked carefully, all of them had some kind of defect on their body.

Du Wei sighed and instructed Marde to tip a few extra gold coins before he headed to his room.

During the night, Du Wei laid on the bed awake, unsure of why he felt so unease by all this. Thinking it over for a long time, he couldn’t figure it out and decided to stare at ceiling with his eyes wide open.

Silence filled the room. The only sound he could hear was his own heartbeat and breathing.

Just like this, he kept his eyes open until after midnight when a faint weariness finally overtook him. Turning his body over, Du Wei was about to go to sleep, but then all of a sudden…..

He is a magician with exceptional talent, so his hearing and induction are 10 times better than the average person. From out of nowhere, he could hear a strangely faint noise:

Creek!

As if some decaying old wood was subtly breaking.

Freighted by the sound, a sense of dread suddenly filled his heart as he raised his vigilance.

Du Wei listened for a moment longer, but the noise was already gone. Just when he thought it was only a mouse, something changed!

From above his head, the beam in the ceiling suddenly broke off and a sharp sword instantly came flying down towards him!

The sword was quick and ruthless, obviously wielded by a powerful expert! Luckily for him, his body was no longer the weak and frail body it once was after practicing the Stars Dou Qi basic martial movement set. In the chaotic mess, he uttered a cry of distress and pushed his body to the side.

Just that the other side was ready for a long time and the sword was issued by a master, so how can he completely evade it? Rolling over, he could feel his back was in pain and blood could be seen flowing out.

Covered in cold swear, Du Wei hurriedly crawled under the bed. Unfortunately for him, after a rumbling sound from behind, the bed was easily split in two by the assassin’s sword!

From above his head, a shadow could be seen jumping down on him. From top to bottom, the assassin’s feature was all black, only the sword in his hand glistened with a cold light. Lying on his back, Du Wei nearly fainted from the pain caused by his wound, but in a life threatening situation, his hidden potential for survival awakened. Without looking back, he conjured up multiple balls of flame in his hand and shot it backward.

With this barrage of fire magic, the assassin didn’t dare to recklessly push forward; instead, the assailant performed a somersault to dodge the oncoming fireballs. With a detonating sound, the entire room was lit a bright. From this, Du Wei could finally get a clear look at the enemy. With black clothes and a cast on the face, the eyes of the attacker flashed with murderous intent. With his sword still pointing at Du Wei, the assailant didn’t say anything and once again came rushing forward!

Still lying on the floor, Du Wei rolled over in fear and crashed into the room’s wardrobe closet. With the assassin’s sword drawing near his face, Du Wei couldn’t care anymore. Fumbling with his hand, he grabbed onto a clothing corner and threw it out.

Previously when the Lister household gifted him with the precious mithril dagger, he had been carrying it on his body since then. Therefore, since he received the mage robe from the magic union, he had the dagger tucked in the belt that he wore with the mage robe.

Then the assailant made a grunting sound and leaned down towards him,

At that moment, even his body’s sweat solidified. With the foes body leaning against his body, Du Wei could feel a prickling sensation on his body.

In such a case, a person would immediately go into a panic. Inside his head, millions of thought started to gush out from his mind.

I’m going to die today?!

It was this little distraction that made him realize the person on top of him wasn’t moving. Instead, Du Wei could feel some hot liquid dripping onto his neck and body. From his nose, he could smell a strong pungent bloody scent.

Regaining his composure after being stimulated by the bloody smell, Du Wei pushed against the assailant’s body and found that he was already dead. From the killer’s chest, Du Wei could see the handle of his dagger sticking out of the area where the heart should be. Realizing what he had done, Du Wei must have unintentionally threw the dagger out with the clothing earlier!

At the same time, loud banging and fighting could be heard from the outside. Occasionally, Du Wei could even hear the frightful screams of people dying. Unsure of what is happening outside, Du Wei clenched his teeth and pushed aside the corpse. Then turning his hand around, he pulled the dagger out from the body and noticed a hint of magic still lingering on the handle.

It was then the door burst open with a bang and Clark rushed inside while still in disarray. Seeing Du Wei covered in blood, Clark was taken aback at the sight. However, when he saw that Du Wei had a dagger in hand, the mage seemed a bit more at ease: “There are assassins, I’ll protect you and get you out of here!”

With that, Clark grabbed hold of him and was about to leave before Du Wei whispered in his ears: “We cannot go outside! The enemy must have contingency plans ready!”

Just when he said this, they could hear the screaming cries of the Rowling personal guards dying outside: “Back in! They have crossbows!”

What followed next is the continuous sound of arrows firing through the air.

Straining his face muscle, Clark’s enveloped himself in a murderous aura as he began chanting a spell. Surging with power, he lifted a finger and sliced through the fabric of reality and created a gash in the middle of space. From the distortion he made, a black smog floated out from the vortex and started to quickly take on a humanoid appearance.

Fully black and shrouded in a deathly aura, it was a spirit warrior of death!

Du Wei’s heart missed a beat. It turned out that Clark is practicing dark magic! This intermediate dark summoning spell managed to summon a spirit warrior of death!

Clark snorted. With a wave of his hand, the undead warrior rushed out of the room through the door.

From the corridor, seven to eight assassins were already closing in on them while hiding in the darkness. Even though most of the Rowling Household guards were living downstairs, they were already killed by the assailants. With the assailants guarding the staircase, the killers had their crossbows aimed and ready as they rushed towards Du Wei’s room. Just when they were about to reach the door, a dark shadow suddenly rushed out from inside.

These killers indeed receive strict training. Although they were scared, their hands did not stop moving and had already started shooting at the spirit warrior. As much as they tried, a body of a spirit warrior is after all not physical, so their arrows could not harm it in the least. Like this, the spirit warrior held onto its short sword and rushed towards the assassins. Every time its weapon stabs into one of the attackers, a dark aura would burst forth and spread throughout the body, leaving no trace behind. Within moments, screams of death echoed in the hallway.

The rest of the assassins recognized the attack and shouted: “This undead creature can use Dou Qi!”

With that, a burst of Dou Qi could be seen coming off from the assassins weapons! To be able to muster up the strength of wielding Dou Qi, a warrior must have at least reached the third level!

A spirit warrior of death has no consciousness; their sole motivation for fighting is their residual fighting instinct. With no fear, the undead creature rushed forward and quickly dispatched two more foes with its black flames. But in the end, the assassins managed to pierce through its body with their sword. Uttering a scream, the black flames on the spirit warrior’s body began to dim down.

Then with another scream, the spirit warrior managed to dispatch one more assailant before the black flames on its body dispersed. With that, the creature finally disappeared from existence.

Just like this, almost half of the assassins were wiped out or injured in the corridor. No longer able to block off the stairs, the remaining Rowling Household guards began rushing up against them. Seeing the situation, the leader of the group called out: “Retreat!”

Immediately, the group headed towards the end of the corridor. Seeing a window there, the one in the lead raised his fist and smashed the glass apart so that he could jump outside.

Clark had already rushed out from behind. Seeing this, the mage grinned and said: “Think you can run?!”

Before his words even ended, Clark had already raised his finger and created another gash in the air. From the vortex, another two spirit warrior came forth and pursued the escaping attackers that were heading towards the window.

The two assassins that were too slow to escape were quickly engulfed in flames.

Only the leader had managed to jump out the window.

Clark’s magic may be bizarre, but to summon three warriors in one breath, his energy reserve is already drained. With a shaky body, Clark quickly retreated to the back because once his magic is depleted; he would be almost defenseless at that point.

Several of the guards from the Rowling Household had already rushed up and immediately headed towards the end of the corridor. But as soon as one of the soldiers looked out the window, the soldier led out a scream and an arrow could be seen protruding from his head. It was obvious that the enemy still had more reinforcements waiting.

Seeing this, the remaining soldiers no long dared to give chase. Retreating to where Du Wei was located, they created a defensive circle around him.

Du Wei’s injury is not light. The assassin may have missed his vital point, but the foes Dou Qi wasn’t weak either. From where the wound was located, Du Wei could not move any of the muscles that had been effect.

Without delay, Du Wei’s subordinate had already brought out the med kit to clean his wound. As for Clark, the mage forcefully refocused his spirit and started to cast a healing spell on his wound. It was only after seeing Du Wei’s wound beginning to mend itself that Clark relaxed a bit. With a pale face and heavy breathing, it was obvious Clark has reached his limit.

Combing through the inn, the soldiers could not find a trace of the owner or the staff.

Sitting in a chair with a pale face, Du Wei recalled the scenes from earlier. It truly is a life and death situation, so his heart is secretly scared right now.

Humph! A very ruthless method!

The boss and staffs are indeed killers in disguise! In order to not raise any suspicion, they were even willing to mutilate their own bodies! Such a method is a real eye opener!!

Recovering from their panicking state, the soldiers searched the inn from top to bottom. It was in the cellar that they were able to locate the corpses of the previous owner and waiters.

Du Wei lets out a sigh, his face sullen.

It seems that the other side had already expected him to come through this place. Killing the previous owner and staff so that they could take over their identity, the assailants had set this trap so that they could assassinate him! To go so far as to mutilate their bodies to fit their disguise……..

Who exactly are they?

He himself is only a minor noble. Even if he is Gandalf’s apprentice, it shouldn’t amount to being targeted for assassination.

The temple?

Shouldn’t be. Although he made a contract with the devil and even took in Hussein, but none of this is exposed to the public. Moreover, if the temple wanted to deal with him, they could just reveal his secrets. Once that happens, the temple could openly kill him.

Then, who did he offend?

It was at this moment; his men came into the room and carefully examined the first assassin. Removing all the clothing, they could not find any clue.

But one of the veteran soldiers raised a doubt:

The enemy used crossbows. This handheld contraption may be convenient and highly lethal, but the cost is very high. Even for the mercenaries in the north, it is hard to come by. Normally, only someone with the status of a leader would be equipped with one. And in a noble’s private army, the amount is very little.

“Only……” This seasoned veteran seemed to hesitate at this point, seems like he is afraid to say the next part.

Du Wei grunted: “Only what? You say it!”

Working up his courage, the soldier clenched his teeth and said: “In the Roland continent, only the military’s main army is uniformed with such weapons.”

After a pause, the soldier’s face turned ugly as he whispered, “Master, just now, some of the assassins we killed left behind their crossbows. I have already inspected them, and the stamps on them are indeed the army’s logo! I do not know where these people are from, but the weapon they used definitely originated from the army!”

Du Wei showed no emotion: “Can that stamp be a fake? You’re not wrong?”

The soldier nodded: “I won’t be! Following the Earl, I was in the army. Then I returned to the Roland Plains and joined the family’s private army. I have seen this type of crossbow before, I definitely won’t be wrong.”

Du Wei was lost in thought with one word from this veteran soldier……

Army…… Military?!



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 117




Chapter 117 “returning home” – The 118th chapter “father and son” (part one)

The prosperity of the capital is the same as ever. Despite being born and raised in the city till the age of 13, Du Wei rarely went outside because of his bad reputation. But his return to the capital this time is completely different than before. With the status of being the disciple of the continent’s number one mage Gandalf, he is also being courted by the magic union. Also, let’s not forget his newly built relationship with the famously wealthy Lister household……

Despite the fact that his father is currently residing in the capital, Du Wei believed that his father should have received the news regarding all of this by now.

Sitting in the carriage, Du Wei did not bother opening the window to watch the hustling and bustling streets outside. The reason is because it was not needed. The noise from the day to day activities of such a prosperous city cannot be denied by such a thin window flap.

After entering the capital, Mage Clark said his farewell and began heading back to the Magic Union. But just before leaving, the old fella left a few words with hidden meanings behind them. Thinking it over, Du Wei figured it was his way of saying that he should go visit the Magic Union as soon as possible.

At the moment, despite how rowdy it is outside, Du Wei appeared uninterested and sat quietly in the carriage.

Passing through a busy street intersection, Du Wei’s convoy finally arrived at the west end not far from the main Palace. And to the north of this location is a man-made river connected to the Lancang Canal. Not only does this river flow through the very heart of the city, it even surrounds the outer perimeters of the palace. Because of this unique layout, the palace is practically a second city within the capital. Once war breaks out, it could even act as a military barricade in times of need. This was especially true in the past when the capital nearly fell due to rebellion.

And facing just south of the Palace’s main entrance is a square the size of two football fields. But more importantly is the statue at the very center of this square. Riding on top of a majestic horse with a sword raised towards the sky, this is none other than Aragon the founding emperor….

With a history of a thousand years, this statue has weathered through numerous dynastic histories of the imperial palace. Of course, this cannot be achieved without the support of the royals. By spending a constant flow of money and effort to maintain and repair the statue, its condition to date remains vivid without any trace of damage.

Now moving further down the square is a straight, flat road about ten meters wide. Looking from the air, the shape of this road was just like a long straight sword piercing into the capital city. Using this road as a sort of borderline, the southern area outside the palace was practically cut into two sides. To the east lies the mansions’ belonging to the most powerful elite nobles of the empire like the Rowling Household. And the west side contains the mansions belonging to the royal relatives of the emperor that doesn’t hold any power.

Of course, the capital still had two very important places and that is the magic union and the temple. Placed on opposite ends of each other, these two factions faces off against each other constantly like two powers striving for control.

Once Du Wei’s convoy made it to the southern region outside the palace, he had his carriage move onto a smaller and quieter road before entering the Earls mansion on the east bend.

As the coach paused to a stop, Marde gently knocked on the door and whispered from the outside: “Master, we are here.”

Taking in a deep breath, Du Wei adjusted his emotions. Then, with a deep smile on his face, he made a “hmm” sound as a reply.

Hearing Du Wei’s reply, Marde quickly opens the door to allow him to walk off the coach. After nearly a year, Du Wei has finally returned to the place where he was born in this world.

The Earl’s mansion cannot be considered luxurious in comparison to the other noble families; however, this just so happens to be the norm among the military families in the empire. Looking at the main entrance, Du Wei recognized the familiar Rowling household crest made up of an Iris flower wearing a crown and two swords wrapping around the body…..

Not daring to disturb him, the others watched on from the side as Du Wei continued to stare at the crest in front of the carriage.

From the beginning, servants and guards belonging to the Earl had long been waiting at the entrance to welcome the young master home. So, under the guidance of Marde, a few of the servants were instructed to bring some of the carriages to the back…..

Regaining his composure, Du Wei finally walked through the main gate to catch sight of his father’s most trusted subordinate “Alpha”.

When he was little, the Earl still had high hopes for him and intended for Alpha to tutor him in martial arts. It was only until later on when they figured out Du Wei had no talents for fighting that the idea was dismissed. But Du Wei knew, this Alpha character’s level of martial strength is superbly high. As the most trusted subordinate of Earl Raymond, this person had followed his father through fire and hell in all these years of service. Not only did he accompany the Earl on his expeditions down south and achieved countless exploits, this Alpha character was also a famed warrior in the capital.

With a tall body and broad shoulders, this person had even held him when he was still young. So after a year of not meeting Alpha, Du Wei could still see how fit this guy was in how straight his waist looked while wearing his warrior robe. If one had to describe this guy, he would be like a common knife hidden away from prying eyes. But once the blade is drawn from the scabbard, he would become a treasured sword unmatched in his sharpness!

Other than his ability, Alpha was also a famously handsome gentleman in the capital. Because of his blonde hair and good looks, he had many noble women’s flocking to him when he was young. But despite all these temptations, Alpha chose the path of a faithful follower to his father. Oddly enough, Alpha still didn’t marry or have any child yet.

With an age of over 40 years old, Alpha looked like he was still in his 30’s. This is all due to his years of intensive Dou Qi training to keep his body in shape. It is only by looking at his pair of blue eyes would one notice the years of life experience he has endured.

Even though Alpha may be the most trusted subordinate under the Earl, the guy didn’t put on any air and quickly came over to Du Wei. Bowing on one knee, Alpha quickly performed a standard family subordinate salute towards him and as such, the 10 elite guards behind him quickly followed suit.

Smiling, Du Wei hurriedly used his hands to pull this faithful subordinate of his father up. Du Wei may be his father’s son, but in their eyes, he is nothing but trash. So inwardly, Du Wei feared that his status wouldn’t even match up to this Alpha character.

“Young Master, you have returned.” Alpha stood up and smiled: “The trip must have been hard. At the moment, the Earl is already waiting for you in the study room. Please go meet him immediately.”

Du Wei nodded.

From the looks of it, this father of his has changed somewhat after what has taken place up till now. If it was before, it was likely only a few servants would come out to greet him in such a situation. But this time around, he actually sent Alpha to receive him. Guess this is his father’s way of showing him some face, right?

“Uncle Alpha.” Du Wei deliberately coughed a few times, and then made an innocent looking face as he spoke: “Your skills seem to have become even more sophisticated after not seeing you for a year. In the coming Rowling Household contest, you will definitely steal the show.”

Alpha just smiled and said nothing. He followed the Earl for 30 years, so what kind of big waves did he not experience yet? Even when Alpha saw the magic scholar’s robe Du Wei was wearing, he did not show any sort of surprise or change in his expression. The only thing the guy did was make a gesture and led Du Wei towards the mansion.

Along the way, they did not speak because Du Wei knew this Alpha character is not a person of many words. As such, Du Wei only paid attention to the furnishing inside his home while they walked.

After one year away, the mansion seemed even more luxurious. Once they went down a hallway and into the garden, he noticed something strange happening in the garden. From the looks of it, some of the housemaids were busy picking flowers for bouquets and placing them on the side.

Thinking it over, Du Wei realized what they were preparing must be for the important upcoming summer festival.

As the day approaches, the joyous atmosphere and faces among the house servants could clearly be seen. So when the servants looked behind Alpha and saw that the young master has returned, they quickly bent over in salute with a smile plastered onto their faces.

“My family has changed a lot.” Du Wei freely said this.

Unexpectedly, the usually silent Alpha suddenly replied to his words: “You are correct. In the past year, the Earl has gained the trust of his majesty. As such, the entire mansion has been renovated.”

Du Wei smiled and glanced at Alpha. But to his surprise, the guy was also glancing at him with strange eyes.

Realizing Du Wei had noticed his prying; Alpha quickly turned his eyes away and continued walking. It’s just that when they reached the inner court, Alpha seemed to deliberately increase his pace so that he was walking beside him. Then, using a whispering tone, Alpha said: “Young Master, recently, the situation in the capital isn’t very good. For security reasons, it would be for the best that you don’t go out often.”

Du Wei was slightly surprised, but when he looks up at Alpha, the guy was looking forward with a calm face as if he had said nothing.

Inwardly, Du Wei could not understand why this Alpha character suddenly reminded him of this. It was as if the guy wanted to warn him out of good will. From his memory, this guard captain had always been cool and calm. Other than his father, this guy would never bother to give another person a second glance or say any extra kind words.

Once they were in front of the study room, Alpha stopped and gave Du Wei a deep glance as he smiled. Then the guard captain turned around and walked away without looking back.

Taking a deep breath, Du Wei opened the study room’s door and went inside.

In comparison, the Earl’s mansion cannot be a match to the Rowling castle back in the Roland Plains. This was the same for the study room. The book collection was also far less when compared to the collection back in the Rowling castle.

But in truth, this study room had long been converted to an important conference room by the Earl. His father is a general, so naturally there would be fewer books in the room.

In his father’s study room, only military documents are stored on top of the shelves. As for the large desk inside, only important high command documents could be seen.

The study room may seem quiet from appearance, but Du Wei knew that this room was the most heavily secured places in the mansion.

For an old noble family of power, their methods of doing things are naturally different. Unlike those that would showcase all their cards up front, the Rowling family would always leave their strongest cards in the shadow.

Following this rule, the study room looked like there isn’t a single guard around, but Du Wei knows that his father must be hiding some shameful dark forces in the shadow. It was exactly because of this dark force under the Earl that Alpha is so trusted – Alpha is in charge of this dark fighting force.

Normally, none would be allowed into this study room without the Earl’s permission. If someone dares to intrude onto the compound, they would pay the price! Du Wei did not understand any of this in the past, but as he gradually grew older, he finally saw through it all. Hidden inside the surrounding yards, walls, and decorations are magic induced energy waves. If one were to touch any of the things without permission, it would immediately send out warnings to the owner. This is obviously a high leveled magic circle!

For instance, if not for Alpha leading him here, Du Wei would not have been able to reach this place alone.

“Alpha must have some magic tool hidden on his body to not trigger a response from the magic circle.” Du Wei suspected.

Putting these distractions behind his mind, Du Wei went inside and saw that his father was currently sitting behind the big desk in the room. With a quill in hand, the dignified and cold face of his father was frowning as he looked at some unknown document in his hand.

Walking in quietly, Du Wei didn’t say anything and simply stood in front of his father with an honest looking face.

It was only after a long time had passed that the Earl finally regained his thoughts. Still frowning, the Earl wrote something onto the document before looking up at Du Wei with a calm face.

After a few moments, the Earl slowly said: “Hmm, you’re back.”

Du Wei took a deep breath before replying: “Yes, I’m back…… Father.”

As soon as Du Wei said this, the Earl’s brow slightly picked up and a flash of light fluctuated across his eyes. Then, opening his mouth slightly, his lips formed into a faint smile as he spoke his next words with a hint of mockery: “Oh…… You call me father…… Ha, Ha! If I remember correctly, for more than 10 years, this is the first time you took the initiative to call me ‘father’, right? ”

Originally Du Wei had prepared himself for whatever is to come, but as soon as his father said these words, he could not help but feel a hint of sourness in his heart.

Quietly looking at this father of his, a stream of emotion forced its way out of him.

He…… Seems to have aged.

At 49 years of age, the Earl wasn’t all that much older than Alpha, but it was clear the Earl looked much older in comparison. You need to understand that as the head of the Rowling clan and household, his responsibility and burden is beyond ordinary. Not only does he have to be exceptionally skilled in the art of fighting, his ability to cope with other powers must stand above everyone.

But still, this father of his has aged, too old and too tired.

The previous tall and triumphant looking general has changed. Even though the Earl’s commanding aura still remained, but the wrinkles around his eyes and age cannot be hidden.

Even when sitting there, his body looked like it wasn’t as straight as before.

Realizing the gaze of his son was wandering around, Raymond gave out a loud cough as a way to refocus Du Wei’s attention.

Slowly rising from his chair, the Earl was wearing a white cotton robe. Unlike the rest of the nobles in the empire, this general preferred this type of simple and clean clothing. This habit of the Earl was from when he was serving in the military – simple yet comfortable.

Slowly circling around the table, the Earl walked up to Du Wei and quietly looked down at Du Wei.

Caught off guard, Du Wei felt confused at not knowing what his father would do.

Under such a majestic gaze for such a long time, Du Wei carefully straightened his body and stood there without even trying to look up at his father’s eyes.

“You…… Grow up some.” Suddenly, the Earl slowly sighed. The majestic voice mellowed somewhat: “When you were away from home last year, your head was only to my chest. But and, you are up to my shoulders!”

Upon hearing these words, Du Wei couldn’t help but quiver…… To stand so close to me, is it just to look at me?

At this moment, this Earl has completely ridden himself the status of a general and chief. Right now, he is only a father!

But when Du Wei’s emotions almost reached the surface, a sudden idea bubbled up into his mind…..

Those crossbows that leaked out of the military!

The military!

Taking a deep breath, Du Wei looked up. His face revealed an awkward looking smile: “Yes father…… But my body is still weak. From appearance, I do not have any of the mighty features that you and brother has. I fear that in a few years, even little brother would grow taller than me.”

Watching the smile on his son’s face, a sudden emotional urge compelled the father to want to hug his son. Holding out his hands ready to embrace his son, the Earl suddenly lets out a sigh before turning it into a couple of taps on Du Wei’s shoulder.

Subsequently, Earl Raymond lets out a wry laugh: “You…… Very well, I don’t blame you. You actually still hate me don’t you?”

Du Wei said nothing and just stood there.

Shaking his head, Earl Raymond sighed and slowly walked back to the desk. Calmly sitting down, the Earl pointed to a chair in the study and said: “You sit down. Starting today, you’re back in the capital. Your every action will be on behalf of the Rowling Household….. I….. I was wrong.”

Frankly admitting his mistake?

Du Wei secretly frowned, not sure what his father wanted to say.

Seeing the expression on Du Wei’s face, the Earl lets out a humph sound before turning around to reach out at a cupboard under the desk. From it, the Earl pulled out a delicate looking crystal bottle and gently twisted it open.

The content of the bottle is clearly a wine of superior quality.

With a smiling face, the Earl said: “Well then, no matter what your opinion of me was in the past, I just want to have a talk with you today. Because as of today, everything that is to happen in the future will be unavoidable! Do you understand?”

；

With two fine crystal glasses filled with red wine. Du Wei and his father were busy immersing themselves in the taste of the wine while unwilling to be the first to speak.

After a long time, a flickered of thought crossed the Earl’s eyes. Then, with a smile, he said:

“I really did not expect my son to be so good! Ah, my good son! I really missed out all these years….. No need to say much, just your patience and calm is enough to surprise me.”

“From when I forced you out of the capital and sent you to the Roland Plains, I have actually been constantly informed of your doings.” The Earl slowly said this. This is actually not all that surprising. As the chief of the Rowling Household, it would actually be weird if he didn’t know.

“It was only one year, but you manage to create so many things to amaze me. My son…. Humph, that whatever soccer. You managed to turn that small little game into a money making machine and into a business. Also, there is that hot air balloon contraption….. I know that in the previous birthday of your mother, the whatever ‘forgiveness of the Goddess of dawn’, that is called…… Fireworks, right? Not bad, it is very surprising. Although the family has income from other channels, but the Roland Plains can produce around a few hundred thousand gold coins in tax every year. But you only spent a year there, yet you managed to….. Oh, let me see…… There are more than 140,000 coins, right?”





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 118




Chapter 118 “father and son” (part two)

Du Wei was faintly surprised. He did not think his father would investigate so clearly! The only people that have a complete grasp on his private properties is only himself and Marde. In his mind, Du Wei believes Marde is absolutely faithful to him and would never disclose any of this. For his father to know all of this, it would seem he spent quite the effort!

“This is the first year, if another two years pass by, your annual personal income…. I’m afraid it will be more than the tax income of the Rowling Household! I never thought my son was actually a business genius.”

Since his father is showing all his cards, Du Wei had no intention to keep hiding this. With a laugh, he said: “Those are just some stupid things I came up with. Though they can make money, but they are just small time things. At the moment, the family is not lacking in money, so I don’t believe it would be any use to the family.”

“So then, what about your fleet?” Earl Raymond smiles.

Du Wei was not surprised that his father knew about the fleet. Shrugging, Du Wei continued to speak: “it was just an accident. I happened to meet a very good puncher. Without her help, I would never have been able to get a fleet……”

Earl Raymond sighed. He stared at the Du Wei with a frown, then slowly said: “I’m very perplexed….. Why?”

“？” Du Wei glanced at his father’s eyes.

“You’re smart.” Earl Raymond’s tone was deep. Slowly, he said each word clearly: “I think your cleverness is rare even among our family history! When I was a teenager, I never had your level of mind and skill! So why? When you were in the capital, why did you keep such a low profile and allow others to misunderstand you as an idiot? Now thinking about it, even though you didn’t deliberately act like an idiot, but it seems like you never intended to confront such a misconception. In fact, I feel you were very happy that such a situation developed! So, I want to ask you…… Why!”

Earl Raymond looked at his son; his voice was firm as he waited for Du Wei’s answer.

Why?

Du Wei was silent for a long time; this problem was really difficult to answer…… No, it’s not hard, but instead, it cannot be answered!

Although it was not on purpose, but he did relish in the fact that he unintentionally led everyone to misunderstand him as an idiot.

Because he is not of this world and only wants to lazily and freely live in this world….. How can he possibly explain this to others?

Yes, Du Wei just wants to live in freedom and peace. But in the Imperial capital, he cannot accomplish this point!

For these reasons, he cannot tell his father.

Watching the silent Du Wei, Earl Raymond could not wait for the answer. Again, he sighed as he shook his head: “If you don’t want to say, then I won’t force you. But I know…… You… Don’t seem to like me even from an early age… Right?”

Du Wei was not talking.

Earl Raymond did not wait for Du Wei’s reply this time either; instead, he continued to selfishly talk.

“When you were born, I was not by your side. As the chief of the clan, I had to assume the entire honor and responsibility of the family! As general of the empire, I have to carry the burden of expanding the frontier in the empire. Even when I met you at the age of three…. In my heart, I felt deeply guilty towards you and your mother…. ” Earl Raymond slowly took a sip from his glass of wine. Then, with a self-deprecating chuckle, he continued to speak: “But you should be able to understand that being a man, there are many times that these thoughts cannot be easily expressed.”

Du Wei continued to say nothing.

“You don’t like me. When I first came home and picked you, I can already see this point from your eyes. From the beginning, you never talked. If not for Marde later on….. Ha-ha!

You don’t even want to make contact with me… Though I don’t know why you are able to have such thoughts when you are still so young. Maybe it’s because you are a rare genius among the Rowling family…… Or maybe because when you were younger, I wasn’t around. For not being there for you, you dislike me. If it was for these reasons, I can still understand.”

For a while, Earl Raymond suddenly asked, “Do you know why I wanted to take you out of the Capital?”

“I…… Know.” Du Wei finally answered. Then he whispered, “Because you are disappointed in me, that I am not a qualified heir.”

Earl Raymond nodded: “You hate me?”

Du Wei shook his head: “No, what I have to say is…… I don’t hate you.”

“Oh, really?” Earl Raymond was slightly surprised.

“Yes.” Du Wei sat up straighter, his tone solemn: “You’re a father, but more importantly, you are the family’s chief. For this reason, you cannot treat your sons like an ordinary father! You need to consider the future of the family. As such, you cannot place the prosperity of the family in the hands of such a worthless son. I understand this kind of behavior….. So, I don’t bear a grudge.”

“You really understand.” Earl Raymond did not seem too surprised: “But your speculation is only half right.”

He stood up, gently holding his glass as he came up to Du Wei: “The other half you don’t know. The real reason is…… I have to protect you! My son! You…… Are after all, my son! I did it to protect you!”

Du Wei broke out into a quiver.

“The capital is the center of power on the Roland Continent! The most prosperous city on the continent, but at the same time, it is the place most likely to eat a person! Humph…… You have a look: his Imperial Majesty, the royalty Group, the nobles groups, the military groups, the Temple’s power, the force of the Magic Union…… For hundreds of years, you eat me, I bite you…… Humph, for hundreds of years, how many of those once-proud families have disappeared into the vortex of time! In the past, I misjudged you, thinking you are a…… Hmm, although I’m disappointed in you, but you are still my son! I can’t watch on and continue to let you to grow up in this man eating capital! I thought you weren’t smart enough and mediocre at best, so, I was afraid that at any time, you will be eaten by others without any remains left to salvage! So, I threw you back into the Roland Plains. This is designed to protect you!”

Earl Raymond looked at his son, at this moment; his facial expression was that of a father.

“My idea was simple: Although you did not have the gift to inherit the family, but after all, you are my son! I decided to let you stay away from this complex and dangerous side of the imperial palace. This way, you can be secured and live a free and happy life. Even if you’re mediocre, you can at least safely live in comfort as long as the family in the capital does not fall! And even if……”

“Even if what?” Du Wei could not stop himself in asking.

“Even if the family faces a disaster in the capital and follow the same road as those long forgotten noble families in history, you will at least have some time to escape! At that time, you can hide your identity and help the family leave a seed!” This imperial court general spoke slowly: “All noble families does this! In the worst case that the family falls in the capital, there would at least be a seed left in the world!”

Du Wei looked solemn.

“You are my son.” Earl Raymond sternly continued: “Once upon a time I thought you were not as smart as your brother Gabri. But in my heart, I still love with you.”

Du Wei suddenly felt moved inside. Despite his tough demeanor, but the emotions inside him was pushing out like waves unable to be controlled!

“I told you these things today not because I have to…. But because these things have been misunderstood for far too long! And now I see you are much smarter than I thought! So, I don’t want to waste any more time. The words inside my heart have all been said, because right now, there is another matter I must tell you……”

“What is it?”

“You must be very perplexed…..” Earl Raymond looked gloomy: “Arguably, after you were recognized as the disciple of Gandalf, I should have summoned you back to the capital. But yet I stalled for so long! Do you not wonder why?”

Du Wei bitterly said: “I….. Thought that you don’t like me.”

Earl Raymond shook his head, “No, what I want to tell you is even now, I don’t want you back! Calling you back to capital now is after I dragged it and pushed it off to my limit. Under the pressure of multiple powers, I had no choice but be forced to call you back to the capital! This was not my intention!”

Du Wei frowned: “I may have the identity of Gandalf’s disciple, but why is it so important? Why would it cause so much trouble to follow?? Other than me, there are still other living disciples of Gandalf, so why must it be me that causes such troubles?”

Earl Raymond suddenly sneered, pointing towards the mage robe on Du Wei: “It is because of your robe!!”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 119




Chapter 119 “little crack”

The Magician’s robe?

Looking at his father’s eyes, though still vague, but he seems to have caught a trace of something.

“But it’s just a status of a magician, is it so important?” Du Wei smiles bitterly.

“If it was only a magician, no one would care even if you are directly given a high leveled magician badge of rank……. The Mage robe on your body is not ordinary! Magic Scholar, Ha-ha…..” Earl Raymond sneered.

Du Wei asked again, but this time around, the Earl suddenly closed his mouth. Looking a bit unsettled, the Earl pondered the question for a moment before replying slowly: “Well then, you just came back, you’ll soon understand these complicated matters anyways… There’s no need to rush….. Oh, that’s right; you still haven’t met your mother yet. She misses you every day. Those Fireworks you sent on her last birthday made her miss you dearly for a few days. Since I called you to the study room the moment you returned, she must be getting very anxious waiting.”

Figuring his father still has some matters he doesn’t want to say yet, Du Wei did not pursue. Putting down the cup of wine, he bowed and faintly smiled: “Well then father, I’ll first go see mother.”

“Go on then……” Earl Raymond waved his hand, but when Du Wei came to the door, he suddenly stopped him.

“Wait.”

Hearing these words, Du Wei was slightly moved when he stopped. Turning around, he looked this father of his and said: “Do you have anything to say?”

“……” Earl Raymond’s pair of eyes reveals a complex emotion as he peered at him for a long time. Then in a low voice, the Earl said: “You….. Got nothing to tell me?”

The Earl’s voice was slightly sharp and touching, but when he looked at Du Wei, his eyes weren’t as bright or sharp as it should be. In fact, it was even somewhat hazy.

“…… No.” Du Wei doesn’t know why, but the images of those military crossbows flashed across his mind once again. Although his father dismissed some of the doubts in his heart with all these fond words, but inwardly, he still had some concerns he could quite figure out.

Hearing his reply, Earl Raymond lets out a wry smile. Then, with a sigh, he looked straight into Du Wei’s eyes: “I hear that on the way you encountered some…… Accident?”

Although unsettled by those words, Du Wei’s face didn’t show the slightest hint of it. Nodding, he replied in a calm tone: “Yes, but it was only some encounter with some Bandits.

Bandits?

In truth, both of them fully understood this is just a perfunctory excuse. Du Wei believed that even if he ordered the guard leader from before not to tell the military about the crossbows, but this most definitely cannot be concealed from his father! Earl Raymond is after all the chief of the Rowling Household. The allegiance of the family lies with him, not with someone like Du Wei – who is powerless and considered an idiot.

Even if the guard leader dare hide this from his father, the other guards present that night would definitely not do it.

So this matter is actually Du Wei’s last “question mark” for the day.

Why did his father show such emotional affection in the conversation earlier? Although impressive, but Du Wei is not a young teenager…… With two lifetimes in him, his mentality has already matured to the point that it is much much more deeper than anyone imagined!

Even in the face of his Lord father, Du Wei dare not to completely trust each other.

“Bandits……” Earl Raymond’s eyes calmed down and his face returned to the dignified family chief that it once was.

But in Du Wei’s case, his heart was pounding…..

He is waiting, and hoping for his father to take the initiative to mention the crossbows. If he mentioned it first, then Du Wei would be more willing to believe this is all true. He would believe those caressing words his father spouted earlier is not for show, it was something a father would say from the very core of his heart!

However, bit by bit, the hope in his heart faded away under the pondering moments of his father…..

Sure enough, Raymond Earl laughed. His laugh was just like how he called him “son” earlier in the generally mild tone:

“The matter is not simple, I’ll order the garrison to investigate and see if there have been any bandits near the capital.” Speaking up to here, Earl Raymond coldly snorted and his face reverted back to the majestic expression he had in the beginning. Raising a fist, he slammed it on top of the table: “I’d like to see who is so bold to make a move on my son while under my nose! I fear this matter is not just about some bandits. It is likely some kind of conspiracy!”

Once he finished, he looked at Du Wei and said: “…… It’s for the best that you don’t mention the ambush to your mother. This way we can avoid having her worry.”

“Yes.” Du Wei’s heart sank to the very bottom. Forcing out a flattering smile on his face, he bowed to his father and then carefully turned out of the room.

Once out the door, Du Wei looked at the sky. Though the Sun’s harsh rays of light were shining on his body in the middle of summer, but he was still feeling icy cold inside!

He…… Said nothing.

He did not say it!

He did not mention a single word about the military’s Crossbow!

Shrouded in the sun’s light, his body was finally starting to feel a bit warm, but his mouth felt slightly bitter.

He did not mention a single word!

Though still smiling on his face, the light in his eyes started to dim down.

Regarding the issue with the military crossbow, Du Wei intentionally intimidated the guard leader that day so that he could test his father!

Du Wei is not foolish enough to think that his little intimidation is enough to hide the event from his father. At the moment, Earl Raymond definitely knows all the details!

He was in fact waiting to see if his father would come clean and tell him the truth!

If he said it, then Du Wei would have further believed this father of his that made a complete change in attitude towards him. But if he didn’t say it…. In this case, both of them understood it was just a way to avoid the problem.

Standing outside the courtyard, Captain Alpha waved his hand towards him while smiling.

Du Wei coughed once, and then marched towards Alpha.

Seeing him, Alpha’s expression was very mild when he spoke: “Did the Earl scold you?”

Du Wei shook his head and smiled faintly: “No. Father seems to have become nicer to me, so I was a little surprise and lost track of time.”

He disguised it very well. Even though others understood now this young master is no idiot, but a genius, but how can anyone think a 14 year old would have such a mind.

Captain Alpha laughed, and then suddenly patted Du Wei: “Young master, let’s go see her lady-ship… When you were in the study room, her lady-ship was really anxious and sent someone over here multiple times.”

It was only after listening to Alpha that Du Wei looked a bit more pleasing. With joyful eyes, he bid his farewell to Alpha and directly headed to where the Countess was.

When Du Wei was gone, Alpha comfortably walked through the yard and opened the study room’s door.

In the entire Earl’s mansion, only this captain has this privilege of directly entering the study room without knocking.

In the study room, Earl Raymond was already sitting in his chair behind the desk with contemplating expression.

“How is he?” Looking into the eyes of Alpha, Earl Raymond sighed.

“Young master went to meet her lady-ship.” Alpha stood at the door and closed it behind him.

“When he first walked outside, did he act unnatural?”

Thinking it over, Alpha shook his head.

Earl Raymond eyes were thinking even more. After a long pause, he smiled. Then with a hint of mockery and a trace of anger, he spoke coldly: “This son of mine, although his age is still small, but his mind has a lot on it…… After experiencing the assassination, it is as if he can’t trust anyone, even me! The guard captain around him was warned by him not to say anything… Alpha, do you think he’s going to be suspicious of me?”

Thinking it over, Alpha firmly said: “My Lord, there are those military stamps on the crossbow, it is only normal for the young master to doubt…… Plus, your relationship with him is not that great… Just now, did you?”

“I said nothing earlier….. I just pretend not to know.” Earl Raymond sneered: “The little thing has grown up is very smart. Not only is he wise enough to endure after eating such a loss, he is capable of warning those around him to keep it a secret. But no matter what, he is still too young and his experience is too shallow. In the family, who would dare lie to me? However, I simply took advantage of this point and pretended not to know. If he pursued the matter and asked me, I would be hard for me to answer!”

At the moment the Earl’s face was resolute and bleak, nowhere could one see the fatherly face from before.

Pausing for a bit, the spirit in his eyes faded away: “This matter is still because of that captain having a big mouth! If not for his big mouth talking about the military’s crossbow, how could a child like him understand these kinds of things? After today, I fear my son would from now on not be open with me….. That big mouth fool, help me go deal with him.”

“Yes.” Alpha nodded. Then, as if hesitating: “Your lordship……”

Earl Raymond took one look at his eyes, his face slightly loose: “Well then, Alpha, it’s just the two of us here, between us, you don’t have to scruple.”

Alpha sighed: “My Lord, Master Du Wei is so clever. And it could be seen that he has his own means in handling this matter. For the family to have such a talent, isn’t it not something you been yearning for all these years? From what I’ve seen, the young master will definitely soar in the future…..”

“It also depends on the future.” Earl Raymond shook his head helplessly: “Right now, both sides are pressuring me to the point where I can’t breathe…. Whether I can make it pass this hurdle….. Even I’m not certain. As for this son of mine, we will see if the goddess is looking down on him!”

In the end, his eyes became even more decisive!





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 120




Chapter 120 “Discord in the Earl’s mansion”

Though by the time he left the Earl’s study room, his thoughts were still unsettled; nonetheless, he pushed all of this to the back of his mind to go meet his mother.

Speaking of the Rowling Household, his feelings towards it is special and complex.

As a mature young man, he was inexplicably thrown into this world without any forewarning. To make things worse, his body reverted to that of a baby and was forced to face the odd circumstance of calling some strangers his parents. For this reason, he just couldn’t truly think of the countess as his real mother.

This is actually pretty normal. Imagine, a young man is suddenly forced to forget their parents and asked to go recognize some irrelevant person to take their place. In real life, no one could truly accept such a thing in their heart.

But with the passing of time in the Earl’s mansion, his feelings towards this beautiful and kind hearted countess gradually grew. In particular, the major changing point for him was when the countess kneeled in the temple all night praying for his wellbeing. Not only did she spend countless sleepless nights caring for him, she never expected anything in return for all her sacrifice. How can Du Wei not possibly be emotionally “moved” by her actions?

Also, by the time he was three years old, Du Wei deliberately acted low-key without any talent to escape his responsibilities. For this, he was even ridiculed by others as an idiot. By the time his father expressed his dissatisfaction with him; the countess still loved him and remained by his side despite everyone else’s cold treatment. Day by day, the countess would always come to his room at night and coax him to sleep….. Bit by bit, her motherly love gradually melted away the barrier in his heart to form the bond only a parent would have with their child.

It can be said that Du Wei really didn’t hold much emotion towards his so called “father”….. But towards this countess, he really did develop some sort of filial love towards her.

After a year away from home, Du Wei returned to the inner court to see her lady-ship already waiting for him in front of the doorway. Donning a purple dress, she smiled the moment her eyes caught sight of him.

Taken aback by the heartwarming welcome from the countess, Du Wei fell into a sort of trance about his time with her when he was still young. Every night, she would embrace him in her arms and lull him to sleep. Eventually, he would even habitually hold onto her hair to sleep every night.

The soft and smooth feeling….

From appearances, the countess still looked as beautiful as ever with her pair of gentle caring eyes. Although the passing of time has left traces on her face, but she is still as bright and caring as ever.

Right now, Du Wei really felt emotionally moved inside his heart. Picking up his pace, he used both of his hands to hold onto hers and knelt down on one knee. Then using a soft voice, he said: “I’m back…… Dear mother!”

The way he cried out “mother” was so natural that it cannot be compared to the way he called to his “father”.

With glossy looking eyes, the Countess used both of her warm hands to slowly lift him from the ground. Then, with a gentle hug, she whispered into his ear: “After this time, I will never let him get rid of you again!”

Her voice wasn’t loud, but it was filled with unwavering determination!

Accompanying the countess into the room, they spent some much needed quality time between mother and son.

While inside, the countess looked at her eldest son that has lost the favor of her husband and was treated cruelly by all in the household. In her mind, the countess knew that beside her, none in this home truly cared for Du Wei.

For a moment, pain filled her heart at the mere thought of Du Wei spending the year in the Rowling castle. In a spur of the moment, she asked him about the situation back in the Rowling Plains. Although she knew that Du Wei would never be mistreated even if he fell out of favor, but as a mother, how can she not worry?

Emotionally moved by her concern, Du Wei raised his spirit and explained all the fun things that had happened in the Rowling Plains. In the end, Du Wei finally managed to close the last trace of sadness and concern in her.

Lost in their conversation, the two nearly forgot to have lunch even after the day have crossed noon. Du Wei may be fine even if he didn’t eat, but he was worried about the countess’s hunger. As such, he intentionally touched his belly and laughed: “Mother, I came out early today and still didn’t have anything in my stomach yet.”

At this, the Countess finally regained her thought and quickly laughed: “Alas…… I forgot. After not seeing you for one year, I only remembered to talk to you……. I’ll call the servants to bring food immediately.”

Du Wei smiled: “Don’t worry, let me arrange this meal…. When I was at the old home, I figured out a new way to eat, it is very interesting.”

With that, Du Wei had someone summon Marde to him and instructed this trusted aid of his to bring out the metal grills and charcoal he brought along in the carriage…. Then he had some of the kitchen staffs bring out several dishes of: raw meat, internal organs, and some fresh vegetables.

With everything in order, he pulled the countess out of the room with him and had Marde set up the grill in the middle of the yard. Then cutting up the food into thin slices, he skewered the meat and vegetable onto the forks. With that set and done, he pulled out the special barbecue sauce he made before and began cooking the feast.

He had always been a bachelor in his previous life, so all his meals were prepared specifically by him. For this reason, his cooking isn’t all that bad. Although he has servants to cater to him in this life, he would still sometimes out of boredom try to tinker with some cooking methods to mimic the foods in his previous world.

Let’s take this roast lamb for example. Using the waist from a calf, he seasoned it with a bottle of spice that is similar to seasoning salt in his previous world. By grinding up a plant in this world not commonly used, he was able to mix the powder from it with salt to produce the flavor so commonly found in the street food stands back in China.

Once the first piece of meat is done, he handed it to his mother and smiled: “Taste this mother, the flavor is quite unique!”

The Countess is a woman, so she doesn’t eat much meat to begin with; however, after separating from her beloved son for a year, how can she refuse? Seeing the barbeque smoke still sticking to Du Wei’s face, the Countess nearly fell into tears at how emotionally moved she was feeling. So under the watchful gaze of her beloved son, the Countess finished every bite of the tender broiled lamb….. This astonishing amount of intake has been beyond her normal consumption already.

Seeing how joyful his mother was, Du Wei grilled up even more to present to everyone. In the end, even the servant maids around them managed to savor the delicious meat prepared by the young lord.

After Du Wei accompanied the countess for half a day, she was radiating with joy. So when Du Wei saw that the sun was beginning to set, he smiled and said: “On mother’s last birthday, I wasn’t able to make it and could only have Marde bring you the Firework present I made. But this time, I brought a lot more with me. Once the sky is dark, I’ll show you!”

With a soft smile, the Countess replied, “No need…… Let’s first keep it for now. The summer festival is only a few days away, we can show it then and make it livelier.”

After listening to her words, Du Wei conversed with his mother for a while longer until the sky was finally dark. Returning to the room with her, Du Wei suddenly realized something and asked: “I haven’t seen brother Gabri all day, where did he go? Could it be that he made a mistake and father grounded him inside his room?”

When the subject of his brother came up, the Countess could not help but sigh: “Your brother went out this morning, I am afraid he won’t be back until very late…… Alas. Your father’s expectation of him is very high. It’s fine to have Alpha teach him martial arts on a regular basis, but your father actually went out of his way to ask the famous scholar Mr. Blue Ocean to be your brother’s teacher. Because of Mr. Blue Ocean’s identity, we can’t have him come to our place to teach your brother. As such, Gabri needs to go visit him every other day to learn from him. Today is supposed to the first day for your brother, but Mr. Blue Ocean is already giving him a test. I’m afraid he won’t be back so early……”

Du Wei could not help but sigh.

The difference is too big!

Since small, Gabri had always been exceptionally clever, but this dad of mine really is holding nothing back!

As for this Mr. Blue Ocean, even Du Wei had heard about his fame. Known as the leading scholar in the capital’s university, this Blue Ocean’s status would be even higher than the Mr. Rosia scholar his dad first invited to teach him! From rumors, it is said that even some of the royal family members could not invite him to be their teacher.

By night time, Du Wei returned to his original living quarters in the mansion before he was forced out of the capital. This place is very far from where the Earl and the Countess lived, so thinking about, it could be said that the Earl didn’t want to see this son of his that didn’t live up to expectation.

Upon seeing the familiar yard outside his room, Du Wei noticed how fresh and clean everything looked from appearance. It was obvious his mother had the servants tend to the place daily.

But even more surprising was the fact that when he entered his room, he could see the book he carelessly threw on the table before he left was still unmoved. Carefully inspecting everything, Du Wei couldn’t even find a speck of dust anywhere!

Prior to coming here, he had already made sure every servant knew not to disturb him in this place. So closing the door behind him, he conjured up a noise silencing spell around the room and walked towards the mirror in the room.

First, he tidied his clothing in front of the mirror, and then he loosened his hair bun on top of his head. Seeing the horn, he couldn’t help but sigh….. “This horn is a real hassle. When I met mother today, she almost touched it when she reached out her hands to embrace me.” Fortunately Du Wei was smart and quietly avoided her attempt. “No matter what, this horn is not convenient…. I need to find a solution.”

Subsequently, Du Wei opened a specially made box he had Marde bring into his room – under his order; Marde had already carried all of his belonging into his room earlier today. Then from inside the box came the grievance cry of QQ: “My god, you finally came! Spending a day like this nearly bored me to death!”

With that, penguin jumped out alone and began stretching his body. Following close behind, Gargamel quickly jumped out while panting. Then, with a discontent glare, the mouse said: “I say, can you prepare a different place for us? Staying in such a small little box is way too boring!”

“Bored?” Du Wei smiled: “Shouldn’t it be a few air holes instead?”

Infuriated, Gargamel said: “Do you really think of me as a pet! Don’t forget, I Gargamel is a magician! To be locked in this box for the day…. Aiya…… Don’t you know, even if you give us something to eat…… We still need to go to the washroom!”

With that, Gargamel was already looking around in all directions, and then he quickly ran towards the general direction of the washroom.

Once QQ is comfortable enough, the bird completely disregarded Du Wei and jumped in front of the mirror to fix up his feathers. After a long time, the bird finally breathed out a sigh of relief: “Dashing! So dashing! From now on, you mustn’t put me and that mouse together! Such beautiful plumage of mine is stained with that ugly gray fur of his! It is so embarrassing!”

Du Wei gave this heavenly beast a look and then sneered: “Looks bad eh? Although he is a mouse, but at the very least he still capable of teaching me magic….. What about you? Other than talking, you are just wasting my food. I really don’t know why Aragon left you to me…. What the hell!”

QQ immediately protested: Nonsense! I am the world’s most……

“Most elegant creature, right?” Du Wei curled his lip: “Can gracefulness be used to fill the belly? Even if you become even more graceful, you are still nothing but a bird. Other than always complaining to me, what else can you help me with?”

With that, Du Wei ignored this silly bird and turned around to go organize his luggage.

It’s not that Du Wei hated QQ, but after the passing of the old magician, his outlook towards this Aragon fella has dropped a few points. Even if he didn’t try, anything related to this founding emperor would unconditionally be looked upon by him in a negative light…..

Taking out his magic bag, he pulled out the things Aragon left him.

These things really didn’t have much value. Other than that ancient King’s sword – already broken – Aragon really didn’t leave anything of value. Just looking at the things in front of him is starting to depress Du Wei.

A ragged and dirty piece of cloth is actually enchanted by some magic to make it unbreakable after a thousand years. But when Du Wei opened the thing, all he saw was some gibberish looking markings that he could not understand. After carefully looking it over, he confirmed in his mind that it is a picture. The main problem is that it was drawn in such a vague manner that he couldn’t figure out what it was exactly.

No indication of text, the only thing written on the thing was some messed up patterns. So how can he figure it out?

In addition, there is a book…… And this booklet was even more of a headache.

Originally stored inside an iron box, the moment he opened it, he saw that the booklet was covered in a layer of rust. Fortunately, the entire book was made out of thin sheets of gold! After Du clearing away the rust, he looked through every page of the booklet and saw that they were all inscribed with some square and circle patterns with some texts on top of it…..

Studying the pages for a long time, Du Wei was frustrated by the fact that he couldn’t figure out what the texts above the diagrams meant. Since small, he had spent his childhood reading all those ancient and difficult to understand books in the library. As such, there wouldn’t be that many things on the continent that he wouldn’t know.

But yet, he had no clue regarding this text.

For this reason, this gold booklet is yet another useless garbage in his possession. Prior to leaving the Rowling Plains, he had already copied the symbols onto another piece of paper and asked around to see if there is anyone capable of deciphering the diagram. Unfortunately, every craftsman he asked could not make out what the pictures were.

Except for that damn picture and the strange Gold Booklet, Aragon also left him a few bottles of strange powder. Despite being quite knowledgeable in magic pharmacy, Du Wei could not figure out what exactly this powder is.

No matter what, these things are all left by Aragon, so even the bottle used to hold the powder was made from high quality materials. As such, he didn’t throw any of the things in the trash and kept them hidden away.

Point one: A scroll of Aragon’s most powerful martial skill set is not included.

Point two: A scroll of Aragon’s most powerful magic skill set is not included.

Point three: a ragged looking picture, a gold booklet he couldn’t figure out, and bottles of powder he couldn’t identify…..

Humph

This is all what Aragon left him.

Of course…… There are the ragged looking king’s sword and the noisy talking penguin.

As for the King’s sword in his possession – though tattered – but the seven gemstones embedded onto the scabbard is still not ordinary. Despite being drained of energy already, these gemstones are still from high leveled magical beasts, so there still many uses for them.

Taking these things out often to study and research them, Du Wei didn’t make much progress after reading Aragon’s will again. But Du Wei did follow what was written on the will and treated penguin kindly as instructed. To him, he just thought of it as keeping an extra pet around.

As for that oddly shaped crystal inside the sword handle, he spent a few days looking it over to find nothing special….

Generally speaking, everything in his possession at the moment has no value.

Letting out a sigh, Du Wei ultimately could not bear to throw these things away. Finding a secretive location in his room, he tucked them carefully away. It didn’t matter to him if someone in the household found the things because if he couldn’t figure out what they were, others definitely won’t understand either.

As for what Gandalf left him, they were all precious things with immeasurable value! In the past two months, Du Wei had managed to make some progress after following the Druid learning manual.

By night time, Du Wei had managed to organize everything in his possession; but in the end, he couldn’t sleep. Opening the window, he gazed up into the sky and pondered at the stars glittering in the nightly sky. Then closing his eyes, he began meditating to practice his magic.

Stars magic, even to this day, Du Wei wasn’t able to get a good understanding of it. Though his energy pool and control over magic have increased significantly, but–but…..

Semel….. Since Gandalf’s death, Du Wei couldn’t get her to come out no matter how much he called for her! Without guidance from someone, Du Wei would of course be unable to proceed any further in Stars Magic.

By dawn, Du Wei opened his eyes and felt his spirit was bursting with strength. Not only was his perception extra sensitive, he could perceive the subtle movements of everything within his radius. Inwardly, he knew that if he tried, he could easily expand this sensory radius to hundreds of meters around him to the point of hearing even the vibration of insect wings!

Looking back at his bedroom, he could see both the mouse and the bird QQ had already invaded his bed. Such a scene is truly funny.

Du Wei was already used to this so he didn’t bother to care about these minor details.

By morning, he drove the two off the bed and hid them away. Then he ordered several servants to serve breakfast.

Recalling his brother Gabri that he still haven’t seen yet, he couldn’t help but ask the servant serving him. Without delay, the servant said: “Her lady-ship knew the young master would definitely ask so she instructed me to tell you this. After taking the test last night, his teacher was exalted and asked him to stay the night. So, he still didn’t come back yet.”

Du Wei nodded, and asked his servant to go out: This little kid really is smart. It seems his effort back then is not in vain. To be able to win the favor of the number one scholar in the capital, this Mr. Blue Ocean will definitely teach him a lot.

With a bright future, this kid will carry the family burden… In his mind, Du Wei would of course be pleased to see such a sight.

Without incident in the morning, Du Wei went to see his mother again. After spending some time with her, he quickly found realized he was beginning to feel somewhat bored again. Back on the Rowling Plains, he was so busy delegating between: his subordinate, his business, and the magic testing with Solskjaer.

But when he returned to the capital, he found himself with nothing to do.

After contentedly grabbing a book to read, he found himself to be a bit bored. Then suddenly, he remembered the words from Clark before the guy left.

“Maybe a trip to magic union?” No matter what, the title of Gandalf’s disciple is hanging over his head. Although he is still not a genuine magician, but when he was in the capital before, he had never been to the magic union. Maybe it would be good to go have a look.

And in the present, he is facing all these complicated matters. Perhaps he can get some news in the magic Union!

Du Wei is someone that does something the moment he thinks of it. Immediately, he put on his clothing and donned the black mage robe on top. Then closing the door shut, he left behind his two pets in the room and ordered the servants that none is allowed near his room.

After ordering Marde to ready the carriage, he walked towards the front gate. But to his surprise, this Captain Alpha character suddenly came out of nowhere!

Didn’t this guy go with his father to the military high command?

With a slight frown, Du Wei looked at this loyal follower of his family. Then, with a smile, he greeted Alpha.

Alpha remained calm as he came up to Du Wei. Then, with a whispering voice, he said: “Young master, I advised you yesterday to stay inside, but it appears you may not have heard. What, you are going out today already?”

Du Wei smiled and said, “I’m going to take a trip to the magic Union.”

Upon hearing this, Alpha had a strange light in his eyes. Then, with a sigh, he said: “In that case…… Since the assassination situation is still not cleared yet, I’ll accompany you on this trip.”

Once he heard this, Du Wei’s heart sank. Although he didn’t give any of this away on his face, but a hint of dissatisfaction is unavoidable!

What is this? Is he under house arrest?

Du Wei may be thinking this, but he didn’t show any of this. With a smile, he said: “No need right? I’m only a child; it should be fine if I bring a few bodyguards with me. You are the guard captain of the family, how can I have you follow a kid like me around?”

Alpha shook his head: “No, it is for the best that I follow along. I do not feel at ease with you going out alone.”

Du Wei knew he can’t refuse this, so he nodded. Then Alpha summoned several bodyguards to them and it just so happens that these guards were the same group he brought along from the Rowling Plains. But after having a quick look, Du Wei noticed the minor guard leader that had reminded him about the crossbow is missing. Somewhat shocked, he pretended to inadvertently look at one of the soldiers. Then, with a laugh, he asked: “Your Captain?”

Once Du Wei questioned him, the soldier paused for a moment, then immediately answered: “He was sent back to the Rowling Plain by Captain Alpha…..”





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.





* * *





Chapter 121




Chapter 121 “tradition”

Not waiting for him to finish his words, Du Wei patted the soldier on the shoulder and smiled: “its fine then, I’m just asking. Damn, if I knew he would be going back, then I would have asked him to help bring a message for me.”

Although Alpha frowned with dissatisfaction, but the guy didn’t stop him. The only thing Alpha did was glance at the soldier a bit before calling someone to bring the carriage over. With Du Wei safely inside his coach, Alpha saddled onto his horse and led the way in the front.

Located on the west side of the capital, the main branch of the magic union is surrounded by a gigantic circular plaza. Unlike what Du Wei had originally expected, the mysterious and legendary atmosphere he was looking forward to could not be found anywhere in this place.

With circular white columns erected throughout the entire plaza, the overall shape rendered into a diamond form magic array on the ground. Using this array as an energy source, all the flames inside this magic array would never die out. Even at night, the land around the magic union would be lit a bright. It is said that the flames in this place had never been extinguished since 960 years ago. The representation behind this is to show the world that magic will continue to flourish endlessly!

At the same time, because of their unique status, no party would dare mess with the magic union. This was especially true during the two times when the empire fell into turmoil.

Once Du Wei’s carriage came into the vicinity of the plaza, their pace quickly slowed down; like this, they took one of the six paths available to them and headed towards the six pointed tall building in the middle of the plaza.

If one were to look at the place from a bird’s eye view, they would find that the different magic themed buildings around the plaza would just be in the right spot and form a six hexagon magic pattern.

Getting off his carriage upon arrival, Du Wei took a long look at the building.

Though the structure only has three floors, but the shape is similar to that of a well with a hexagon shaped tower in the middle. According to the records Du Wei read when he was a child, this magnificent tower should be exactly 88 meters in length and only slightly lower than the one in the palace.

Then from his side, Alpha suddenly spoke up: “Young master, this place should be very secure. You should go alone, I’ll wait here.”

Du Wei took one look at Alpha: “You are not coming with me?”

With eyes filled with pride, Alpha smiled: “Young master, you forget, I am a knight!”

On the Roland continent, both magic and martial arts may have a long history, but because of how prosperous magic has been in the past millennium, martial arts have long been suppressed by magic through the ages.

Typically speaking, when a Mage is in actual combat, their fighting strength is usually higher than a warrior of the same rank. For example: a single Mage Clark was enough to fend off multiple assassins by summoning a single undead warrior.

Although in general theory, a Mage specialized in long range remote attacks while a warrior specializes in melee attacks. But with the passing of time, it would seem the trend is leaning towards long range more than melee.

While the public believed a Mages biggest weakness is close combat, but as magic developed over the ages, the profession has developed certain methods to counter this weakness. Like the spirit warrior of death from before. This undead creature is capable of providing close combat protection for the magician. Other examples include defensive barriers and etc.

Adding all of these points up, a Mage should have a huge advantage over a warrior of the same rank.

If not for the fact that training a Mage is much more difficult than a warrior, the “Society of Knights” would be in an even more embarrassing situation.

After all, even if a person lacked talent, they could make up for it with hard work to become a low ranking warrior.

But magic is different. If the person has no talent, they could never become a Mage no matter how hard they tried!

As a tradeoff for being extremely difficult to increase their numbers, a Mage is capable of wielding destructive and powerful magic. It is precisely because of this bottleneck situation with the Mages that the “Society of Knights” is capable of competing with the magic union.

But no matter what, the status of these two associations is different.

For example: the magic Union is comparable to the Temple and is considered one of the major power factions on the continent.

In contrast, the reputation of the so-called “Society of Knights” is so low that they can’t breathe under the repression of magic union.

However, warriors still have their pride. For someone like Alpha – a high leveled warrior – he would strictly adhere to the dignity and integrity of a warrior….

Also, high leveled warriors on the continent have a motto that has been passed down from some long bygone age.

“Warriors do not go into the magic union!”

Of course, with the decline of the Society of Knight, there is hardly anyone that still follows this rule in this day and age. Only warriors that have managed to reach a superbly high level would still adhere to this motto.

For example: in order to make up for their lack of close combat capabilities, a Mage would hire warriors to act as their bodyguards. This can be considered a method for Mages to make up for their profession’s weakness.

And those that were recruited as Squires by a Mage would always be looked down by people like Alpha.

Of course, Du Wei is aware of these allusions too, so he didn’t say anymore regarding Alpha’s refusal to enter.

Subsequently, Du Wei organized his garments a bit before entering the six pointed star shaped building.

But what surprised him somewhat is that the magic union actually…. Has no doors!

From where the door should be on the wall, only the contour of the shape is there. Then from his surroundings, he could sense a fluctuation of magic scanning over his body. It is at this moment, the badge on his chest reacted to the energy in the area. With a pulse from his badge, the energy faded away.

Inwardly, Du Wei knew this was probably a security measure put in place by the magic union. While there may be no door in place, but the magic union is not somewhere a person can so casually enter!

Only a Mage wearing the official badge granted by the magic union can enter the magic gate!

Of course, because of the scarcity of the number of Mages – the number of Mages on the continent only numbered in the hundreds – a new profession emerged to take care of the daily chores required to run such a place like the magic union.

The name of this profession is called “magic apprentice”.

Such people tend to only have talents slightly above the average person. Because of this, they are stuck in a limbo situation where they cannot even become a first leveled Mage. So, these unfortunate people would normally be recruited by a full fledges Mage to become their assistants and apprentices. But in reality, they are no different from servants in status.

Other than private recruitments by Mages for personal use, officials at different magic union branches would also recruit people to become apprentices – these people are like handyman’s and filing personals.

The moment Du Wei went into the main building, he could immediately feel something was different.

Here, the head on the ceiling is devoid of any sort of construction material. In its place, he could vaguely see: some clouds, a sun, a moon, and twinkling stars floating above his head. Together, they formed a strange and magnificent spectacle.

Of course, such a scene is only possible by using magic.

Looking around, Du Wei could see the vast majority of the people walking around all wore a Mage styled robe.

And of course, the colors varied from certain individuals.

Lower and middle ranked Mages wore a gray colored robe. Only those of high rank are allowed to wear a white robe. As for the silver robed individuals, their status is that of a magic apprentice.

Walking into the main hall, the first sight he saw was the vast majority of silver robed individuals walking back and forth minding their own business. Only on occasion would Du Wei see a gray robed Mage appear in his sight.

As for Du Wei, the moment he walked into the hall, he garnered the attention of everyone around him due to the black Mage robe he wore.



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 122




Chapter 122 “A little interlude of change”

Walking into the main hall, Du Wei could instantly feel this place was different from his imagination…. Unlike the mysterious and majestic image he had in mind, this place had a trace of worldly flavor instead!

Everywhere he looked, people were busy carrying stacks of scrolls from one place to the other like a work office. And in some places, certain individuals are even busy cleaning the floors with mops; of course, they weren’t really cleaning. What they were doing is maintaining their focus on the magic tools so that the mop and brooms would do the hard labor.

Extending out from both directions of the main hall is spacious channels used for commercial use. Filled with odd looking shops, these businesses specialized in trading magic materials and tools.

But unlike the rest of the continent, these shops inside the magic unions headquarter do not use any currency for trading; instead, they only allow bartering!

Yes, the most ancient form of trading, bartering!

On this point, Du Wei was very curious and interested.

Different from the other magic shops spread among the other branches, this was the only place left on the whole continent that still adheres to this old domestic practice.

Taking a few casual steps forward, all of the silver robed magic apprentices that he encountered hastily stopped what they were doing and bowed to show their respect. However, unlike the silver robed magic apprentices, the gray robed mages that he saw would instead show a face of surprise at first. Then, with a smile, they would nod and perform a ritualistic bow to him.

It seems that Clark did not lie about the part where every Mage of the sixth rank and lower has to pay their respect to him.

Since he is not in any hurry to see the president of the magic union anyways, Du Wei thought he might as well take a look around the place. In truth, he actually didn’t know how he was going to meet the president.

Once he was up close and personal in front of these shops, he realized they weren’t all that big. Like sealed rooms inside a giant apartment building, they were all constructed out of strange materials next to each other. For example: one of the shops closest to him was made out of some strange black stone exuding some weird smoke into the air. Even stranger, the smoke would dissipate when it reaches the artificial sky in the ceiling!

Looking over the display window, Du Wei could see densely packed displays of crystal balls ranging from a variety of qualities. This weird shop clearly specializes in selling magic crystal balls for magicians.

Unable to hold his curiosity, Du Wei decided to head inside to have a closer look.

The moment he walked in, what welcomed him was the sight of an old man with a beard so long that it nearly reached his chest. From appearance alone, this silver robed old fella could even be qualified to be his grandfather.

Looking up, the store clerk had a somewhat surprised look on his face before hastily bowing. Then in a respectful tone, the old fella said: “Oh respected magician, may I ask what you need?”

With a kind face, Du Wei spoke in a polite tone towards this senior magic apprentice: “I need a crystal ball… … Hmm.”

“Oh, let me see……” The eyes of the senior looked somewhat muddy already, but he pulled out a form and handed it to Du Wei. Then, with a face full of wrinkles, the senior smiled: “May I know what kind you need? A crystal ball to test the level of magic? Oh, a Mage like you must be getting ready to accept disciples, right? I have a good magic testing crystal ball here. With it, you can clearly test the kid’s magic talent… … Oh. I also have a detection crystal ball here. If you are preparing to go on an adventure, you might as well buy one then. Once you inject some magic energy into the crystal, the image of the nearby surroundings would appear inside the crystal… … Of course, if you need something more advanced, I also have a magnetic black crystal ball. With it, everything within a 10 mile radius would be displayed in front of you. But in exchange, the prices are slightly more expensive…… ”

Du Wei was getting more curious: “What else do you have?”

“Of course!” The senior apprentice had a look of pride when he said this: “This place here is the oldest crystal ball shop in the magic union headquarters. You need to know, the current president of the magic union got his first crystal ball from us when he was still a lad. The one to sell it to him was my father at the time! We have all sorts of styles…. May I know which one you need?”

Although his magic isn’t bad, but Du Wei after all never learned from a proper teacher, so his knowledge is incomplete at the moment. Regarding a magic tool like a crystal ball, he really didn’t have much knowledge.

Thinking it over, Du Wei smiled and said: “Dear sir, I just became a magician and is readying myself to buy my first crystal ball. Do you have any advice?”

The senior apprentice paused for a moment as he stared at Du Wei’s black robe. Then moving his old mouth: “Oh… … Can it be that a Magic Scholar like you never used a crystal ball before?”

Du Wei smiles: “I just became magician.”

Realizing how rude his remark was, the old apprentice immediately tried to control himself again.

But in his mind… … The old fella was thinking how strange it was for a Magic Scholar to have just become a Mage.

“……” Hesitating, the old apprentice spoke his next words carefully in a polite tone: “May I ask which kind of magic you are practicing?”

“There is a difference?” Du Wei questioned.

“Certainly, if you majored in the fire department, I have here a crystal ball capable of enhancing the power of fire auxiliary magic. And if you majored in the water department, I have here a water summoning crystal. Even if you are in a dessert, this tool would allow you to summon a certain amount of water and boost your control….. Hmm, let me think….. Alas, my age is getting old and my brain doesn’t work as well as before. Oh yes, I almost forgot. Here, I still have some wind based magic crystals. Unfortunately, these things are only of low quality and could only predict the wind direction.”

Du Wei thought for a moment before smiling: “What if is dark magic?”

The corner of the senior’s eye suddenly jumped a bit. From his wrinkly face, Du Wei could clearly see a trace of fear in the old fella.

Examining Du Wei a bit, the old senior sighed before speaking: “Ah… … Dark magic… … Right now, the numbers of Mages practicing dark magic is not much… Let me think for a bit……”

After a long pause, a spark of light crossed the senior’s eyes. Then, with a laugh, the guy said: “I remember now. I still have something here dedicated to people specializing in dark magic. It’s just that the thing has been here collecting dust for decades without anyone to buy. This thing is called a “Dead spirit detection crystal ball”. If you are in need of dead spirits to practice dark magic, you can use this tool to locate spirits that refused to pass on.”

Du Wei could not help but twitch a bit!

Collecting dead spirits to refine them into undead creatures?’

Then wouldn’t that undead creature Mage Clark summoned is something he personally refined?

To do something so evil….. Can it be that the magic unions also permit such thing?

Seeing the difference in colors on Du Wei’s face, the old apprentice quickly added: “But I have to remind you that if you want to buy this crystal ball… You must first sign a contract with me.”

“Contract?”

“Of course!” The old apprentice looked even more confused… … Despite wearing a high ranking mage robe, this little guy seems like he is completely ignorant of these basic facts?

If not for the magic array set around the headquarters, this old fella really would have thought Du Wei was an imposter!

“Although the method of refining spirits into undead creatures is sanctioned by the magic union, but there are many restrictions in place that limits the user. For example: in order to collect spirits, the dark mage can only collect spirits that refuses to pass on into the afterlife. Under no circumstance can the person in question go on a killing spree to collect dead spirits. So if you want to purchase this crystal ball from me, you must first sign a contract stating that if you violate any of these rules, our store bares no responsibility!”

After he finishes his speech, the old apprentice stole a glance at Du Wei.

Du Wei can’t be blamed for not know any of this because he really never was taught any of this from a proper teacher.

Within the union, dark magic has always been a topic that causes people to feel embarrassed and hard to face.

In particular, there is a class of magician that the union strictly prohibits. If such a Mage is found, the Union would expend every effort within their powers to exterminate!

Dark Necromancer.

Although dark magic allows for the Mage in question to use spirits to create undead creatures, but they are absolutely not allowed to use living people to refine their arts!

Historically, there are evil dark Mages that would be willing to go on a random killing spree in order to selfishly pursue their goal for power. In some severe cases, even towns or cities would be annihilated in order for the Dark Necromancer to refine his undead creature!

So, the difference between a dark Mage and a Dark Necromancer is only on this thin line.

If on occasion a mage captures a dead spirit refusing to pass on and haunts the mortal world, this would even be considered a good deed.

As for going on a slaughtering fest to refine undead creatures, this would be considered evil.

After the old apprentice’s introduction, Du Wei could somehow grasp the logic behind it. But just when he was about to leave, some weird thought popped into his mind and he unconsciously said: “Well then, I’ll buy this dark crystal ball.”

This action of his could be considered a spur of the moment because if he didn’t buy anything from the clerk after wasting so much time, he would feel somewhat embarrassed

Although at the present he couldn’t perform any dark magic, but it would still be good to take it back to study.

Overjoyed, this old apprentice immediately ran to the back of his shop and came back out with some black box. Putting it in front of Du Wei, this store clerk smiled: “I’ve waited decades to sell this thing and still couldn’t sell it. Since you want it today, I’ll lower the price for you….”

After bargaining, Du Wei used two blocks of fine Hawkweed drill, plus a pound of magic crystals used for magic circles to trade. Since he gained quite the fortune lately, he didn’t mind because all of these were from others.

Once the contract was signed, the old apprentice was very happy as he picked up the rusted colored bell behind the counter. With a few shakes, a vague wave of magic infused music wafted out.

Moments later, another silver robed apprentice rushed in; but this time, the person was much younger with a six pointed star badge on his chest. Still sweating from his forehead, this youngster spoke with a slight smile: “Old father Hans, you called me?”

“This… … I sold a dark attribute magic tool. This is the contract. Take it and bring it back to the records.” The old apprentice faintly smiles.

This young apprentice is clearly a worker of the magic union. With only a glance at Du Wei, the youngster bowed in respect and careful put the contract away, then turning around, the guy left.

Du Wei was also quite curious regarding this status system in the magic union, but without reason to ask, he turned and left.

Holding onto the black box with the crystal ball inside, he threw it into his magic bag like the rest of his belongings.

This event has been just a little episode of what Du Wei did that day…..

But often in history, these little episodes are what create big changes in trends……

This little crystal ball may not seem like much now, but in the future, it will be the key in a world changing event.





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 123




Chapter 123 “Big headed genius”

After coming out from the magic shop, it wasn’t long before another strangely built building caught his eye.

From appearance, this thing was just an ordinary tree!

No matter where he looked, every building in the hall had a grotesque and strange look to it. The only exception was this tree. From his observation, Du Wei feared that even if 7 to 8 strong men came around and tried to move this thing, it wouldn’t even budge an inch.

Looking up, the branches were so high that it reached the very sky in the ceiling. And looking down, the roots looked like it was melding straight into the very floor like it was one and the same.

But more strangely is the fact that the tree looked so vibrant and alive despite the fact that it’s completely hollow inside!

Walking through the rectangular door etched into the tree barks, the first thing he saw was the wooden pole the height of an average man next to the doorway.

This place obviously specializes in selling wands.

Scanning the whole room, the next thing he noticed was the tall wooden counter in the back, but his attention was quickly drawn away by the various wands hanging off the walls!

A wand is an essential tool for any Mage. In order to create a wand of high quality, the materials must meet certain requirements. For this reason, wood is a must because metal tends to repel magic. But that’s not all. Only specific types of wood can be used like a branch from the walnut tree he received back in the Rowling Plains – courtesy of the Magic union branch there.

Regarding wands, Du Wei actually knew a bit about this subject.

Generally, Mages are physically weak because they are constantly focused on magic research; thus, their body always lacked exercises. In order to overcome this shortcoming, their wands have to be light weighted.

But that’s not everything. A wand must also be sturdy enough to be able to withstand the fluctuation of magic during a spell cast.

Thirdly is the natural level of magic induction the wood has. Although wood doesn’t repel magic like metal does, but wood varies.

All in all, a wood used for wand making needs to be: light, strong and highly conductive towards magic.

Generally speaking, the types of wood used in the market nowadays are divided into three different grades.

The lowest grade is called “Purple family tree”. Normally grown in the southern regions of the empire where it is easy to collect, this wood is also sturdy and light. By using this wood as the base material, any wands created would be very suitable for fire attribute mages due to the high concentration of sunlight it received during its growth.

But the weakness of the purple family tree is very clear: other than fire magic, the effects of other magical elements would be greatly diminished when casting a spell with such a wand. This is especially true for water based magic because fire is naturally weak against water.

However, because the collection and manufacturing process is so easy, low leveled Mages on the continent tend to choose this material to make their wands.

As for the middle grade materials, there are a lot of options available on the continent, but the most widely used one is called “Laura Tung Tree”. This wood is naturally conductive towards magic and is sturdy enough to withstand the fluctuation of magic energy.

The only downside to this wood is that it is somewhat heavy compared to other materials, but more importantly, this breed of tree is hard to cultivate. Only found in the southern marshes of the empire, not every tree of this breed is qualified to be made into wands. Even if a person manages to find 100 “Laura Tung Trees”, there might not be a single one in the batch that is light enough to be used in wand production. In some cases, the weight is so heavy that it is even comparable to metal! Only certain rare varieties of this breed will be light enough.

Now, moving on to the current top grade material. Surprisingly, it is actually the walnut tree branch Du Wei received as a gift back when he was in the Rowling Plains. Although commonly found in his previous world, the walnut tree is actually extremely difficult to cultivate in this world! Not only is the wand making method for this wood very special, the branch itself must meet very specific requirements.

Number one: the branch must be exactly 50 years of age.

Number two: it must be the first newly grown spring branch of the same year.

Only by meeting these two rigorous requirements that the wand in question can be considered the best among wands!

But because of how rare and difficult it is to cultivate the tree to 50 years of age, it is not commonly found in the open market. Unless a professional Mage expand years of effort and expensive potions to nurture the plant, the likelihood of it actually being a top grade branch of a walnut tree is slim.

Glancing around the shop, Du Wei found that most of the wands inside were only semi-finished products, only on occasion would he find one or two top grade walnut tree branches. According to his own experience in magic pharmacy, he can tell the plants here did not meet the age requirement.

“Excuse me, do you need help?” Just when Du Wei was freely having a look around, a head popped up from the tall wooden counter in the back of the store.

This person looked to be about 30 years of age with a giant looking head; however, it is a shame that his neck was so small because it made him looked disproportioned. With the sparse amount of hair on his head, the guy looked dazed as if he just awoke from slumber. But what really made Du Wei wants to laugh is the eyes! On one side, the guy wore something akin to a magnifying glass, so the person had a very small looking eye on one side and a giant looking eye on the other! Just seeing this scene nearly made Du Wei burst out into laughter.

Crawling on top of the counter, this person actually wiped the drool off the side of his mouth with a hand. Apparently, the guy was secretly sleeping before.

Once the guy finally broke out of his drowsy state and realized Du Wei’s status, this big headed person hastily ran out from behind the counter and bowed down in respect towards Du Wei: “Hello, dear magician, do you need a magic wand?”

Taking a closer look at the guy, Du Wei was slightly surprised by the color of the guy’s Mage robe. Instead of the usual silver robe he is so commonly seen around, this big headed person actually donned a gray robe! It’s just that the badge the guy was wearing is a little odd.

Thinking it over, Du Wei finally recognized the badge.

This big headed fella may be wearing a Mage robe, but his true identity is that of a Magic Pharmacist.

Among the ranks within the Magic Union, a Magic Pharmacist is even lower in rank than a Magic Apprentice.

This fact is widely recognized among the magic circle.

But Du Wei owed his origin from Magic Pharmacy, so of course he won’t look down on such a guy. With a very polite smile, Du Wei asked: “I’m just looking, Hmm… I’m wondering why all of your wands are semi-finished products?”

The big headed guy opened his mouth wide and laughed: “You must be kidding me… … Where would you find a wand shop selling finished products? My shop here only provides timber for manufacturing. If you want to get your hands on a magic crystal for the wand tip, you will need to go elsewhere. Just outside my shop, there are a few stores further in front that will sell it. You need to understand, the manufacturing process for wood is different from magic stones, so you won’t find me knowing how to handle a magic crystal.”

Du Wei nodded. Then he randomly picked up a black branch from a Walnut Tree and said: “This walnut tree handle, it seems the age is not enough, right?”

“Of course, this branch in your hand is made with a piece around 20 years of age. Just 20 years is already hard to come by… To actually find one around 50 years of age, I fear that you will only find a few on the whole continent! Moreover, a grand Mage would have already made it off limits to the public if there is one around, so how could someone so freely find one for sale?” This person looked at Du Wei and smiled: “However, a walnut tree around 20 years of age is already considered really rare and is good in every aspect. Even mid leveled Mages are willing to use such a wand, you……”

Du Wei smiled and put the branch down: “I’m just curious about the wand manufacturing process. I want to ask. If I have a proper Walnut Tree branch and a superb magic gemstone, how can I manufacture it into a finished product?”

Despite seeing Du Wei had no intention of making any purchases, this big headed fella continued to remain polite in his words: “For this purpose, you can head into a magic shop around the corner in the front. There, you can task them with various orders as long as you provide the appropriate materials.”

“Then what about the magic patterns on the wands, can they do it too?” Du Wei frowned.

He had seen Gandalf’s wand back then. From appearances, the wand looked insignificant and wasn’t even made from a walnut tree branch. But more importantly, the wand had a lot of magic patterns inlaid into the surface. He may not be certain of their uses, but he knows it is some kind of supplementary blessing magic.

Upon hearing Du Wei’s question, the eyes of the big headed fella sparked with interest as if he had just touched a landmine: “It appears that you are a very experienced grand Mage! Generally speaking, it is possible to add magic patterns to a wand. But because of the difference in materials, it can only be done on the highest quality of the top graded materials. As for the Purple family tree and Laura Tung tree wood, they are completely out of the question. If you want to try, it is possible to use a walnut tree branch…. But you need to know, the best material for inscribing a magic pattern is crystal wood. Even if you get something better, it can only inscribe some low leveled light magic to increase your magic efficiency. If you were thinking of doing some high leveled magic, then you should rethink it now because it’s not possible.”

Du Wei smiled and casually said, “In this case, why not just use magic crystals to make a wand?”

Hearing these words, the big headed fella can’t help but rejoice. Slapping his thighs, the guy’s face showed surprise and delight: “Eh? You also think so? Ah ha! I think so, too! From a magic point of view, no material can match up to a magic crystal! Even the widely recognized walnut tree cannot be compared! I calculated, if we use a crystal to cast the same spell, the effectiveness would increase by 1.5 times! However….”

Du Wei’s interest was also piqued: “But what?”

The big headed fella sighed with a helpless expression on his face: “But when I brought this idea to the open in the past, my teacher scolded me horribly… … Alas, after all, this way of thinking is nothing but a pipe dream.”

Du Wei frowned. Thinking it over a bit, he quickly understood why.

A wand made out of pure crystal? Normally, the length of a wand is approximately one meter in height and a staff can even reach the height of a full grown adult. If by simple estimation, the weight of a staff would be no less than two-three hundred kilograms!

If a staff was so heavy, even a giant axe or sword from a barbarian cannot match it in weight! So how can one expect a frail bodied Mage hold such a staff in combat?

If there is such an amazing staff, it is likely there would not be a single Mage on the entire continent capable of wielding it. Even if the size is that of a small wand, the added weight outweighs any benefit it gained.

This is indeed a fantasy.

This big headed fella is indeed someone that lacks control in their personality. Once he meets someone that shares his interest, he would immediately forget everything and delve deep into the topic.

“Although using only crystal is impossible, but there are methods to improve the wood.” His eyes gleaming with light.

From a logical point of view, a wand is a tool to increase the efficiency of a spell. If the material is good and reduces the unnecessary consumption of energy, the power of the spell would of course be better.

“After many years of research, I did find some materials that could be of interest; however, all of them have specific defects. For example: the purple family tree is good for fire based magic, but is bad for other elements. This is especially true for water based magic. So, for many years…… I’ve been studying plants to see if I can come up with a hybrid….”

The more this big headed fella spoke, the more carried away he got. Eventually, the guy even grasped both of Du Wei’s hands as he spoke: “For example: I used this purple family tree to crossbreed with a “morning glory vine”. Normally, this type of vine isn’t afraid of water, so if I could crossbreed these two plants, the water weakness of the purple family tree….”

Du Wei’s face remained poised, but the shock and surprise in his heart was hitting him like waves!

This big headed guy may look unfocused and careless, but he is actually a genius!

Grafted trees? Hybrid?

Du Wei would of course understand all of this. In his previous world, this kind of technology has been widely used and is proven to be very effective….. But in this world, other than the advancement in magic, everything else is still stuck in the medieval ages!

Hybrid plants? It is likely that if this knowledge is made to the public, it would create a revolution!

As he watched the big headed fella, Du Wei’s eyes caught sight of the guy’s stubby looking hand. Though stubby and stocky, the guy’s palm was thick and full of calluses. In some areas, he could clearly see cracks on the surface!

Layer upon layer around the guy’s hand, it looked nothing like that of a fat man.

If anything, it looked more like a hand of a gardener that spends most of his time with the soils and plants.

“…… Unfortunately, the strange things I cultivated were seen by my teacher. After being scolded as being unfocused, my stuff was burned by my teacher. Then I was sent down here to make wands….. Teacher told me that I still had good eyes for wood, sigh…..”

Du Wei’s heart was beating like a hurricane at this point…. This guy was sent down here to work in a shop? This is no different from using a treasure to mop the floor! Inwardly, Du Wei didn’t know whether to kiss this teacher or kick the teacher!

To be wasting such a talent… The teacher deserves to be kicked….. But if not for this reason, how can Du Wei have the chance to meet this big headed fella?

Making up his mind, Du Wei involuntarily leaked out a peculiar smile on his face. If there were any Rowling Household guards around, they would immediately recognize this smile of his is the same as when Du Wei extorted the poor little Vivian!

“My friend, don’t be too discouraged……” Du Wei threw out a few consoling words and then immediately asked: “I’m very interested in these ideas of yours. I actually did some research of my own regarding plants. If there’s any chance, why not sit down and we can have a few talks…. Oh yes, we talked for so long and I still don’t know who you are. May I know your name?”

“Me?” The big headed fella smiled without any hint of scheming: “My name is Cosette, a disciple of master Azreal in the magic union……. Oh, I have already been following my master for 20 odd years, but among my fella apprentices, I am the most useless one….”

Cosette? Du Wei memorized this name.

But… … Azrael?

Du Wei thought the name was familiar!

Gargamel? Azrael?

Du Wei remembered now. This Azrael is the most hated Mage of Gargamel! In the past, the two entered the frozen forest together, but when they encountered Medusa, Azrael fled and left Gargamel behind!

Can it be the same person???

Turning his thoughts, Du Wei’s face remained calm as he smiled: “My name is Du Wei, from the Rowling Household.”

“Ah, you must be the new Magic Scholar.” Cosette smiled: “I have heard of your name. Right now, everyone in the magic union is talking about you. Dear Sir, Du Wei, the magic unions hasn’t appointed a new magic scholar for decades! Just……” Cosette glanced at Du Wei, his face somewhat embarrassed: “I just didn’t think you could be so young.”

Du Wei just smiled.

Continuing on the subject, the two discussed different topics till the point where Cosette completely forgot to keep his manners now.

Just when the two were engrossed in their conversation, someone suddenly interrupted them from the outside: “Ah!” Du Wei, Sir, you are here. I’ve been looking for you for a long time.”

Coming in, this person is none other than Master Clark.

Looking Clark over, Du Wei noticed this guy was different from yesterday. With a fresh and healthy face, Clark had some weirdly proud look in his eyes. But more importantly, the badge on his newly minted gray robe was not the same either. Beside his usual Mage identity badge, there was another glowing badge in a six pointed star shape.

Cosette stumbled when he met Clark’s eyes. His face clearly showed a touch of fear. Realizing what he was doing, Cosette hastily pulled his flailing hands down from the air and fearfully whispered:

“Ah!” Master Clark… …” Pausing for a moment when he saw the badges on Clark’s chest, Cosette quickly changed his words: “Oh no, it should be Deacon Clark!”

Deacon?

Du Wei was secretly thinking this Deacon position is probably really senior and high up there in the magic union, but he was even more certain when he saw the fearful look on Cosette.

What Du Wei guessed is right. Within the magic union, all those Grand Mages are all too busy studying magic, so how can they waste their time running the place? In this case, the day to day affairs are handed to the people in the Deacon position. This position is equivalent to someone that has truly grasped onto real power!

Because of his merit for escorting Du Wei to the capital, Clark was promoted personally by the president to the level of Deacon…. This also shows how important Du Wei is currently in the eyes of the Magic Union!

“Du Wei, Sir, when I came out, I immediately heard from others that you have arrived. I already spent a lot of time searching for you, let’s go. I’m certain the president is very eager to meet you.”

Clark would of course not show any goodwill towards some low leveled mage – this is especially true for someone only at the rank of a magic pharmacist – without any sort of kindness, his eyes swept over Cosette and pulled Du Wei out of there.

But instead, Du Wei paused for a second and faced Cosette: “When I have time, I’ll come find you again.”

Leaving the jaw dropping Cosette behind, Du Wei and the puzzled looking Clark headed towards the main hall.

Du Wei is not a fool. Once he saw the extra badge on Clark’s chest and the fact that he got promoted the moment they returned to the capital, Du Wei deduced this matter has a relation to him.

“I forget to congratulate you, Clark Deacon.” Du Wei smiled.

In front of him, Clark wasn’t arrogant in his smile: “You are too polite. Du Wei… … Your status as a Magic Scholar is much higher than my title. A mere Deacon title is not even worth mentioning.

Not worth it? I say it’s not so simple!

Whenever the two met anyone along the hall, they would always respectful bow towards them; however, their eyes always had a hint of fear mixed into them when they saw Clark.





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 124




Chapter 124 “The Mages law enforcement team”

Casually walking through the hall, Du Wei managed to get enough information out of their conversation to confirm his thoughts.

In terms of strength, this Clark character is definitely not at the forefront of the rankings. However, all of those grand Mages in the eighth level and higher are all old monsters that disliked the mundane lifestyle. Majority wise, these old beings are always immersing themselves in their research and would hardly take part in the daily functioning of the Magic Union.

So, the management of the entire union is usually handed down to people in the lower level.

Currently, there are six Deacons in headquarters’ managing the day to day activities. Usually, these individuals are students belonging to some senior old monster that holds immense status within the magic community, even the president would have a hard time controlling these guys.

Can you imagine how complex the internal structure of the magic union is? Not only does the union have branches located in just about every place on the continent, there are only 6 Deacons overseeing the entire operation! And let’s not even begin to discuss the management of the Mages legendary law enforcement team inside the union…..

So other than matters of great importance that requires the president’s personal decision, the 6 Deacons inside the Union are given enough authority that they are people with true power!

As for Clark’s origin, he is a student of some ninth level Mage inside the union. Majoring in dark magic, the guy isn’t all that bad in terms of talent because he was able to reach the sixth level by the time he reached mid age. It’s just that unlike his peers, Clark had a craving for worldly possessions so his relationship with a lot of nobles is really good. All in all, the guy is someone that is well balanced in all aspects of his life.

If by the odd chance that Clark had just focused on magic research instead of trying to climb the ladder, he would have been only average in terms of talent. Even so, he still had a ninth level master in the union’s top brass backing him. If he had just waited, sooner or later, he would have been promoted to the position of Deacons anyways.

But as fate would have it, Clark’s master passed away a few years ago due to illness. So his political backing was weakened by a large margin. If he didn’t take extra measures to raise his status like he did, his ability to compete for the Deacon position would have probably been lost to him. After all, the status of a Deacon is a position of true authority and power, so there would of course be a lineup of Mages craving to take it.

Luckily for Clark, the appearance of Du Wei gave him a big chance! Not only was the president extremely mindful of Du Wei’s whereabouts, the rest of the old monsters still alive inside the magic union was also painstakingly turning the entire continent upside down to locate him. Since Clark almost became Du Wei’s teacher in the past, the job naturally fell into Clark’s lap.

So the fact that Clark managed to become a Deacon can be all thanks to Du Wei. For this reason, Clark is very grateful towards Du Wei.

Du Wei is not foolish enough to not notice the goodwill Clark is sending his way. As they conversed during their walk through the halls, the friendlier they got as time pass.

(I swear, every time Clark shows up, there is always some kind of homo line.)

“This six pointed star building in the outer perimeter is the main building where the different departments work, but it’s not the core area. The true core of the magic union’s headquarter is the tower in the center. However, Du Wei, Sir, did you notice? There is no pathway leading into the core area.” Clark faintly smiles.

Indeed, this six-pointed star-shaped building only has doors leading to the outside. Looking around, Du Wei could not see any door leading into inner area, not even a window fan!

“The reason is because there are a lot of restrictions set on anyone entering the core area inside the main tower. Of course, you and I are not under such restrictions. In order to enter the inner area, the only option is to use a teleportation circle connected to the inside. If by the odd chance someone wanted to enter by flying through the sky, they would not be able to because a restriction spell is set up in place.” While Clark explained all this, he was also leading Du Wei pass a long hall he had never seen before.

Once they came out, the two were standing in front of an arched concave looking wall.

“Don’t tell me we have to break through this wall in order enter the inner area?” Du Wei questioned.

Clark chuckled as he looked at the wall: “Of course not! Though the wall cannot stop the might of a great warrior, but even if someone manages to break it apart, they wouldn’t be able to get inside. Why? Because in-between the wall, there is a dimensional space barrier.”

Scanning the wall carefully, Du Wei could clearly see a line of crystals embedded onto the surface. He wasn’t sure what they were for at first, but when they came up to the wall, Clark reached out his hand and touched one of the round crystals in the middle.

Turning to face him, Clark smiled wickedly and twisted the crystal like a dial.

Immediately, everything in front of Du Wei’s sight started to glow and a wave of magic energy started to wrap around his body.

Then, as if they never existed in the world, the two were gone, disappearing without a trace.

Moments later, Du Wei opened his eyes to the unfamiliar sight of a brightly lit spacious channel. Without a single soul nearby, all he could see are decorative statues standing on both sides of the passageway.

“A moment ago, we were still down in the main hall of the lower level. Now, we are in the upper floor where the teleportation circle is located.” Clark laughed a bit and gently patted Du Wei on the shoulder. Once they were both out of the arched transfer array, Clark continued to speak: “This spot here does not need any guards for security because the magic array can automatically recognize anyone that works here. Only by having these specially crafted badges like ours can they come here through the transfer array from the lower level to the upper level. If anyone dares to force their way through…..” When Clark reached this point, his voice became cold as he chuckled.

Du Wei sighed. “This place is the main stronghold of some of the strongest Mages on the continent, who would dare come mess with this place and provoke their wrath?!”

Once the two crossed a corridor, they finally came across two others in this eerily silent place. From appearance, they were still wearing the commonly worn silver robe of a magic apprentice, but their badges were completely different. With a stern and serious looking face, the two were busy carrying stacks of thickly laid scrolls as they came up to Du Wei and Clark. Even when the two strangers saluted them as they passed by, the air around them cannot be compared to those down below.

“These people are all workers in this place.” Clark lightly chuckles: “But only after a variety of tests to measure their loyalty will they be allowed to enter this place…. Alas, just the management of the resources under the union is tedious enough. As it so happens, those higher in the ladder are all lords of spending. Never once would they bother spending their time managing any of this. I myself am currently in charge of a department that is solely dedicated to managing those resources used in magic research. More often than not, whenever one of those old monsters sends out a list of items to us, the people outside here would be breaking our legs just searching for it. Also, we have to balance the books whenever we take a loss…. For this reason, even the simple position of a secretary must be stationed by a magic apprentice.”

Continuing through to the end of the corridor, they came up to a dominating black door that sent chills down Du Wei’s back!

With a dark looking face, Clark whispered: “Du Wei sir, when we go through this door, you must not say anything unnecessary or look in places you should not be looking. The place behind this door is where the only teleportation circle into the core area is located. As such, it is routinely guarded by the magic union’s one and only law enforcement unit. Just about every one of these individuals is inhumane monsters that kill without emotion. Because they are charted by the union itself, it’s for that you do not provoke them.”

With that said, Clark pushed the door open and he could immediately feel the chill around his body increase several folds.

Walking in, the first thing he saw was the gorgeous crystal chandelier up in the ceiling. The air in this place may not feel very good, but the decoration definitely had its style. Looking down, Du Wei could finally see the infamous teleportation circle. With dark red crystals mounted on all six corners, this magic array felt overwhelming whenever the bursts of energy fluctuated off the center.

But that’s not all. Different from the average magic circle setup, there was also a two meter tall column embedded onto each corner.

Analyzing the thing, he is certain this magic circle is not simply only used for teleporting someone into the core tower!

As he was thinking all of this, a “humming” sound reached his ears.

Vibrating with energy, the noise was piercing straight into his heart. Agitated and unwell, Du Wei immediately looked around to see two special looking Mages standing next to the magic circle.

With a base material of white and patterns of steel black flames etched along the surface, their style of clothing was something he had never before seen. But what really put him off was where they were standing. No matter where he looked, the entire room was bright and alive; the only exception was the two shaded areas where the two stood. It was as if they were intentionally trying to hide their presence.

As Du Wei tried to take a closer look at their faces, some mysterious chill suddenly started to creep along his spine. Maybe it was just his imagination, but despite his efforts, Du Wei couldn’t see through the shadows created by the tall pointed hats on their heads. Instead, what he got in return are murderous sparks of light from their eyes that sent him back a step!

Those eyes… they truly intend to kill!

It was at this moment, the two terrifying Mages sent out an extremely dense aura of spiritual energy around the room. Like waves, Du Wei could feel his own mental force being pushed back every time his made contact with theirs. Never once in his life did he feel so overwhelmed in such a manner.

Dripping with cold sweat, he couldn’t understand why his mental force is losing. He knew the other two foes mental force isn’t in any way superior to his, but yet, his mental force is being peeled apart like a fruit skin.

Du Wei began to feel the pressure more and more heavy, even had they felt, pimple on the tip of a drop of sweat!

“Both of you, stop this at once. This special guest is someone the president must see, do not overstep yourselves!” Noticing the painful expression on Du Wei’s face, Clark immediately intervened with a shout.

Only after Clark’s intervention did these two creepy looking beings stop their oppressive aura.

Catching a breath, Du Wei wanted to secretly have a look at the two enforcement officer’s face, but when he tried, two beams of light focused on him from their eyes. Realizing things were turning for the worse, he instinctively retracted his eyes and stepped back a few steps behind Clark.

Too powerful! Where in the hell did such monsters come from?!

But what really depressed Du Wei was the fact that his prided mental force was beaten so easily! In his mind, he knew their mental force wasn’t all that much higher than his, but he couldn’t resist their advancement at all.

Something is not right about these beings!



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 125




Chapter 125 “Old monster”

Letting out a sigh of relief at the dampened tension, Clark feared saying anything more. With due haste, he moved his hands quickly to drag Du Wei away with him into the magic circle. Then touching one of the crystal dials on one of the stone pillars, he turned it to activate the spell.

Instantly, the scenes in front of the duo changed and now they were outside the room.

Standing in the middle of a square the size of the two football fields, a tower stood further a bit further away from there. Du Wei understood now they were already in the core area of the magic union!

Still speculating about the two wacky Mage from before…. Du Wei suddenly recalled their chests didn’t have an identification badge! Now there is no way for him to even guess their level of rank…..

“Don’t dwell too hard on it. Sir Du Wei.” Clark glanced at Du Wei, his mouth curved into a smile: “When I first met those guys, I was the same and suffered at their hands a bit. Those guys are all abnormal monsters and cannot be compared to normal people. If you must know, they are the Mages law enforcement team.”

“What exactly is the Mages law enforcement team?” Despite the fact that this problem is somewhat abrupt, but Du Wei pretended it was to be expected of him – after all, he is still a young child, it’s not uncommon for kids to ask inappropriate questions. This is also an advantage for him because of his age.

Clark ponders for a moment and said, “Since you are also a person of the inner department, I guess it’s time you were told….. The Mages enforcement teams are an internal fighting force that has been around for Millenniums. This team is directly under the command of the president himself and it could be said they are the Union’s defense force. If you need a better idea, they are more or less similar to the Holy Knights of the Temple of Light…. However, they are also somewhat different.”

With Clark’s explanation, Du Wei finally got a clearer understanding of this mysterious fighting force.

Under the Magic Union’s rule, the Mage enforcement team is not allowed to attack any non-Magic personnel’s! Their entire reason for existence is to eliminate evil Mages because in the past, there had been many powerful, yet vile mages running rampant on the continent! Due to the scarcity of the numbers of Mages, it would be a great loss if a grand and powerful mage fell victim to one of these villains during their suppression; as such, this special unit of Mage hunters were born.

Even till this day no one actually knows how powerful this team really is. However, it seems that other than magic personnel’s, this mysterious team had never actually fought with another faction or group. The only time this special fighting force is ever mobilized is when an evil Mage runs rampant on the main continent!

But what is even more terrifying is the fact that this special unit is the nemesis of Mages! No one knows how they are trained or raised, but even a powerful Mage will suffer in their presence as if they had some special restraint over the rest of the populace.

Recalling his earlier test with his mental force, Du Wei could not stop his facing from turning pale white….. Special restraint magic?

According to profession system on the Roland Continent, a Mage has the advantage over a warrior…. Then wouldn’t these monsters be unbeatable?

But Du Wei then immediately thought of a possibility: maybe the special abilities of these monsters are only valid for magicians and are useless against others like a Warrior.

One force to counter another force, this is the natural order of things.

Seeing the complex face on Du Wei, Clark quickly reminded: “You must not carelessly inquire about the secrets of these monsters. It’s fine as long as you remember some of the taboos and precautions around them. Just make sure you don’t go searching for them to make trouble.”

“Of course!” Du Wei immediately raised his face, revealing a young and innocent smile: “Why would I go provoke such monsters?”

Clark felt somewhat relieved. Although he was sure that innocent smile was ninety percent fake, but as long as Du Wei understood this much, he is fine with it.

“This tower is the second highest building in the imperial capital. At 88 meters tall, this building is at the epicenter of the magic array protecting the main headquarters…. But personally, I don’t believe there is a need for any defense at this place… In this world, I don’t think there is anyone crazy enough to try to break into this place!” Clark faintly smiled: “Because living in this tower are all those eighth level grand Mages inside their laboratories! With a total of 18 floors, each layer belongs to at least one grand Mage, particularly the top floor where the ninth level masters reside!”

Du Wei immediately understood.

With all of the continents strongest magicians living inside this tower, who would dare come mess with this place! Even the mighty dragon patriarch would have to think twice if he wants to face 10 master Mages at once!

As the two were busying conversing, the door further in front of them suddenly burst open and a white robed old man came rushing out. With a senile looking face, who knows how old this senior really was. To make it even weirder, the guy’s beard was so long that it was dragging down to his waist and he even braided it into a bow!!

(Finally, I love this old fart!!)

With a quick look, Du Wei was pondering how long it has been since the old man washed his stained cover robe!

But before Du Wei could finish his thought, Clark hastily grabbed him to one side and bowed in salute?!

Good thing Du Wei had sharp eyes because he immediately noticed the badge on this dirty old man was a ninth level Mage badge!

However, what Du Wei saw next surprised him somewhat. Walking out as if the old man didn’t even see the two, this senior had a face full of excitement as he held onto a ragged looking broom! Bouncing around like a kid, the guy looked up into the sky and suddenly shouted with excitement: “HA HA HA HA! I finally succeeded! I finally made it! I am a genius! Genius!! HA HA HA HA!!”

Under his maddening laugh, the old guy’s voice was filled with pride and excitement. Then suddenly, the senile old man grabbed his hair and dropped the broom onto the floor. Turning around in anger, the guy suddenly shouted again: “What are you dawdling for! Come out now! Do you expect me to ask you to come out?!”

Immerging from behind the shadows of the door in front of them, two gray robed Mages around forty to fifty years old hesitantly walked out. From the badge on their chest, it was clear they were both sixth level Mages in their rank. But unlike the dignified faces you would expect of them, their faces were trembling with fear like a scene of cat preying on a mouse.

Once the old nutcase saw the two, he started to laugh even harder: “Well then, come on! I promise this time it will not fail! Who wants to try it, teacher here has a reward for him!”

The two mid-leveled Mages looked at each other once and understood what the other was thinking immediately: Reward? More like heavy injury! Among their six brothers, four of them were used as guinea pigs by this eccentric teacher of theirs. In the end, the four that came before them either broke a leg or arm thanks to this test. Fortunately, the healing magic managed to heal the injuries. But because of this experience, the four used their injury as an excuse and ran away!

Now, only the two of them were left to “taste” this invention!

As if they were in agreement, the two took a step back at the same time…. Although healing magic will mend any wounds as long as they don’t die, but it is after all their body, so of course they don’t want to experience such bodily harm and pain.

This white-bearded old Wizard immediately understood when he saw the reaction of his two apprentices. Screaming in a fit of rage, he said: “You bloody things! Do you actually doubt your master’s genius idea! Could it be that you dare doubt my invention will fail!”

The two Mage faltered, but one was bold enough to reply: “Teacher, you know that I’m not good with wind magic. Also, I have a big fear of heights, really, I do…..”

Then the other quickly followed up, “Teacher, I’m too clumsy. I’m not afraid of physical pain, but it won’t be good if I break master’s genius invention. Ah! What’s more, both of us are already more than 50 years old, this kind of thing……”

The White-bearded old geezer paused for a moment to glance at his two disciples. Then, with a sigh, he shook his head: “Oh, I’m too foolish. The both of you are already more than 50 years old, this kind of thing at your age does not seem to fit… … Hmm, unfortunately I do not have any young disciples under me….”

Just as the old geezer said this, he noticed Du Wei standing next to Clark. With beaming eyes of joy, he laughed: “Ah! There’s a kid! Come come come! You come here!”

After he finished his words, the old geezer started to wave his hand at Du Wei to come closer with an unmatchable face of kindness.

Seeing their teacher’s focus move away from them, the two gray robed Mage had a chilling aura seep off their body. With a sympathetic expression, the two looked at Du Wei with eyes saying “Sorry, better you than us!”





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.





* * *





Chapter 126




Chapter 126 “Disruptive breakthrough!”

Still standing on the side, Clark was already so scared that his soul nearly flew out of his body! It wasn’t hard for him to recognize who this old guy was because in the Magic Union, this old geezer is not only infamous; his status is beyond compare as one of the top three monsters living inside the tower! At more than 160 years old, not even the president would directly cross him! Why? Because when the president was still young, this old geezer directly mentored him.

Oddly enough, despite reaching a terrifying level in magic, this guy still prefers to immerse himself in researching and creating odd magic tools. But what’s even more horrifying is that whenever he makes one of his inventions, this old geezer would pull anyone nearby to test his new magic tool! For this reason, all of those unlucky enough to be forced into becoming his guinea pig would always suffer major injuries. Eventually, every person inside the Magic Union would become weak kneed the moment their sight catches wind of this old geezer.

And now, he himself is currently escorting this important guest to go meet the president. If Du Wei suffered any injury, Clark feared he will not be able to bear the responsibility!

But the status of this old guy is just too high. Not even the president would take a stand against this person, so how can he, a little Deacon dare refuse a request from such an important person?

However, efforts still need to be made. With a quick jerk on Du Wei’s back, Clark smiled wryly and said: “Master Alley, this person is the newly appointed Magic Scholar by the president….. I was just about to take him to meet the president….”

“Oh!” Master Alley paused for a second, eyes blinking as he looked at Du Wei. Then suddenly, his eyes looked like they were burning with curiosity: “Eh, so you are the disciple of Master Gandalf? So young? Alas, you are too young. I fear your ability is very limited… … But don’t mind it, you can always come find me in the future, I will give you a lot of guidance.”

Clark continued to remain quiet without interrupting, but in his mind, he was thinking: If he goes see you often, who knows when he will lose his life!

Think up to here, Clark quickly said: “The … … President is still waiting to see him…”

“You don’t need to worry about Dorgan’s side….” Master Alley glanced at Clark.

Seeing the questioning look coming his way, Clark hastily introduced himself: “My name is Clark, I’m the newly appointed Deacon.”

“Oh. Clark … … Hmm, you go tell Dorgan this kid is doing me a favor first. After we are done, I’ll have someone send the kid to him!”

Alley waved his hand at Clark without care.

Its over! Clark was pouring cold sweat now. After Master Alley decides this, how could he possibly refuse?

Alley didn’t care how Clark looked. Turning to look at Du Wei, the old geezer waved at him with the brightest smile: “Come, come! Little one, come here, I’ll show you some good things. You help me test this and I’ll be sure to give you a lot of benefits.”

Seeing the odd scene in front of him, it wasn’t hard for Du Wei to realize the situation wasn’t right.

Letting out a cough, Du Wei faced the old geezer in the eyes without any hint of fear: “Dear Master Alley, you want me to help you test your experiment?”

“That’s right!” Alley laughed: “You are so young, so you shouldn’t fear heights, right?”

“No, I’m not afraid.” Du Wei squinted his eyes as he chuckled: “But I’m not your disciple. If you want me to test your experiment, I like to know what benefit I will be getting.”

“Huh?” Slightly angered, Alley knitted his brow. Within the Magic union, his status is beyond compare, so why should he discuss conditions with a kid?

Without any hint of fear in his words, Du Wei continued: “Although this is the first time I came to the Magic Union’s headquarter, but at the very least I know some rules. No matter how high a Mage’s status is inside the Union, other than a magic apprentice or a disciple under one’s command, they cannot ask for a favor without offering something in return. You know I’m neither your disciple nor a magic apprentice, right?”

Alley was angered now. Although there is such a rule, but who is he? If he has a demand, who would dare defy him? If he want to take someone to use, all he has to do is go have a word with that teacher, so who wouldn’t show him some face?

“Humph!” The old guy angrily spoke the next words: “You are not willing, then I’ll just go have a word with your teacher…. Ah! No!” He suddenly frowned. Glancing at Du Wei, the old geezer smiled wryly: “Your teacher is Master Gandalf…. Aigh, I almost forgot. I can’t just take you……”

Indeed, Gandalf is still a generation higher than himself and the kid’s seniors are all old monsters inside the Magic Union. This old geezer may be arrogant, but even he wouldn’t dare go bulling one of the Master Gandalf’s apprentices!

“This……” Right now, Alley is just like a child that couldn’t play with a toy even though he has it in his hand. Impatiently scratching his head, the old geezer frowned as he spoke: “Tell me then, what do you want for helping me test this experiment of mine? Aigh, I don’t even have a single young student under my care. Now, whenever I go outside, those magic apprentices look at me like they had seen a ghost every time they encounter me. And I feel too embarrassed to publicly kidnap someone….”

Seeing the smile on Du Wei’s face, the senile old geezer gritted his teeth and pulled out a small little box. Opening it, what was revealed is a brilliant looking gemstone!

In the past, Du Wei had seen many different types of gemstones, but they were all of one shade…. However, the color on this gemstone was exuding all kinds of colors from afar. It is obvious this thing is not so ordinary!

“You help me finish this test and I’ll gift this to you.” Master Alley smiled faintly.

“No!” Before Alley could even finish his last word, the two disciples behind him screamed with disbelief!

“Who would have ever thought teacher was so senile to actually give such a precious thing away! If I had known we get something so nice, I would do it even if I suffer some injuries!” Both of the gray robed mage was thinking this.

Du Wei is clever enough, although he doesn’t know what the thing is right now, but he can tell the multi colored gemstone is something good. If it wasn’t, the two mage behind this old geezer wouldn’t have lost themselves in such a way!

“Shut up, useless things! Just a simple test and you make so many excuses! Now you even want ruin my business! Get the fuck away! If you two dare say another word, I’ll break your legs!!” Turning around, Alley stared down at his two disciples with wrathful eyes.

With that, the two Mage no longer dared to even make a sound. As a students of this estranged teacher, the two Mage knew very well how weird their teacher’s temper is. Once he says something, he will absolutely go through with it!

Even if their relationship is that of master and student, if he says he will break a leg, he will definitely do it! There is no lie in his words!

Though Du Wei was shocked inside his mind, but his face remained calm. Shaking his head, Du Wei said: “This … … thing in your hand, I can’t even recognize it so I don’t know whether it will be useful to me…. And in my family, there is an abundance of precious stones…… ”

After hearing Du Wei’s insulting words, this Alley wanted to jump up in rage. If not for the fact that the kid in front of him is Master Gandalf’s student, he would have already summoned a thunder god lightning strike at Du Wei.

“What! You say this thing is useless! Blind kid! This thing is something I spent 10 years collecting in the sea, and I had to spend another 3 years to refining it so that it would become like this! I’m willing to bet the entire continent wouldn’t have another better gemstone than this thing! Humph! How could a kid like you possibly understand the way to use this thing?!”

Du Wei’s still remained calm as he shook his head: “Well then, even if this thing is good, but that doesn’t mean I will like it or even have a use for it.”

Seeing the old geezer was about to put the thing away because of how angered he was, Du Wei quickly added in his next words: “Well then, this thing does look interesting, so I’ll reluctantly accept it. But if you want me to help test your invention, there must be a condition.”

“What condition!” This old geezer actually started to laugh instead of being angry: “Say it kid so we know!”

Du Wei stared at the broom lying on the floor. Then with a frown, he asked: “You should first tell me what kind of test you want me to help you do. This way I will have an idea to make my decision.”

“Humph!” The moment the topic of his invention was brought up, the arrogant attitude of this old geezer once again emerged. Raising one of his hands out in the air, the broom automatically floated into his grasp. Then with both hands, he lifted the broom above his head like an emperor holding his gorgeous token. With a face full of pride, the old geezer exclaimed: “This is my greatest master piece that I invented! Once this thing is complete, the entire world will be shocked by how great it is! Boy, listen up! The name of my greatest invention is… … Uh……” His voice seemed to be delayed. Apparently, the thought of naming his invention never even crossed his mind and now he is trying to come up with one on the spot. After a momentary pause, the old geezer immediately cried out in joy: “Flying broomstick!!”

Flying broomstick?

Du Wei hesitated for a moment before turning to have a look at the two Mage behind this old geezer. After a brief moment of being dumbfounded, Du Wei burst out into a hard laugh.

“What else is new about this?” Du Wei knit his brow with a puzzled look on his face: “Isn’t it just adding some miniature wind spell onto the broom?”

“What are you talking about? What else is new?” Old Alley had a serious and angry look on his face. For the past few years, this guy had been completely focused on creating this thing and could even be his life’s masterpiece. For his greatest work to be looked down upon like this, the old geezer nearly jumped into the air at that very moment. In his fit of rage, he nearly ripped his beard off as he shouted: “You say this is nothing new! Then show me something capable of flight!”

Du Wei curled his mouth into a smile. From the magic bag left behind by Gandalf, Du Wei pulled out the magic cloak he had stored inside.

“This is a flying cloak my teacher left me.” Du Wei walked up to the old geezer and handed it over: “It’s only a flying tool, what is so strange.”

Upon seeing the cloak, the old geezer suddenly turned silent. Using both of his hands to grab the cloak, the anger on his face disappeared to be replaced by a faint sadness!

Silent for a long time, his fingers caressed the cloak for a long time. With a sigh, the old geezer asked: “Aigh … … It really is this cloak … … Did Master Gandalf leave you this? Did he always keep it by his side?”

With that, the old guy’s eyes suddenly turned a dull red and even his beard was gently shaking. Apparently his emotion was very agitated inside.

“That’s right.” Du Wei nods: “This is indeed something teacher always carried with him.”

“Hmm……” Alley sighed. Giving the cloak back to Du Wei, his eyes were calm as he spoke: “You think my flying tool is that simple? Humph!”

Then the next things he said completely stunned Du Wei.

What he said is: “This cloak is the first flying tool he made when he was young! At the time, Master Gandalf gave him a lot of advice, so after completing his first cloak, he gave it to Gandalf as a souvenir!”

“This … … you made it?” Du Wei hesitated, but then he saw the look in the old guy’s eyes and understood he wasn’t lying.

“Yes!” Alley waved his hand: “This thing, you keep it.”

After a pause, his face looked gloomy as he laughed coldly: “You think my flying tool is the same as thing in your hand? Humph, if I want, I can make a hundred of these flying cloaks if want! But this broom is completely different!”

With that, he pointed towards Du Wei and said, “Look at my broom and see what is different!”

Finishing his word, he threw the broom to Du Wei.

Scanning over the broom carefully, Du Wei was shocked!

“This … … above……” He looked up, his face serious as he carefully looked at the old Mage: “Are you sure … … This thing can fly?”

“Ha Ha Ha! See it now!” Alley laughed three times and proudly spoke his next words: “Now you know the secret!”

What shocked Du Wei is the earth shattering difference between the flying cloak and broom.

This difference is as Alley says, it is enough to shake the entire world!

Because … …

That cloak of flight is not bad, but the principle behind it is to use magic crystals to create a magic spell on the cloak. Although this method works, but the fist sized crystal is far too expensive and it requires a Mage to first charge it up with energy before it can fly!

This method of charging a crystal with energy before use is a mandatory requirement in any magic tool.

It is exactly because of this reason that this cloak cannot be universally used. To top it off, the cost of a crystal can cost tens of thousands of gold coins, so not everyone can afford it.

As for this broom… …

After carefully checking it over, he found that there isn’t a single magic crystal anywhere!

It’s true!

Without any expensive magic crystals or precious stones … … it can still carry an ordinary person into the air…..

Let’s assume it’s not a broom, but something else. For example…..A cart?

Without magic or magic crystals gemstone … … What does this represent?

Universal flight is possible!!!

The age of flight is coming!

Right now, the inner shock inside his mind is not little!

This old chap … … How did he do it?

No magic crystals or magic stone … … Where would the magic energy come from even if he blessed it with a magic array?

No insertion of magic energy, how can the magic array function?

This is just like a flashlight without battery. If you don’t supply it with energy, how can it light up?

No energy!

But … …

But looking at the cocky face of this old guy and his own identity, Du Wei believed this person wouldn’t lie so easily!

So then, it’s true?!

This is overthrowing all laws!!! It is a revolution!

However, why do the two students behind this old chap have a look of disapproval? Logically speaking, if a person is capable of becoming a magician, their IQ cannot be that of an idiot!

For such an innovative product, even a kid like him could see the value, so why does those two have such an expression?

There must be a catch behind this!

Forcibly suppressing his inner doubts, there no way he would let such an opportunity slide him by. In a much milder and respectful tone, Du Wei said: “Master Mage….. I would like to help you…. But I also have an additional condition.”

“Say it!” Alley looked somewhat impatient.

“I want to learn how you made this flying broom!” Du Wei’s tone is beyond doubt.





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 127




Chapter 127 “Cheating deception”

Such a request was completely out of what Alley expected.

Stumbling at first, the old geezer immediately turned ecstatic when he regained his thoughts. Ignoring his disciples behind him, the old man directly stepped forward and grabbed hold of Du Wei’s wrist: “You want to learn? You believe in my invention?”

Since Alley is so excited, it can’t be helped that he may have overexerted himself. So when Du Wei felt the force on his wrist, he found that this guy may be old, but his strength is still there: “Of course I want to learn! If it is as amazing as you say, then your invention would be the greatest masterpiece of this age!”

“You hear that?!!!” Overjoyed, Alley suddenly turned around to face his two apprentices and angrily scolded them: “You hear that! You two idiots! Although you have been submissive to me, but I always knew you two never believed me! You thought I was senile didn’t you, huh! Do you hear it now! This young boy believed me! Humph!”

Overly excited at his words, this Alley broke out into a giant laugh:

“OK, OK! If you want to learn, then I’ll teach you! Ha-ha, isn’t it only a flying broom! What else do you want to learn! Ah… … Why not just let me take you as my disciple… … Oh no, no, you are already Master Gandalf’s disciples… Hmm, this can be troublesome… … ”

Despite spending a moment in thought, this old geezer still couldn’t come up with a solution; so instead, this guy simply forced the broom into Du Wei’s hand: “Let’s not mind so much for now! We will first have a test flight!”

Before Du Wei could even speak, Mage Clark was already panicking at the terrifying scene unraveling in front of him because he managed to recall the pieces of information regarding all of the test subjects prior to this.

Inside Clark’s mind: Hmmm….. Didn’t this old guy’s apprentices suffer from multiple injuries? So the reason was because of this flying broom….

Unlike Du Wei, Clark is well trained in the foundation of magic, so to him, the very concept of a magic tool without any energy crystal to power it is nothing but whimsical nonsense. If this old guy wants to be crazy, no one will stop him! But if he somehow ended up hurting Du Wei in the process….. Clark feared his own position as a Deacon would be in jeopardy!

No way! This absolutely cannot be allowed!

No longer caring if he will offend this old monster at this point, Clark called out: “Master Alley! Master Alley! The….”

But when Alley stared at him, Clark’s voice quickly weakened to the point of murmuring. Despite his fear, Clark pushed on and said: “The… … President said he has important matters with him… … Oh no, no, no! I of course do not dare hinder your magic experimentation. It’s just……” Clark suddenly had an inspiration: “But now is not the right time. Would it be possible for Du Wei to meet the president first, then come back and accompany you?”

In Clark’s mind: as long as Du Wei finishes meeting with the president, then he would be off the hook even if Du Wei breaks a leg or two afterwards.

Just when Alley wanted to refuse, Du Wei realized which matter is more important at the moment.

Although he was still very curious about the broom, but even he is not so blind to not notice the danger surrounding this situation. As such, he interrupted: “

“Yes, Master Alley, let’s do this. First, I’ll go meet the president and then I’ll come back and find you.”

The itch inside Alley was reaching an intolerable level. Originally, he didn’t want to wait and was about to drag Du Wei away with him. However, after listening to Du Wei’s words, his mind changed because right now the more he looked at the kid, the more pleasing he became in his eyes. As the sole person capable of understanding his inventions, this old geezer didn’t want to offend Du Wei in any way because he feared he might lose this last guinea pig.

Since it came to this, he might as well wait.

Thinking of this, Alley sighed and nodded. But just when everyone thought it was over, this old guy suddenly had an inspiration and stuffed the multicolored gemstone into Du Wei’s hand:

“Consider this a deposit! Now that you have received it, you cannot go back on your word!”

With that said, the old guy laughed several more times before heading away with his two disciples following close behind. It’s just that when the two drifted pass Du Wei, they gave him a pitying look as if someone was on a death road.

Oh… Poor boy, to be so unfortunate to meet our teacher. There will be much suffering coming your way in the future.

However, when the two caught sight of the rainbow colored gemstone in Du Wei’s hand, they couldn’t help but drool at the thing.

On the other hand, the reason old Alley first stuffed the thing into Du Wei’s hand is because he had alternative motives.

“Humph, this kid. Now that he has accepted my thing, he can’t go back on his words. Even if he wants to return it, there’s no way I’ll let him! And considering my status, there’s no way he would dare try to cheat me! Humph!”

After seeing Alley and his group leave, Clark was finally able to feel a bit relieved inside. Turning to face Du Wei, Clark smiled wryly as he spoke: “From now on, you had better avoid this old fellow… … Aigh, he is not to be trifled with.”

Du Wei shook his head: “I think he is very interesting. I’m really curious about that flying broom.”

Clark took a look at Du Wei and inwardly thought: It can’t be helped then. His days of learning magic theories are simply too short. From the looks of it, this new student of Master Gandalf never managed to learn the foundation of magic in its entirety….. Humph, how can it be possible to work a magic circle without energy crystals?

With that thought, Clark did not say anything else because it is after all none of his business.

Walking through the door, Clark and Du Wei stepped into another magic transfer circle similar to the one outside. Then, with a few turns of the crystal plate by Clark, the two finally came up to the highest floor in the tower.

Unlike the previous scenes from before, the two were welcomed by a very thick oak door in front of them. Pushing it open, the first thing Du Wei saw was how bland the room looked. Different from what he expected of a room belonging to the president of the Magic Union, this room is nothing but an ordinary looking office. Looking around, the first thing Du Wei noticed was the big circular door in the back of the room. It is then that he realized the laboratory is probably hidden behind that door.

Standing in the middle of the room, Du Wei felt something was not quite right…. This place seems…. Too be too big?

That’s right! This place is at the peak of the tower. According to his visual observation from the outside, this room should be no more than a dozen meters in space…. But this office room alone is more than 100 square meters in length! As for how big the lab in the back is… … Du Wei didn’t want to imagine.

Clark smiled faintly: “Every floor here is a laboratory belonging to some Grand Wizard, but because of the limited space available, we would use some kind of space rearrangement spell to expand the rooms!”

Just as he explained this, the circular door in the back slowly opened and a commanding voice reached out: “Clark, you brought our new magic scholar?”

Hearing the voice, Clark hastily changed his expression and bowed: “Yes, Lord president. I brought Mr. Du Wei here.”

The Magic Union’s President, Supreme Leader of all mages on the continent, Dorgan slowly came forth from behind the circular door.

The moment Du Wei caught sight of this person; a positive and pleased feeling arose inside his heart.

No need to say anything else, just the black hair and eyes is enough to please him. But to top it all off, the facial features of this president is just too familiar. Yes, this person is similar in appearance to his own ethnic background in his previous life. So of course Du Wei would instantly feel a bit more intimate regarding this president.

Instead of wearing the expensive black robe like he did during the empires founding festival, Dorgan only wore a white Mage robe. It’s nothing out of the ordinary, but just that if one were to look a bit closer; they would notice the stains in some areas.

“Well then Clark, you can go out… … Oh… Yes, I already know about the events downstairs. Alley notified me using a magic array earlier. Regarding this situation, you don’t have to care anymore. You can go out; it’ll be fine if you wait for us down below.” Dorgan waved his hand.

Seeing he is dismissed for now, Clark bowed again and hastily turned around to leave.

Still standing there in silence, Du Wei and Dorgan were both currently analyzing each other.

After a while, Dorgan finally smiled to break the silence, “Hi, we finally meet at last, our new Magic Scholar.”

Du Wei had to admit that this president of the Magic Union is a very attractive and his smile looked very nice.

“Sit down.” Dorgan’s hand pointed towards some strange arch shaped blocks in the room. At first, he thought they were only wood, but he quickly realized they were not when he came up close to check.

Dorgan looked at Du Wei and faintly smiled: “I’m sorry, but very few people would come visit me in my room, so there aren’t any comfy couches here… … Oh, just sit on top of it. This is a chair made out of a skull from a ‘Mara giant elephant’.”

Du Wei can’t help but secretly take in a breath.

Mara giant elephant?

This huge creature is not actually a magic creature, but a normal giant animal of this world. In the past, he had seen pictures of this animal and the reason it was so memorable is because according to the records, this animal is even comparable in strength to a magic creature.

“I think you must also be looking forward to our meeting.” As Dorgan continued to speak, he was able to figure out Du Wei felt a bit uncomfortable with all this: “Well then, no need to be so reserved, I just wanted to ask you a few questions.”

With that said, Dorgan walked slowly around the table and even personally handed Du Wei a cup of tea.

Looking at the white glass cup in front of him, Du Wei thought: This thing can’t be made from some animal bones too, right?

“This is ‘Kheir El-Din tea leaves.” Dorgan smiles faintly: “I know you are very proficient in magic potions, so you should know that Kheir El-Din has a very good flavor and is good for keeping someone feel refreshed. As someone ages, it can’t be helped that they would be lacking in energy, so this has become my main drinking solution.”

Under the gaze of the president, Du Wei took a sip and his eyes quickly lit up in amazement. Then squinting his eyes as he savored the flavor: “You added Northern Orange leaf grass in it.”

A glimmer of appreciation wafted out from Dorgan’s eyes when he heard Du Wei’s words:

“Nice. It would seem you really are good at medicinal herbs. Let me test you. You know why I want to add the Northern Orange leaf grass? ”

“By only using Kheir El-Din, there will be a certain degree of bitterness in the taste. If you add the Northern Orange leaf grass to it, the flavor of the two will neutralize the bitterness. But more importantly, I’ve read in some records that a few indigenous tribes in the southeast have a habit of chewing the northern Orange leaf grass. By doing this when they were young, these people tend to grow up with stronger bones.” Even though Du Wei said all this, but inwardly, he was thinking: Humph, all this about strengthening one’s bone structure is no different from having a little vitamin boost……

(The part about the vitamin is something I made up because the Chinese word has no true English translation but the meaning is the same)

“Very good.” It seems this president is satisfied with the answer: “You really do have an extensive knowledge regarding medicinal herbs. This makes me very happy because you may be able to help me solve a very difficult problem.”

Du Wei slightly knitted his brow: “Excuse me, what is the reason you came looking for me? I think it can’t just be because of my relationship with my teacher, right?”

Dorgan gently smiled: “First of all, I need to ask you a few questions. I need your honest answers. I’m not Clark, you do not need to tell me what you already told him, you understand?”

Du Wei’s expression darkened under the watchful eyes of Dorgan. Although his face still had the kind and gentle smile he always had, but the feeling Du Wei felt was that he was being completely seen through.

“Okay.” Du Wei nodded.

“Well then, the first question… I need to know, master Gandalf… … Is he really dead?”

Du Wei immediately nodded and whispered, “Yes.”

Dorgan sighed… … “Sure enough, it is like this; even the life stone is shattered. From the looks of it, my last hope is gone.”

“So can you tell me… … How on earth did he die?”

Du Wei knew that in the presence of this President, his story from before is not a feasible solution. Thinking for a moment, Du Wei purposely made himself look a bit embarrassed: “……”

“Is there some kind of issue?”

Du Wei sighed: “Teacher told me that if I say it, there would be trouble following me.”

“It’s okay, you tell me.” Dorgan smiled slightly: “I think, even if there is any trouble, the Magic Union will stand by your side.”

Du Wei he looked a bit dejected, but his mind immediately had an idea!

You want to try?

Hmm… …

“It’s like this.” Du Wei raised his head and peered into Dorgan’s eyes: “Teacher took me all the way to the north and then we went into the frozen forest.”

“Why?” ”

“I don’t know specifically, but he seemed to be looking for some kind of rare magical beast.”

Dorgan nodded his head in agreement with this interpretation because Mages have a tendency to seek out magical beasts in order to procure the right materials. Moreover, he knew Gandalf had a pass for the frozen forest.

“Then we continued to head north inside the frozen forest and came up to the Big circular lake.”

“Big circular lake?” Dorgan was surprised because everyone knew this place is a landmark of the frozen forest! Anyone entering the frozen forest knew not to cross this lake.

Gandalf is indeed a legendary magician of unparalleled strength.

“In the Northern side of the lake, teacher managed to catch a lot of magical beast. But after a while, we encountered an ice demon wolf…. Hmm, but the thing didn’t seem to be an ordinary demon wolf. If you ask me, I say it was a Wolf King. Then later on, we encountered another evil faced spider queen.” Speaking up to this part, Du Wei sighed.

Dorgan’s face also turned pale: “So many mighty magical beasts? Could it be that Master Gandalf also captured them all?”

“Yes, but teacher expended quite a bit of energy in order to catch these beasts.” Du Wei sighed.

“And then what?”

“Then we planned to come back, but because of an accident, teacher took me along and continued further into the north.” Du Wei intentionally revealed a trace of fear on his face. This little emotion was enough to capture Dorgan’s attention. In a whispering voice, Du Wei continued to speak: “We… … Met someone.”

“Someone?”

“A wounded Knight.” Du Wei did not pretend to be calm; instead, he deliberately showed a trace of fear in his eyes as he looked at the old guy: “We thought it was strange because teacher said that no one dares to go pass the lake.”

“The Knight we met was just as surprised as we were. I’m not sure why, but the knight suddenly attacked us! Never in my life did I’ve ever seen such a powerful knight before!”

“He attacked you guys?” Dorgan immediately guessed: “Could it be that the wounded knight is actually Hussein from the temple?”

Inside Dorgan’s mind: Yeah, that’s right. According to the news, Hussein fled to the North and disappeared into the frozen forest.

“Hmm, that’s right. That guy’s name is Hussein.” Du Wei nodded in affirmation, then clenched his fist and whispered, “Teacher said that the guy’s strength had already reached the level of Saint Knight.”

“Saint Knight?!” Dorgan was surprised, this is important news!

Saint Knight? The continent hasn’t seen someone of that level for a hundred years! Could that traitor really have reached the Saint level?

Hmm, but… … From the information, Hussein was able to the murder two of the knight leaders, so this information is not beyond expectation.

“Why did Hussein raise his weapon against you guys?” Dorgan knitted his brow and asked.

Even if Hussein became a Saint Knight, he wouldn’t just randomly take the initiative to attack Master Gandalf, would he? For someone of Gandalf’s level, even a Saint Paladin wouldn’t be able to have the upper hand without suffering something in return!

“When Hussein met up with us, he seemed to be very surprised and probably wanted to get rid of us to erase any tracks leading to him.”

Du Wei reply was very reasonable.

A fleeing traitor of the temple wanted to murder someone to get rid of his tracks?

This is also fair and reasonable.

“Didn’t Hussein know of your identity prior to making his move?” Dorgan puts forth his last trace of doubt.

“He didn’t know.”

Then that’s right! If Hussein had known he was facing one of the strongest Mage on the continent, would he have so carelessly challenged them in such a situation?

“What was the result?” Dorgan sighed.

“The result is that teacher threw me far, far away from the battle. Once they engaged each other, the entire landscaped in that area got destroyed. In the end, Hussein was felled by teacher’s hand.” Speaking up to here, Du Wei rubbed his eyes with something. Prior to coming here, he had already guessed the fact that he would be questioned…..

What he hid in his hand wasn’t any form of powder… … Because Du Wei is certain any form of magic material he came up with would not make it pass the eyes of a Grand Mage! So, Du Wei used…. Sand!

Hidden in his sleeves, he had stored away a few grains of sand the entire time. Now that he rubbed it into his eyes, the tears started to flow uncontrollably!

With tears in his eyes, Du Wei continued to explain in a choppy manner: “Not only was their battle fierce, the fight lasted for an extremely long time…. In the end, teacher even used his ‘wheel of time’ magic…..”

Wheel of time?

Hmm, it certainly is Master Gandalf’s top tiered magic spell.

“In the end, that Knight was killed by teacher, but teacher……” Du Wei sighed: “That Knight really is too strong, before he died; the knight threw out his sword pierced through teacher’s body.”

“And then what?” Dorgan’s voice was somber as he spoke.

“…… Then, teacher was heavily wounded; even healing magic could not mend his wounds…. After teacher left behind a few words to me, he…… died.”

Dorgan looked gloomy as he carefully thought for a moment with his eyes closed.

This child… … His words are fair and reasonable.

For someone to be able to kill Gandalf, that person must be at least the level of a Saint Knight to pull it off.

It’s no wonder he can’t be honest with Clark before. Any matters regarding Hussein are simply too complicated! With the involvement of the Temple… … Hmm, the reason he didn’t dare speak the truth must be because of Gandalf’s last words.

Aigh, it’s too much of a pity for Master Gandalf to die with a Saint Knight…. This is too big of a loss for the union.

Dorgan pondered for a moment: “What about you? After your master died, how did you get out? With your magic level, I’m afraid that you won’t even be able to make it past the lake!”

Du Wei felt his heart tightened… … This old guy is not easy to fool.

However, Du Wei was still able to reply: “Before teacher passed away, he gave me something to avoid the magical beasts along the way.” Touched the magic bag on his waist, he carefully pulled out a bottle from it. Then gently popping the lid, Du Wei poured some greenish looking powder out….

“Oh, this is Dragon dung.” It is only natural that Dorgan can recognize this stuff. With that, the last hint of doubt in his mind vanished.

With this kind of thing, it’s no wonder that such a boy is able to freely walk through the frozen forest unhindered.

“Later on, I came across a few mercenaries further to the south and followed them out of the frozen forest.” Du Wei added one last sentence for the finishing blow.

Dorgan carefully thought for a moment, and then brought back up the gentle smile on his face: “Very good! You are a good boy. Master Gandalf’s soul will definitely bless you.”

He then again pointed at the cup in front of Du Wei and smiled: “You drink a little more. I think that while in the frozen forest, you must have suffered a lot of trials. Aigh, I heard your body is not so good…. It is already very fortunate for you to be able to make it out of the frozen forest.”

Everything so far seems to be very reasonable. Dorgan removed his inner doubts and began thinking about the following questions.

He did not think too much about Gandalf’s death… … After all, the person is already dead and that will not change. Although Hussein was involved, but it is the Temple’s business and the Magic Union has no obligation to care. Humph! But with the death of Gandalf, his own plans will have to befall on this teenager!

“Dear sir Du Wei.” Dorgan’s tone turned slightly serious: “I would also like to remind you that your teacher’s advice is the correct move! If you had revealed this matter prior to this, I fear that the temple would have already taken you back with them for interrogation because the matter about Hussein is very complicated…. But now….. Humph, you are already part of the Magic Union so the temple can’t just take you away. No matter what, the union will negotiate with the temple on your behalf! You don’t have to worry anymore, so just let the matter regarding your teacher’s death go! You have to understand that the highest pursuit in life for us magicians is in the study of magic. For someone as great as Master Gandalf, he would have already seen through this meaning.” Pausing a moment to let the idea set in, Dorgan continued: “Since you are a disciple of master Gandalf, the magic union will naturally give you some special care…. Hmm, you still didn’t take part in any magic evaluation test, right? Although your time together as student and teacher was short, but as a student of Gandalf, I believe your talent must be above the ordinary…. Hmm, as a show of respect towards Master Gandalf….”

Du Wei nervously looked at this President.

“Hmm, let’s do this then. A few days after the summer festival, myself and a few grand Mages will personally host your magic evaluation test!” Dorgan made up his decision and carefully stared at Du Wei: “You have to understand the problem: since you are masters Gandalf’s disciple, then your life is bound to and associated with magic from now on! You are doomed to be a magician by trade and will stand above all sentient beings of this world! Free from the mundane lifestyle! From here on out, you are no longer the young master of the Rowling household, nor will you have anything to do with the nobility’s….. Your identity in the future will be very simple. From this moment on, you are a Mage of the magic union… Do you understand?”

Everything this president said so far had been revolving around him and the magic union, so how can Du Wei not connect the dots that this person wanted to tie him together with the union?

Standing outside of the mundane lifestyle? Isn’t that saying just to make him understand that his identity is mainly a magician and he must side with the Magic Union side? Then wouldn’t that also mean he can’t see himself as a member of nobility?

This… … Is like a method of pulling him in, but also serves as a warning!

In front of the other party, Du Wei of course wouldn’t contradict him. Although nodding, he was secretly laughing in his heart: This old guy is bullying him by taking advantage of his own ignorance! Humph, Gandalf’s disciple must be loyal to the union? Not so! When Gandalf was alive, he didn’t really associate too much with the union either! Even his baby girl apprentice was hidden away at home and refused to let her into the magic Union!

But these words cannot be said out loud.

Dorgan was very satisfied with the silent agreement from the teenager in front of him. Again revealing his gentle expression on his face:

“Other than your rank examination… … I will also give you a big surprise. Hmm, I know your status in your family is not high… … Oh, please forgive me for being so direct. But we magicians don’t have much care for such mundane things. As long as you can become an excellent grand magician, those nobles will instead come pandering to you.

So, in the future, you won’t have a need to consider whatever family status. And once you finish taking your assessment test, I will also give you another surprise…. It is a special identity status. With this special status, even your old man wouldn’t dare to look down on you!”

Surprise?

Du Wei leaked out a surprised expression on his face, but secretly, he was on full alert!

This is probably not some kind of surprise… But a problem!

The Magic Union is expending so many costs to bribe him….. It is likely to do with this surprise then!

Coming out of the Dorgan’s room, Du Wei was then led back to the bottom level of the tower and guided back outside.

As for that old Alley, when Du Wei was just about to leave, Dorgan told him he had already talked to the old geezer and decided to postpone it to another day. The next time Du Wei came to visit, he can just directly go meet Alley in his place.

From the time of coming out of the president’s room, to outside the magic union, he has been constantly thinking about the meaning of the word ‘surprise’ Dorgan had mentioned.

The magic union wants to draw him to their side…. Along the way to capital, he was nearly assassinated…. Then when he was home again, his father suddenly became kinder to him.

What exactly is this “surprise”?

Captain Alpha remained cold as ever and didn’t talk much during their return home. Once Du Wei reached the mansion, he immediately went to his room and called Gargamel to come out.

“Gargamel……” Du Wei then explained the main events of today’s encounter to the mouse in hopes of gaining some kind of assistance. Although this mouse is timid and somewhat obscene, but after all, this guy used to be a member of the magic union. Maybe he will be able to give him some clue.

“You encountered Alley? You promised to help him do the magic test? Do not need an energy crystal to lay a magic circle?” Gargamel asked all of these questions in one single breath. Although his tone was bitter, but mixed into it was a touch of pity and sympathy: “Boy. I have to remind you that you should beg for more luck! This old Alley is one of the few old and dangerous monsters of magic union!”

“Dangerous? He is not dangerous, right? I think that his words were very friendly.”

Gargamel sighed: “This old guy’s ‘danger’ is not so ordinary! This crazy old geezer often comes up with some weird and terrible trials… … Do you know how miserable his apprentices are?! When I was in the magic union, his apprentices would be seriously injured after every other day! All of this was to help him do those tests! As for the broom… … I need to remind you with my magician identity. This is perhaps another whimsical nonsense of this crazy old geezer again! In the past, his crazy ideas were numerous, but none of them were successful! Every one of them failed in the end! And those that ended up in the trial tests always suffered a lot!”

Gargamel jumped up onto the table and nearly pointed his claws right into Du Wei’s nose: “In short, this old guy is definitely a dangerous madman!”

“I feel it’s okay.” Du Wei did not believe: “If the broom is successful……”

“Don’t even think about it! This is against the laws of magic!” Gargamel bluntly refuted.

“Oh, yes, he gave me a thing.” Du Wei pulled out the rainbow colored gem from his pocket.

The second the thing was pulled out, the mouse suddenly froze in mid movement!

His bean sized eyes suddenly froze and his jaws dropped in amazement as he stared at the gemstone in Du Wei’s hand. Then out of nowhere, Gargamel freakishly screamed: “Five colored magic nucleus!! My God! Oh universal god! That old madman really is mad! He really gave such a thing to you!!!”

Du Wei looked at the mouse: “This thing… … Is very precious?”

“Precious??” Gargamel jumped up as if his tail had just been stepped on: “You say precious?! HA HA HA HA! Boy, you really don’t know what it is!

I’ll tell you, if you take this thing out, I fear every Mage on this continent would break their heads to get their hands on a piece of it!! Precious? Let me tell you, Once upon a time in history, there was a ninth-level magician that offered a forbidden spell to get a piece of this five colored gemstone. But in the end, he was still rejected!! Many Mages would trade everything under their possession to get a piece of this thing!! Do you understand?!”

After saying this, Gargamel eyes were beaming with greed as if he would cling to the stone at any moment. While drooling like he had seen a tasty prey, the mouse exclaimed: “It’s worth it, it’s worth it! It’s definitely worth it! Whatever magic test he wants you do, just go!

Even if you encounter any danger and break your hand or feet… … Oh no, even if you break your neck, as long as you can get this thing, it is absolutely a bargain!”





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases





* * *





Chapter 128




Chapter 128 “crazy stone”

Du Wei was also shocked about how great the mouse described this stone. Taking a swallow, he indivertibly asked: “This stuff really is that valuable?”

Gargamel sighed, his small little bean sized eyes fluctuating in emotions. Unlike before, his wretched looking face was replaced by a knowledgeable and expert like expression: “Humph…… This thing is a treasure in the eyes of someone that knows their stuff, but in the eyes of someone lacking, this is nothing but a stone… … I think in this day and age, the numbers of people that still knows about this thing is very few in between.”

Du Wei ponders for a moment: From his observation, those two disciples of old Alley still don’t fully understand the value of this gemstone. Although they opposed against the idea of giving him the stone, but in the end, they still relented. If this thing really is as Gargamel says, those two would have already robbed him in the morning. Also, there was Clark. From the beginning till the end, he didn’t show the slightest hint of interest. So, it would seem he doesn’t know either.

Du Wei was interested now as he slowly stroked the stone in his hand. Then peeling a nut, he handed it to Gargamel in hopes of pleasing the mouse.

Noticing the change in attitude, Gargamel happily accepted the nut and sneered as he chewed: “For such a good thing to fall into your hands, you can consider it your luck, but do you know how to use it?”

“I don’t know, but I thought you should know.” Du Wei replied.

In a very cool manner, Gargamel threw the rest of the nut into his mouth and raised one of his claws towards Du Wei: “Take out the stuff you got last time from the magic union, I have a use for them.”

Subsequently, Du Wei obediently handed the magic bag to the mouse. With his head in the bag, Gargamel fiddled around to pull out a leather pouch. The contents of this bag contain tools used for crafting magic tools and carving magic gemstones.

“A five-colored gemstone is the greatest gift a Mage can have from heaven. If a magician manages to obtain a piece of this thing, they can muster up several times the amount of power while in combat!”

While Gargamel selected the appropriate tools, he glanced at Du Wei standing from the side: “Your magic reserve at the moment is only at an intermediate level at best, but if you have this precious thing to aid you…. Then even if you encounter a Grand Mage, you wouldn’t lose out in terms of energy reserve!”

Then Gargamel started to spit out information after information, only then did Du Wei finally have a firm grasping of the stone’s use.

When a Mage is in combat, it is unavoidable their energy usage would be huge after casting profoundly high level magic spells.

And when a Mage loses the capability of casting any more spells, they are no different than a lamb waiting to be slaughtered in battle. In order to avoid such a situation, a typical Mage would carry with them a variety of magic items to quickly recuperate their magic reserves.

One of the essential items for a Mage on the Roland continent is a magic potion *** among these are multitudes of different formulas that requires different materials to produce various degrees of results.

But even the best potion… … My point is that only by using magical plants to stimulate one’s body, it is only temporary and cannot be overlapped.

Though it may have some effect, but Du Wei knew that by using a drug over a long period of time, it would be more harmful than good.

If one did not want to use potions, a Mage could also rely on magic crystals to store a certain amount of energy inside for later use. By collecting some high quality energy crystal, a Mage could craft it into some decorative trinket – like a ring – to carry on their body. When they are in a real fight, that person can then consume whatever energy they had previously stored inside to replenish their own magic reserve, thus, allowing them to keep fighting.

This method is just like a battery.

The only problem to this was… … That even the finest magic crystal has a very small storage capacity. For example: an energy crystal the size of a finger ring could only store enough magic to power one or two intermediate spells.

As for those Grand Mages, they would often be in possession of some forbidden spells! Though these spells are terrifying in their destructive force, but the consumption is horribly high…. Even for those ninth level Grand Mages, they could only use it once before their energy reserve become depleted. So even if one were to have an energy crystal on every finger, it would not be nearly enough to channel another forbidden spell.

“In theory, the more energy storage tools you have, the more advantage you would gain in battle.” Gargamel faintly smiles.

“Then wouldn’t a magic bag be even better because it would let someone bring as many magic crystals as they want?” Du Wei smiled wryly.

“Ignorant little boy!” The mouse bluntly denounced Du Wei: “You think magic crystals aren’t expensive to procure? Even the richest of Mages can only collect so many! And…. Even if you have a ton of crystals inside your bag, the enemy would have already killed you a hundred times before you could take another out!”

That’s right.

Du Wei nodded in agreement.

“A five colored gemstone is different… … If used to store energy, the capacity is so astonishing that it is beyond your imagination!”

Gargamel had a mysterious smile on his face before he pulled a silver crafting tool from the leather bag. With it, the mouse started to hack away at the gemstone to remove a piece about the size of Du Wei’s pinky finger. Handing it over to him, the mouse started to laugh coldly in a menacing tone: “If you don’t believe me, you can try it out yourself.”

Du Wei didn’t quite believe it, so he asked: “It’s so small though?”

After all, Du Wei had carried out numerous magic experiments with Solskjaer prior to this. Some of them did include crystals used for storing magic energy. Recalling from his memories, those high grade crystals the size of his fist would be fully charged by the time half his reserve is injected into them.

So can something so small that it can even be compared to a mouse dropping be useful?

Gargamel stared at Du Wei coldly: “How would you know?”

But very soon, about a meal’s worth of time, Du Wei’s face turned pale from exhaustion!

Not only was he tired, his brain was also very dizzy. Although he suffered no physical damage, but his mind had an empty feeling as if his spirit’s been pulled out of his body!

In this one attempt, just about every drop of his energy was injected into this small tiny crystal pebble.

“The five colored crystal has one very unique characteristic. When the gemstone reaches its saturation point, the multicolored lights on the gemstone will disappear and its appearance would be no different than a regular common rock.” Gargamel said this very coldly as he focused his sight on the tiny pebble in Du Wei’s hand….

Right now, the pebble still radiated with multicolored lights!

Du Wei turned pale: “its capacity is so big?”

Right now, his energy capacity is basically comparable to a fifth level Mage! No need to bring up the magic output, just a pure magic competition is enough to place Du Wei on pretty good ranking among all the mages on the whole continent! But this little thing seems to have undergone no change at all even after he injected all of his mental energy!

“It’s still too early!” Gargamel laughed coldly: “With your level of magic, it would take you another 10 days of constantly doing this to fill this small tiny thing.”

If it’s like this, then this little pebble is capable of storing enough magic energy to rival even 10 fifth level Mages?!

“I can help you turn this little pebble into a ring. If you ever get into a fight where your opponent is much stronger than you, you can instantly replenish your reserve with it. As long as your opponent isn’t capable of casting a forbidden spell, they would have a hard time striking you down because they would be facing the equivalent of a hundred assaults from you!

A super battery?!

Du Wei’s jaw dropped with his tongue sticking out in shock!

How refreshing can this get, smashing one high tiered spell after another other! Just competing in the amount energy consumption is enough to make the other party flee in fright!

HA HA HA HA!

Gargamel was able to easily guess Du Wei’s thought pattern from the proud expression plastered onto his face. With a cold sneer, the mouse interrupted him in order to knock some reality back into him: “You think this thing is that simple? If it was so, then all those mages wouldn’t be coveting it so highly! Let me tell you then. The greatest use for this thing is that in all these millenniums, this is the only unique material suited for making forbidden spell scrolls!”

Du Wei fell into shock, even his heart was pumping like it was being pounded by a hammer!

Forbidden spell scrolls?!

Du Wei of course knew what a magic scroll is. The thing is nothing but a Mage sealing a spell inside a scroll so that it could be instantly activated in battle. Of course, the main benefit of such a thing lies in the fact that the person using the scroll need not use any of their own magic energy!

However, the vast majority of these magic scrolls are only capable of storing low leveled intermediate spells! Only on occasion would a high tiered spell scroll surface in the market!

The reason for this is that the method of sealing a spell inside a scroll is just too difficult…. The main barrier lies in the level of magic! When there is an insufficient amount of magic energy, it would be impossible to create an even greater magic spell!

But… …

“The storage capacity of this tiny pebble is just too amazing! With only a tiny piece of this size is enough to power a forbidden spell! Now look at the giant piece in front of you…… If we turn it all into forbidden spell scrolls…. How many do you think we can create?” When Gargamel said this, his eyes had a light of madness shooting out from them!

Even a top level Mage can only afford to cast a forbidden spell once!

A forbidden spell is ranked the highest in terms of spell ranking. Although Du Wei has never seen a forbidden spell before, but from the information he heard, there is a Grand Mage currently capable of using one called the “Burning City Flame”. Once this spell is cast, the offensive power released will be enough to turn a 100,000 populated city into ashes! In the aftermath of such destruction, the only evidence of a once populated city will be the scorching flame marks caused by the fire!

But such a terrifying magic is enough to suck all the energy out of the caster till they are a dried husk. Unless the caster is a ninth level Mage, they would never be able to pull it off. Even then, the caster would only be able to do it once before they lose their combative ability.

But then, if one can bind a forbidden spell into a scroll?!

My God!

Du Wei gulped in disbelief! If he can carry around 80 such scrolls at all times, then he can just casually throw a few out when he encounters an enemy….. No need to say a Saint Knight or a ninth level Mage, even if he encounters the dragon patriarch again, he would be able to kill the guy off till there is nothing left!!

It is indeed a treasure!

(I was much tempted to write “My Precious….”)

Du Wei grabbed onto the pebbles again, but this time around, he had no intention of ever letting go!

My God, this is equal to carrying around 80 nukes! If I have such a thing, even if Aragon crawls out of his grave, I can send him right back!

“We don’t even need any kind of forbidden spell.” Gargamel smiled: “As long as we can make more than 10 advanced spell scrolls for you, the destructive power of it all is enough to put you on the list of one of the strongest people on the continent.”

Du Wei nodded, although a forbidden spell is terrifying in power, but at the moment, he did not know any. And even if he wanted to learn, he can’t just go up to some super powerful Mage and ask them to willingly teach him, can he?

As for some advanced level spells, he did in fact know a few. Back when Du Wei first met Vivian, he managed to extort some of her most powerful spells and the six spells he currently know is from her. With his current level, he may not be able to fully make use of them, but with the five colored gemstone, he should be able to manage it!

Hmm. To be able to keep a hundred of these advanced spell scrolls… … He could dominate the entire continent with little resistance if he wanted to.

Although Gargamel was also envious of the stone, but he knew that he didn’t have much hope in his current state. As such, the mouse steeled his resolve and decided to wholeheartedly help Du Wei. In a whispering tone, Gargamel said: “This thing is too valuable. Even if we turn it all into scrolls, it wouldn’t do us much good. I’ll first use that piece I knocked off earlier to make you a ring so that even if you encounter any danger, you would be able to protect yourself.”

Gargamel may not be a master smith, but a simple task of making a mere magic accessory is still within his capability.

Exhausted from his little attempt, Du Wei decided to sit down in order to rest. Closing his eyes, he went into a meditative state.

Like this, Du Wei sat there for a day and even missed his evening meal because the feeling of having his entire energy reserve depleted is just too straining on his body.

Finally opening his eyes after his meditation ended, Du Wei felt a bit strange!

Unlike before, he noticed his mental spirit was spreading out like a spider web wrapping around everything in his surroundings. Not only was he feeling better, he could feel the spiritual growth in his mind!

Although it’s not significant, but he can tell it was definitely more concise than before!

Still sitting in his room with his eyes close, Du Wei decided to expand his reach even further to test his limit. Now, everything in his room was as clear as if he was looking at it with his eyes open!

Like this, his senses have already gone past his room and the scenery outside quickly appears in his mind!

The corridors carpet dust… … The carefully walking maid… … Then past the yard outside his room is the drifting leaves falling off the tree,,, Even the texture is perfectly clear in his mind!

Gradually, his mental scope has covered more than a hundred radiuses around his body! Out of curiosity, Du Wei decided to try to push his limit to see where he could reach…..

Like little tentacles, his consciousness drifted slowly past the corridors and eventually he came up to the yard in front of his father’s study room!

EH?

Du Wei hesitated for a moment and was preparing to return, then suddenly, he heard a cold “Humph” sound!

This Humph was filled with murderous intent! The voice was obviously subtle, but in his ears, it was like a thunderous clap!

Du Wei was taken aback, then he started to feel a killing intent ruthlessly knocking him over!

With a rumbling sound, Du Wei jerked back in immense pain that instantly made him feel dizzy.

“You have a lot of nerve to dare spy on the Earls mansion!” A cold voice pierced straight into Du Wei’s heart. Already dizzy, Du Wei’s mental focus immediately came crashing down under the sudden ROAR of this voice.

While still sitting inside his room, Du Wei forcefully opened his eyes with his back covered in cold sweat.

Gasping for air, Du Wei slowly calmed down only to notice that his mental fatigue, he spent one day recovering was once again drained by half.

Father appears to have a master guarding his study! Only after confirming his breathing has calmed down did he put his mind at ease.

Back in the courtyard outside the Earls study room stood Captain Alpha. Looking up into the sky, one of his arms was holding onto the handle of his sword.

“What’s wrong, Alpha?” Earl Raymond’s mellow voice was heard from inside the study.

“My lord… …” Alpha turned to face the study room as whispered, “There are magicians probing the mansion with their senses! Humph, they got some nerve! In the capital, there are actually mages that dare break the rule!”

Silent for a while, the door to the study room slowly opened. From inside, the count walked out while still wearing his white cotton robe. Facing Alpha, the count smiled: “Humph, it’s a Mage probing us…… Aigh, regarding this matter, they still have the upper hand….. And this time I am caught in the middle…” He frowned slightly: “However, for a Mage to so blatantly spy on this place. Could this demonstration be intentional? Those guys at the magic union are becoming more and more aggressive!”

“Earl.” Alpha’s flashed a hint of killing intent: “Do you want me to… … The foe spied on us here, so they can’t be too far!”

“No.” Earl Raymond sneered loudly: “Let them go! There’s only two to three days left anyways. Once the summer festival is over and the situation is set and done, then we can talk about it. His majesty still didn’t have any orders recently as if waiting for the magic union’s decision. So it would be best if we stay low for now too.”

Right now, Du Wei remained unaware that his little endeavor has caused his father to become suspicious. Normally in the capital, if a Mage spies on a nobleman’s home, it would be considered a hostile move against that person.

Du Wei remained in his room by himself as Gargamel dedicated himself in the back of the bedroom. As for QQ, if that guy doesn’t cause any trouble then its good.

In a trance like state, Du Wei continued to speculate about the situation earlier: Did father have such a powerful expert guarding his study before? And how can someone see through his probing! If there is someone like that, he must be skilled in martial arts and magic. But so far, he had never seen a Mage around.

… … Could captain Alpha be skilled in magic and martial skills?

As he was thinking, the sound footsteps could be heard coming from the hallway, although light, but it was very clear in his ears.

Subsequently, someone started to knock on the door, but the sound seems different than that of a servant.

“Brother! Du Wei brother! Are you in there? It’s me, I’m Gabri!” A child like voice rang out from behind the door. This person is none other than Du Wei’s little brother and genius of the Rowling family.





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.





* * *





Chapter 129




Chapter 129 “brothers”

Gabri? That kid.

Du Wei’s face immediately turned into a genuine joyful expression as he went to open the door.

Standing in front of the door is the emotionally excited eight year old Gabri.

Though the kid is considered to be the family’s future hope and pride, but right now, Gabri stood there without any hint of the so called “genius” style everyone expected of him.

Wearing a set of blue colored suit, the style of Gabri’s clothing seemed a bit eccentric by the standard of the Roland continent. Unlike the usual dresses of the noble class, the suit was sewn with a lot of pockets that made it look weird in comparison… All it took was a glance for Du Wei to recognize the style because it was something he mentioned to his brother in their private meetings at night.

Only in Du Wei’s past life would there be such clothing’s with so many pockets. It is clear to him that this kid was inspired by his ideas and actually ordered some servants to produce such a weird thing….. To be honest, this suit had the same clothing style as those “movie directors” in his past life.

Gabri looked just as handsome as Du Wei and inherited all the good points of their parents. However, the eight year old Gabri looked a little more robust than he did. Now that the kid is practicing martial skills at such an early age, it is more than likely the Rowling household would produce another outstanding military commander.

As Gabri looked at his older brother, the innocent smile on his childish face immediately caused Du Wei’s heart to overflow with warmth.

After all, this kid did cause him to spend two years in a row climbing windows at night!

“Brother! You are finally back! I knew you would eventually return.” Gabri cheered. When the kid walked came up to Du Wei, he immediately embraced him with all his might. Inwardly, Du Wei felt really touched…. After returning to the capital, he was disappointed by the act his father put on for him. Now that he has seen his little brother again, this feeling he is getting should be real and sincere, right?

Du Wei smiled as he patted Gabri on the head, but then he started to frown as he looked down at his clothing: “So you actually made such a suit… … My God, why is your body full of dirt! I heard you went to Scholar Blue Ocean’s place, did you go play in the dirt halfway there?”

Gabri laughed: “My brother, this suit I made is pretty good, right? What said is true, this really is convenient! My book, snacks, coins, and some small things can all be put in the Pocket… … Ah yes, there is also the dagger Captain Alpha gave me, I can put them all in there!”

Finishing his words, Gabri suddenly turned around and shouted loudly: “EH? Why aren’t you coming in?”

Du Wei was surprised!

There are still people out there?

Subsequently, someone slowly walked out from the darkest corner of the corridor. This man really caused Du Wei to be taken aback!

Du Wei was born with far better spiritual senses than the average person. And after practicing magic for such a long time, whether it is his hearing or sight, it has reached an alarming level! Yet, he could only hear the footsteps of his little brother when he approached!

So where did this second person come from?

Du Wei carefully assessed the eyes of this person and quickly became alert!

This person is not so simple!

Perhaps no more than 20 years of age, this person was wearing the servant uniform of the Rowling household. Yet, despite his unexciting attitude, Du Wei could clearly feel the icy cold personality extruding from his eyes!

Not only that, this person was also really strange….. The posture of his body has been just like that of cheetahs, and those eyes…. They were cold as if they were filled with fear of accidentally stepping on an Ant!

Du Wei didn’t know who this guy is, but the first impression he got from this person is that he is a true martial arts master!

Moreover, this person… … Probably seen blood! The indifference in his eyes is the kind that ignores life when they are taken! Such qualities cannot be imitated and can only be achieved by personally experiencing it.

More importantly, this person is likely well experienced in life….. While in the hallway – likely out of instinct – he identified the spot that would draw the least amount of attention and stood in the darkest corner he could find….. Even though he was just standing there, Du Wei couldn’t figure out what bizarre methods he used to avoid his own detection!

“Brother.” Gabri smiled fondly as he watched the weird expression on Du Wei’s face: “This person is my personal servant given to me by father…. Aigh, he is just like this, cold like a wood. I do not like him, but father gave strict orders that I must bring him along to any place I go,…. Today is the first day he is with me…. Aigh, I tried many ideas, but he refuses to even smile.”

Oh, really?

Du Wei could not help but sigh inside: this guy is obviously a personal bodyguard. On top of that, this guy’s ability is not weak!

Du Wei changed his examining eyes and casually asked: “Oh, what’s your name?”

Acting like he didn’t hear Du Wei’s question, he just stood there.

Gabri was not happy as he stared at his personal bodyguard: “Hey, my brother is asking you something! Look, this is my brother! His words are my words! You understand!”

This silent and mysterious master glanced at Gabri, his eyes didn’t show any hint displeasure as if he didn’t care one way or the other.

Finally, he nodded slightly and turned to face Du Wei. In a low and husky voice, the guy answered:

“My name is Slayer.”

A reunion of two brothers should be a pleasant occasion, especially for Gabri.

This eight year old kid has always been hailed as a genius… … And he is indeed very clever. But Gabri understood a secret from an early age: this brother of his – disliked by his father and looked down by everyone – is actually a far more intelligent person than he is by 10 times!

For a period of two years, this older brother of his would sneak into his room every day at midnight to play interesting games with him. Of course, Gabri knew now they weren’t games, but actually uniquely devised teaching methods. If not for the knowledge he gained from his older brother, the title of a genius would never have been awarded to him.

So all along, Gabri had wondered why his older brother would allow others to misunderstand him so despite being a true genius….

After Du Wei left the Imperial capital, Gabri became puzzled at his own mother’s saddening tears and the indifferent attitude of his father. But Gabri always believed one thing: This wise older brother of his would sooner or later return to the capital! Because his brother is a person that stands above the ordinary! Though everyone is misunderstanding him, but eventually the truth will be revealed!

Du Wei was very pleased at the sincerity shown by Gabri…. Inwardly, Du Wei was fully aware of the infighting between siblings for succession among noble houses. Fortunately, this younger brother of his didn’t show any form of gap between their relationships.

“You didn’t answer my question yet… … Didn’t you go to Scholar Blue Ocean’s place? And what’s with the soil?” Du Wei pointing at the clothing and laughed.

“Ah… … These stains are from the task teacher gave me.” Gabri face showed a hint of helplessness.

After all, children of the nobility have already been taught to pay attention to their appearances from childhood. Now that he is so dirty, he would of course be somewhat unhappy.

Subsequently, Gabri explained what happened before and piqued the interest of Du Wei.

As the capital’s foremost scholar, this Mr. Blue Ocean’s educational method caused him to feel quite a bit of admiration. Unlike those traditional teachers that forces the student to memorize the content of a book, this guy intentionally changed some of the content inside to mislead his student. Then he handed it to Gabri and asked him to go into the yard to observe the plants and creatures there.

Through actual observation, it would allow Gabri to find the intentional errors he made in the book…. Such practices are far more impressive than reading a book!

As for the soil on Gabri’s clothing, it is believed to be from digging earthworms in the yard.

It is no wonder this Mr. Blue Ocean is considered the greatest scholar in the capital! Such teaching method is a step above the norm.

Du Wei smiles as he looked at the complaining Gabri: “Gabri, listen to me. Your teacher is right. While I cannot explain in detail, but trust me! You must respect your teacher… … You will be able to learn many things in the future under his tutorage!”

“I still think……” Gabri hesitated, then he sincerely smiled: “Brother, I think if you taught me, it would be even better than this person! Brother will not lose out to any scholar!”

Du Wei laughed, easily diverging from the issue. Thinking for a moment, Du Wei headed over to the cabinet and took out something. Then handing it into Gabri’s hand, Du Wei smiled: “While I was at the old home, I didn’t make anything good, but I believe this gift will interest you.”

This is a singular tube shape telescope, created by Du Wei while he was bored. Though the technology is a bit rough, but the basic functionality is still very good. On the Roland continent, the use for such a thing is still not obvious because a low leveled Mage is perfectly capable of using a far seeing spell called the “Eagles eye”.

However, it is still very good as children’s toys.

The smart little Gabri only needed to fiddle around a bit to figure out the use for such a contraption. In an excited manner, the kid rushed to open the window flap and peered out with the telescope. Amazed by what he saw, Gabri started laughing loudly: “Awesome! Brother, I’m afraid this thing is even more useful than the Eagles eye spell from the Mages! Are you really giving this to me?”

Du Wei smiled: “Of course.”

“I knew it; my brother is a very smart person!” Gabri happily stuffed the telescope into his pocket, but then, his expression started to look very dim: “Unfortunately, tomorrow I have to go to teacher’s place… … Aigh, I will have to stay at teachers place till after the summer festival.”

It was at this moment, the martial master called “Slayer” suddenly spoke up from outside the hallway: “Young master Gabri, we have a change of plan. The Earl said that after you return, you are to immediately go meet him.”

“I know!” Gabri looked impatient: “You can go back first, I want to spend some more time with my brother.”

“I can’t.” Slayer simply refused: “The Earl said I must go wherever you go. No matter the circumstance, you cannot be out of my sight.”

Though his face remained calm, but Du Wei’s mind started to work overtime: why is he protecting Gabri so tightly? Why is that?

On second thought, Du Wei spoke up: “It’s fine Gabri, you go back first… … I think you better not break father’s order. Anyways, I have returned, there’s no need to worry about not seeing me again.”

With that, Du Wei gently pulled his little brother next to his side. Then in a very serious voice, he said: “Always remember my words!”

“What?”

“This Slayer… … You have to be polite to him, and what he said is correct. You must never leave his sight, you understand?!”

While facing Du Wei, Gabri seemed to be very obedient. Without hesitation, he immediately nodded: “Okay, I trust you!”

With that, Gabri turned to face Slayer, but this time, his attitude was much kinder: “Mr. Slayer, let us go back.”

Before this Slayer fella left, he slightly glanced at Du Wei with eyes of surprise because he never expected that someone like Du Wei could possibly convince this kid to be so obedient.

Once the door was closed, Du Wei rubbed his temple and said to himself, “I’m afraid the situation of the capital really isn’t very good… … Otherwise, why would father bother sending a master to be his little brother’s bodyguard?”





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 130




Chapter 130 “old Monster’s new invention”

Early the next morning, Gargamel dragged his exhausted body before Du Wei and presented him with a clumsily crafted ring… … Well, you could call it a ring of some sort.

It’s not that Du Wei doesn’t appreciate what the mouse did, but the craftsmanship is just so bad. No matter how he looked at the ring, it is nothing but a metal rod looped into a circle shape.

“This thing is the ring you made?” Du Wei looked at the thing with a wry smile… … Instead of a ring, it’s better to call it a finger thimble used by tailors to push needles… … Du Wei literally cried out in astonishment: “Dear Gargamel, fortunately you’re not a jewelry businessman, or else you will definitely face bankruptcy.”

Gargamel felt somewhat dissatisfied as he coldly retorted: “Cut the crap! It took a lot of effort to craft this! In this ring, I added a bit of Mithril to make it stronger. But since it is a secret weapon, I covered it with a layer of ordinary iron to hide this fact. Anyways, it’s a weapon and not a real ornament, so why bother making it so beautiful? If your foe pays attention to this thing during battle, the first idea they would have is to cut it off your finger! Get it?”

Du Wei nodded in agreement: “I was only kidding.”

But when Du Wei checked his inventory next, he froze!

For this little ring, the mouse actually used up a large portion of his precious Mithril! Not only is it hard to come by, it is extremely expensive!

“It is very much worth it.” Gargamel spoke in a serious manner: “Metal usually has a excluding effect on magic, but Mithril doesn’t. This means that you will be able to hide this thing from your opponent in battle. All the while, Mithril can also increase your absorption rate, understand?”

“All right.” Du Wei sighed, but he is already thinking how he could get his hands on more of this good stuff!

Magic union?

Du Wei pondered for a moment before deciding to make a trip back to the union’s headquarter. After all, there is still that old Alley waiting for him from yesterday!

Packing his things away, Du Wei puts on his newly forged ring and thought: The design of this ring really is subtle… Even the grain sized gemstone is sandwiched between two layers of metal; thus, making it invisible to the naked eye!

Coming out of his room, he had some of the servants ready a coach for him so that he can ride to the magic union. But out of his expectation, Captain Alpha still tagged along with him. Unable to do anything about it, Du Wei decided to let it be and not say anything.

Upon arriving at the magic union, there was already one of Alley’s disciples waiting for him at the entrance. Probably the doing of the old monster, this person had a sympathetic expression on his face as he came up to Du Wei…. “Aigh, poor guy, it seems like you don’t recognize teacher’s true face yet!” This was probably what the guy was thinking.

Despite being looked at with a sympathetic gaze, Du Wei still didn’t feel any change in his emotions.

Struck with a thought, he gingerly asked: “Oh yes, yesterday, master Alley gifted me with that stone. Do you know what it is used for?”

The guy stumbled on his question. Letting out a sigh, the guy looked at Du Wei with frustration: “I’m not too sure either, but teacher said it is a magic crystal with high energy storage capacity. Compared to an ordinary magic crystal, it is at least 10 times better! Aigh, we already asked teacher several times before, but he always denied us….. Now, consider it your fortune to get your hands on it.”

Hmm, Du Wei nodded. It seems that this guy does not know the real use of this five colored gemstone either.

Du Wei felt relieved.

Entering the building with his guide, Du Wei didn’t dare to provoke those two mage enforcement monsters again. As such, the trip this time around went much smoother than his previous and it wasn’t until he came into the inner tower that his guide decided to part ways. Standing there, the person said: “Well then, you can continue on inside by yourself. As long as you position the crystal dial to the number ‘nine’, you will be able to get into teacher’s place….. I must remind you though, don’t try to dial any other number! Each layer here lives a grand magician, without the owner’s permission, you won’t be able to enter the floor even if you dial the other numbers!”

Du Wei nodded and memorized the info. As he was doing this, the other guy ran away as if he was afraid to meet his own teacher.

Du Wei went into the Tower alone and came up to the ninth floor.

The moment he came out of the magic transfer circle, the scene in front of him immediately shocked him!

Such a big place!

The room is the size of a basketball court, but it was filled to the brim with piles of various materials!

Even for someone as knowledgeable as Du Wei, he is completely stunned by the multitude of stuff in front of him! Ranging from the bones of magical beasts to magic cores, there were even precious magical plants in……. No matter how he thought about it, all these amazing things were piled up like garbage everywhere!

“Hmm… … This is the roots of an ‘Abakalie Cannibal vine’. EH, didn’t rumor say this stuff is already nearing extinction? Ah, this is Noyigaloe grass! Oh god, this is a top grade material capable of refining gold!” The more he looked, the more surprised Du Wei became!

His title of being an old monster of the magic union is not for show! To be collecting so many good things!

Continuing to walk inside, Du Wei came out of the crowded room and into a narrow channel. Not only could he hear a thumping sound further inside, smoke started to waft out towards him….

Du Wei knitted his brow as he went inside.

What he saw next was an image like that of a typical magic laboratory. However, the metal platform in the middle of the room nearly caused him to faint when he glanced over at it!

Holy mackerel, this metal platform is definitely infused with a lot of Mithril! No need to do any tests to verify, just the glossy luster of the outside is enough to confirm his guess!

For the sole reason of avoiding magic exclusion by metal, this old guy actually wasted such valuable Mithrils for his magic experiments!

Currently, Alley is busily working away at his experiment on top of the metal platform. From appearances, his white robe is already stained with blotches of black ash and his whole body was currently playing with a weird instrument.

From a quick observation, Du Wei can tell the instrument is something used for refining magic ingredients because further below, he can see a transparent container filled with some kind of gooey substance boiling away from a green colored flame under it. Despite being tightly sealed, the container actually had a tube inserted on top to allow the smoke produced inside to escape.

But what really surprised Du Wei is the way Alley filtered the impurities out of the smoke! By using the stomach skin of a “crystal lynx”, Alley was able to filter out the impurities out of the rising smoke. The idea may be ingenious, but the Crystal Lynx is an animal that spends most of their time underground, thus, making it extremely rare and hard to hunt.

With nervous looking eyes, the old geezer stared at the smoke running through the tubes leading into another container. As the green smoke subtlety pass through the layers of filter, it would gradually condense into grain sized particles at the second container!

Despite watching from the side for a while, Old Alley remained oblivious to his presence. After seeing the forming of the crystal particles, Alley started to mumble to himself: “No, no… … It would still condense… … It won’t do… … It won’t do……”

Du Wei couldn’t take it anymore and decided to say something: “Could it be that you want to avoid having the smoke impurities condense in crystals?”

“Nonsense!” Old Alley didn’t turn back to face him as he answered back: “If it crystallizes, that means the smoke has too much impurity! Unfortunately…… A ‘crystal Lynx’s’ stomach skin is still not good enough for a filter… … I need something even better for filters! I need the smoke to be even purer so that it will become a liquid and not form into crystals! God damn it! ”

“Liquid? Why not try ‘Ke flowers’, it is the best for dissolving substances and may be able to bring the crystals into a liquid state.”

“No!” Old Alley shook his head: “If I try to dissolve these crystals again once it solidifies, its properties will change and lose its use. Ah… … How can I make the smoke directly form from smoke to liquid?”

After a pause, Old Alley finally regained his thoughts. Turning around to see Du Wei, the old geezer beats his palm against his forehead: “Oh! Boy, you are here! Hmm, what you said about using ‘Ke flowers’ is not a bad idea. At least more useful than those stupid apprentices of mine! Hmm, not bad, not bad! It’s a pity none of my apprentices are interested in magic pharmacy, so none of them can be my assistant.”

Du Wei stared at the greenish colored substance inside the crystal bottle: “What are you doing?”

Old Alley revealed a mysterious, yet smug smile on his face: “Something absolutely good! That’s if I can make it work….. Humph!”

Acting like he hardly ever see another Mage interested in magic pharmacy, the old geezer pulled out a scroll with a joyous expression and handed it to Du Wei: “Look!”

Du Wei glanced over the content and was amazed!

This is clearly a formula, but… … Isn’t it too complicated?

Listed on the scroll are nearly all magic plants! But as he took a closer look, he noticed several of the items are either extinct or extremely hard to locate!

“What is this formula?” Du Wei frowned: “It’s too complex. With more than 30 kinds of magical plants, you also need to consider if they will be in conflict if mixed together.”

“Humph! This is my genius invention!” Old Alley opened his mouth and started to laugh a few times: “Let me tell you, I’m trying to refine all of this stuff into a liquid state. I intend to call it the ‘blood of Alley’! Ha-ha, nice name, right?!”

Du Wei threw up his tongue… … Such a strange old geezer to use his own name.

“What use does this liquid have?”

“I intend to use it to replace Mithril!” This one sentence from Alley is enough to stun Du Wei!

Replace Mithril?!

“Ha-ha! You should know, almost all metals are exclusive against magic! So, it is very difficult to infuse magic into a weapon. As such, the only option is to use Mithril, but the ore is simply too rare to be used in mass production.” Alley smiled. “But if this liquid experiment of mine succeeds, then from now on, any weapon can be infused with magic….. HA HA!”

Any weapon can be infused with magic?

Wouldn’t that mean a magic weapon would become the norm in the future?

Du Wei was stunned by this amazing idea!

Right now on the continent, any magic weapon found is currently considered to be a rare treasure! If it can be mainstreamed…. Then……

But very soon, he glanced at the formula in his hand and sighed: “But I have a question.”

“What? Boy, what question do you have?” Old Alley spoke in an impatient tone.

“This… … This formula contains a lot of magical plants, many either extinct or extremely rare to find! If it requires such ingredients, wouldn’t it be less expensive if one just uses some Mithril?”

“Uh… …” Realizing the issue, Old Alley went into a dull like state with his jaw stuck open.

Taking the chance while the old geezer is occupied, Du Wei focused his mind and quickly memorized every ingredient on the scroll.

Rare magical plants?

As long as I have the water from “As time goes by”, I can get them easily!





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 131




Chapter 131 “Son’s debut”

While Alley remained preoccupied from his daze, Du Wei took the chance to memorize the list in his mind. After a short time frame, he saw that the old geezer was coming back to himself, so he quietly put the scroll down on top of the metal rig as if nothing had happened.

This time around, Alley had a very ugly expression on his face. With droopy eyes, the once prideful expression of the old man was nowhere to be seen. Then suddenly moving his lips, Alley started whispering to himself: “Can it…. Can it be that I’ve been wasting my time all these years? Ah… … It is! It is! I always proclaimed myself wise and stood above the rest in this field…. Alas, I’ve been overconfident in my thinking. It’s no wonder everyone looks down on my inventions, even my disciples aren’t optimistic about me. Hmm… … Widespread, common use! If the things I invent are higher in cost than the original, then what is the point?! It’s just a waste of time!”

With that, a flicker of despair crossed his eyes. Immediately, the old geezer waved his sleeves and shot forth a flaming ball of green at the scroll sitting on top of the metal rig. Oddly though, despite the scroll burning to a crisp from the flames, not a single char mark could be found on the metal platform.

Seeing how adrift the old geezer was from his words. Du Wei felt a bit guilty. What he said isn’t wrong because unless that person had the waters from “As time goes by”, the cost of these ingredients is indeed much higher than the original!

The only problem is that he cannot tell anyone about this secret.

“Master Alley.” Du Wei hesitated for a second before speaking slowly: “I don’t think you should be so disappointed. In fact, you are the best magic inventor I’ve ever met! That flying broom and Blood of Alley are things I’ve never even heard of prior to this. Simply the creativity behind your ideas is unprecedented.”

“So what! Humph! Though I managed to create these things, but they don’t have any actual value! The cost of making this Alley Blood is probably more than double that of Mithril! Such costs are a total joke.”

“You can’t say it like that.” Du Wei shook his head: “At least when you have a new idea, you used concrete actions to prove it is feasible! Prior to this, no one ever thought of finding a substitute for Mithril, but you found it! Even if the end result isn’t very successful, at least your result will inspire others to look for other possibilities! I can guarantee that your effort now will pave the road for others in the future! It may not be now, but maybe long after we’re gone; someone will tinker with your recipe and significantly improve your product! Just the fact that you succeeded in creating something capable of replacing Mithril is a great deed!”

Feeling much better from his words, Old Alley scanned Du Wei’s body from top to bottom. The more Alley looked at the boy in front of him, the more pleasing Du Wei was to the eyes. Letting out a sigh, Alley complained: “Oh! Such a shame! You are the most gifted kid I ever met in life. Compared to my idiot apprentices, none of them can compare to you. If I had met you earlier, I would have definitely found a way to make you my apprentice. I can’t say I achieved anything great in my life, but I do have these magic tools I made. Once I’m dead, I fear that there wouldn’t be anyone around to inherit them. Aigh, such a shame you are already a disciple of Master Gandalf. Now I can’t even teach you any of this.”

Du Wei rolled his eyes as he smiled: “Why can’t you teach me? Do you have to be my teacher to teach me these things? Is the relationship between master and student so important?”

Common practice on the Roland continent is that any knowledge in magic must be passed on from master to student only. After thousands of years, this practice nearly became an iron clad rule among Mages. But who is the Old Geezer? He is an estranged old man that likes to break away from the norm. After listening to Du Wei’s word, the old geezer started to think the idea was feasible.

“Hmm! I won’t teach him any magic spells and will only teach him about my tools. If I do this, then I wouldn’t be breaking the rules…. Also, the matter with the president and the royal family is about to come to an end in a few days. Once the results come out, who would care about the student and master rule anymore?”

Thinking of this, Alley racked his brains out and decided: “Okay! Starting today, as long as you’re willing to learn, you can come here every day and I’ll teach you!”

With his spirit uplifted again, Alley spent some more time chatting away with Du Wei. Among the Mages on the continent, this old geezer can be considered the number one expert among the arts of magic tool creation.

And as fate would have it, Du Wei is also a freak. Knowledgeable in all sorts of topic, the more they chatted, the better along they got.

Eventually, Du Wei finally brought up the reason for his visit today. Once the topic of the flying broom is brought up, Alley showed a reddish looking face like he was embarrassed. After muttering to himself for a bit, the old geezer sighed and finally told the truth.

Originally, the flying broom is another failed product like the Alley blood. Though it is flashy and innovative, but the cost of producing one broom is three to four times that of a regular wind spell!

Under normal circumstances, the magic crystal used in Du Wei’s flying cloak is around 20,000 gold coins. On the other hand, in order to produce a single flying broom, it would cost more than 80,000 gold coins!

“For that flying broom, the key actually lies in the material used for the manufacturing process. Although it does not rely on a crystal to function… … But……”

Alley brought out the broom again and explained the details on top of the metal platform. Du Wei is a smart man, so after a quick rundown, he immediately understood.

A common broom is normally made with dry twigs from a tree, this broom is no exception. However, in order to achieve the idea of not using any magic crystal, these “branches” are special!

“Magic crystals are considered crucial in planning a magic layout because most people simply cannot find a better replacement for it. However, after decades of research, I found that wood not only isn’t exclusive against magic, but it is also capable of storing energy like magic crystals. The only problem is that wood is a far worse in comparison to crystals in terms of capacity. So, I thought, can it be possible to replace crystals with wood…..”

Du Wei was struck with a thought. This idea of Alley’s was so similar to that big headed genius back at the wand shop…..

Sure enough, Old Alley continued: “I studied magic crystals for decades and spent countless efforts factoring out the components inside a Crystal. It is then I came to a conclusion: Crystals are able to store magic because there is a special component inside, which I call ‘magic essence’. After breaking and dissolving a crystal several times, I finally manage to see the matter by using a special contraption I created. This invention of mine is capable of magnifying an object by a thousand times!”

With that, Alley pulled a metal instrument out from under the metal platform. From appearances, this thing is no more than half a meter in height, but it was enough to stun Du Wei…… Looking past the clumsily made design of the thing, Du Wei can tell this invention is no different than the microscope from his previous life!

“Once I figured out that it is because of this ‘magic essence’ that a crystal can store magic, it got me thinking. Can other substances contain this matter also?” Alley smiled: “I’ve tried a lot of things in my tests, but I did exclude any material similar to crystals because they would have no research value. You can’t even begin to image the kind of things I tested. From plants to ordinary ores, I even examined the bones from magical beasts. Finally, I figured that plants are the best choice. You know, the best wood for crafting tools is the walnut tree, and it has to be more than 50 years old.”

Alley laughed a bit and continued: “Later on, I found out wood also carries this ‘magic essence’ inside their makeup. The only problem is that wood carries only 1/10 of the magic essence found in a crystal. Without any other choice left, I could only take wood as my primary testing subject…..”

What Alley said next is a real eye opener for Du Wei. Using a variety of methods to cultivate the seeds of a Walnut tree, this old geezer finally managed to cultivate a variety of strange plants from the original seeds. In the end, Alley created a walnut tree capable of producing small amounts of mineral like substances in its body, this is the so called ‘magic essence’.

“I put a lot of thought into this, but these specially cultivated seedlings are very difficult to keep alive! After spending a few years tending to them, only a few managed to survive….. Aigh, originally, a walnut tree needs to age up to 50 years to be proper, but how could I wait 50 years for it to grow? As for those remaining seedlings, I fear they wouldn’t even last a year before withering away. Also, these new seedlings I produced have some fatal weaknesses. Not only is their rate of reusability very low, they are also extremely unstable! In order to put it to the test, I had some of my disciples fly into the air with my broom. I’m sure you’ve heard about it by now, each and every test nearly cost my apprentices their lives from the falls they endured!”

“Almost died from falling?” Du Wei popped his eyes out in surprise: “But all of your apprentices are at least mid-leveled magicians! Even if the broom fails, can’t they just use some wind based flying spell to cushion their fall?”

“Humph!” Alley focused his eyes: “All of those guys thought I was senile! Whenever I ask them to help test my inventions, they would make excuses left and right! The first guy I forced to help me thought I wouldn’t notice and clipped the broom under his crotch. Then using a flying spell, he flew into the air and acted like my invention actually worked! Humph, he thought I wouldn’t notice eh? Before he could come back down, I sealed away his magic while he was in midflight, causing him to come tumbling down from the sky!”

Du Wei’s forehead went numb!

On a second thought, Du Wei asked: “You still have those seedlings you cultivated? Can you give me one?”

Alley waved his hand: “Help yourself! My soul is already cold now… … Aigh, if not for your reminder, I would still be dwelling on it.”

With that said, Alley turned around and went into the storage room in the back. After a minute of rummaging through all the things, Alley pulled out several pots of metallic looking seedlings. However, unlike what Alley said earlier, these little plants looked so withered that it was unlikely they would live past three months!

“There is also this, which is the production blueprint for the flying broomstick.” Alley handed over a roll of parchment paper: “On it is a specially designed wind based magic circle I created. It’s nothing hard to do, just the materials needed to produce such a broom is far too precious.”

One by one, Du Wei carefully puts them all away – this includes the several pots of seedling – into his magic storage bag.

Old Alley frowned when he saw the magic bag: “That is your magic storage bag? From the looks of it, doesn’t it seem a bit too old?”

But after saying this, the old geezer started to smile, “Hmm, this bag is something Master Gandalf left for you, right? It’s no wonder then, Master Gandalf specializes only in magic cultivation. As such, it’s not surprising that his magic tools are a bit lacking. Let me give you something nice.”

With that, he turned towards a row of shelves against the wall and removed a wooden box. Opening it, what was revealed is a neatly organized set of decorations ranging from: necklaces, rings, bracelets, and more.

“Everything here is all dimensional storage tools. I only made them during my times of boredom, so you can have them all!”

Du Wei is overjoyed! He’d always felt like he lacked a good storage tool. Not only is this bag of his ugly, it is very inconvenient. After all, who would like to be carrying around a bag on their waist everywhere they went?

Without holding back, Du Wei revealed his inner greed and pulled the box into his pocket.

Under normal circumstances, Alley would never have been so generous. But because of the emotional ride he experienced today, his image of Du Wei was skyrocketing. Letting out a sigh, Alley said: “I’m already more than 150 years old, I don’t know how many more years I have left to live. It’s unlikely I will have the chance to improve on the inventions I made, so if you have time, come and find me so that I can pass them on to you…”

Turning into a serious face, Du Wei took a deep breath and whispered, “Master Alley… … I will definitely make your inventions flourish!”



；



Since his mood of testing the broom is gone, Du Wei decided to take this opportunity to learn about magic theories from Alley. For someone like Alley whom had spent their entire lifetime delving in magic, Du Wei cannot even come close to this old geezer’s level of knowledge.

Just like Du Wei, Old Alley’s interest was also piqued. Moving a bunch of treasures from the warehouse in the back, Alley carefully explained the uses of each instrument and their properties….. But that’s not all, the best part of this was that after every lesson, Alley would gift Du Wei a copy of the treasure!

In less than half a day, Du Wei’s magic bag was nearly filled to the brim with magic tools! If not for the fact that some of the items inside cannot be seen by the public, Du Wei would have on the spot poured them out for organizing.

Immersing themselves in their chit chat, the two of them ended up missing lunch all together as the time reached afternoon. It is at this time that Alley sighed and glanced out towards the window: “The time is getting late; we should call it a day. I still have business I need to attend to with another old monsters a few floors below us.”

Right now, Du Wei was already full of respect towards this old geezer. No matter how he looked at this person, this old geezer is an absolute genius! If he continues to come here every day, Du Wei is certain he will gain even more benefits and knowledge….. No need to say anything else, just the magic tools here is a real eye opener!

Du Wei was just about to leave when Old Alley asked him something: “….. I hear the president intends to test you on your magic level after the summer festival, right?”

“Yes.” Du Wei nodded.

“Hmm……” Alley rubbed his nose and nodded: “Yes, that’s right, you cannot shame master Gandalf. No matter what, just wearing a magic scholar’s robe is not enough…. I ask you, how prepared are you for the magic assessment? What magic department did you major in?”

Major in? Which Department?

Du Wei was stunned.

Seeing the difficult expression on Du Wei, Alley frowned: “When you helped me do some of the test this afternoon, I saw that your magic level is only around the fifth rank or so. Taking into account of your age, this level is already considered quite rare among geniuses. Unfortunately, the assessment not only tests the level of magic, so what department do you specialize in?”

Du Wei is in a bind right now

From the looks of it, his level of magic is not bad, but his reservoir of spells is simply lacking. Although he knew some very high level spells, but at the moment, most of them cannot be used by him.

Recalling his actions up till now, it would seem the most often used spell he cast was the fireball spell he learned from Solskjaer. Other than that, the only other spell he normally used was the low leveled wind based spell……

Let’s not mention any high leveled magic, even an intermediate spell could not be found!

As for the Star magic… … That thing cannot be shown to the public, besides, he haven’t learned it yet.

Thinking up to here, Du Wei smiled bitterly: “I think I only have a few low ranked fire and wind based spells, so I can’t say I specialize in any department yet. Oh yes, I also know a bit of high leveled transformation spell, does that count?”

“What?” Alley widened his eyes in disbelief: “You said you… … Only learned this tad bit of magic?”

Du Wei laughed bitterly: “The time I spent with teacher is just too short, so he wasn’t able to teach me much.”

“It seems that your situation is more complicated than I thought.” Alley mused for a while: “Boy, I want to remind you of one thing. You must first define your ambition because even if you are clever, you cannot be proficient in all elements! Magic is more profound than you can possibly imagine! To be able to become an ordinary mage, that person is definitely not stupid! You may be smart, but should at least understand the meaning of biting off more than you could chew. You should pick a major and focus your development in that direction, only then will you achieve anything in this life…. Alas, it is a shame I cannot take you as my student.”

Finishing his words, Alley pulled out a small red crystallized pendant from his neck.

“This is the key to this place. Once you have it, you can freely walk in and out of my lab without any interference from the security. From now on, you are free to use my lab and anything in it.”

After Du Wei gratefully received the pendant, Alley waved his hand: “Go now.”

Once Du Wei is out of the room, Alley waved his hand and shot forth a chilling breath of air to extinguish the burning flame on top of the metal platform. Frowning, he started muttering to himself in wonder: “Strange… … This guy’s magic talent is not bad, but he is lacking too much in terms of spell count. Dorgan is a smart person, so why wouldn’t he pre assess the kid first before deciding so hastily? If the kid does fail the assessment, wouldn’t that mean Gandalf would lose some face? God, I don’t know what the president is thinking.”

As Du Wei headed out of the Tower, his heart was still feeling excited. Once upon a time, he really thought he knew a lot about magic. Yet, after spending a day talking with the old geezer, he learned so many new things that he never thought possible.

It seems that in the future, he really has to steel his resolve and spend some more time doing a lot of research.

Just when he was thinking this, a murmuring sound echoed from behind his back. After a flash of light coming off from the magic transfer array, a person came waltzing out.

Stunned by what he saw, Du Wei stood there in silence.

The person in question looked no more than 20 years old, but his outfit seemed strangely out of place because it wasn’t the silver robe of a magic apprentice. Instead, this guy donned an exquisite looking suit normally only worn by the nobility of the capital. With luxurious looking linings, even the sleeves were sewn with golden colored laces. After a moment of thought, Du Wei can tell this style of outfit is in fact the most popular set among the wealthy class this year.

Slowly walking over, Du Wei began to make out the exact features of this handsome looking man. With a slim facial contour and a high nose, this guy looking bewitchingly handsome when matched with his blonde hair. No matter how Du Wei looked, this person is simply too handsome when he made eye contact with those sapphire blue eyes.

Just like Du Wei, this person quickly took notice of him and started to smile. Unlike the regular greeting smile one would expect, this person’s smile looked so warm like it could melt the very snow off the winter grounds.

“Ah, the Mage in front, please hold! From your appearance, I’m guessing you must be the recently rumored magic scholar Du Wei!” As he said this, a hard to refuse aura extruded from the young man’s eyes: “Let me introduce myself, my name is Son Augustine. Nice to meet you.”

With that, the young man nodded with so much grace that even Du Wei could not find a single fault in his standard of etiquette.

Hold on… … Augustine?

Du Wei hesitated in thought as he looked at the young noble in front of him: “You… … Are royalty?”

The young man named Son Augustine smiled: “Yes, the current emperor is my father.”

Prince?

A Prince…. Why would someone like him appear inside the magic union?





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 132




Chapter 132 “The Prince’s striking request!”

Due to his nomadic lifestyle in the past few years, Du Wei barely had any encounters with the children’s of the other noble houses. For this reason, he did not even have a single close friend around his age, which is very strange because every child like him would have at least one close friend they can confide in.

Ignoring the lack of association with the nobility of the capital, isn’t the prince in front of Du Wei a bit too young considering the age of the current emperor?

At 75 years of age, the reign of the current emperor can even be considered glorious by current standards. In the past decades, the empire had more than once set out on expeditions throughout the maritime sea. Though at first the conquest against the nomadic tribes hailed large amounts of riches, but as time went by, the amount of loot started to thin and the army expenses far exceeded the profits.

Standing in front of Du Wei right now is in fact the younger of the two princes of the empire. Other than the Prince Son in front of him, the emperor also had another older son. At age 52, this older prince was originally designated as the Crown Prince because he was the eldest amongst all of the emperor’s children. However, after giving birth to nine daughters in a row without any other male heir, the current emperor actually sent some of his concubines to death. It was only at age 50 did the emperor finally conceives another male prince, thus, creating an odd age gap among the two princes.

Unlike the rest of the royal household, this Prince Son refused to learn the unique Dou Qi martial skill of the Augustine Royal Household; instead, this youngster is more interested in magic than anything else. As the beloved son of the emperor, he was given complete freedom in his choice and even had a Grand court Mage act as his teacher!

From rumors, it was even said that the old emperor had the intent of changing the Crown prince title to Son a couple of years ago on his 70th birthday. Of course, this proposition was quickly knocked down by the opposition of the ministers…..

Without knowing any of this information, Du Wei remained blind to the origin of this young prince. Luckily, Du Wei is a person of fast response. After listening to the introduction of the person in front of him, Du Wei immediately bowed slightly and performed a standard nobility style salute. However, this prince did something out of his expectation. With a slight smile, this person reached out a hand and caught him before he could make a complete bow: “You don’t need to be so courteous, Sir Du Wei….. Don’t forget, you are a magic scholar. Mages don’t need to salute a noble, this includes the royalty.”

To be able to see a prince inside the magic union has caused some doubt inside Du Wei. Within the empire, the three main forces of power is the Royal Household, Temple, and the Magic Union. Unless something extraordinary happens, these three forces normally wouldn’t come in contact.

Seemingly unaware of Du Wei’s doubt, this Prince Son gently smiled at him and even grasped onto his shoulder: “Sir Du Wei, I’ve been very curious about you for a while. Originally, I only heard about Gabri of the Rowling Household being a genius. Yet now people are constantly mentioning your name around me. To be able to meet you here today is my pleasure. I don’t know if you would honor me by having dinner with me?”

EH?

Du Wei carefully eyed the stranger in front of him.

“Oh, please forgive me for such a sudden invite.” Prince Son’s smile remained as gentle as before as he said this. In truth, such a manner of inviting someone face to face among the noble class is quite unheard of. Normally, it would require at least one day of notice for a simple tea party. Without losing any of his grace, the prince continued to apologize in his spring warming smile: “Since little, I only had an interest in the field of magic and you are the only mage from noble birth inside the capital.”

Such a persistent invitation from a prince is hard to refuse. Thinking it over for a moment, Du Wei smiled and said: “It’s my honor.”

Side by side, the two walked out of the Magic Union and came up to the already waiting Captain Alpha. With only one look, this Alpha character’s face turned extremely ugly, but that was only for a second before he recovered from his initial shock.

“Oh, Sir Alpha.” Prince Son seemed a bit surprised: “To be seeing you here…. Could it be that you personally escorted Du Wei when he came here? Recently, I seldom see you come out.”

After a pause, Prince Son laughed softly: “I’m going to spend some more time talking with Du Wei, so I would like to ask you to go back and tell the count.”

Unable to say anything, Alpha just nodded.

Although Du Wei didn’t have a firm grasp of the capital’s situation, but from Alpha’s expression, he can tell the captain was very afraid of this Prince next to him.

Practically without any noise, two extremely well adorned carriages slowly came up to the two. From appearances, the carriages actually had a layer of gold painted on top of the regular materials. To top it off, there are even precious jewels inserted on top of the Thorn Flower Symbol imprinted onto the door.

With a quick assessment, Du Wei noticed the horses used to draw the carriages were top breeds that won’t even lose out to the war horses of the Rowling Household. Isn’t it a bit too wasteful to have such valuable horses drawing carriages? But what really left Du Wei bewildered is the magic crystals imbedded onto the sides of the carriages. From his observation, these magic crystals are infused with some type of miniature wind spell!

The miraculous thing about this wind spell lies in the way it is designed. With it, the carriage will not only move faster, it will also feel less rough when moving.

At the same time, the design of the carriage is the most popular style in recent months. Ignoring all the valuable accessories, just the design of the carriage should be enough to overwhelm all of Du Wei’s assets!

Luxurious! Just too luxurious!

Of course, Du Wei didn’t know this. The carriages in front of him are actually personally made by some famous sculptor inside the capital. Just the commission fee is in the tens of thousands of gold coins!

Unknown to Du Wei when this happened, around four men suddenly appeared near the area around the prince. Wearing red colored robes like that of a mage, each of these individuals had the Thorn Flower symbol etched onto the back of their robe.

Court Mages?

Du Wei immediately thought of the rumored team of Mages only under the control of the royal household. From the era of Aragon, this special team of Mages only answers to the royal family and will only pass on their knowledge down their bloodline. There’s no doubt, these four men are Court Mages! With very cold eyes, their sights were randomly sweeping the area for any form of danger.

“Your highness, please enter the carriage.”

With a deep voice, these words came from the carriage driver sitting in the front. With a tall build, this guy had a pair of unwavering eyes that extruded power! As much as this person tried to hide his strong presence, Du Wei is certain this guy is not your average person from his demeanor. If he had to take a guess, this driver must be a martial art expert from the court!

Sure enough, Alpha suddenly smiled when he saw the driver’s face: “Sir Chick, when did you become a driver?”

This driver is obviously an old acquaintance of Alpha. With a cold glance at Alpha, this Chick spoke in a light tone: “I made a mistake and his highness is punishing me by making me his driver for a month. It’s been a long time Sir Alpha; thinking about it, the time since the last big tournament is already two years ago, wasn’t it?”

As the eyes of the two crossed each other, it seemed like a series of sparks flew in the air!

It would seem the two warriors hold some kind of grudge against each other.

Du Wei inwardly thought all of this.

The atmosphere right now seemed to be frozen, but Prince Son stepped in at just the right time: “Well then, the time is getting late. Sir Du Wei, please get on the carriage.”

It is then that Chick fella retracted his gaze as he lowered his head without saying another word.

Du Wei secretly frowned. With Prince Son inside the carriage, Du Wei took a look back at Captain Alpha and saw a hint of fear flashed across his eyes!

Back at the Earls mansion.

Inside Earl Raymond’s study room.

“His highness Son really appeared at the magic union? And he took Du Wei away with him?” The Earl frowned, his eyes filled with gloom.

“Yes.” Alpha nods: “I suspect this meeting is not by accident….. And I also saw that Chick fella actually acted as his highness’s horse driver.”

“Chick? Horse driver?” The count smiled: “That Court fighter that fought you to a standstill at the competition two years ago? Ha-ha…… His highness laid dormant for so many years, now he is finally showing his fangs eh?”

Alpha shook his head: “Lord Earl, I am worried about one thing… … Chick is a Warrior of the court and a part of the inner Palace! The inner court is a mysterious force of the Royal family! Now it seems Chick is actually serving Prince Son… … I’m afraid, I’m afraid his majesty is foolish enough to hand over the control of the inner court to Prince Son.,,,,,,”

“This matter is of course bad for us.” Earl Raymond sighed. For a moment, he seemed to have aged even more. With a shook of his head, he bitterly said: “Prince Son had always been wiser than the Crown Prince…… Growing up under the court Magicians, he already had a good relationship with that group. Now, he even want to pull in the magic union to his side…. If he even has the inner court under his wing, the situation with the Crown Prince is reaching a critical point….”

“I think this situation is bad for us.” Alpha shook his head: “The key is… … Prince Son took Master Du Wei away…. If his highness finds out about this, what would he think? Before Master Du Wei could even make it back to the capital, he had already tied himself up with the Magic Union…. Now he even matched up with his highness Son…. I fear this situation will become difficult for you.”

Earl Raymond stood up. Straightening his back, his stalwart figure seemed to have renewed back to the time when he was the hero leading the fleet out into battle!

“Humph! It does not matter what his highness thinks. Although he has a lot of chips under his hand right now, but there are only a few that can play a key role in the end! If not for the support of the Rowling Household, what force does he have to go against Prince Son? Now, the only ones willing to stand by his side is us, the rest is only watching from the sideline. Without us, he can’t even mobilize a single soldier!”

Alpha nodded, his face also revealed a slightly relieved face. But then, this faithful bodyguard whispered: “I’m not worried about the Crown Prince side now, but the thing that causes the most headaches is his majesties side! Recently, his majesty continued to remain quiet and continued to allow his two sons openly go at it. My lord, you need to be careful. I fear that his majesty will do something….. After all, traditionally, each generation of emperor will suppress certain ministers to pave the road for the next emperor so that he will have a smooth time.” Earl Raymond’s hand remained on the table as he listened to Alpha’s word: “So be it, this is an ancient practice. As long as we can through this hurdle, the Crown Prince will have to rely on us! Humph…. Moreover, if his majesty really wants to make an example of the Rowling Household, he will have to see if he can handle it!”

With that, Raymond suddenly beat his fist on the table. With a faint flash of golden light, the table suddenly broke into two pieces and came crashing down to the floor!

Outside the capital, two carriages were gradually moving through the paved roads.

Facing Du Wei’s wonderment, Prince Son laughed as he spoke: “What fun is left in the capital? With all those spies from different powers watching us…. What fun is there? Sir Du Wei, I’ll take you to a very interesting place. I think you will like it.”

Following the policy of saying less to avoid mistakes, Du Wei only nodded without answering.

“Oh, right.” Prince Son suddenly seemed to think of something. Seeing Du Wei, Prince Son smiled: “I hear back in your Rowling Plains, you came up with something called the Hot air Balloon, right?” With that said, the prince looked thoughtful for a moment as he started at Du Wei. With a gentle tone, he continued: “That’s a good thing! If you used it to transport troops, not only is it quiet and fast, the enemy would not even detect it till it’s too late! No matter how good the army defense is, it cannot guard against the sky!”

Du Wei’s went numb! Secretly transport troops into the capital? Such suppressing words! This Prince is punishing him with such words, why is that?

Du Wei thought for a moment and smiled: “Your highness, it’s only a small play thing. The number of hot air balloons in my hand only numbers around 10, and the production method is very troubling. It’s fine if used to transport some small things, but to transport a couple of thousand troops? That’s out of the question considering the weight of the soldier’s armor and weapons. The limit is just too high to use it for such a thing.”

“Oh……”

Prince Son seemed to have inadvertently nodded, and then turning away, he started to look out the window at the moving scenery.

The capital is located on the central plains of the continent. Now that the day is nearing the evening, the setting sun has dyed the landscape in a thick layer of red…..

Suddenly, Prince Son turned around and peered at Du Wei:

“If… … I want you to help me ship something? For example… … A person?”

Du Wei‘s heart was in overdrive from fear… …





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 135




The 135th chapter “A playboy’s debt”

“You are not only clever, but also bold. Although your business in the Rowling plains is still small in scale, but from the data I have in my hands, I keep getting the idea that your methods of doing things are beyond our times! Despite being so capable, your family continues to look down at you, why? I know you kept a low profile for the past 10 years. It is for this reason that I became even more infatuated with you! This time around when you came back to the capital, you managed to achieve the status of an invaluable Magician. As for how you managed such a thing is beyond my imagination!” Prince Son chuckles before continuing: “I’m already 24 years old. I intend to achieve great things in the coming years, but I cannot do that without an effective partner by my side! It is regrettable. From my years of observation, those descendants of once dominating families have all grown to become slouches in these times of peace, thus, leaving the capital without any talent among the noble circles. Now that I have met you, I cannot bear to lose such a talent as you!”

Du Wei faintly smiled: “But I’m only 14 years old, your Highness.”

“Wasn’t your ancestor also very young when he went to war for Augustine the first? At 18 years old, your ancestor led his first army across the lands and revived the crumbling empire during its darkest hours. For his glorious achievements, your family was rewarded with the Rowling Plains.” Prince Son faintly smiled.

Hmm, it seems this Prince wants to be the Emperor. Du Wei deliberately remained silent because such a proposal cannot be so hastily answered due to its severity. Left with no choice, the only option is to use a “stall” tactic.

Du Wei is confused at the moment. From his observation, the prince doesn’t seem to be an idiot, so why would he show all his cards when they just met?

Suddenly struck with a thought, the scene of when he came out of the magic union started to appear in his mind. From the ugly expression Alpha showed when he noticed the Prince, Du Wei finally made up his mind. Without saying anything, he only smiled in silence.

It would seem the prince wasn’t in any hurry to get a reply from Du Wei because he intentionally pulled the conversation away from the topic. As the son of the emperor, the prince obviously received a special education that allowed him to be fluent in a wide field of knowledge. As the two chatted away, the prince became even more delighted when Du Wei not only matched him in his understandings, but also brought up different thought patterns towards their talks.

It wasn’t only the prince that was surprised; Du Wei also felt the same way. No matter what they talked about, the prince’s showed no signs of arrogance in his tone and could even be compared to something similar to an old friend.

As the two indulged themselves in their talk, the people inside simply refused to leave them alone and came out to pull them back in.

What followed afterwards is the normal drunken party scene you would expect from such an event. Large amounts of wine, matched with fine beauties, the banquet somehow lasted far into the night; yet, everything comes to an end. As the guests slowly began to leave, some took to the VIP rooms with their partner for the night, while others left on their luxurious coaches parked outside.

In Du Wei’s case, he had long been invited upstairs by Sir Biliaibuer. Under the guidance of two gorgeous young waitresses, Du Wei was led into a magnificent room prepared specifically for him.

When he entered the room, he could not help but sigh. Not only was the room different, the entire thing was built in a circular shape. With a dimly lit reddish light, the exotic fragrance in the air stimulated his sense the moment he walked in.

Before he could even notice, the two maids behind him had long left him alone to deal with whatever is inside. But unknown to him, the two maids were grinning with delight as they walked away.

Taking a few steps, his attention was immediately focused on the circular bed in the middle of the room. With drapes of silk, the bed had a crystal ornament radiating light from the ceiling to create a mosaic silhouette of whoever laid on top. Without spending much effort, Du Wei can easily figure out the quadruplets were waiting for him on the bed.

Turning slightly to get a better view of the girls, he was somehow taken aback by their expressions. No longer the saintly maidens, these four girls had long discarded their innocent face and donned a lustful lover awaiting their partner.

Du Wei could only sigh because he knew his debts as a playboy won’t be ending so soon. But most importantly, he knew if he accepted this gift from the prince, he would have a difficult time trying to repay this favor in the future.

Hesitating for a moment, Du Wei freely walked over to a chair in the corner and sat down. Facing the four girls, he asked: “The four of you, what’s on your mind right now?”

The girls had been collected by Biliaibuer through various means since they were young. Not only are they beauties in their own rights, their inherent magic talent puts them above the norm. For this reason, they are extremely rare to come by, especially when they are all virgins still.

The girls knew that a day like this would come, but it cannot be helped that they would be somewhat nervous in their hearts when the day finally arrives.

Prior to Du Wei’s arrival, the girls had been discussing what would happen tonight. In their hearts, they were quite satisfied with their new master because Du Wei is not only a mage, but also a handsomely young noble. For such an outcome to befall on them, they cannot ask for more because it beats being sold to those perverted old nobles. Out of their expectation, Du Wei’s sudden question on their first meeting had left them speechless.

Since little, these girls were specially trained to identify the eyes of different kinds of men’s. Whether they are lustful, or uninterested, the girls can easily figure it out with a few looks. Yet, their new master right now seemed to have no desire to bed them, nor any hint of lust. For this reason, the girls seemed bewildered.

Could it be that the master is still too young and hasn’t blossomed yet?

This speculation was quickly shot down in their minds because the girls knew the children’s of the noble class tends to ripen at an early age. In fact, it’s quite common to hear stories of noble kids bedding multiple women’s at this age.

“Why aren’t you talking? My question should be very simple. I’m just asking what is on your mind right now.” Du Wei smiles as he spoke.

Hesitating for a moment, the second youngest of the quadruplet was the first to regain her composure. With her delicate voice, she whispers a reply: “We aren’t thinking of anything right now. You are our new master from now on, whatever your wish is our command.”

“If you say it like that, then does it mean you will do everything I say?” Du Wei questions again.

Turning red on their cheeks, the quadruplets reply at the same time: “Yes”

“Good.” Du Wei stood up and pointed at one of the girls sitting on the bed: “You, help mix a drink. I’m only thirsty, so don’t make any alcohol drink.” Then he points to the girl next to the first one: “As for you, help me prepare a set of clothes for tonight. I drank too much alcohol tonight and the smell from my robe is making me uncomfortable…..” Then he orders the last two: “And you two can go help me prepare the bath. I want to wash myself.”

With his order, the quadruplets didn’t dally around and hastily get off the bed to do as they were told. From a cabinet, the one ordered to make a drink concocted a sweet and sour beverage that is similar to a fruit juice mixed with honey. After a few minutes of savoring the drink, the second girl came over to him with a set of new robes for him.

Carrying his new set of robe, Du Wei went into the bathroom with the intent of washing himself. As he took his first step inside, he was blown away by how marvelous the tub was. Carved out of pure white jade, the middle of the tube had a giant pearl spewing hot water out of it. Just thinking about the cost is sending chills down his spine.

As he was about to shed his robe, the girls suddenly came up from behind and formed a circle around his body. With nothing on their body, their naked body was free for him to see. Maybe it was due to the hot vapor of the bathroom, but Du Wei can see how flushed their cheeks were.

Hesitating for a second, Du Wei sighed before speaking up: “I forgot to mention, I don’t like others by my side when I take a bath.”

“?” Unable to comprehend his words, the quadruplets took a second before asking: “Master, could it be you don’t want us to serve you?”

Smiling with a relaxed look, Du Wei quickly replied: “You’re beautiful, but I don’t need you girls to offer me your bodies just yet.” Pausing for a second to let his words sink in, “As you can see, I’m a mage. Right now, I’m currently practicing a form of magic that prevents me from sleeping with the opposite sex.”

With suspicious looking faces, the girls headed back out, not daring to ask any more questions. As soon as they left, Du Wei stood in front of a gorgeous looking mirror to look at his own reflection: “I’m not a gentleman… … But why is it that I just don’t want to touch these four girls?”

In his mind, an image of Vivian’s childish smile suddenly popped up. Freaked out by this, Du Wei shook his head before frowning: “Can it be that I like that silly girl? It cannot be…..”

Taking a quick bath, Du Wei puts on a fresh set of robes before coming out to see the four gorgeous looking girls lying on the bed with their naked bodies. Without even trying to cover themselves, Du Wei couldn’t stop himself from looking at their exquisite body curves….

Du Wei sighed before coming up in front of the bed: “I said you girls don’t need to serve me tonight. From what I know, there should be a resting room next to this place. Can it be that you don’t have a place to sleep tonight?”



The quadruplets quickly flushed red before one of them built up the courage to reply to his question: “We….. Are warming master’s bed with our body.”

Warming bed?

Warming a bed with a human body? Du Wei could do nothing but sigh in his heart….. To be doing something like this where one uses a woman’s naked body to warm a bed is simply too luxurious even for him in this life! But most importantly, isn’t this situation no different from pushing him into making a mistake?

Du Wei hesitated for a moment, trying to decide what to do. He wanted to tell them to get up from the bed, but he knew he can’t overdo it, especially when they are going to such lengths. Taking in a deep breath, he made up his mind and decided to endure it once.

With that, he crawled up the bed. As he tried to make it to the middle, his arms and legs ended up touching many places no normal situation would allow. It’s not like he intended to take advantage of it, but in a limited space with so many naked bodies to get over, it can’t be helped his hands would grab onto certain sensitive areas.

Holding in his urges, Du Wei suddenly felt a bit of a temper pent up inside him.

These girls are gifts others gave me, so why am I making myself suffer so? From this day forward, their life and honor belongs to me, so why am I still pretending to be a gentleman?

In that moment, his inner demon emerged and his biological needs burst forth. Just as he was about to give in to his temptation and move his hands, a voice in his mind suddenly came out: “Eh? I guessed you wouldn’t be able to hold yourself back tonight.”

Startled by the voice, his biological urge immediately disappeared like it was drowned in the very bottom of the ocean.

Semel?

God damn it!





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 136




The 136th chapter “night attack”

Why would Semel suddenly speak up after disappearing for so long!

Maybe it was due to the shock of knowing Gandalf’s death, but Semel hasn’t shown herself to him in months.

Whatever… Du Wei sighed and relaxed his mind.

“What’s wrong? Why aren’t you making your move? Aren’t you a man?” The tone in Semel’s voice was mixed with endless ridicule.

Du Wei grunted in his mind before going on: “You’ve been following me every day, so you should know very clearly if I am a man or not. Although I’m a man, but I don’t have the habit of becoming a beast in front of others!” This time around, Semel’s voice sounded even more gloating than before: “If you really want me to, I can take a walk outside for a while. As long as I don’t go too far, it will be fine.”

“Forget it!” Du Wei lets out a frosty laugh: “You are living under my spirit, so even if you move far away, it would be the same as seeing the scene in person. In such a situation, how can you expect me to avoid you?”

No matter what, it would be quite disturbing if there is someone watching you as you screwed around! And if the person in question is your great ancestor….. Well, I believe there wouldn’t be a single man in this world capable of not falling flat.

The quadruplets had originally seen through the change in Du Wei’s breathing and perceived their new master was about to make a move; yet, the sudden calm that followed the very next moment had left the four girls in a daze of wonderment.

When Du Wei felt helpless to get out of this situation, someone finally came to rescue him.

With the subtle sound of the door opening, a respectful voice floated into his ears: “Mage Du Wei, sorry to bother at this moment…. His highness had some urgent matter that requires him to head back to the capital, thus he tasked me to ask you if you would like to go back with him or stay here for the night…..”

“Don’t ask if.” Du Wei immediately jumped out of the bed and donned his Mage robe: “His highness and I will go back together right now.” Without delay, Du Wei and the prince got on the coach and started to head back to the capital with their possessions.

While on the road, the prince kept looking at Du Wei with an amusing smile: “My friend, I never would have thought you could be so strong willed. In such a case, you actually left as soon as you decided to. Could it be that you don’t like my gift?”

Du Wei replied in a mild tone: “With my status, it would be easy for me to get any woman I want in the future. I’m still young; I don’t wish to be so overly indulgent in the opposite sex at such an early age…. What about you? Your highness, didn’t you leave as soon as you decided too? Don’t you have any lustful feelings also? I know that Sir Bilaibuer gifted you with a Snake girl!”

Snake girls are women’s from a special minority tribe that used to live in the remote areas of the southern lands. Due to their scarcity and the low population of their tribes, this group of people had long been conquered by the empire a few hundred years ago. Due to their tribe’s special trait of having otherworldly flexibility, every female of this tribe is capable of pleasuring the opposite sex in so many ways that any man would die for a night with them.

It is precisely because of this characteristic that their people were faced with misfortune. Due to popular demand from the empire, poachers began capturing any female members of this tribe to sell in the slave market. In no time at all, this tribe finally faced destruction around 200 years ago. In modern times, the only place one would find any surviving members of this tribe would be in the arms and homes of some wealthy noble.

And what is even more abhorrent is the fact that once these girls are old enough to bear children, they would be forcefully impregnated to conceive the next generation. This is to ensure the owner will be able to continue to own a snake girl for future use.

From being a human being to a sex slave, such is the tragic fate of this tribe.

Back when he read the documents pertaining to this tribe, he could only sigh with grief: the terrifying part about humanity lies in how cruel we can be!

Du Wei really had to give it to this prince. Even when faced with such a tempting snake girl, the guy didn’t even flinch at the mention of the topic.

As the night drew closer to morning, the sky remained pitch black as the two coach road along the road. Leading in the front is of course the prince and Du Wei, but the other coach following close behind actually contained the quadruplets belonging to Du Wei. Because the prince had to enter the palace for some urgent matter, the snake girl was left behind at the villa to be picked up at another time.

As Du Wei sat inside the coach, his mind kept thinking about the time when he met that partially crippled waiter back at the villa…..

Similarly crippled and carried the air of a military soldier….. All of this is just too similar to those assassins that tried to take his life!

This question must be made clear one way or the other. The other party wants to take his life, so he must figure out the identity of the other party if he wants to protect himself!

Could his father really not know even though they are from the military?

Just thinking of this is sending chills down his spine!

While in thought, Du Wei suddenly heard a subtle sound coming from far into the distance. Thanks to his superhuman mental senses, he could immediately deduce the noise is from the lever of a crossbow!

Going on full alert, Du Wei dived towards the prince sitting across from him. Once they were on the floorboard of the carriage, he could hear a took took took took noise coming from the outside……

Right now, several powerful crossbow bolts had already struck the horses in the front! Fortunately for the two, these arrows weren’t able to penetrate their carriage despite being made out of pure steel!

In this situation, the first to react is the master warrior acting as their driver. With a loud cry, Sir Chick (the driver) had enwrapped his horse whip in a highly dense form of Dou Qi. Like a vindictive snake, the second wave of cross bolts was easily deflected in a single swing of his whip. It is well known the striking force of a crossbow is enormous compared to a regular bow, but to be able to deflect a shower of these bolts in a single wave, one can imagine how amazing this Chick fellow is!

After seeing the waves of arrows having no effect, the other side will definitely make another move. Knowing this, Chick moved with haste to grab his sword hidden away at the side of the carriage. In mere seconds, his entire body was enshrouded in a silvery aura of Dou Qi.

It wasn’t only Sir Chick that was getting ready for combat, the four court magicians had also dismounted from their horses and flew into the air. With a serious face, each of these highly powerful Mages was spreading a faint light powder substance in their vicinity. As if reacting to their spell chanting voices, the moment these lights touched the ground, it immediately created a defensive barrier around the carriage.

Just when the situation started to quiet down, a wind breaking sound came gushing out of the forest woods. Dressed in light armor, a couple of dozen warriors with masks covering their faces were rushing towards them. And even more shocking, around 10 Calvary knights further behind the first group were charging towards them with force!

With a very serious face, Chick felt pushed back because he knew that he wouldn’t be able to guarantee the safety of the prince in this situation by himself.

And it is certain the other party has a master hidden away if they dared to attack the prince so openly in the night…..

Just when Chick was thinking this, he suddenly noticed a strange light flashing across the sky! Enveloped in a sharp Dou Qi, this arrow was aiming straight for him!

With a loud cry, Chick raised his sword readying to deflect the oncoming attack!

Just when he slashed down against the arrow, something out of his expectation happened. Instead of shattering apart from his attack, the arrow only had its metal head break away. As for the rest of the arrow, it actually raised its speed and shot right through his shoulder and into the trunk of a huge tree behind him!

With blood profusely bursting out of his wound, Chick stabbed his sword onto the ground to lean against it. Letting out a grunt, he bit his lips and shouted in contempt. As retaliation, he forcefully pulled out his horse whip and pumped his own Dou Qi into it. Within moments, the whip shattered into numerous pieces and shot forth in all direction. Surprisingly though, this attack of his actually shot out even faster than the crossbow arrows from before!

Seeing Chick injured, the attackers saw it as a chance to attack and came rushing forward. However, when their allies suddenly dropped down without any chance to retaliate to the whip shards, their enthusiasm for fighting was suddenly lowered.

At this moment, another ray of light was flying across the night sky! Instead of aiming for Chick like before, the target this time around was the court Mages in the sky. Despite being highly skilled, these Mage were no match for the arrow fired from a master. As if the arrow had some kind of power to dominate over a spell caster, the court magicians were helpless against this attack. With a loud popping sound, one of the four court magicians was easily killed. But the court mage didn’t die in vain. Just before he died; he managed to shoot out an extremely high leveled fire based spell at the source of the attack.

With that last attack from a dying man, the master bowmen on the other side could no longer hide his presence! Just when Du Wei managed to recompose himself, he mustered up his mental force to pinpoint the exact location of the enemy. It is then, a realization dawned on him. Despite the magnificent attack shot out by the dying court Mage, the high leveled fire based spell was countered with an umbrella of water!

The enemy has a magician hidden away too!





Consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 138




The 138th chapter “You can bully others if you have more people?”

Not wanting to waste any of his own magic reserve, Du Wei donned the flying cloak left behind by Gandalf. Then flying up into the sky across from the dark mage, he carefully eyed the other guy in case he did anything out of his expectation.

“Come on then, let us have a duel between magicians!” Du Wei cried out in a loud voice to raise his spirit!

After his words, the other party didn’t look like seem to be in any rush and simply lets out a sinisterly “Jie Jie Jie Jie” laugh: “Dear Boy, you really interest me.” With that, the dark mage lightly tapped the bone dragon on the head. As if it was given a command from that simple hand movement, the bone dragon roars open its jaws and blasted out a blast of dragon breath towards Du Wei!

Fortunately, Du Wei had experience facing the dragon race and came well prepared. Raising both of his hands upward, he threw out another magic scroll to block the oncoming attack. Just like he intended, a bright silvery light spilled out from the scroll the moment it made contact with the black flames, creating a transparent ball of energy around Du Wei.

Contained in this scroll was originally the “Guardian spirit barrier” that Du Wei oh so favored. Unfortunately, this valuable spell left behind by Gandalf can only be maintained for about half an hour before it disappears completely. Able to defend against all kinds of magic attacks, Du Wei believes this trump card of his is the perfect defense against his current enemy.

Seeing his pet’s attack being deflected so easily, the death mage sneered in contempt. Then raising his staff to give the next command, the bone dragon flapped its wings to hone in on Du Wei and started to rush towards him with bursting speed through the air!

Understanding the mithril dagger in his possession is not enough to block off this charge, Du Wei hastily pushed himself aside due to the fact that the guardian spirit barrier is completely useless against any physical impact!

Once he was in the clear, Du Wei immediately propelled himself forward to gain some distance between him and the enemy. Seeing this cowardly act, the death mage sneered loudly from behind: “So you wish to run eh?”

With a few flaps of the bone dragon’s wings, the death mage was quickly able to catch up to Du Wei.

Pushing his flying cloak to the limit, the speed of the bone dragon is simply too much for him to outpace. After a few twists and turns through the air, the death mage finally caught up to him. Tired of this game of tags, the death mage raised his bone staff and began chanting a dark magic spell. Immediately, the air around the two started to become unbearably heavy as if gravity’s been intensified to another level. Then in the middle of the sky, the very fabric of reality started to sway and a couple of large crack appeared in the air. Seeping with a deathly aura, this cracks quickly shattered and a swirl of black fog started to gush out from the vortexes of darkness. As Du Wei watched on while trying to resist the pressuring air on his body, he noticed the light from his guardian spirit barrier was starting to fade away at a frightening speed!

Devouring darkness? (This is the name of the dark magic spell)

When he realized what the death mage was trying to do, Du Wei’s blood turned cold because he knew this spell is one of the most iconic offensive spell within the dark magic element!

Just when he was trying to think of a way out, the death mage caught on to his schemes and immediately pointed the bone staff at him before shouting: “Go!”

Caught off guard by the sudden attack, Du Wei had no choice but to hope for the best and completely rely on the guardian spirit barrier to save him. As the silver arrow like spell made contact with his defensive barrier, the attack only got weakened by 90% and wasn’t completely deflected. As for the remaining 10%, it was able to penetrate through the barrier and stab right into his body! It was almost instantaneous when the pain set in. Like his mental force was being pricked with rose thorns, this pain was so severe that even his heart skipped a beat due to his paralyzed body!

Heart mantra spell? Du Wei knew he had to get out of this area or else he will be killed. Bypassing the couple of dark vortexes nearby, he flew towards a dense thicket of forest nearby because he knew it was his best chance. As he did this, the guardian spirit barrier around him became even dimmer like it would break anytime soon.

A top tiered heart mantra spell is the most favored spell when a mage is dueling with another mage. By focusing its power into a single point, this spell is capable of directing all of its force on a single point like a nail hammering away at a piece of wood. Even the most power of barriers would not be able to fully deflect this because the defensive power is spread in a wide area, while the heart mantra is focused on one point!

Du Wei felt awful right now after taking that hit. Once his feet touched the ground, his leg went numb on the waist down and his soul felt like it was being frozen from the inside out!

Fortunately this heart mantra spell is a very energy consuming magic. Seeing Du Wei is still alive after taking a hit, this death mage decided it was in his best interest not to continue attempting the same attack in a row. If he did, Du Wei would have likely been killed after two or three hits in his current condition.

After landing in the forest, the death mage followed suit and order his bone dragon to land down on a more open clearing inside the forest. As it landed, the hulking mass of the bone dragon easily crushed the surrounding trees and created a giant mess!

“Kid, do you think you can avoid me by running into the forest?” The death mage sneered. Raising his bone wand, a dense aura of deathly air roared out from a crack in the fabrics of reality!

From the darkness, a death knight riding on a undead steed came bursting forth at the beckoning of the death mage! With hellish flames coursing through the veins of both animal and person, the undead creature looked ever so imposing to one’s eyes.

He summoned a death Knight? This guy is obviously more powerful than Mage Clark. Not only did this person summon a death knight, he actually summoned five in total! Just when Du Wei thought things was bad enough; the death mage began summoning even more undead creatures. From the very core of the earthly ground of the forest, dozens or so rotting hands began to sprout out from the dirt like newly grown shoots! In mere moments, skeleton soldiers of superior standard began to align the field with their unholy presence!

“You may be able to defend against my magic with your barrier.” The death Mage smiled in a very sinister way: “But can you defend against the swords and blades of these undead creatures?”

Five high ranked undead knights, matched with a dozen or so skeleton solders of superior standards!

Du Wei sighed and began mumbling to himself, “It’s no wonder a Mage can instill so much fear into the public. With such force, even a small army would need to take a detour to avoid so many undead creatures!”

Then with a serious face, he turned to look at the mocking death mage: “What you said is not bad. I can’t beat you in terms of speed, nor can I beat you head on in a fight. The best course of action left for me is to summon a magic creature to fight for me; unfortunately, I don’t have any in my arsenal to call upon.”

“Then you should quietly give out your soul to me.” The death mage sneered: “Let me turn you into a high ranking undead creature! Oh, maybe with your magic talent, I might be able to turn you into a lich!”

“Hmm … … A bone Dragon, five Death Knight, One, Two, three. Four…… 26 skeleton soldiers.” Du Wei shook his head: “This really is bullying with sheer numbers! Oh, is this your fighting style, with numbers?”

Death Magician cries out a chilling laugh: “I can’t believe you have top tiered guardian spirit barrier! Otherwise, my one Heart Mantra spell would have been enough to take your life!”

Du Wei nods: “Hmm, then what you are saying is that numbers can decide who can bully who? All right then!”

With that, Du Wei stuffs one of his hands into his bosom and gingerly pulls out a golden colored horn!

This horn is indeed the gift he received from the treant leader back in the frozen forest. Holding this valuable treasure up to his lips, Du Wei blew into it…..

A deep and vigorous horn sound sprayed out in all directions throughout the forest! In this single attempt, Du Wei can feel 90% of his energy being burned up!

This is the first time he ever used this treasure, so he wasn’t quite prepared for the hefty energy consumption that occurred from his one blow. To remedy this, he quickly pulled out the rainbow colored ring to refill his own magic reserve. Only after doing this did his pale expression regain some face color.

After the short rustling sound of leaves coming from the forest, a booming noise of roots uplifting from the firm soil echoed from all directions!

One by one, these ancient trees awoke from their slumber and transformed into treant companions! Unintentionally, one of the ‘companions’ heading over to Du Wei accidently crushed a couple of skeleton soldiers into pieces without notice!

Looking around to see all these huge hulking trees to back him up, Du Wei lets out a mocking smirk towards his foe: “If you have more people, then you can bully others, right?”

Moving back to where the Prince is right now. The enemy knight named Rodriguez had already dismounted and started to slowly approach the unprotected son of the emperor.

“Your highness, I’m sorry but I must take your life today.” Raising his glimmering ice blade, Rodriguez aimed the ice covered sword at the prince. While under the radiating moonlight, this legendary artifact became ever so beautiful under the moons light……

“Such a beautiful sword.” Prince Son sighed as if he was reluctant to pull his sight away from the enemy weapon: “This sword really does deserve the name Beauty under the Moonlight!”

Rodriguez lets out a soft sigh before replying: “You are of royal blood, so I’ll make sure you meet your end with dignity. When I behead you, I’ll make sure to freeze your body instantly to allow it to be preserved in a full state. I assure you, there won’t be a single drop of blood coming out the wound.”

With that, a highly pressurized sword aura pushed out from this icy cold blade. If Rodriguez were to slash down towards the prince at this moment, the expelled strike force would be enough to dismember the prince in half.

“To be able to die without bleeding is indeed a very dignified way of passing.” Prince Son suddenly smiled: “But what am I going to do? I still have a lot of things I didn’t get done yet, so I don’t want to die here tonight yet.”

With that, he pulled open the shirt on his chest and under it was a strange pendant that was hidden away from sight!

With a shape of a cross like sword, the design is extremely simplest. Despite this, the blemishes of age cannot be hidden away. If one were to look closely, traces of rust could be found on the edges of the pendant and the yellowish discoloration is obvious enough to the naked eyes.

The original calm face of Rodriguez suddenly turned pale as soon as he caught of a glimpse of the pendant: “Guardian of the Saint Roland’s?!”

“That’s right; it is Guardian of the Saint Roland’s!” Without hesitation, Prince Son ripped the pendant off his neck and ruthlessly stabbed it into the ground!

With a loud rumbling sound, a flash of searing red flames exploded from the ground! Filled with murderous screams, a figure of a flaming warrior steadily strode out from the transparent flames of the pendant. From appearances, this majestic being donned a tattered looking armor from a bygone era, but the imposing air could not be hidden no matter what!

“The great guardian of the Saint Roland Knights! The twelve mysterious Saint Knights under Aragon had each gave up a drop of their blood to create this divine being! By mixing their blood with a special metal, this pendant was created after being enchanted with a powerful magic ritual! Throughout the ages, this magical creature had acted as the patron god of the reigning royal family!” Prince Son may look pale, but his eyes were filled with a feverish admiration towards the very creature he had summoned!

Not only is this ancient warrior shrouded in flames, even its eyes were filled with radiating flames! Although the distance between Rodriguez and this creature is still ten meters in length, but the overwhelming pressure from its gaze is enough to force the Saint level Rodriguez back a step!

His eyes may look dejected, but his hands still moved with unrelenting speed. Holding his weapon with both hands, Rodriguez covered the distance in a single breath and slashed down with enough force to create a mini abyss on the ground….

Keng!

Shuddering from the impact, Rodriguez unwillingly stepped back due to the impenetrable force that had resisted his attack. From a mere step backwards, even the ground began to give way and cracks started to appear behind Rodriguez!

The legendary sword ‘Beauty under the Moonlight’ was easily deflected by the long sword of the flaming warrior in front of the prince!

Rodriguez grunted, his whole body was suddenly enshrouded in a golden flame of Dou Qi! What he did now symbolizes the highest level a knight could reach on the Roland continent, Saint ranked Dou Qi!

Following after Hussein, the golden glow of a Saint Class fighter once again walks among the Roland continent!

Not only is Rodriguez covered in a golden flame representing his Saint class Dou Qi, the legendary sword ‘Beauty under the Moonlight’ was radiating an endless sheen of silvery light! From the air around the sword, tiny particles of ice crystal were glistening off the light, making it ever more so majestic in the darkness!

“Sir Rodriguez, I was correct in my speculation, you did in fact advance to a Saint Knight!” Prince Son dropped down to the ground with a very weak looking face: “However, this magic creature created from the bloods of the Saint Roland Knights platoon is also all SAINT—KNIGHTS!”

With that, the flaming warrior seems to have sensed how powerful his current opponent is. With a loud imposing roar, the reddish flames covering the creature’s body instantly became a golden color!

Rodriguez was shocked beyond measure: “It can’t be, how can a magic creature also be at the saint level?!”

Under such intense light from the two mighty warriors, even the luster from the night sky was lost…..





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra releases.



* * *





Chapter 139




The 139th chapter “asymmetric battle”

The battle between Du Wei and the death mage is already at its peak.

Under the command of Du Wei, more than 10 huge treant ‘companions’ came slamming down on top of the bone dragon, thus, pinning it to the ground. Struggle as it might, the undead creature could not break free from the clutches of the massive swarm. Seeing the situation is turning for the worse, the furious bone dragon opens its hulking jaw and breathed out its signature flames against its enemy. Unfortunately for the bone dragon, before it could take the next breath to get another kill, one of the nearby treants already raised its fist and punched the dragon across the face!

Bang!!

Under the immense striking power of this single punch, even the dragon’s skull nearly shattered. Now, a long crack ran from one end of the jaw to the neck!

After a wave of angry roars, the treants managed to completely dismember the bone dragon from top to bottom after losing four of its numbers.

As for the death mage, he had long flew into the night sky and watched on with burning pain in his heart. Even for someone like him, he was only able to acquire such a high quality bone dragon after paying a hefty price to acquire the needed materials to build it. To see it being decimated in such a fashion on the ground, the death mage would obviously feel the pain.

Normally, the bone dragon would not be so easily defeated if it was flying in the air. Even if it couldn’t completely defeat the entire army of treants roaming the woods, the bone dragon could just continue fighting in the air without receiving any major damage. As for those death knights and skeleton soldiers, they were easily wiped out under the constant barrage by the treants.

But the death knights did fare a bit better than the skeleton soldiers. With the deathly flames produced by their swords, the death knight was able to deal some serious injuries to the treants. However, due to being vastly outnumbered, the knights were quickly obliterated after taking a few swings on their mounts.

With his heart spilling blood from this major loss, the death mage wanted to commit suicide with Du Wei. You need to understand, in order to create so many undead creatures and a bone dragon at that, it would require no less than decades to gather the needed souls! To see his only mini army destroyed in a blink of an eye, no mage can possibly shrug it off!

Nearly losing his mind, the death mage couldn’t take it anymore when he saw the unscathed Du Wei sitting safely inside the barrier. Opening both of his arms against the sky, the death mage began to cast another spell. With deathly black fog pouring out of his body, even the sky was nearly blocked off by this ghostly fog!

Du Wei couldn’t quite put his fingers on it, but when the fog swirled above his head, the movement felt alive like a creature. Then from this creepy fog, a purplish lightning started to spark out of the thing…..

He may not have a firm grasp of what this magic is, but he could feel a sense of impending danger. Watching the dangerous cloud pressing down towards him, several feelers suddenly stretched out in all directions. Like life sucking monsters, several treants on the ground immediately dried up like they were deprived life when the feelers made contact with them. Withering away like dried husks, the poor treants crumbled apart before their massive trunks could even touch the ground!

Such a terrifying magic!

He is scared now!

Du Wei still didn’t know it yet, but the death mage actually summoned forth a top tiered black magic called “Space Devourer” due to losing his mind from rage!

This spell is a large scale attack exclusive to the black magic department. Once used, all life within its range would be devoid of life!

For this reason, this spell is strictly forbidden by the magic union. In history, many disasters were created due to evil death mages using this spell to kill off large amounts of living creatures just so they can harvest the souls for cultivation.

Although this death mage has been secretly practicing this spell, but he didn’t dare use it out in the open due to the fear of being hunted down by the magic union. If it wasn’t due to Du Wei so blatantly destroying his life’s work, the death mage would never have resorted to such a method!

Moving back to the other fight.

With a calm face, Prince Son is safely sitting on the ground while under the protection of the barrier created by the pendant. Surprisingly though, this magic barrier created by the pendant is even stronger than the guardian spirit barrier under Du Wei’s possession! Without moving an inch, he quietly watched on as Rodriguez fought with the Saint Roland magic creature!

Right now, the road is already a complete mess due to the blows sent out by both Saint Class fighters. Not only did potholes litter the road, the nearby trees were either blown away or smashed into pieces!

Rodriguez looked somber as he held onto his dazzling weapon. Not only is his body covered in a golden glow, the sword called “Moonlight under the Moon” was reflecting a gorgeous glow from the ice layer, thus, causing his silvery armor to look ever so majestic.

However, Rodriguez was feeling pressured in his heart.

What he is facing now is the strongest artifact left behind by the founding emperor of the empire – A saint class magic creature!

Before he could even catch his breath, the magic creature was already making the second move. In a single block by Rodriguez, the shockwave produced by the two opposing force had sent everything within their radius flying far into the horizon, destroying everything in its wake!

Now, the spot where their weapons made contact is a massive pit! Although the undead creature carrying the spirit of the Saint Roland Knights is powerful, but to be able to fend off a true Saint Class warrior like Rodriguez is truly frustrating for him. Not only is he furious at this outcome, his pride as a warrior is hurt….

The frosty air of the “Beauty under the Moonlight” may be powerful and is capable of causing the surrounding terrain to freeze, but the flames extruding from this undead creature would instantly melt the ice apart.

Making up his mind, Rodriguez not only didn’t push forward, but retreated back ten meters. In one fell spinning motion of his sword, a vortex of icy air shot forth from his weapon and aimed straight for the magic creature. Facing the oncoming attack, the guardian spirit of the royal family only uttered a rant and stood its ground with both swords crossed on his chest!

Under the binding force of the frosty vortex, the magic creature didn’t take a single step backwards! Then after a minute of enduring the onslaught of ice and wind, the golden Dou Qi extruding from the magic creature suddenly bursts forth and dissipated the attack by Rodriguez.

The knight knew his attack wouldn’t be enough to finish the enemy, but it was good enough to stall the enemy for a moment. During the time he gained, he had been injecting his own Dou Qi in the legendary sword “Beauty under the Moonlight”. Vibrating with a buzzing sound, the sword gave off the image of absolute power!

Bursting with a cold aura, even the air around Rodriguez turned into beads of ice! Prince Son is a well-educated person. With a single glance, he can tell this mighty warrior intends to go all out without holding back! There is no doubt; the famed Rodriguez intends to use his trump card “Sigh of the Frost Moon”!

Prince Son may look calm on the surface, but his heart was in a total panic! As the most powerful move of this famed warrior, who knows how many powerful warriors fell at the hands of this attack. The magic creature created from his family heirloom may be powerful, but it is after all only a magic creature. If he cannot kill Rodriguez tonight, then his elder brother become even more wary of him from now on!

Rodriguez’s Dou Qi is already at its peak, ready to release his most powerful attack! Just when he was about to make his move, he suddenly sensed a vague yet powerful dark energy from afar.

Rodriguez immediately recognized this is from his death mage companion!

“Stupid!” He loudly scolded in his mind!

This place is the capital, is he not afraid of the magic union taking notice by using such powerful dark magic?!



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release



* * *





Chapter 140




I’ve been releasing them quietly until I had enough chapters to deserve an update, but I’ve picked up Law of the Devil as a side project where A013 left off. Presently translated chapters are listed below, or found under Law of the Devil in the menu.

Enjoy, and point out any mistakes.

Chapter 000 – The Earl’s Son

Chapter 001-015 (By A013)

Chapter 016 – Intractable Problem

Chapter 017 – Three Hundred Gold Coins

Chapter 018 – A Different Path

Chapter 019 – Beginning! The Devil’s Road!

Chapter 020 – Half Horn City’s Magic Beast Incident



* * *





Chapter 141




The 141th chapter “The heart’s like an abyss” (part 1)

Disciple of the legendary Gandalf, youngest magic scholar of the magic union, eldest son of the military’s second in command, and heir to the Rowling Household (although looked down by the family, but there has never been an official announcement to abolish his position). In this series of dazzling titles, there is about to be another added to the bunch: “A member of the first council within the magic academy!”

If nothing else happens from now until his appointment, he would play out the critical role of having the last say regarding future decisions made the academy.

One vote to pass, or one vote to revoke!

Once the Magic Academy establishes, there will be a great change over the Mage monopoly of the magic union. Without a doubt, it would improve the culture of the Mage society and push him to the forefront of all this!

“I just want to know why you’re telling me this news now.” Du Wei looked at his father in silence: “I already knew you wanted to tell me this information after the summer festival, right? Oh, no, no, let me take a guess, you may not want to tell me in person. Instead, you wanted to get the Emperor to make the announcement during the ceremonies, wouldn’t that have enough impact? My father!”

“Yes indeed.” Earl Raymond nodded. Taking in a deep breath, he took a deep glance at this son of his and saw a trace of cold indifference in Du Wei’s eyes. Back when the Earl first returned from his expedition out in sea, he had seen this kind of cold indifference during their first meeting. But when he summoned Du Wei back to the capital from the Rowling Plains, Raymond realized Du Wei had hid this coldness away very deeply inside and only now did these indifferent cold eyes resurface again!

Earl Raymond sighed: “I won’t answer your question right away. My son, we first need to have a honest conversation before that!”

“As you wish.” Du Wei shrugged his shoulders with a mocking smile.

Earl Raymond properly “ignores” the mocking tone in Du Wei’s voice. With a serious face, he faced Du Wei and suddenly uttered these words out: “You are my son; this fact cannot change no matter what…. Nor can anyone else change this. You are a child of the Rowling Household!”

“…… Yes. ” Du Wei quietly nodded.

“The establishment of this magic academy involves a large weighing force in the future. What you need to understand right now is that you are not the only one being pushed to the forefront of this matter, there is also me!” Earl Raymond’s tone became very serious: “The emperor and the president of the magic union both recognize you as the best candidate to buffer the tension between the two parties. Because your identity is not only a Mage, but also a child of an influential noble household, you are deemed as the best middleman that represents the interest of both sides. Even a genius politician would not want to so recklessly flip the table this early on because neither party can afford to suffer through the losses that would ensue! Under such a situation, everyone is looking towards you to keep the balance in check for now. In the short term, no one would want to meddle with your status and it can even be considered a good thing for you, but…..”

Du Wei is a clever person so he immediately understood his father’s meaning. Without waiting for his father to finish his speech, Du Wei is already sighing: “But the situation is very bad for the Rowling Household. This is what you mean right?”

“That’s right!” Earl Raymond looked gloomy: “Because of your existence, you have already dragged the family into a dangerous situation!”

Du Wei is speechless.

“You are my son. No matter what happens, you are still a family member of the Rowling Household! You should remember now. When you first returned to the capital, what did I say to you in this room?”

To his father’s question, Du Wei immediately replied without hesitation: “I remember. When I was in here, you said to me, ‘Now that you are back in the capital, every movement you make represents the Rowling family.’ The feeling behind your words that day is something I never experienced in 14 years of my life.”

Speaking up to the end, Du Wei deeply looked over at his father. Though his gaze wasn’t sharp like a knife, but it was enough to make the Earl turn slightly to dodge eye contact with his son.

Hesitating for a moment, the Earl finally relents and sighs: “It is precisely for this reason! The Rowling family is loyal to the Royal family, no matter the situation; the Rowling Household must side with them. All of our authority and even the family’s foundation is closely tied to the Thorn Flower Flag of the Empire! And now, in our family, a marginal figure like you suddenly appeared…. indeed, the president of the magic union and the emperor both recognizes you, but under such circumstances, do you think the emperor would still trust in me like before? Would he still trust in the Rowling household?”

Du Wei didn’t think too much on this question and quickly shook his head.

The answer is obviously in the negative!

The Rowling household is suddenly infected with a person with such close ties to the “enemy camp”, so of course the current headstrong emperor would have traces of suspicion, or even disgust towards us.

What does a leader want? A leader wants his subordinates to have absolute loyalty towards himself! Only such people would gain the highest trust of their leader!

But now, the Rowling Household suddenly produced someone like Du Wei. Although he was forced into such a two sided position, but Du Wei’s presence will undoubtedly produce some doubt in the Emperor’s heart.

No matter how much the Emperor trusted the Earl before, a person cannot stop themselves when facing a subordinate harboring a member that tilts towards the enemy camp.

For your son to become a member of the magic union, do you think you can still gain my complete trust? This question would obviously be raised in everyone’s mind!

Maybe if the leader in question is a person of great fortitude and holds immense wisdom; unfortunately, the current emperor isn’t such a man!

“And there is also something you don’t know…. The emperor’s body has been waning away the past few years and his temper became so senile that it cannot be predicted. In recent years, no one in the royal court dares to cross him, fearing that his temper may be triggered at any moment.” Among the Earl’s words, there are traces of worries mixed in: “And the most unfortunately thing is, presuming you read a lot of history books, you should understand the tactics used by each generation of emperors before their deaths. When passing the throne to the next generation, the current emperor would always suppress some high ranking officers controlling major military authorities. This tactic is mainly used as a deterrence to block off any ministers wielding too much power that could threaten the next reigning emperor. Unfortunately, in the aftermath of this incident, his Majesty is already having different opinions regarding our Rowling Household. Think about it. When the emperor wants to suppress a military official, who would he choose in this situation?”

Du Wei replied with a somber voice: “It’s most likely us.”

“It’s correct, and also not correct.” Earl Raymond laughed bitterly: “Under the present situation, precisely speaking, you will be pulled in by his Majesty and even promoted…. As for the Rowling Household, we will be slowly suppressed. But this is not what I’m worried about because as long as you hold the position inside the magic academy, his Majesty would not overdo it to avoid pushing you towards the magic union’s side. However, what I’m worried about is the long term!”

Du Wei understands his father’s worry is correct.

The image of the Rowling Household always revolved around the royal family. As a core member of the nobles circle swearing fealty to the empire, the family is only able to gain its current status as a supporting pillar for the empire after hundreds of years of tradition.

But now, a “half traitor” like Du Wei appeared and is even hindered into such an important incident. This is enough to tarnish the absolute loyal image of the Rowling Household and send it down a notch.

“The emperor actually doesn’t have to do anything, as long as the magic academy thing is over…… After all, you can’t always stay in such a position. Once you leave this post, the Rowling family would really be in trouble. Even without the Emperor deliberately oppressing us, as long as the Royal Family holds a grudge and never trust us again…. Then the day of our family’s downfall is not far away!” Earl Raymond laughs bitterly: “This is what I worry about the most.”

Du Wei faced his father: “Since you have thought this far, then you should have already came up with a countermeasure, right?”

“Correct.” Earl Raymond expression turned ugly: “To gain the confidence of the royal family back…. Or rather, regain the trust of the ‘Emperor’, there is only one way and that is to earn merits! But in this era, there is no war for our family to exploit, so there is only one option left…..”

“…… Enthronement.” Du Wei sighs again.

He finally understands it all.

For an emperor, what merit are the most valuable and what men he would most favor?

The biggest merit is enthronement! The most favored ministers are those that supported him during his enthronement!



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release



* * *





Chapter 142




The 142th chapter “The strange fleet”

Although it is still early in the summer season, but the suns light is already showing hints of blazing heat as it glistened off the waters of the Lancang Grand Canal outside the capital.

Further down from this life vein of the empire – approximately 30 miles from the capital – a strange ship is already docked in the port of Enke.

Due to the heavy tax burden when unloading directly inside the capital city, a lot of smaller trading ships would dock in the ports of the surrounding auxiliary towns to reduce their expenses.

Right now, two merchant like people have already jumped off this strange ship and conversing with the local tax official. After a few minutes of chit chat, one of the merchants quietly fished out some coins wrapped in a cloth and secretly sneaked it into the hands of the official. Seeing the other party’s intent, the tax official smiled so hard that he didn’t even bother to check the cargo and directly signed the necessary documents.

Further behind this shady transaction, a large mob of heavy lifters is already buzzing in the background and waiting for the chance to land a job.

“Mr.–Mr. Hire me! Hire me! My strength is high but my hands are light! If you have any valuable goods, it’ll never be damaged!”

“Respectful Sir, hire me! I have 20 people under me, only two copper per person! Two copper!”

In the midst of this ruckus, the strange ship had already put down a plank to allow those on board to come ashore. Two fine ladies were the first to get off. One dressed like a knight, this beauty had a pair of intoxicating legs that could drive a man crazy. Strikingly enough, the second lady to come ashore actually wore a supposed white Mage robe. After many alterations, this mage robe didn’t look bland in anyway; moreover, there was a sense of sexiness in its design due to certain areas being cut off to reveal more skin!

Drawing the attention of everyone down below, the fact that the duo is a rare combination of a female knight and a sorceress is too hard to miss in this crowded port. However, Joanna only needed to give out a cold snort to shatter the trance like moment and instill fear into everyone nearby with her icy coldness. Retracting their eyes, none dared to face their general direction.

“Joanna, everyone is afraid of you now” Rolynn snickered a laugh. Then looking down at the busy street, she sighed and summoned one of the sailors onboard to her: “Go get someone to check the stuff, and then quickly unload all of the cargo before tonight because there will be new goods by then. If you dawdle and we can’t make it by the evening, then be careful of your legs!”

A while back, Du Wei sent the two girls with Captain Jack Sparrow and his new right hand man George Bush to find the Snow Wolf Mercenaries in the north. In a short period of time, the group was able to meet Du Wei’s expectation and located Beinlich. Handing over the handwritten letter, Beinlich, leader of the snow wolf mercenaries was so happy that he immediately sold everything to Du Wei. Normally things would not have went so smoothly, but at the time of their meeting, Beinlich was worrying over the price of the goods because the dirty merchants he was selling the goods to wanted to lower his price by an additional 20%. Therefore, when he read the letter and found out about Du Wei’s intent, he felt like he was being given a lifesaving hand in a critical situation.

At the same time, Beinlich also contacted several other friendly groups like them and discussed the matter. As long as Du Wei can keep buying their goods at the same price now, all of their goods will from now on be sold exclusively to Du Wei.

Just like this, the pirate ship came back with fruitful results. Since there are ports in the north anyways, Rolynn contacted three other pirate ships under Du Wei’s banner and had them go make another run while her group returned home to make a report. No matter what, trafficking goods of magic beasts is illegal, so having three ships full of elicit goods on its way back is starting to pull on her nerves. Unfortunately for her, Du Wei had already left the Rowling Plains by the time of her return and moved to the capital. For this reason, she had come to find Du Wei in the capital and get hold of a legal permit so she can transport the goods legally.

This woman was once an adventurer and a party leader, so she of course had the brain to match her previous status. After thinking it through, Rolynn thought it wouldn’t be hard to get hold of the permit considering the status of the Rowling family name. And since she is going to the capital, why not just bring the first shipment directly to the capital and make a small fortune in the process?!

The only problem in her plan is that the goods are still illegal without the permit. In order to deceive the inspecting officials in the checkpoints, Rolynn made a deal with the fur trader back in the Rowling Plains – This fur trader is the one that supported Du Wei in his first venture – and had him transport his furs and leather on top of her goods. This way, both parties can cut down on costs and help hide the elicit goods on the surface. The only thing out of her expectation was that the fur trader went beyond his agreement and had his people settle the matters along any of the clearance points on their journey.

As the two beauties finally got off the ship, the clearance matter was already settled by the people of the fur trader. The only worrisome matter left is the sailors onboard. Originally pirates, where in the world would these thugs ever get the chance to see such a bustling scene? Although the town where Enke port is located is still 30 miles from the capital, but the dizzying amount of finely dressed prostitutes below is already causing the sailors to itch with restlessness.

It’s already been a while since she led this bunch of hooligans out in sea, so she naturally had a good understanding of these pirates. Usually under strict management by her, Rolynn still understood the importance of balancing the mood of her subordinates. So after seeing the impatient eyes of those leaning over the ship’s side, Rolynn couldn’t stop herself from laughing. Giving out her orders from a distance, she instructed her subordinates to disembark in batches and not to stir up any trouble.

Upon hearing the graceful words of their leader, the eyes of this vulgar pirate crew were brimming with gratitude. Hurrying to grab their wallets, those not on duty only spent a moment to change their garments before jumping overboard without any intent to hide their eagerness for the brothel! As for those stuck behind to work, they were brimming with envy as they watched their peers disappear into the crowded streets….

“Humph!” Seeing the pirates act like a bunch of predators, Joanna is obviously displeased because she knew very well what they were intending to do in town. If not for the long period of time spent with the vulgar bunch, she would have already summoned a raging ‘ice storm’ and tossed it towards the group. In a angry whisper, she muttered to herself: “What a bunch of dirty men!”

As for Rolynn standing beside Joanna, she was already used to it because of her adventuring days prior to becoming Du Wei’s knight. Facing Joanna, she smiled: “Miss Joanna, now that we have arrived here, let’s go meet master Du Wei after the carriage is prepared.”

“Pehhh!” A strange expression emerges from Joanna’s face. With disdain in her mouth: “Why would I want to go meet that little bastard! Humph, you go by yourself! I only came to the capital because I wanted to help you protect the ship. Secondly, I also have business in the capital! Hmm…. Oh yes, help me transfer a message to that little jerk. The promise I made to him, consider it done! From this point on, I do not owe him any favor! If meet him next time, I’ll be sure to make him suffer a bit!”

At this point, Joanna glanced at Rolynn: “Rolynn, in the days we spent together, I noticed your talent in magic is not bad. Although I taught you a few spells during our time together, but I know I’m not a very good teacher, so leave with me. My teacher is an amazing person that cannot be matched by many in this world, so why should you follow that little jerk? I’ll ask my teacher to take you as his disciple….”

Before she can even finish her words, Joanna already saw the smile on Rolynn’s face. Letting out a sigh, she continued: “Very well then, I know you’re going to refuse me again. In this case, see you again in the future!”

Having said that, Joanna gave her a deep look before speaking in a whisper: “Although I have a sister, but she and I have never been on good terms. Every time I see her, I would get angry. If only I had a sister like you, then the situation would have been really good.”

Giving a big hug to Rolynn, Joanna bid her farewell. As a mage, Joanna’s proud personality tends push her into ignoring those around her. Without caring for the eyes of the crowd nearby, Joanna flew into the sky aand headed towards the general direction of the capital. Like a passing breeze, the shape of her body disappeared into the horizon.

In this one move, the crowd below started to cry out in surprise. On the Roland continent, Mages are revered like treasures. To see one flying up into the sky and disappearing far into the horizon, the crowd would of course be shocked. Frowning, Rolynn looked up at the sky where Joanna disappeared and sighed. Then turning to face the sailors onboard of the ship still, she yelled: “Why you are idling there! Haven’t you seen Miss Joanna use magic before? Get to work!”

Then Rolynn spent another minute talking with the subordinates of the fur trader. From what she can tell, the fur trader intends to latch onto this big tree known as Du Wei. Her idea was confirmed when she found out from their chat that one of the people sent by the fur trader was in fact his brother.

Around 40 years old, this man is called Herbon. During their journey in the canal, this person was always one step ahead of her and prepared everything in advance. Take the Enke port for example: Not only did he resolve the tax official’s inspection, Herbon even rented a warehouse to store the elicit goods away nearby. (Because of the large amount of traffic that goes through the port cities near the capital, cheap warehouses have popped up everywhere inside the town) After arranging the needed man power to transport the goods, the only left to do now for Rolynn is find a carriage willing to take her to the capital.

Rolynn was very grateful towards him so her attitude is naturally good: “When we were coming, my brother already gave me clear instructions. Miss Rolynn is a knight, as such, I must be the one to do these work to not tarnish your status.”

Once she thanked him, Herbon asked again: “Now that the cargo is taken care of, is Miss Rolynn going to head to the capital immediately? It just so happens that I need to make some purchases from some firms in the capital, why not make the trip with me since I already have a carriage ready?”

“Perfect, I also need to meet our master. Once the master gives the order, the goods should be shipped out because the goods can’t just be left in the warehouse.”

Just as the two was about to leave the pier, a loud horn sound reached their ears!

Turning around to look, she could see a team of 10 merchant ships dominating the main channel. From appearances alone, she can tell this mighty fleet is different from the regular trading ships parked in the port. Embezzled with a green oak leaf logo, all of the nearby ships immediately navigated away when they drew near.

Even more shocking, there is even formal capital guard soldiers standing watch on the deck of these ships. “Clearly a private merchant ship, so why would imperial soldiers escort them? For such a large river, why should they get to hog it all to themselves?” She frowns.

“This is Miss Rolynn’s first time in the capital, right?” Herbon took one look and whispered, “No need to say more! The origin of this fleet is not simple!”

“Oh, really?”

Herbon secretly pointed to the oak leaf flag on the ship and whispered, “See it? It is the banner of the Solomon family. These are the Solomon family merchant ships. These people are backed by the Royal family. Each year, they need to help the royal family earn large sums of gold and even manage some assets under certain members of the royal household! With such background, who can compete?!”

Herbon concentrated for a moment and said “The ship is very deep in the water, so I’m guessing the ship is carrying some heavy cargo used for the summer festival. If anything, it should be some tribute to the royal family by the Solomon family…..”

Rolynn shook his head: “It shouldn’t be. If it is, then it should have been transported months ago.”

Herbon laughed: “Who cares what they are carrying, it’s none of our business.”

Rolynn nodded in agreement but she couldn’t stop herself from taking a few more glances. As a warrior, her sight is naturally sharper than a regular person. Ignoring the guards standing watch, even the sailors on board of the fleet were muscular and full of life, definitely not what you would expect from a regular merchant ship. As such, a sense of unease and suspicion lingered in her mind over this bizarre scene…….

By the time they got to the capital on the rented coach, the time was already late into the afternoon. No doubt about it, the coach cannot match up to the luxurious coach of the Rowling Family’s; therefore, the trip wasn’t as comfy as she had expected. Fortunately for Rolynn, her background is that of an adventurer, so she was able to cope with this easily. But what she couldn’t cope with is the smell… Drenched in the smell of a foul fishy scent, Rolynn felt ever so uncomfortable crammed in such a small vehicle with the smell. As for the merchant Herbon, he wasn’t so well off. As the brother of the wealthy fur merchant, he wasn’t accustomed to the ride and felt sick to the stomach. Once they were in front of the East Gate, Rolynn sighs when she saw the long line up: “There are so many people lining up, when will we ever get in?”

“This is already considered to be good.” Herbon pinched his nose as he smiled wryly: “I heard the gate tax was raised again…. Aigh, for people like us that transport goods to the capital, we cannot directly ship it into the capital. Only by disembarking in places like the Enke port can we save ourselves from the immense shipping tax. But now that the gate tax is raised again, we will lose even more from our already dismal profit share.”

By the time they were inside the capital, Roylnn no longer wanted to stay in the carriage. Without waiting till they were at the Rowling Manor, she and two of her old subordinates – a archer and a bulky warrior from before – had already went off to purchase some steeds to ride. After fixing up their appearances a bit, the trio rode in comfort to the Earl’s manor.

Usually the servants outside the manor wouldn’t be surprised to see visitors coming to the Manor, but the trio was wearing the Rowling Households private army outfits. Not recognizing Rolynn and her subordinates, the servants were wondering who they were.

Not deterred, Rolynn strode forward and identified herself as a direct subordinate of master Du Wei. Once the people inside were informed of her arrival, Marde quickly ran outside to receive the trio.

Presently, Du Wei was hiding in his room studying the bone structure of some magic beasts. After he returned home from that event, he had been confining himself inside his room and fiddling with the stuff he had in his possession.

When he was at Old Alley’s place, he had received a lot of good things from that crazy guy. For example: That formula to replace “Mithril”. After searching through his possession, Du Wei already had 20 of the needed ingredients and only lacked around seven to eight items. Guessing he couldn’t get the rest from Old Alley, he needed to come up with an idea to get his hands on the remaining ingredients.

Du Wei wasn’t worried if he could them because as long as has the water from“As time goes by”, he can successfully cultivate the ingredient every time.

Just as he was carefully studying the secrets of the recipe, Marde had already brought Rolynn inside.

Packing up the things and closing the door behind him, he then walked out to the meeting room met with the long awaited Rolynn..

Not seeing her for months, the fear and trepidation when they first met was already long gone. In its place, a mature and proud youthful aura filled her face. Not to mention the womanly charm of her body curves became even more defined as her plump breast grew ever more so than before!

Life on the sea had tanned her skin to a light bronzy shade and although her body was slightly thinner than before, she looked even livelier than their previous meeting.

“Sit down.” Du Wei rubbed his chin and lounged onto a chair. Watching Rolynn, he smiled as he faced her: “You’ve worked hard; I will remember the merits you earned. Say it then. Why did you come all the way to the capital to look for me?” Rolynn sat down on the chair further back from where Du Wei was and calmly reported what happened. By the time she explained up to the idea of how Beinlich wanted to gather other mercenary groups to sell exclusively to him, Du Wei immediately jumped in: “Accept it! Why hesitate? Now that we have the boats, we only lacked the goods. Beinlich is not only a good friend but someone I trust with my life. I not only respect him but also saved a hundred of his companions, so he can be trusted.”

“Understood.” Rolynn nodded: “That’s what I thought too before returning. A draft of the agreement is already made. Please have a look and see if there is anything you don’t like. If there is no problem, I’ll have it sent back to the north. Also, there is one more thing…..”

After listening to her explain how she brought a ship full of cargo to the capital, Du Wei frowned slightly: “This is a problem, but it should not be difficult to solve. Wait two days and I’ll try to get this thing done.”

“There is also the question of money.” Rolynn smiled bitterly: “The amount you gave Jack Sparrow back then wasn’t much, so when we headed north, we didn’t have enough money. In this one purchase, we bought a lot and didn’t have enough to pay for it all. Luckily, the snow wolf mercenaries trusted you a lot so they allowed us to pay a deposit of only ten thousand gold. The other reason why I came to seek you out is to ask for more money….”

Without waiting, Du Wei immediately called for Marde and instructed Rolynn to follow the butler to draw out some funds. On second thought, Du Wei added in: “All the goods this time are to be paid 10% higher than normal. If not for Beinlich’s help, this would not have worked out so well. For such a big favor, it must be paid!”

Rolynn immediately nodded. Then spending a moment in thought, this female Knight suddenly spoke up: “Master Du Wei, when I was at the Enke port, I saw the Solomon family fleet on the Canal…… But the fleet, it seems a little odd……”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release



* * *





Chapter 143




The 143th chapter “Day before the ceremony”

After listening to Rolynn’s explanation of what she saw at Enke port, Du Wei’s expression remained calm and collect. Giving a light nod, he said: “I understand.”

Moving about, he acted like nothing major has happened and diverted the topic to something else: “Rolynn, first leave the goods at the warehouse. Wait till the summer festival is over then we can move them. No matter what, we still don’t have the legal permit required to sell them properly. If we somehow get caught during this busy time, it will be an embarrassment for the household. It will be good enough to first send some of your people and safeguard the goods back at the Enke port.”

Rolynn is a smart woman so she was quickly able to pick up on the true meaning behind Du Wei’s unusual words: “You mean….. When the summer festival starts, there will be trouble afoot?”

Du Wei cries out a laugh: “I didn’t say that so don’t go making speculations. Also, even if there is trouble, it doesn’t relate to us. It will be fine as long as you keep those pirates in check. During the summer festival, the security around the capital is much higher than normal, so make sure those guys don’t go provoking for trouble. Once things are ready, I’ll send someone for you, do you understand?”

Without reason to pursue the topic, Rolynn had no choice but to give a bow and leave.

Once Rolynn is gone, Du Wei finally revealed a dark complexion on his face as he closed his eyes in thought.

Puffing out a soft breath of air: “Heh…… Fleet eh? This father of mine is truly restless, does he intend to do something on the summer festival?”

Whatever stuff on that fleet is definitely not your ordinary cargo, and to use soldiers as an escort? Other than people like his father, whom is a high ranking military official, can never reassign the army around the capital.

So then, does this mean they want to start making their move on Prince Son?

Upon this thought, he suddenly recalled the kind attitude from Prince Son. Unfortunately for Du Wei, he also remembers the begging cries his mother requested of him……. Shaking his head, he sighs and mutters to himself: I’m sorry Prince Son, you are my friend but also my enemy. With the family burden over my shoulder, I cannot help you.”

Pushing the problem aside, Du Wei sat around for the next while drinking tea and studying some magic recipes. All was smooth and nice right up till the evening.

BOOM!!

A thunderous explosion rocked his room

In that blast, even the small building in which he resides shook a few times. Then from below the stairs, Du Wei can see someone knocking down a door from where he stood. Coming out from the billowing smoked room, the man sized mouse Gargamel came rushing out as he coughed violently.

“Cough, cough…… That almost choked me to death……“ In one single breath, the mouse rushed into Du Wei’s bedroom and grabbed a drink from the teapot, all the while completely disregarding Du Wei’s displeasure. Then letting out a sigh of relief, the mouse finally calms down. From top to bottom, the man sized mouse was covered in ash and even some of the whiskers looked like they were burned in the explosion!

Du Wei frowns: “What’s the matter?”

“What else can it be? I figured out what that Nirvana’s bow is. I tried to use a magic crystal to exam the magic circle on that bow, and the result is the explosion you just heard! Kid, that bow is not ordinary in the least! Prior to my experiment, I set up a two tiered barrier system around the room, but even that was easily dispelled in that explosion! If not for the safety measure I took, I fear this building would not have survived the blast!”

Smiling at what he just heard, Du Wei first went outside to dismiss the arriving that came due to the explosion. Saying it was all a part of his magic experiments, the people that came to see what was going on all left with an awe expression when they faced Du Wei. As a Mage, his identity is obviously above the idiotic son of the Earl from back then.

Once he finished driving away the guards, Du Wei had Marde watch the courtyard gate to keep others from returning. Maybe it was due to what the mouse said about safety, he had Gargamel set up another magic barrier around his entire residence. With everything ready to go, he and the mouse went into the laboratory downstairs.

With the smoke mostly dissipated, Du Wei summoned forth a low leveled wind based magic and blew away the rest of the lingering smoke. Right in the middle of the room, the “Nirvana’s Bow” quietly lay there on top of a table platform as if the fact that an explosion never took place in this room.

Unlike the Mithril platform used by that crazy old Alley, Du Wei couldn’t afford such luxury so his was only made out of stone. Carefully look over the bow, he can immediately sense something was different!

Still glowing with light, the bow had no obvious damage from the ground shaking explosion earlier. In fact, the bow looked brand new without so much as a dust on it! From the seamless structure of the thing to the transparent crystal embedded in the middle, everything about it gave off the feeling like it was not of this world. Also, the one thing Du Wei still couldn’t quite understand is the curved barbs on the two ends of the bow. What are they for?

It’s obvious the barbs are intended for the user to fight in close combat, but how effective can it be?

For that question, Gargamel has the answer. After a test, the mouse managed to poke a whopping whole in the middle of a thick chest plate with the barb!

“The material for this thing is not simple. I can only guess it is some specially processed crystal or a synthetic material. As for what it is exactly, I can’t say.”

Gargamel pointed his finger to the bow. After spending one day and night examining the bow, the mouse is obviously very excited at what it is: “The bow’s shape is completely different from those currently on the continent. Right now no master archer is capable of mastering melee combat at the same time, but the design of this bow is an exception…. However, I can only guess that in order to fully utilize the bow, there is probably a set of martial skills that came with it.”

A martial skill set that supports this bow….. Du Wei thought for a moment and shook his head: “I don’t know about that then… The guy that fell by my hands looked strong, but he should not be fluent in the set of skills you mentioned. If he was, then he wouldn’t have been so easily killed by me.”

“If that’s the case, then that guy is definitely not the original owner.” Gargamel moved his mouth while thinking: “From the age of the material, I can tell the bow is at least a few hundred years old!”

Then Gargamel picked up the Nirvana’s bow and pulled it in front of Du Wei: “You see the patterns? This is a strange magic array that I can’t even begin to comprehend, but I am sure of one thing. This thing is imbued with a type of wind spell along with some kind of strength and agility speed magic…… To be able to meld so many spells together and create such an amazing magic array, and such a small size at that….. There’s no doubt the creator is at least a grand master in his field!”

Du Wei wasn’t really concerned about all this: “What I want to know is how to use it.”

When it came to this issue, Gargamel suddenly burst out into a laughing fit. Unlike how he normally laughs, the mouse looked so wretched this time around because he couldn’t hide his greed: “This is what is the most fascinating about it! Let me tell you little Du Wei, you really hit the jackpot! The power of this bow is absolutely amazing! In fact, it is more than you can possibly imagine!”

After finishing his words, the mouse started to speak in an unstoppable rant: “The poor guy that you killed is a warrior, right? For this bow, warriors can still make this bow work by infusing it with their Dou Qi. Once the Dou Qi is inserted into the bow, the energy would form a dense arrow for the user to use. Regardless of the launch speed, accuracy, and power, the results would be top notch on the continent by doing that. However, the previous owner obviously didn’t know how to truly tap into the full power of this thing! Humph…..”

After saying that, the mouse suddenly reached out and gently touched the bow. Once he injected some magic into the bow, the thing immediately began to glow brilliantly like it was alive! Then, with a clicking sound from the bow, a small gap suddenly appeared at where the arrow slit should be and a magic crystal suddenly rolled out of the hole!

“Let me reveal the true face of this amazing magic weapon!” The mouse laughs with pride: “This bow is in fact not designed for a warrior to use; instead, it is specially designed for a Mage to use!”

“…… Magician? ”

Du Wei really didn’t expect something like that.

A Mage equipped with a bow and arrow?

Why would a Mage need to use a bow and arrow? The image one would always have for a Mage is a wand in hand and casting some kind of powerful magic.

So using a bow in combat is something only warriors would use!

If Mages were to start using bows, then wouldn’t it become the norm for them to carry around giant broadswords too?

“Stop doubting me! This is indeed a magic bow specifically designed for Mages!” Gargamel saw through the doubt in Du Wei’s eyes so his voice became serious: “You are lucky no one knows the true use behind this bow little Du Wei. If anyone finds out and it spreads around, I guarantee you others will start knocking heads to come grab it off you!”

With that said, Gargamel gently pinched the tiny magic crystal that came out of the bow. This magic crystal is a high quality gemstone, but after many years of aging, the color seems washed out and deprived of any energy. If one were to look closely, they would notice some traces of cracks running across the stone.

Gargamel gripped onto the crystal and began to slowly insert his magic into the crystal. Like a miracle, the one pale and washed out color of the magic crystal suddenly began to glow like it was revitalized with life!

Then putting the crystal back into the arrow hole in the bow, a soft wave of magic fluctuated in the air and the small arrow suddenly closed without a single trace of it ever being there.

“Hold it!” Gargamel gives the bow to Du Wei and smiles: “Go to the roof and test out your new toy.”

Like this, the two came up to the roof on this small building.

On top of this three story small building; Du Wei held onto the bow with both hands and looked out into the setting sun. Without saying anything, he pulled against the bow string only to find that it was more flexible than he had thought, although it was still hard on him, but it was workable. Then inserting his magic into the bow, he could immediately feel an immense fluctuation on the bow as the energy gushes out to form multiple wind blades……

There’s no doubt about it. Clear to his eyes, the unusual wind blades flowing out of the bow started to condense into the shape of a small arrow……

Letting go of the pulled string, a shooting sound was all he could hear….

That’s no arrow!

No…. The thing that shot out is clearly a shooting star!

Like a shooting star, the shot roared out from his hands and soared through the sky! Swift like thunder, the shining ball of brilliance was quickly gone from their line of sight!

He was left speechless Although he cannot see the impact sight, but just the way it moved through the sky is enough to tell him that the force behind the attack is not something to be trifled with!

Compared to what he saw from the previous owner, his one shot is notably many times stronger!

More importantly, he was able to fire out such a terrifying shot despite the fact that his body is only slightly better than the average person and he couldn’t use Dou Qi!

“Just like I expected…… Very strong!” Gargamel tiptoes to the side, he squinted his eyes as he looks in the general direction of where the shooting star went. With a complex emotion in his eyes, he said: “If this bow can be mass produced, then the day of Mages overtaking the archer profession would be upon us!”

Forcing the shock in his heart down, Du Wei slowly sat down and began stroking the Nirvana’s bow back and forth.

Magic weapon! A real long ranged magic weapon!

Without needing any energy from the user, it only requires magic to fuel its projectiles!

“Little Du Wei, you guessed it too, right?” Gargamel’s eyes were flashing with excitement: “Can you see? If you enlarge the bow several times and change the appearances slightly, then would it be the same as those magic cannons on top of the capital’s city wall!”

“Magic cannon!” Du Wei replied without losing his cool, but his eyes clearly had a weird look in them: “If this thing is enlarged several times, then it would the same as a Magic Cannon! Or to be more accurate….. The manufacturing principle behind this thing is the same as the long lost methods of the magic cannon!!”

While he was saying this, Du Wei didn’t know about a certain interlude happening elsewhere: On the day of his first test run of the Nirvana’s bow, a small garrison force from a nearby town reported a certain event.

Year 960 of the Empire, June 10. During the evening of this day up in the southeastern sky, a shooting star made contact on the ground and caused the sky to burn a crimson red! Luckily, there were no casualties in this event and only the mountain roads were blocked after the meteorite destroyed half of the nearby mountain. Please send help for repairs…..

No one knows the truth behind this event, not even Du Wei knew the true strength of what he did!

The days before the summer festival, Marde was spending his time roaming the streets of the capital. No matter the place, his footprints could be easily found. The reason is very simple because Du Wei instructed him with these words: “Go out and enjoy yourself in every business you can find. It doesn’t matter how much it cost, just bring the bill back after for reimbursement. What I want you to do during that time is to document every activity you see, whether it is the people or shows, record every noticeable thing you see.”

As such, Marde didn’t question the order and simply walked around the streets and enjoyed himself with the big bag of money.

Prior to the day of the summer festival, the main streets running through the capital were jammed packed with tourists and merchants. No matter the place, the mood of celebration ran rampant because the Emperor specifically instructed this year’s celebration to be extra big. Due to the ominous shooting star that flew by on the national founding day a while back, the emperor became enraged and had the court astrologist executed; thus, this is the result of trying to dampen the jinx in the sky.

Once the word was spread throughout the continent, an abnormal amount of visitors came flocking to the capital. Overcrowded, just about every hotel was charging extra rates for their rooms; despite this, some tourists still couldn’t find proper lodging. It wasn’t just the emperor endorsing the festival, even his Majesty the Pope gave the word out that the Temple of Light would perform God’s magic in the city square. Of course, if there is the Temple of Light, there is the Magic Union. In order to not lose face, the president of the magic union will also bring in some grand Mages to showcase their magic!

But more importantly, his majesty the emperor already gave the word out to power up the magic barrier in the capital!! Created during the era of Aragon, this thousand year old magic array was last powered up during the first triumphant return of the navy in the south eastern sea. Anyone that was present during that event would always deeply remember the grand scenic spectacle of it all! Shining brilliantly, a multitude of colors shrouded the capital’s sky in an immense barrier! And just dimly, the onlookers would somehow be able to make out strange flying monsters floating across the sky! Of course, whether those beasts are real or not is up for debate!

For such a big event, a person may not ever have the chance to encounter it once in their lifetime. To miss it would be such a pity!

As such, the amount of visitors this year grew to several times that of a regular year. And in order to keep up with the security issues, the police force in the capital was on full alert. Despite their efforts, reports of robbery and fighting were endless. Anyone that had originally planned to take the day off were brought back into the office and in some cases, the officer would not even be able to go home for a few days to meet their wife!

It wasn’t just the police force; even the city defense garrison was working overtime despite the fact that extra forces were assigned to the city gates. Pressured by the extra security measures handed out by the imperial court, every person entering the gates was searched thoroughly.

And because of how packed the capital was, the army organized a separate security force to keep the residential areas of the noble class safe. It wasn’t just the nobles that were under heavy protection, the Temple of Light was also on high alert. After all, the temple has a lot of believers, so it can’t be helped that extra measures must be taken.

As for the Magic union, it was business as usual. In the mind of the normal populous, the status of a mage is something to be feared and revered, so of course no one would want to go cause trouble at their headquarters!

Like this, Marde spent the previous few days roaming the crowded streets. During his time, Marde had his pockets picked by a thief and in some cases, some passerby ended up trampling over his feet…. Reporting all of this to his young master, Du Wei showed no signs of displeasure or happiness. The only thing Marde heard from him was this: “I understand, go reimburse yourself for the past few days.”

Once Marde was gone, Du Wei tapped his forehead as he sat down for a moment. Then out of nowhere, a weird little smile appeared on his face as he muttered to himself: “Hmm, the city gate is stationed with extra soldiers…… And the noble residential area is also stationed with soldiers. That’s right, even the temple is stationed with soldiers…. It looks like this really will be a big fight!”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release





* * *





Chapter 147




The 147th chapter “A fighter’s spirit”

The words may seem simple, but Du Wei could not help but sigh when he heard it.

Earl Raymond suddenly laughed: “Your highness, you may be young, but you really are smart. Let me tell you, whatever provocation you are trying to do will not affect my relationship with the Crown Prince. In fact, I can openly tell you: Yes! If his majesty had started off by tasking us to support you…. Then we would have done it! The problem lies in the fact that we were tasked with supporting the Crown Prince. After 30 years, he suddenly changed his mind and forced us into a corner. After wasting 30 years of our life, he didn’t even leave us an escape route.”

“At this rate, it would seem father really is in the wrong.” When this line came out of Prince Son, everyone became shocked with surprise!

Even Augustine the 6th was so surprised that he gave his little son a glance too.

“Father.” Prince Son stood up and gave a bow to the emperor: “Why don’t you go back to the palace and leave this matter to me. Is that fine?”

“Delusional!” The Crown Prince became enraged: “SON! Do you think the situation is so simple?! If father do no abdicate today, I will not give up!”

When Augustine the 6th raised an eyebrow after hearing this, the grey robed warrior that was always standing behind the emperor suddenly emerged with piercing cold eyes: “Impudent! I want to see who would dare block our path if his majesty wishes to return!”

With that, this usually ordinary looking warrior suddenly stepped forward. From a silent shadow, this person made a complete change as a bone chilling aura emitted from his body! No doubt about it, this is blood thirst!

Du Wei’s senses are the keenest among the audiences. When he watched the scene unfold from the distance, his senses were easily blown away by the sharp pain caused by the murderous aura. In fact, Du Wei felt a little scared to stare!

“Humph!” The Crown Prince sneered: “Oh respected Rosie. I certainly can’t forget you the infamous ‘Grey robed sword saint’. Although you are mighty, but not even you can fend off tens of thousands of elite soldiers…..” With that said, the Crown Prince coldly looked at this grey robed martial artist: “And for years you have remained by my father’s side, so how can I ever forget you! In response, I have prepared the most suitable opponent for you!”

After saying that, the Crown Prince turned away to whisper at a full bodied armor knight: “I’m requesting you now to do the third favor. Help me kill this Grey Robed sword Saint!”

Letting out a soft sigh in response: “As you wish.”

This familiar icy cold voice easily reached Du Wei’s ears. Unable to stop his body, Du Wei started to tremble because he knew exactly who the owner of this voice was!

Sure enough, the Knight slowly took off his helmet to expose a face full of loneliness in his eyes. When he took out his sword, the long blade gave off a vague cold that is akin to a terrifying storm…..

Beauty under the Moonlight!

After Hussein, the continent’s second Saint Class Knight Rodriguez finally appeared!!!

Slowly taking off his armor, Rodriguez walked out from the crowd of soldiers and silently looked up at the platform where the grey robed warrior resided.

“Sir Rosie, I have heard of your great name.”Rodriguez seems to smile a bit when he said this: “However, I’m not too fond of you…… For a long time now, you are called the ‘Grey robed sword Saint’. But I’m quite curious, for someone of your level, how can your title include the word Saint?”

Speaking up to here, Rodriguez sighed softly and his whole body suddenly surged with a flow of golden light. Immediately, the brilliant color of the Saint Class Dou Qi burned with the intensity of a searing flame!

The brilliant glow seems to stun the eyes of every person in the audience!

After a long time of silence, someone suddenly exclaimed: “Golden Dou Qi! Gold Dou Qi! Oh almighty god! It’s actually a Saint Knight!!”

Burning with light, his whole body seems to shine like the very sun in the sky. In fact, every part of his body was gold in color, including his hair and eyes. The only thing that wasn’t a golden shade is the sword held in his hand ‘Beauty under the Moonlight’. Still silvery and cold, this ancient sword looked all the more mysterious when wrapped around with the pale golden aura.

No longer calm and arrogant, Rosie instinctively reached one of his hands out to grab the sword on his waist!

Rosie had long heard of Rodriguez and his “beauty in the Moonlight”, but until now, he had never thought he would lose even if he encountered this person!

Because…… Never in his wildest dreams did he think someone would advance to the Saint level!!

With his heart sinking to the bottom, Rosie knew very well his own strength is only at the ninth level!!

Perhaps…… Such a saying is too demeaning for someone like him with the title of a sword saint..

On this whole continent, ninth level Knights are few in numbers! For example: prior to Hussein’s appearance, the temple’s strongest knights are only at the ninth level.

Known as the Grey Robed Sword Saint, Rosie only earned his title because of his trademark grey robe. As for the Saint title, it was due to his amazing swordsmanship. In terms of fame, Rosie would not lose out to Rodriguez in any way. However, because of the countless years he spent secluding himself inside the palace, his name is not as prominent in the present day.

Looking at Rodriguez’s legendary sword and the golden Dou Qi, Rosie suddenly swept away the darkness in his eyes. In its place, a form of devotion akin to a religious look appeared in his eyes.

Indeed, it is the light of a Saint Knight! A level he could never reach in this life!

“Your Majesty!” Suddenly turning around, this sword master gave Augustine the 6th a deep and painful look. His voice was not of apathy; instead, it was full of kindness and warmth: “How long have I been by your side?”

“…… In total for 26 years.” From the eyes of Rosie, Augustine the 6th can see something that made him restless with worry. Unable to resist, this ruler of a nation asked: “Rosie, you…..”

“Your Majesty, how many years have we known each other?” On his face, a smile actually appeared.

“…… More than 54 years!” Augustine the 6th suddenly understood the meaning behind his words. His once trembling body jerked upright with force: “54 years! ”

“That’s right, a total of 54 years….” Rosie looked up at the sky as if talking to himself: “At the time, we were still young when we first met inside the frozen forest. In my heart, you are still the same young and fit prince from back then. My good friend, for you, I was willing to stay by your side for 26 years of my life.”

“Ro-Rosie!”

“No, your Majesty, in this world, you are the only person that understands me the best.” Rosie continues to speak in a low voice: “When I was young, I mentioned that my greatest dream is to advance to the level of Sainthood. It’s a shame. This year, I’m already 68 years of age and still couldn’t reach the realm of Sainthood. But God has mercy! Although I couldn’t reach my goal, but at least I have the opportunity to face a real Saint Knight.”

Speaking up to here, Rosie got down on one knee and gave a deep bow with his head: “My lord, in my life, I am very lucky to have been your companion…. But from today onwards, Roxie can no longer accompany you!”

With those words finished, Rosie stood up and turned his back against the emperor. No longer looking back, this person with a warrior’s pride and attitude floated down from the tall platform like a cloud in the air and stood before Rodriguez!

“Saint level expert!” Rosie sounded very serious in his words. Nodding to Rodrigues, he continued speaking: “Thank you for satisfying my life’s desire! For this battle, I waited my entire life!”

With that, he gently pulled out his sword. Made out of the finest steel, this high quality sword wasn’t embedded with any magic gemstone or enchantment. But that’s not all; the hilt had thin marking lines running through the handle, obviously designed for the user to have a better grip during a fight.

Releasing all of his Dou QI, this “Grey robed Sword Saint” was covered in a silvery aura with a faint golden glow…. Unfortunately for him, this faint golden light was far from the true golden Dou Qi of a Saint level master.

It’s obvious this 68-year old warrior is standing at the border of advancing! It’s a shame; this person could never make a break through. In terms of color, Du Wei can tell that this person’s Dou Qi could not even match up to the level of Hussein when they first met in the frozen forest.

However, despite his obvious weakness, this warrior still raised his sword to make a challenge: “Make your move! In the name of a warrior’s dignity, I ask you not to hold back!”

Hearing this, Rodriguez’s face became serious. Despite the obvious gap in their strength, Rodriguez showed no sign of mockery; instead, his eyes were filled with respect.

“As you say and as you wish!”

A golden Dou Qi and a silvery Dou Qi collided together on this day. No matter where one looked, as long as this mix of gold and silver light was present, the souls of bygone warriors echoed with life!



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release



* * *





Chapter 148




The 148th chapter “Gap”

As the two top warriors fought each other, their Dou Qi is neither kind nor forgiving. Under such violent conditions, even the towering palace walls seem to shake with agony under their oppressive rule……

In the imperial capital’s sky, Rosie unreservedly pressed out every drop of his Dou Qi to form a grand light around his body. Under such might, even the sword in his hand hummed with stress at its owner’s power. At this time, every martial expert present can tell this great knight is already pushing his strength to the utmost extreme limit!

A ninth-level knight’s full power erupting at a single moment is not to be trifled with; in fact, it is a terrifying experience for most of the people present. To put it into perspective, the humming sound of Rosie’s sword is in fact the signal that the sword is already at its limit and if pushed any harder, it would shatter like glass.

Unlike the rest of the audience, Rodriguez remained calm in his expression because after their initial clash, he had already grasped the true strength of his opponent. Letting out a soft sigh, he thought: The other side is courting death.

It is clear to Rodriguez that the strength of this grey robed sword saint is far inferior to him. As a Saint level knight, Rodriguez felt like he is currently a humongous giant facing a tiny ant……

This isn’t just Rodriguez being overconfident because after the initial clash of their Dou Qi, Rosie was already injured by the impact. If not for Rosie forcefully keeping it down, he would have already spit out a mouthful of blood due to the injury in his throat!

Beauty under the Moonlight truly deserves to be a called a legendary weapon. Even with the protection of his Dou Qi, Rosie could barely fend off the creeping frost that invaded his body. Like an infection, the terrifying cold air crept along his blade and quickly tried to invade into his body through his arms. If Rosie didn’t resist with everything he had, he would not have survived the chill!

Is… This is true strength of a Saint Knight?

Rosie felt humiliated because he felt the other party didn’t show his real powers yet.

Unable to bare it in his heart, this Grey robed sword saint screams out: “Take out all your strength!”

Before his voice died down, Rosie was already dashing forward with his sword in hand. In this one move, he didn’t make any flashy Dou Qi kills because he finally realized. In the face of a foe that completely exceeds him, those fancy skills are completely useless; the only real way to deal any damage is by brute swordsmanship!

Under the cover of his silvery Dou Qi, Rosie shot out like a beam of light. However, his body suddenly disappeared from the eyes of everyone while still in mid jump!

Like an act of mercy, Rodriguez lets out a sigh.

Swish!

Almost without warning, the image of Rosie striking down with his sword suddenly appeared besides Rodriguez. For all those present, they could not help but feel a sense of emotional respect towards the amazing speed shown before them. Earlier, the act of disappearing from everyone’s naked eyes is a form of deception created by the high velocity he was going at.

But … Rodriguez reacted like he had seen through it all. With one hand tucked behind his back, Rodriguez casually raised his “Beauty under the Moonlight” with the other hand and ‘Keng’, he easily blocked the attack!

Instead of making an impact with his strike, Rosie was sent flying backwards through the air! And because of the severity of his injury earlier, he was no longer able to keep his new injury suppressed after taking this second blow. Spitting out a mouthful of blood like a splurging fountain, even his robe was stained with dots of red!

Without delay, Rosie got up and shouted: “Again!” Showing a strong conviction in his eyes, this “Grey robed sword Saint” once again disappeared in midair.

As soon as Rosie’s voice died down, four images of him attacking Rodriguez at the same time appeared before everyone’s eyes! Known as the “clone strike”, this attack is Rosie’s signature move!

To witness such a grand battle between top martial experts, Du Wei couldn’t keep his eyes away for even a second because it was so enticing!

As a ninth level knight, Rosie’s greatest strength is his speed. By controlling his Dou Qi, he is able to bypass the physical limit imposed by his body!

So although it may look like there is four Rosie’s attacking at the same time, but it is only an after image created by the unbelievable speed he was moving at!

“EH…… Change of tactics?” Rodriguez shakes his head in disappointment: “It’s no use!”

The next moment following Rodriguez word is not only weird, but unbelievable! Especially in Du Wei’s eyes, even his heart skipped a beat as if he was enlightened by what he saw!

In terms of knowledge about a Saint level fighter, Du Wei can easily take first place on the continent. Hussein, Gandalf, and the dragon chieftain, these are all Saint level people in his list! This is especially true for that dragon chieftain because the strength of that four legged lizard is already at a grisly level. After witnessing so many battles between Saint level fighters, Du Wei could never fully grasp the secret behind their strength. Maybe it was because the battles were always fought between Saint level foes?

However, in the Battle between Rodriguez and Rosie, Du Wei can clearly see the difference between an ordinary person and a Saint level warrior!

For this is the “rule”!

In terms of speed, Rosie is definitely unmatched throughout the continent. But a freaky and strange scene unfolded before everyone’s eyes:

Rodriguez sighs: “Change of moves? It’s no use” After saying this, everything in the close vicinity of Rodriguez seems to slow to a crawl!

Although it was obvious the Grey Robed swordsman was attacking at a dashing speed, but the moment his sword was about to make contact, space and time seems to distort…….

In that moment, Du Wei felt very uncomfortable as he watched on. As a matter of fact, his heart was suffering from so much pain that he wanted to vomit blood!

At the time, Du Wei didn’t know, but Rodriguez had distorted the very fabric of space near himself. That’s why he felt so uncomfortable because his mental spirit that was probing Rodriguez was also distorted under the might of the Saint level warrior!

For a Saint level warrior to create a distortion in space, how can he so easily allow others to probe him?!

Du Wei was so entranced by all this that he didn’t even realize his face was turning pale at an alarming pace. Before long, his eyes blanked out due to the stress of overusing his mental spirit. Collapsing to the floor, Du Wei’s sudden movement quickly alarmed his father that was standing by his side.

Turning around, Earl Raymond saw his son lying motionless on the floor. Shocked by this, he quickly reached out his hands to pull Du Wei up.

After being pulled from the floor, Du Wei opened his eyes to see the worried face of his father. Knowing something was not right, Du Wei secretly poured some energy out of the five colored ring on his finger to replenish his energy.

It was at this moment, the battle finally ceded a winner!

Rodriguez finally makes his move!

He didn’t know why, but Rosie’s long “clone strike” looked like it was stuck in a never ending vortex of time. It was obvious to everyone present that the distance between the two was very short, but it somehow felt like Rosie could never reach his foe even after 10,000 years! The audience may not know why, but Du Wei understood the secret.

Different from Rosie’s dashing speed; Rodriguez movement was so slow that it was clear to the naked eye!

Slowly but surely, Rodriguez raised his legendary sword and stabbed into the first clones left arm, then the right arm of the second clone, then the left leg for the third, and finally the right leg for the last clone.

Then a golden light flashed and the Grey robed sword Saint was sent flying backwards again!

When Rosie fell on the floor, his arms and legs were already broken with blood spraying out like a fountain!

It was obvious Rosie is suffering from a fatal injury, but his face looked so calm unlike the usual painful expression you would expect from a dying person….

“I…… Seem to understand.” With a faint smile, this dying grey robed swordsman used the last of his strength to utter these words before swallowing his last breath.

The audience fell into a deathly silence!

The gap! It is a gap that is so widely divided that one would think it is impossible to cross! Known as the Grey robed Sword Saint Rosie, this ninth level knight is practically at the very peak of his field.

However, in front of a true Saint level Knight, his outstanding swordsmanship and strength could not even resist a single attack!

Facing the already dead Rosie, Rodriguez resheathed his legendary sword and walked up to his former foe. In a whispering voice: “I granted your wish, may you rest in peace.”

Afterwards, this Saint level expert turned around to catch a glimpse at the crown prince: “I have finished your request. From today onwards, I do not owe you anything.”

With that, this Saint level Knight left with a faint smile on his face. Shrouded in a golden light, Rodriguez flew into the air without looking back.





If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release



* * *





Chapter 149




The 149th chapter “very suddenly”

This is wrong!

This is very wrong!

Feeling a weird aching pull in his heart, Du Wei felt all of this didn’t quite match up to the situation. Turning his head, he finally understood why when he caught a glimpse of Prince Son!

After witnessing the duel between Rodriguez and the suicidal attempt by the Grey robed sword saint, his reaction is too calm!

And during the entire fight, he just sat quietly on the side line.

Long before this day, Du Wei and Prince Son had already known about Rodriguez strength, so why didn’t he do anything to stop this fight from happening?

In fact, his eyes looked like he was all the more glad that the event unfolded in such a manner!

…… Can it be that Prince Son also wanted Rosie to die in battle?

Illogical! This is too illogical!!

When Du Wei peered over at Prince Son, he was somewhat caught off guard when he realized his gaze was being met by the other party. From their brief contact, Du Wei can see a little…..

There’s no doubt about it, it’s a smile!

Sighing in his heart, Du Wei believes his father’s plan won’t go so smoothly.

The Crown Prince takes in a deep breath and looked up at Augustine the 6th: “Father!”

The old Emperor showed a deep pain on his face when the red robed Mage behind him whispered: “Your Majesty, it’s for the best that you return.”

Subsequently, this red robed wizard slowly stepped forward and faced the Crown Prince: “Your highness, am I amazed that you can make a Saint level warrior fight for you…. However, I still want to give it a try. Do you have anyone under you that can also kill a Mage?!”

The Crown Prince sighs in disappointment: “I’ve also received your tutelage when I was young Mr.Gelunxiaer, will you really give me a hard time too?”

“I’m sorry.” The red robed Wizard Gelunxiaer shakes his head: “I’m a Court magician. My loyalty lies solely to his Majesty. You can either watch on as I send his majesty back to the palace, or….. You can send out a subordinate to kill me.”

It was in this moment, the silent Prince Son finally spoke up.

This handsome Prince gave a bow to this red robed wizard, his attitude clearly polite and gracious: “Teacher, may I say a few words?”

Teacher?

Du Wei immediately recalled the stories about this Prince. Under the approval of his majesty, this prince never liked to learn martial arts since he was young; instead, he likes to learn magic. From the looks of it, this red robed court magician is Prince Son’s teacher.

“Your Highness, do you have anything to say?”

Prince Son gave a faint smile: “Teacher, in terms of martial experts, my brother has a mighty warrior like Rodriguez, but when it comes to the problem of mages, please let me handle it.”

With the status of a prince and to so openly make such a request, Gelunxiaer had no other choice but to accept it under such circumstances. Also, when he looked over at the old emperor, his majesty didn’t object. Nodding in agreement without saying anything, Gelunxiaer knew that his student wouldn’t propose something like this without some kind of backup plan in place already. After all, Gelunxiaer did watch over Prince Son since he was a child, so he naturally understood his student’s personality very well.

Getting the go ahead, Prince Son turned around to face his entourage. Nodding, he began to speak in a respectful tone: “Now is the time for you sirs to show your mystical powers.”

Behind his highness originally stood a bunch of courtly waiters, but when his voice died down, the front row stepped aside to reveal two old geezers. Coming to the front, these two old gramps gently removed their outer robe to reveal their inner dress robes:

Mage robe!

But…… White!

“Grand Wizards!” The surrounding people began to gasp with excitement and shock!

White Mage robes are only worn by eighth level or higher magicians!

Even the Red robed Wizard Gelunxiaer was a bit surprised when he made out the faces of the two mysterious allies. Giving a approving nod, this leader of the court mages gave a respectful salute: “So it is Mage Rafael and Mage Leonard.”

On the chest of these two white robed Mages hung a badge symbolizes their eighth level status, obviously issued from the magic union headquarters!

Struck with a thought, Du Wei recalled the day when he met Prince Son outside the magic union headquarters.

…… Can the magic union with their transcendental status also want to be involved in this royal coup??

Prince Son is now supported by the magic union?

Watching the enigmatic smile from Prince Son, Du Wei became a little worried about his father. Although their relationship may not be at peace, but Du Wei understood full well what the consequences would be if they were to fail.

By openly revel, his father is clearly betting the future of their family on the Crown Prince. If they succeeded, then they would receive glory and honor unmatched in the coming years.

But if they failed…… Then that is the end!

But now Prince Son is openly supported by the magic union…… Thus, the heavily tilted scale towards the crown prince seems to be losing weight.

With the two grand mages from the magic union, Gelunxiaer still had some doubts, but his face clearly looked better. Their numbers may not have grown by much, but under the right conditions, a grand wizard can hold off tens of thousands of elite soldiers!

“HA HA HA HA HA HA!” Although the Crown Prince was somewhat surprised by the sudden appearance of the two Grand Wizard, but there was no hint of horror on his face. After giving out a good laugh, this Crown Prince pinned his sight on the two white robed Mage and sneered: “Who would have ever thought this! I thought the magic union never intervenes in any political struggle! Can it be that president Dorgan suddenly wants to give up the thousand year old tradition in the magic union?”

The two white-haired Mage gave each other a look first before Mage Rafael spoke up: “Your highness, you should understand very well why the president is supporting the young prince.” The way this old man talked and looked really made him stand out, in fact, the swaying white hair made him seem beyond the constraints of the mortal realm.

“Of course I understand.” The Crown Prince laughed coldly: “This little brother of mine had always liked magic, so the magic union would naturally support him. If he somehow ascends the throne, the future of the magic union would of course also rise under his influence! Humph….. For the magic union to so openly get involved, isn’t the president worried there would be negative effects in the future?”

Master Raphael was about to speak up in response, but master Leonard on the side cut in before he could. This person looked extremely thin with a pair of triangle shaped eyes that gave off an extremely disturbing sensation. In an extremely arrogant and cold tone, this master Leonard began to speak:

Ha, aren’t you afraid of the negative effects when you set off this coup? Humph, any more words is meaningless. If you have any mages under you, why not ask them to come out?!”

When he finished his words, this ill-tempered master Leonard raised his hand to summon his wand. Made out of a walnut tree branch, this specially crafted wand was embedded with a deep blue magic gemstone at the end, clearly for water based magic. Stimulating his energy, a wave of sparkling blue aura wrapped around his body: “Come on then your highness! Let me see if there is any mage left on this continent that can still challenge the status of the magic union!”

The Crown Prince didn’t care much about these words, but the red robed Gelunxiaer on the other hand showed quite a bit of dissatisfaction on his face. After all, although the magic union is universally recognized as the De facto leader in the field of magic, but the court mages is not under the magic union. In the thousand year history of the court mages, they have always been able to somewhat stand on par with the magic union. Therefore, when Leonard made such a comment to pressure the Crown Prince, he had inadvertently offended this leader of the court mages.

The Crown Prince quietly looked at the two mages from the magic union, his face showing some frustration as if he was struggling to make a decision. After a moment, he finally sighed: “In that case, I have no other choice then.”

With that, the Crown Prince suddenly raised his head to look up at the sky. As if bowing to thin air, his tone and body movement looked extremely respectful: “Sir, it seems I will need to ask for your aid.”

After a moment of silence, a gentle laugh floated into the ears of the audience. Though the voice seemed old, but the tone in the voice cannot be hidden,,,, And that is PRIDE!

“Well then, let it be as you like!”

Who knows where this voice came from because it was coming from every direction of the square!

After the sound died down, a mysterious green flame burst forth in the middle of the sky above the palace. As of the flames cracked the very fabric of reality, a green shadowy figure came forth!

Donning a green mage robe, the color had a hint of sadness in its shade as if reflecting the person’s personality. But that’s not all, this person was green from top to bottom, including his pointy hat, that even the flute on his waist was green!

Du Wei was stunned because he felt like he had heard of this getup from somewhere before.

However, after waiting for the mage to come down from the sky, Du Wei’s complexion immediately changed to that of a crazed man!

“Gan, Gandalf?!?”

This low mutter of his did not attract the attention of those near him, but the shock in his heart is not something words can describe!

This mage that suddenly fell from the sky looked exactly like the already deceased legendary mage Gandalf!!!!!

After watching this mysterious wizard come down from the sky, even the ill-tempered grand mage Leonard became stunned with shock after recognizing who this person is. Letting out a ‘WAHHING cry as he dropped his wand, this old timer flopped to the floor with his knees and prostrated himself on the floor. Using the most respectful tone he could muster, this person tried to speak despite stumbling in his words:

“Gan-dalf-tea-cher-you are still alive!”

The moment his words came out, the audience soared into a uproar!

Gandalf? The number one most powerful Mage on the continent Gandalf?!



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release





* * *





Chapter 150




The 150th chapter “green robed Gandalf”

When Master Leonard fell to the ground and shouted out the mind blowing name, Du Wei was in turmoil. Gazing at the green robed Mage standing before everyone, he tried his best to look for any unfamiliarity.

But all was in vain! The facial features on this Green-robed Mage are virtually the same as the Gandalf from his memory!

Twins, or someone pretending?

In a flash, countless ideas popped into his mind.

“Leonard.” The Green-robed Mage squinted his eyes and looked at the prostrating mage in front of him. With a smile, his voice carried a strange dryness:

“I haven’t seen you for many years, but you aged a lot.”

The arrogant Leonard no longer had any of the haughty air around himself; instead, he is just like a little schoolboy in front of his teacher.

“For you to be here, it must be because of that Dorgan, right? Hmm, if it’s like this, then that means you wish to fight me, right?” The laugh from this green robed mage was even more eerie than before.

Hearing this, Leonard cried out with his hands waving left and right in panic: “I wouldn’t dare! Student would never dare! Where in the world would I find the nerve to fight with teacher!”

“What about you then?” Turning his gaze, this green robed magician faced Master Raphael standing nearby: “I remember you. You are called Raphael, right? Hmm, back when I was still in the magic union, you were still only a sixth level mage. After 20 years, even you are donning a white robe now.”

Raphael’s forehead was already covered in sweat. He may not be a disciple of Gandalf, but as a genuine mage from the magic union, how can he not know of Gandalf’s great name?

As the universally recognized number one Mage on the continent, Gandalf doesn’t even need to be number one in terms of magical strength. Just measuring the influence he has, Gandalf is definitely number one that transcends everyone in this generation! Currently in the magic union, Dorgan is considered to be the head of the magic union, but if one were to count prestige and influence, then Gandalf is absolutely far beyond this so called president! For example, all those weird monsters living in the core tower of the magic union may be loyal to the president on the surface, but that doesn’t necessarily mean they will obey the president’s order when asked! In fact, whenever president Dorgan meets with one of those truly powerful old monsters, he would always show his respect without any intent of offending them! And let’s not forget some of those old monsters are direct disciples of Gandalf! That’s why even if the president were to issue a call to everyone inside the tower; those old monsters may not necessarily answer depending on their mood. But if Gandalf made the call, they would definitely answer!

In fact, it’s no exaggeration to say that if Gandalf were to call upon the aid of all those old monsters, every one of them would side with the Crown Prince immediately!

Just imagining this terrifying scene is enough to make Raphael sweat uncontrollably. After all, he is a direct subordinate of the president, so of course he will obey the president’s order. But who in the world would think such a legendary figure would suddenly show up at such a bad timing……

Suddenly, Raphael’s eyes inadvertently swept across the platform to where Du Wei and his father is located. Seeing the black robe on him, Raphael had his senses knocked back into him! There is no doubt Master Gandalf has already passed away because even the life stone stored inside the magic union has shattered! As a close disciple of Gandalf, that little kid from the Rowling Household even confirmed this…..

Fake! This must be fake!

He may be thinking this, but in the early years of his life, Raphael had also seen Gandalf in person. That’s why after being left with a deep impression, he is also familiar with the outer appearance of Gandalf. Now that he is facing this green robed mage in front of him, how can he possibly utter the word “fake”?

“Rafael, why aren’t you speaking?” The green robed wizard squinted his eyes: “Can it be that after not seeing me for so many years, the Mages from the magic union have all become mutes?”

“No.” Rafael wipes away his sweat. Looking up, he suddenly cried out: “But I heard Master Gandalf you have already…… Passed away….. Your direct disciple from the Rowling Household even confirmed this point. Also, the thing that was stored in the magic union…..”

“The life stone, right?” The Green-robed Gandalf sneered: “It’s just a damn rock with my marking so how can it possibly control me! Humph….. Since you are saying this, then you must also be suspecting I’m a fake, right?”

Rafael naturally can’t say anything to refute this; instead, it was the chief of the court mages that showed a cold indifference towards this “Gandalf” that suddenly showed up. For Gelunxiaer, his thought was much simpler because he is not of the magic union. Even if this self-proclaimed Gandalf is real, he is the chief of the court mages, so there is no reason for him to yield especially during this coup! The only problem is that with the appearance of this Gandalf, his heart is really in shock!

Scouring the entire continent, there shouldn’t be many others that can match him here today in terms of strength because he should at least be a ninth level mage if measured by the grading status of the magic union. In his mind, Gelunxiaer is not surprised that he couldn’t detect the presence of the two white robed mages hiding under Prince Son because they weren’t using magic at the time, but it’s entirely different for this Green robed Mage!

For this Gandalf, he was clearly hiding in the sky while using his magic! To be fooled so heavily, Gelunxiaer is certain this person’s level can only be higher or equal to him.

Thinking up to here, Gelunxiaer made up his mind and coldly looked at the green robed mage: “Sir, regardless of whether or not you are truly the already deceased Gandalf, it does not matter to me in such an occasion. The only thing that matters is your stance on the situation. If you must support the traitorous Crown Prince, then I will not step down even if you are the president of the magic union!”

At this point, this chief of the court mages was suddenly struck with an idea. Turning his head, he looked towards the platform where the people from the Rowling Household were located: “Earl Raymond! Your son claimed to be the disciple of Gandalf and even lied about the death of his master! For such a crime of cheating the magic union, I like to see how you will deal with the trouble that is certain to follow in the future!”

Du Wei sighed because he knew the other side would never let him off so easily.

Once these words were uttered, even Earl Raymond’s expression changed at the realization. After all, if this Gandalf is real, then it would be great for the Crown Prince, but that doesn’t mean it would be good for the Rowling Household. Once the matter is over, the magic union would no doubt pursue the matter and the Crown Prince wouldn’t infuriate the magic union just for his son’s sake even if they are part of the same side.

“Du Wei, what the hell is going on?” Earl Raymond’s expression looked dark as he faced his son. Du Wei didn’t say anything in return because he instantly knew the meaning behind his father’s words:

Admitting to the identity of this Gandalf would without a doubt help the Crown Prince in his coup, but that would mean screwing himself over!

Can it be that his father wishes to give him up?

It wasn’t just Du Wei that had a change of emotion. The always calm and relaxed Prince Son is clearly showing a hint of agitation in his voice when this mysterious Gandalf suddenly showed up. For him, it wasn’t easy to use his influence to get the support of the magic union! Without hesitating, he cried out in a loud voice: “Du Wei you are the last person to see Master Gandalf! Now that such a person appeared before us, aren’t you going to explain?”

With those few words, the attention of everyone in the square is focused on Du Wei.

As the scene turned into an embarrassing atmosphere, the green robed mage suddenly laughed out loudly. His once squinting eyes opened wide to show an overwhelming presence. Then from his body, an undeniable wave of power burst forth and covered the entire square. No matter the level, any mage present would without a doubt recognize the magnitude of this move.

“Hahaha! This is too funny! Just because I don’t show up for a few years, I can’t even prove my own identity now? That’s fine! Fine! I am I; I don’t need others to prove it!”

With that, he raised one of his hands into the air to summon a staff embedded with an emerald green crystal. Facing Master Leonard on the ground, this green robed mage said: “Leonard, stand up!”

Hearing this, Leonard began to tremble as he obediently stood up. He may have gotten up, but this white haired old mage couldn’t even straighten his body.

“Pick up your staff! Humph, that Dorgan instructed you to go against the Crown Prince today, right? Very well, pick up your wand and have a fight with me then!”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release





* * *





Chapter 151




The 151th chapter “magician’s battle” (part one)

“I wouldn’t dare!” Leonard shook his head again and again. Watching the Gandalf in front of him, he would of course reserve some doubt. After all, the shattering of his teacher’s life stone is already confirmed. Maybe teacher has some kind of ability to avoid the detection of the life stone, but…..

“Teacher.” Leonard hesitated for a second: “If you must help the Crown Prince, then disciple wouldn’t dare raise a fist against you.” After saying that, this person clearly intends to stay neutral to both sides.

“Very good.” Green-robed Gandalf looked a little kinder in his expression. Then taking another look at Leonard, he said: “Though you still retain some doubts about my identity, but you did go against Dorgan’s wishes. For that, I won’t blame you.” Turning his head around, he faced Raphael, “What about you?”

“It’s a shame, the president gave clear orders. Even if you are Master Gandalf, I’ll still have to….” Raphael hesitated for a moment before taking out his wand. Moving next to Prince Son, this white robed grand mage stood firmly in his place.

The Royal Court magician Gelunxiaer and the white robed grand mage Raphael each took to a corner to face off against this Gandalf. Despite being outnumbered, this green robed mage didn’t show any form of fear, instead, there was only a hint of disdain on his face.

“Du Wei, can it be that you really don’t have any words?” Earl Raymond whispers this to his son.

Du Wei looked cold as he lifted his face to look at his father: “Father, what do you want me to say? Prove that he is the real deal? Or prove that he is a fake?”

Earl Raymond was stumped. Facing his eldest son, he could not even come up with a single fitting word in this situation. Clearly left without a choice, he has no other option but to make this Gandalf the real deal because for the family, they can only hope for the Crown Prince to succeed. It would seem the future trouble coming out of the magic union will likely befall on this son of his.

The impending battle between three mighty mages is about to unfold. A chief of the court mages and an eighth level grand mage teaming up against the legendary magister of the continent! Everyone present is fully aware of the terror that could unfold between a Mages battles; for that, all those noble aristocrats are slowly retreating behind their bodyguards out of fear. In mere moments, the entire central square was completely bare to be used in the upcoming fight between the three.

Without waiting, a rapid and short spell began to be chanted out of Rafael’s mouth. No matter what, he is a genuine grand mage from the magic union, so he would of course show some self-restraint before making his move. Creating a barrier around the entire central square, he was especially careful when constructing the barrier around the area of both the old emperor and the young prince.

The green robed Gandalf didn’t bother to disturb him in his spell chant and simply looked on with cold eyes as if he was bored. As for the court mage Gelunxiaer, he had already jumped down from the main platform and pulled out a powerful magic scroll. Burning with light, a dazzling brightness immediately emerged to enshroud the general area around the old emperor. This is a high leveled barrier scroll that is similar to the one Du Wei had in his possession. Unfortunately for him, he had already used his in the battle between the death mage.

First one to make a move is Gelunxiaer! This Court mage is indeed different from the regular mages that is so commonly seen on this continent. Without any need for a staff, this person wore a full set of different colored rings on his ten fingers as his main weapon. In a flash, an arc of light quickly swept towards the carefree looking green robed Gandalf. Despite this impressive display of magic, Gandalf only needed to casually lift his staff in hand to conjure forth a pack of golden birds. Circling back and forth around his body, these things acted like a magic barrier.

This movement slowing spell of Gelunxiaer was only an extra measure on his end to avoid the off chance of being attacked by the enemy in his spell casting. Despite his extra efforts, Gandalf only gave a leisurely expression for all of this and didn’t even attempt to attack him at this important time. In his heart, he was frightened and surprised at how much lack of enthusiasm the other side was showing. Moving his fingers at the fastest possible speed he could muster, Gelunxiaer created an arc of light around his hand and shot forth three rays of beam into the ground. In mere moments, the ground ruptured like something was crawling out of it. Out of the three respective holes in the ground, a giant earth, fire, and water elemental came forth!

Crawling out of the ground, these three magical creatures roared into the sky as a form of intimidation. Then facing the still unmoving Gandalf, these three beings took on a hostile stance. Seeing this, the relaxed looking Gandalf smiled with delight: “So you specialize in summoning elementals eh…… To be able to summon forth three elementals at the same time, that is already very good.”

Still looking calm, he waved his staff a little. As if reacting to his action, the golden birds immediately gave out a sharp call before condensing into a golden beam of light. Like deathly swirls of light, these beams shot towards the giant earth elemental!

With a dignified face, Gelunxiaer began chanting a set of incantations not understandable by the audience. Immediately, a glow of green light wrapped around the body of the earth elemental as it desperately absorbed the top layer of soil underneath its body. When the light made contact with this magical creature, the attack showed no clear signs of having any damaging effect; instead, it began to wrap itself like a rope onto the hulking mass of earth.

Binding? Gelunxiaer became startled as he watched on, uncertain of what the other party intended. Struggling to control both the fire and water element, he instructed these creatures to attack the unmoving Gandalf.

Opening its giant mouth to spit out a blast of flame, the heat from the fire elemental could even be felt by the audience that was watching from the distance. Still smiling, Gandalf lifted his staff to shoot out a ray of light in front of himself. When it made contact, the blast of flame was easily cut in half and deflected to the side: “Let me think a bit. Going up against a fire elemental, what should I use….. Oh yes, let me show you my fire creatures!”

With that, he clapped his hand and began whistling with his mouth. As if unable to withstand the shockwave of his clap, a crack appeared in the air. Without waiting, a high pitched chirping sound reached the ears of everyone and a giant red flaming bird flew out from the distortion! Spanning three meters, this sharp clawed giant bird quickly swooped towards the fire elemental and became entangled together.

Then Gandalf cleverly flicked his staff at the water elemental. Immediately, silvery flash of light swept towards the water elemental. Without waiting, the movement of the magic elemental slowed to a crawl and gradually began to freeze over. Carrying a faint smile, Gandalf began to whistle again and actually called forth a ice demon wolf! This magical beast is not a creature that is normally capable of handling a water elemental, but it is a different story under such circumstances. Letting out a howl, this ice demon wolf dashed forward and began chipping away at the partially frozen water elemental.

Using everything within his arsenal, Gelunxiaer is already at his limits by controlling the three elementals at once. For those on the side, it was obvious with a glance which of the two masters is more power.

Rafael originally refused to get involved due to his status, but after seeing the complete disadvantage faced by the chief of the court mages, he had no other choice but to step in. Picking up his staff, he began to draw a six cornered star on the floor. Flashing with lightning towards the sky, several streams of different offensive spells sprouted out at the same time and aimed straight for the enemy.

Gandalf faintly laughs: “You are also making your move?”

He suddenly tossed aside the control over his previous spells and summons. Without needing to chant any form of spell, this green robed Gandalf actually summoned forth countless forms of barriers in front of himself. Green, white, and various other colored barriers quickly stacked against each other. Du Wei cannot see very clearly because of the overlapping colors, but even he can tell the barriers are not in any way weaker than the guardian spirit barrier that was in his possession. Upon impact with the array of attacks from Raphael, the numerous barriers was easily able to defend its user from any harm because when one broke, the next one behind will take its place without delay.

Rafael didn’t give up. Raising his staff into the air, he began to shoot out another round of attacks. Under the violent bombardment, Gandalf still remained unharmed under the protection of the numerous barriers protecting him. After a gorgeous light show of countless explosions, Gandalf finally made his move and started shoot out a multitude of beams at Rafael. As much as he tried, this white robed grand mage could not resist even after drying out his tongue from over chanting!



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release





* * *





Chapter 152




The 152th chapter “Completely Shatter”

Quivering in his mind, Earl Raymond couldn’t even bring himself to look Du Wei in the eyes.

Unable to bear it, the Earl tilted his head to the side as he whispered: “You… Also thought of this?”

“Yes, I did, and I feel the situation now is the best timing.” Still with a smile on his face, Du Wei then lifted up his mage robe to pull out a knife from his bosom!

Holding the dagger with both of his hands, the young teen pointed it at his father and spoke with a gentle smile: “You see father? Since you are unable to make the decision, then let me give you a hand!”

Finishing his words, Du Wei suddenly tried to stab the dagger at the Earl without effort!

Earl Raymond closed his eyes as he painfully sighed. When he did this, he also seems to hear the same sound coming from captain Alpha from his side.

When the Earl opened his eyes, Alpha was already in front of him with his sword drawn. As for his son, he could see a series of blood droplets trickling down from Du Wei’s shoulder.

Writhing in pain, even the wrinkles on Du Wei’s forehead could be seen. Still, Du Wei kept the same gentle smile on his face as looked straight into the Earl’s eyes: “You see? How simple was that? The matter is not that complicated, right?”

With that, he turned around and walked far, far away… Jumping down from the platform, he landed right on top of the blue slated floor of the central square.

Subsequently, Du Wei took in a deep breath before uttering a loud cry: “You!!!”

This shout was aimed directly at the green robed Gandalf in the middle of the central square.

After sweeping through the audience with his gaze earlier, no one in the audience dared to challenge this Green robed Gandalf anymore. But when Du Wei cried out at this moment, he managed to catch the attention of everyone present.

“You!” Du Wei pointed his finger towards Gandalf before speaking his next words: “I can prove it! You are a fake!”

This one sentence rumbled through the ears of the entire audience!

Just when everyone was in the middle of being awestruck by this green robed Gandalf, this thin and weak looking teenage suddenly came out into the square. With countless eyes of surprise, shock, fear, or disdain, everyone had their eyes fixed right on Du Wei as he slowly walked forward.

“You.” Without any effort to camouflage the disdain on his face, Du Wei kept pointing his finger at this green robed Gandalf: “I can prove it, you are a fake! Moreover, you said earlier who else wants to try, right?”

The smile on Du Wei’s face showed no signs of fear as he pointed at his own nose: “I want to give it a shot!”

“Earl Raymond!” The Crown Prince abruptly turned around and fixed his gaze right up towards the chief of the Rowling Household, his eyes full of questioning and anger.

Barely keeping his body straight, the Earl sighed softly before taking a deep breath. In a loud but clear voice, he began speaking: “Your highness….. This is my son, also my eldest son.”

“Of course I know he is your son!” The eyes of the Crown Prince burned with rage: “But why is your son doing this?!”

Not replying immediately, the Earl showed traces of pain in his eyes as he spoke in a slow monotone voice: “When he was born, I was still serving the empire in the southeastern ocean. For the empire, I slaughtered all those indigenous tribes living on the islands. For the empire, I wasn’t present in his younger years. By the time I returned, he was already all grown up. Sadly, I never favored this son of mine and even went as far as to kick him out of the capital. But fate would not let it be. In the end, he returned……”

Speaking up to the word “Returned”, Earl Raymond gave the Crown Prince a deep and piercing gaze. Under this impressive gaze, even the Crown Prince was stirring in his heart.

Yes, he returned…… Also not by my choice but yours! If you did not force me to call him back, he would still be my son even if he is not favored by me! But by calling him back….. I ended up pushing him to this point! Although his face remained calm, the Earl was secretly crying in his heart.

“It is this son of mine that sabotaged your big plans two days ago.” His voice took on a more serious tone: “For this event, my son went against my will and became good friends with his highness Son…. Also, he became a member of the magic union….. So…..” The audience may not see it, but the Earl was squeezing his hand so tightly behind his back that even the veins were popping up on his arm! One word at a time, he slowly spit out his next words with absolute clarity: “From today onwards, Du Wei Rowling is no longer my son! I repeat! From here on out, he is formally evicted from Rowling Household! All his sins, errors, and all his misgivings will be shouldered solely by him!”

Finally, Earl Raymond’s expression suddenly took on a shaky color. Nonetheless, this Rowling Household patriarch pushed on and met the Crown Prince with decisive eyes: “If he dare go against your highness today, I will not say anything even if you kill him on the spot!”

When Earl Raymond finished the last of his words, Du Wei already had his eyes closed with the sun shining on his face because he suddenly felt the light was unbearable harsh on him today.



(The following paragraphs are Du Wei’s thoughts)

Yes, that’s right…… This is the right course of action father. HA-HA…… Isn’t it really simple?!

With his back facing his father, Du Wei no longer looked back.

Yes, that’s right father. For the good of the entire family, I must be sacrificed!

How can I possibly compete with your grand plan of supporting the Crown Prince? In fact, I personally prevented the assassination attempt on the young prince. If in the future the Crown Prince does take the crown, there is no way he would fully trust you as long as I live! Such a situation cannot be allowed…. Father, back when we had the talk in the study room, you already had this in mind…. This is point one!

Also… What is my identity? A Magician and a member of the Magic Unions!

This is a joke…… What a cruel joke! When I enter this new magic school in the future, wouldn’t I have to help the new emperor pursue his interest? If I do that, wouldn’t the family be stuck in the crossfire between the royal family and the magic union? With both sides aiming at the family, the Rowling Household will not survive even if this coup succeeds! This is the second point!

And now today this Gandalf suddenly jumped out of nowhere. Regardless of the outcome, the magic union will not let it slide! The crime of pretending to be the disciple of Gandalf and faking the death of the number one Magister of the continent! HA-HA! With all these charges, how can I possibly stay in the family? For all these crimes, the right thing to do is to bear it alone! Moreover, if the Crown Prince succeeds in his coup, he will definitely believe this Gandalf is the real deal! What irony! If this green robed Gandalf is real, then what about me? This is the third point!

Also, the most appropriate move in this situation is to openly break apart from your own son. Once you have disowned me, the Crown Prince will see it as your way of showing absolute devotion! For this loyalty, the Rowling Household will be forever favored as long as the Crown Prince sits on the throne!

In the last conversation they had, Du Wei is certain his father already had the intention of doing this…. But to stall it up till this point, Du Wei believes his father still holds some feelings for him, right?

Well, a little bit, just a little bit……

Thinking about this, Du Wei opened his eyes to face the harsh sunlight.

The light may be harsh, but once it is endured long enough, wouldn’t it become the norm again? Hehe……

Looking at the green robed Gandalf standing in front of him from a distance, he noticed the other side was also looking at him with eyes of curiosity.

Just like this, one large and one small wizard inspected each other for a good while. Suddenly, this green robed Gandalf started give out a very odd laugh.

“You are my last disciple?”

“That’s right, I am.” Du Wei spoke with a light voice: “To be accurate, I am not your ‘disciple’ but Gandalf’s disciple.”

After a long pause, this green robed wizard suddenly sighed in a very odd way: “It seems like I took on a really good apprentice…. Hmm, that thing on your head, Chris gave it to you, right?”

Raising an eyebrow Du Wei was somewhat surprised: “Oh, you also know about Chris…… Humph, it seems like all of the continent’s top experts know about that old guy and his identity. For someone like that, wouldn’t it be wiser to keep a low profile?!”

With strangeness in his eyes, this green robed wizard continued to speak: “I know him because I am really Gandalf.”

“Ludicrous!” Du Wei suddenly cried out a hard laugh. Then in front of thousands of onlookers, he raised a finger and pointed straight at this green robed mage: “Nonsense! If you are Gandalf, then I am Aragon!”

If you are Gandalf, then I am Aragon……

These words reverberated in the sky as the young teenager brazenly laughed without restraint. Unknown to him, he didn’t know the significance of his words at the time of saying this…..

Listening to the mockery of this juvenile, this green robed wizard showed no sign of anger. Instead, he simply shook his head back and forth as if disappointed: “You really want to fight with me? For what? You can just get out of here like this. On the count of you being my apprentice, I won’t make it difficult for you. Also, I promise you none here will either. If the Crown prince changes his mind, I’m certain I can change his mind.”

“No need.” Du Wei shakes his head: “I don’t want to leave this place.”

Completely break apart from his family.

His own existence for the family was a mistake, a baggage, a burden! Only by totally leaving the family will they gain the greatest interest.

Mother, I use this method to follow through on my oath is not a mistake, right?

Du Wei suddenly turned around and looked up at Prince Son standing there with his signature smile. In a loud voice, he cried out a laugh: “Prince Son, you still have room on your side? I think that despite my low level of strength, I can still be of value to you, right?”

Still donning his gentle smile, Prince Son replied in a delightful voice: “You are most welcomed here.”

Nodding, Du Wei had a face of self-mockery: “Well then, if you manage to take the crown, what title can you give me?”

The young prince suddenly broke out into a fitting laugh. Then turning to give his father Augustine the 6th a glance, he cried out:

“Du Wei, if you help me take the crown, I will bestow upon you the title of a Duke! In my life, I have always liked the Tulip flower…. I knight thee Grand Duke of Tulip! As long as my flag flies in the sky, I swear to you that the Tulip name will never face a time of decline on this continent!”



If you like this translation, consider donating for extra release



* * *





Chapter 158




The 158th chapter “Viciously…… Merciless…..”

The black air around the dark mage is already at the level of where it is drawing close to the point of having a physical body. For such a thing to happen, a regular dark mage would never be able to achieve such a feat.

If the Mages in the audience was only “suspecting” his identity before, then now, they are certain of his true face after being exposed to the light of the divine mirror!

The Dark Mage naturally also heard of the powers of the Divine mirror, but at such close distances, he didn’t have times to evade. After a brief moment of silence, a series of fierce shouts erupted through the square!

“Death Mage! This guy is a Death Mage!!”

“A wicked and evil Death Mage! Hurry and go summon the Magic Enforcement team!”

“Evil Dark Mage, purify him!”

“Kill him! Kill him! Release those poor souls imprisoned by him!”

“Kill! Kill…… ”

Wave after waves of shouting came out from the Crown Prince’s side. More specifically, the voices were coming out of all the Mages!

Just like this, the Mages colluding with the Crown Prince up till now all turned sides. Flying out from their respected camps, around seven to eight intermediate level Mages stood out in the square with chilling eyes staring straight at the Death Mage still hovering in the air. Not hiding their intents, their hostility and genuine hate is unabashedly showing through their eyes and faces!

The Crown Prince immediately became shocked; after all, he is not a fool. Churning his brain, he also thought up the reason for this. But in his mind, he never could have imagined they would turn on him so easily after he spent so much effort and time endorsing them up till now. Truly, how can a single Death mage cause so much hate that every single one of them would oppose him?!

This titanic change in an instant is enough to make the Crown Prince turn completely white. In a scolding voice, he yelled: “You…… What are you doing?!”

These Mages employed by the nobles under the Crown Prince are mostly intermediate level Mages. Whether it is food or money, these people only took and never gave anything in return…… And now that it has come to this critical moment, they didn’t even bash an eye brow when turning…. WHAT BEASTS!!!

Furthermore, master Leonard that has been quiet up till now from the sudden appearance of Gandalf is finally breaking his silence. Slowly but surely, he walked forward and stood out in the square.

“Magic Union S-class rule! As long as you are a Magician of the Magic Union, then you have an unconditional obligation to exterminate any evil Death Mage you come across! This iron clad rule will always take priority no matter the time or place of the event!! If there is any Mage that breaches this oath, then……”

Hearing the stern announcement from Leonard, those intermediate Mages that was once part of the Crown Prince’s side suddenly chorused out in unison for the next part. Once finished, the Crown Prince really felt like someone had just poured a bucket of cold water over his head!!

Because the next sentence is:

“If there is any Mage that breaches this oath, then that person will forever lose their qualification from the Magic Union. Also, the person will be branded as a traitor and be hunted down by the Magic enforcement team for 109 days!”

With this sentence being uttered out in unison by the seven or eight Mages, the Crown Prince had his heart sink down to the bottom. Unable to restrain his emotions, he yelled out in disbelief:

“What is this rule, why didn’t I know about this!!!?”

What’s this rule? I know every rule and law in the Magic Union, so how come I didn’t know about this?

The number one iron clad rule? Priority over any other act? Overrides any other rule? In other words, a Mage must drop everything they are doing at the time to defeat any Death Mage they come across at the expense of their own safety and life!

If any dare break their oath, then their qualification as a Mage will be revoked?! For a Mage, this status is more precious to them than any other thing in this world!

And also…… That Mage will be hunted down by the Magic enforcement team for 109 days?

If that is true, then that means the Magic enforcement team will hunt down the person in question as a traitor for a limited time of 109 days. If one can survive for this duration, then their life would be spared…. But if not, then its death that awaits them!

Magic enforcement team is practically the only fighting force on the continent that could strike fear into the minds of a Magician. Unless the person in question is a legendary and mighty person like Gandalf, then there is no way they would make it out of this ordeal unscathed….. Moreover, 109 days? If they can somehow make it for 10 days, then the power of the traitor would already be a force to be reckoned with!

This no doubt this would be equivalent of a death sentence!

Facing such a frightening rule, how can those Mages not jump out?

Standing from afar on top of the palace walls, Prince Son had long enchanted himself with an eagles eye spell to allow himself to see every detail of his elder brother’s expression. Seeing the anger and surprise on his elder brother, Prince Son broke out into a ‘hehe’ laughter. Then raising a wind based spell, he osculated his words right up to the ears of the Crown Prince:

“Oh my dear brother…… This iron clad rule is the highest taboo in the Magic Union! Before every Mage is given their ranking badge, they must first use their own blood to smear it and form an oath at that moment. Once bind with magic, this oath can never be broken. Even if one is at the very edge of the world, the Magic Union would know immediately if they violated this oath.” Prince Son’s voice was so happy now that his laugh didn’t even need magic to reach the Crown Prince’s ears: “My dear old brother, this taboo of the highest level also has another feature. In my opinion, this feature is both useless and boring because every Mage must swear that no matter what happens, they must keep this oath a secret. Unless they are facing an evil Death Mage, they can never reveal this information! For that, a ordinary person would never know about this! HA HA HA HA HA……”

The Crown Prince was so angry that he immediately wanted to cough out a mouthful of blood as he watched his younger brother up at the wall.

“Dear brother…… I’m not skilled in martial arts and can only do magic. So, I have long passed the Mage assessment test! As such, I also know about this oath….. And, I also have something to tell you today!”

As if deliberately pausing for a bit, a voice filled with mockery and contempt soon reached out from Prince Son’s mouth:

“Sometimes, when murdering someone, one doesn’t have to do it yourself! If properly utilized, even a rule can help you kill!”

Poof!

With anger reaching into his very core, the Crown Prince couldn’t hold it in anymore. Immediately, a mouthful of blood came bursting out of his mouth in a spraying fashion.

Flashing a sense of coldness in his eyes, Prince Son then turns to face Du Wei. Sighing with a wry smile, he then said: “Well then, this ploy is also one of my cards. But now, the troublesome part begins. Since I am also a magician of the magic union, I’m also obliged to fight with that Death Mage. If I don’t, then I fear even the president of the magic union won’t be able to hold back the magic enforcement team from killing me because this rule was handed down from the time of Aragon himself.”

Seeing the fake wry smile from Prince Son, Du Wei suddenly felt like a foolish child in his heart!

Skillfully using a not so secretive secret, he based his plans solely on the fact that the Crown Prince didn’t know about this rule. In specific conditions, he led the Crown Prince to send out the Death Mage to trigger a collective mutiny!

Such intelligence…… Does the young Prince have another hidden card?!

Du Wei suddenly shakes his head before speaking in a whispering voice: “Prince Son….. What about the two members of the elders platoon….?”

“Hmm, you’re very smart and your guess is correct!” Prince Son instantly admits everything: “Both elders are not capable of any destructive Divine Magic. One specializes in recovery magic and the other specializes in enhancement magic. Truthfully, I was only planning to use the two as bait to lure out the Death Mage in my brother’s mix! Thankfully you were here. In my plans, I never took into account of my brother having the support of a Mage at the level of the great Gandalf. Good thing you managed to scare him away. If not, then this card of mine would have been useless if the Death Mage didn’t reveal himself….”

With that, Prince Son whispers, “The Temple isn’t made of fools. For me, they would never reveal the true strength of the Elders Platoon….. But then again, I don’t need them to. As long as the two elders over there make an appearance, then that would be enough to make my brother fall into my trap…..”

Afterwards, Prince Son pats his robe before flying into the sky. Facing the Death Mage, he then flew towards where the enemy was located…..

There is no doubt that this battle would be very easy because this Death Mage is not Gandalf. Regardless of whether this Green Robed Gandalf is real or not, there is no way this Death Mage could match up to the power that was exhibited here today.

And facing a level eight Mage and several intermediate level Mages, plus Prince Son…….

With a deadpan face, Du Wei looked on at the one sided matchup. Sighing, he then smiled wryly as he thought to himself: “The Crown Prince is too naïve and Prince Son is far too powerful. Without a doubt, the battle that will soon happen is certain to be even more violent and bloody…..”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.





* * *





Chapter 160




The 160th chapter “Martial Dragon Spear”

{The title isn’t actually that but if I used the full name, then it would become gibberish}

When 10,000 police soldiers came marching towards the central square from the right, the Crown Prince’s expression became ashen grey when some of his scout troops came running to report.

Immediately, the tide changed and the rebel’s army is now surrounded on all sides.

On the left is the Holy Knights, and on the right are the police forces. But more importantly, this massive influx of police soldiers are all loyal to the royalists factions, thus, changing the tide in one fell swoop.

Naturally, the Crown Prince couldn’t figure out why this is happening even if he breaks his head because all the people he sent to handle these matters are all trusted subordinates of his….

Earl Raymond is already giving out a long sigh as he looked up at the young prince up at the palace walls. To this old military official, his confidence in winning this battle is already gone. Suddenly, he looked over at captain Alpha and whispered: “Alpha, we have lost.”

With that, Earl Raymond came around to the Crown Prince and looked up at the deadpan expression of this instigator. Seeing this, a sense of disdain grew inside of him as he spoke: “Your highness, we must concentrate our forces now and storm out of here. Only by getting out of the capital now will we have a chance to make a comeback!”

The Crown Prince looked hollow in his eyes as if he couldn’t hear the Earl’s words. Only nodding, his eyes suddenly changed to that of horror as he cried out: “There’s no way! I won’t believe this! How did I lose?!”

With that said, he cried out: “I still have 1000 elite riders! Humph, how can the police forces compete with me?!”

The Crown Prince seemed to have lost his marbles. Among his 1000 elite riders, there are numerous genuinely skilled knights from the association. In a loud voice, he declared: “Raymond, I’ll give you 500 riders to stop the police forces in their tracks! As for me, I’ll attack the palace! I will not admit defeat!”

Earl Raymond didn’t say anymore and only sighed in return…..

Will not fail?

Jean Claude’s 10,000 rebel forces had already suffered major casualties. With only a couple of thousand troops left including the elite riders of the Crown Prince, how can they take the palace so easily when they are being pressed on all sides?

It was at this moment, the main gate of the palace suddenly swung open and out came Prince Son. Slowly, he stepped forward alone while holding onto something really long.

Wrapped in a broad black cloth, the outline of this thing seems to vaguely resemble that of a long spear.

This abrupt interruption dumbfounded everyone because the young prince was only a hundred meters from Jean Claude’s forces. Despite the inherent danger, Prince Son continued to show his charismatic smile without a hint of fear on his face. Slowly but surely, he stopped and stabbed the long thing onto the ground.

For a second, everyone didn’t know how to react against this person that so suddenly came out of the Palace.

Just as the rebel forces hesitated over whether or not they should run up and kill this important figure, the young prince interjected:

“Knights Declaration, article 1……” Prince Son’s calm voice suddenly reached out to every corner of the square, his voice clearly osculated by a wind based magic spell to reach everyone’s ears.

“Knights Declaration, article 1: In the name of my soul, I swear to be forever ‘loyal’ as my lifelong personality so that I will never regret in this life! If I ever go against this, let my soul be abandoned by the Knights Spear!”

“Knights Declaration, article 2: In the name of my soul, I swear that honor is more important than my life! Without regret, I will defend the honor of a knight for life! If I ever go against this, let my soul be abandoned by the Knights Spear!”

“Knights Declaration, article 3: In the name of my soul, I will bear in mind the ‘sacrifice’ my life makes! Without regret, I will not break. If I do, let the Knights Spear abandon my soul!”

“Knights Declaration, article 4: In the name of my soul, I will live with ‘courage’ in my heart. I will brand my chest with courage without regret! If I break this oath, let the Knights Spear abandon my soul!”

“Knights Declaration, article 5: In the name of my soul, I will have mercy on the weak and be the enemy of brutality! Tolerance is my friend, and ‘mercy’ is my heart. If I break this oath, let the Knights Spear abandon my soul!”

“Knights Declaration, article 6: In the name of my soul, I will maintain the fusion of spirit and soul. Spirit is my soul, and soul is my life. If I ever go against this, let my soul be abandoned by the Knights Spear!”

“Knights Declaration, article 7: In the name of my soul, I will always be ‘true and honest’. My heart will always be white, and my biggest enemy is the darkness in my heart. If I ever go against this, let the Knights Spear abandon my soul!”

“Knights Declaration, article 8: In the name of my soul, I always aim to be ‘fair’. My heart is the embodiment of righteousness and equality. If I break this oath, let the Knights Spear abandon my soul!”

This long list of declarations is something every genuine knight would remember because during their assessment test, every person is required to recite this before they are recognized as a true knight.

To a knight, these verses are the eight qualities that they should always keep in mind: loyalty, honor, sacrifice, courage, compassion, spirituality, honesty, and fairness.

Although magic is prospering on the Roland continent now, but the era of Knights is still much longer than magic prior till now. During the height of that era, Knight is the largest power!

From legend, the Knights Association from that era is said to be even higher in status than the current Magic Union! To the people back then, the association is the shining beacon of righteousness and respect.

Only problem is the passage of time. In the present day and age, the status of a warrior is far inferior to that of a Mage in the eyes of the general populous. As such, the importance of these verses gradually became forgotten in the hearts of everyone…… Although a knight must still recite the oaths before they are recognized as a true knight, but it is quite rare nowadays for one to find a knight still adhering to such chivalrous actions. In general, a normal knight is only someone of brute strength, but weak in their mental cultivation.

But the real reason for the downfall of the knight’s era is not only the prosperity of magic, but a more important reason. Unlike back then, the sworn oaths taken by every knight in the current age no longer have any binding effects on their actions!

For a Magician, they must automatically leave behind their mark whenever they make an oath. As such, if they ever go back on their words, they will then be punished accordingly!

But now, those declarations by the knights are more often than not different from what the swearer is actually thinking. The moment, they leave the doorstep of the knights association, some of these people would go off and cause havoc in the world. As such, this is the true reason for the downfall of chivalry in the current age!

No power to restrict ones action, so the oaths would naturally be ignored!

Regardless of whether they are rebel or royalists, Prince Son’s face looked very serious as he swept his gaze across the square. To the knights of different ranks in the field, many of them didn’t understand why this prince would suddenly come down to the square and recite these verses. To a small portion, some of these knights even grew a bit of disdain on their faces…..

“If I break this oath, let the Knights Spear abandon my soul!!” Prince Son gently whispers these words out before suddenly repeating it in a loud voice: “let the Knights Spear abandon my soul!!” His eyes slowly scan the field back and forth before letting out a gentle laugh: “Who here today still adheres to the eight codes of chivalry?”

The Knights Spear……

According to legend in the age of chivalry, the greatest artifact of the knight’s profession is a legendary spear left behind during the age of gods. This spear held immense power and is the object of worship for every knight! During their oath swearing, every knight must use their own blood to imprint their souls into the spear! If the oath bearer were to ever break their words, the person in question will be punished by the power of the spear and have their soul be forever locked out of the afterlife, thus, forcing their spirit to roam the world.

With the idea of the spears punishment hanging over their heads, practically no knight would go against their vows!

Unfortunately, not knowing when, where, or even the reason, this miraculous spear disappeared from the annals of history. To some, the idea of the spear disappearing is the sign of god reclaiming it from the world of mortals.

From then on, the chivalry vows no longer had any punishing effect on the oath bearer. As time went on, the downfall of the knight profession finally reached the present day situation.

Currently, Prince Son stood in the middle of the square under the smell of blood and gore as he recited the knight’s chivalry code. Though a little weird at first, he subsequently tore apart the black silken cloth reveal the true face of the long object in his hand…….

Shining with brilliance is a spear radiating a golden light. This cross shaped spear is not only a head taller than the prince in height, but the body of the spear seems to be missing a section at the head like it was broken somehow. And that’s not all, the body of the spear seems be full of scratch marks that if it was a bit deeper, it would have likely caused the body to break apart!

The moment this golden crossed shaped spear made its appearance to the world, not a single sound could be heard. At that instant, none in the square dared to make a single move, not even breathing!

Also without any hint or sign, people of different warrior ranks from both camps began to run forward towards the spear. Kneeling on one knee, these people all had the look of a devoted believer that could even put the followers of the temple to shame…..!

Even captain Alpha that was riding behind the Earl fell off the horse. Crawling on the ground, this heavily injured knight forced himself into a prostrating position with eyes full of tears akin to that of someone showing intense emotions.

“Alpha!” Earl Raymond turned pale: “you……”

“My lord.” Alpha raised his head as his body trembled. Taking in a deep breath, he replied: “That is the Holy Spear! The real Holy Spear! The Knights Spear!”

Knights Spear, Golden Cross Spear, Holy Spear…. It also has a name that is beyond sacred in the hearts of every knight:

Martial Dragon Spear!

Standing atop the palace walls, Du Wei sighs as he saw the spreading scene of knights kneeling……

The Crown Prince is already defeated now.





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 165




The 165th chapter “Vivian on Brokeback Mountain”

Although it is already summer season, but the temperatures at night is still pretty cold in the mountains.

The truth is Vivian may not necessarily be cold with her body beside the fire, but she was all alone in the middle of the woods. Aside from that, there would occasionally be the calling of prowling owls in the night, so of course she would feel unsettled.

Just as she was gripping her robe tightly, there suddenly came a sound of stones rolling on the ground behind her. Startled by all this, Vivian quickly turned around and saw a thin shadow slowing moving towards her like a ghost.

Vivian immediately became nervous at sight of the intruder. Jumping up without hesitation, Vivian lets out a stammering scream: “Who-who is it!”

The other party’s footstep was very light, but once she got a clearer look thanks to the flames, Vivian instantly became stunned at the familiar face.

“Poor silly girl.” Du Wei takes in a deep breath before smiling at Vivian: “Why are you here?”

Recognizing it was Du Wei, Vivian’s face made several changes to her expression before finally letting out high pitched scream. Moving her legs at a rapid pace, she dived towards Du Wei while stumbling a few times. Unfortunately for Du Wei, the moment the silly girl slammed into him, her body was just in the right position to head-butt him in the chin. Knocked to the ground, Du Wei nearly bit his tongue in the process.

Smiling, Du Wei said: “Just as expected, you are still as silly and clumsy as before.”

As if met with a savior, Vivian raised her pair of innocent eyes and blinked several times at Du Wei before crying out like a baby.

Helping the crying Vivian up from the ground, Du Wei then sat her down next to him before pulling out a bag from his bosom. Earlier when he was in town, Du Wei had bought some roughly made flat bread before making his journey up here. The moment Vivian took sight of what was inside his bag, sparks of light radiated from her eyes. Like a wild animal, she quickly snatched the bread from his bag and furiously chewed away at it.

Looking at the cute silly lass in front of him as she suffered between choking and starvation, Du Wei didn’t know whether to laugh or help her by passing a water pouch.

“Why do you look like you didn’t eat for several days?” Du Wei helpless sighed.

Vivian carefully raised her head. Still covered with bread crumbs on the corners of her mouth, Vivian puts down the bread and began to speak with stuttering voice: “I, I, I really didn’t, didn’t eat for two days……”

Such a pathetic answer really stunned Du Wei. Carefully looking over this Loli looking Vivian, he started to interrogate her over the reason of why she was here.

So after they returned from the sea half a year ago, Vivian retreated back to the secluded hiding place where she and Gandalf lived. Once Gandalf returned and asked what she experienced in the outside world, Gandalf once again headed out. At this point, it wasn’t hard for Du Wei to guess the reason behind Gandalf’s abruptly departure – search him out and take him to the frozen forest……

The latter end is something Vivian didn’t know.

Despite the fact that Vivian was being left alone by herself at home, Gandalf only left behind a bag of coins and a few words for her. Under normal circumstances, a normal person would be worried, but since the old had a tendency to make trips at a moment’s notice, Vivian was already used to it.

Only this time around when the old fart talked to her, Vivian noticed her master’s tone was particularly mild and detailed in his explanation.

The most important detail was: “If I don’t come back in a month, you are to go to the Flying Horse town outside the imperial capital. From there, you must make your way up to the Yamaha Hill top on the June of 15th……”

Vivian was already used to her teacher’s eccentric personality. More often than not, teacher would do all sorts of strange things in front of her without any explanation. Since this time was the same, Vivian didn’t feel a need to pry any further and decided to do as she was told.

However, although Vivian is simple minded, but she was not stupid. From her teacher’s out of ordinary speech before he left, she vaguely perceived something was not quite right. Alarmed in her heart, she became more and more afraid as the days went by.

Counting down the days, soon three months had passed and teacher still didn’t return. At this point, Vivian was already feeling jumpy and restless inside.

From three months-fourth months, Vivian finally left home out of desperation.

She is only a little girl. After the last adventure she had in the outside world, she should be staying at home where it was safe considering her timid and clumsy personality. Yet fate is not so, since her master never returned, she can only bite the bullet and head out.

So from then, a simple minded girl left home and came all the way out to the imperial capital by herself. Luckily for these silly lass, none on the road dared to provoke her due to her wizardry robe. From the capital, she eventually made her way to the Flying Horse town and had been living there up till now.

Naturally, there will always be some malicious guys eyeing such a beautifully simple minded girl. Fortunately Vivian still had considerable strength. After coming across a few thugs, she only needed to exercise a bit of her powers to make the other side running in shame.

Just like that, she lived in town for quite a while without any trouble. However, she eventually came across a big problem.

She ran out of money.

Mages are also people, they need to eat, they need to sleep, and they also need a place to stay.

Though the boss of the local inn took pity on her and reduced the rent, but she had already depleted her savings. Unable to feed herself, she was left with no other option but to move out and spend the past three days and night up on this “Brokeback Mountain”.

Seeing how ragged Vivian’s robe was now, Du Wei couldn’t help himself and sighed: “How could you be out of money?”

Vivian blinked a few times before squinting them: “Teacher left a bit of money at home, but I already used it up.”

So Gandalf would actually leave behind a bag of gold coins whenever he departed from their secret hideout in the mountains. Though their home was deep in the mountains, but Vivian would often go out to buy some groceries.

Nonetheless, old Gandalf isn’t some rich old man. After not returning for a few months, the money he left behind was already spent by Vivian.

“Don’t you know that the gems and crystals on you are very valuable?” Reluctantly, Du Wei smiled bitterly: “There should have been some shops in the town where you can sell the magic materials. If you simply sold one of your crystals, you should have had enough money to last for months.”

But looking at the dazed appearance of Vivian, Du Wei finally realized this silly lass would not understand all of that.

Inwardly, Du Wei can already imagine what that old geezer was thinking when he left Vivian behind. The reason for this girl to be here is so that from this day onward, Du Wei can take care of her, that is the meaning behind the old geezers will.

Spending a moment in thought, Du Wei pulls out the magic tool from his pocket: “Do you know what this is?”

Vivian shakes his head.

Inside Du Wei’s mind: “Hmm, Vivian is here to defect to him, but what about the person that is supposed to be his teacher? It can’t be this little girl, right? No, not her, otherwise, Gandalf would not have mentioned the person has a cranky personality.”

Faced with this big problem…… Du Wei suddenly didn’t know what to do. In his mind, he was sort of afraid of the possibility that Vivian didn’t even know about his teacher’s death!

Looking at the little girl in front him desperately eating away at the flat bread, Du Wei felt very uncomfortable in his heart, unsure of how to break the news.

Until finally the moon was hanging in the middle of the sky, Du Wei tapped Vivian on the shoulder and smiled: I’ll show you something interesting.”

Stabbing Gandalf’s magic tool on the ground, Du Wei then unscrewed the end cover.

Similar to a firework, this thing is clearly a magic item made from magic alchemy.

Shooting out from the inside, a green light suddenly sprayed out and shot into the sky. Liking a shooting star, the flare suddenly lit up the whole forest. Though it was a little spooky, but just like a real firework, the fireball eventually started to come down……

Looking at the green light, faint idea suddenly came up in his mind!

Green…… Could it be……

Looking up at the sky, the green ball of light was coming down at an extremely slow pace. For several minutes, Du Wei quietly waited.

Finally, when the green light disappeared completely, a faint flute sound could be heard coming from behind the hillside……

The flute sound very weird. Though it sharp to the ear, but it was not harsh as if some melodious voice was gently moving back and forth one’s mind. If Du Wei had to describe the feeling he was getting, it would be sadness……

When Vivian heard the sound, her face already exposed a strange expression. Looking at Du Wei, she suddenly jumped up and shouted: “Sister??”

At this time, borrowing the moon’s light, a figure slowly came forth from the woods like a spirit.

Under the Moon’s light, Du Wei can finally see who the other party is.

Green robe, Green Hat, green flute……

And that face is clearly ……

Green-robed Gandalf?



If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 168




The 168th chapter “The means of the Magic Union”

“Master, master! Our income today is so much!” With a flushed face, Marde excitedly held onto the thin booklet of transactions they made so far.

“Oh, how much?” Du Wei leaned back against the chair and lazily asked.

Right now the sun is just at the angle where it is starting to settle down for the evening night. Originally the nobles that came to congratulate him for the grand opening still wanted to take him out for a hospitable dinner, but Du Wei had to refuse their offer due to his mood being ruined by Mage Clark’s message.

“Altogether 684,600 gold coins!” When old Marde cried out these numbers, even his voice was trembling.

Du Wei didn’t show much reaction.

Humph, It’s to be expected…… After spending so much effort and time, if he didn’t make this much at least then wouldn’t he have failed too hard?

Seeing how the young master wasn’t showing much interest, old Marde thought it was because of his manner of speech that displeased Du Wei. Turning the pages quickly, he continued to report the details: “Today’s biggest contributor is without a doubt Miss Rolynn. Just counting the things that crossed her hand amounted to 380,000 gold coins master. If we can somehow find a few more people like Miss Rolynn, then……”

“That’s enough.” Du Wei waved a hand to interrupt Marde’s speech.

A few more people like Rolynn? That is not realistic.

The so called value in rarity is the perfect saying for Rolynn. If not for the ‘novelty’ surrounding her status as a female knight, then she would not have the same impact towards those lustful nobles. By adding in a few more people like Rolynn, then the freshness coming out of her existence would diminish immensely. Aside from these points, he also believes Rolynn’s loyalty is absolute towards him, so where would he find a few more people like that so fast?

However, the fact that their income reached a whopping figure of 880,000 gold coins is still something that Du Wei finds great pleasure in knowing. Then again, this number is only possible right now due to those nobles attending his opening ceremony. If those prideful people left without buying a single item, then wouldn’t they be disregarding his status too much? More importantly, a portion of that number is actually gifts from certain individuals.

For example, just that Biliaibuer alone gifted him with 100,000 gold coins. As for that Taklanshan, he may not have gave him any gifts outright today, but the land Du Wei purchased for his store is without a doubt the biggest benefit he received by far!

“Go make some preparations and have someone craft another set of armor like Rolynn’s. The piece doesn’t need to be sturdy, but be certain to make it as luxurious as you can. Oh yes…..” Du Wei hesitated for a moment as he looked at Marde: “Marde, I want to ask you a question.”

“Master, please say it.”

Du Wei pondered the question for a moment: “In a few months, I will have to go to the Northwest. Would you rather stay here in the capital and help me manage my real estate, or would you rather come with me to the Northwest?”

Old Marde did not hesitate in his reply: “Master, I am your faithful servant; of course I will follow you.” His eyes began to turn red at this point: “I’ve held you since you were little, now that I am getting old, are you going to leave Old Marde behind?”

Du Wei smiled as he looked at the tearing eyed Marde: “Enough Marde, don’t cry, I will not leave you behind. Hmm, what you said is true. Since I was small, it was you whom raised me. Even if I leave everything behind, I will never leave my dear uncle Marde.”

This word “Uncle” scared Marde so much that his face turned pale as he waved his hand back and forth in panic. Marde jumped up and said: “Master, you mustn’t call Old Marde that, I am not worthy! I’ve always been your servant, your horse groomer, and your housekeeper…..”

Du Wei was already up on his feet walking towards Marde’s side. Raising a hand, Du Wei gently tapped Marde’s shoulder and said: “It’s fine Marde. Right now, there is only the two of us here. Of the Rowling Household, only the two of us remain in the capital….. Oh yes, there is still Captain Alpha. Anyways, between us, there is no need for civility.”

Just now, everyone would have known what was at stake in the choices they were offered.

Go to the wind blasted sand dunes of the Northwest, or stay in the bustling capital of the empire. Anyone that was offered such a choice would have known which is better; yet, Marde didn’t even hesitate a second in his choice of following Du Wei. Seeing how faithful Marde was towards him made Du Wei feel touched inside.

“Since you are going to accompany me to the Northwest, then the matters of the capital…….” Du Wei pondered over the problem and in the end, he couldn’t think of anyone more suitable than Rolynn.

But then…… If he placed Rolynn here, then who will take charge of the pirates?

Aigh, what a headache. The lack of manpower is not something he can solve in one or two days.

“Go and called Rolynn over.” Du Wei sighed: “I have something to tell her.”

After Marde went out, Du Wei picked up a cup of herbal tea from the table and gulped it down with a frown.

The appearance of Mage Clark today is obviously due to the order of the President. Not only did they give him face for today’s event, they are also willing to procure large amounts of ingredients from him each year.

But in this world, there will never be a free lunch!

Humph…… Keep in mind his Wizardry status? The Magic Unions will always be his home?

Needless to say, the matter related to the magic academy must have been pushed forward again after the political situation stabilized!

For Du Wei, he certainly didn’t want to be thrown around by the Regent and the Magic Union. From history, those that tries to play both side never meets a good ending!

For now, Du Wei feels his best option is to hurry to his new territory and never return!

At that time, even if both powers were to go all out in their struggle, it still wouldn’t matter to him!

But who would have ever thought that it would be pushed forward so quickly when the coup only ended recently?

Even if he if he wished to leave now, he wouldn’t be able to because until the officials there hand over the power to him, he wouldn’t be able to find an excuse. Also, he still didn’t have the right people to take up the positions yet.

Magic Academy…… Oh Magic Academy!

Humph!

Suddenly, a bit of a temper started to seep out of his mind. A few years from now, the magic academy will without a doubt produce a number of talented trainees, but none of them will fall in his pocket! For the benefit of others, why should he stick his neck out for them?

Wouldn’t it be better to leave early?!

However, when his mind brought up the idea of talented individuals, another thought popped into his head.

The next day, Du Wei took the carriage met up with the Regent inside the palace.

After experiencing the storm of land bestowment, the mood around Prince Son seems to be much calmer than before. At least on the surface, this new ruler acted like he forgot what Du Wei did in order to save his father’s life and even pulled him to the back palace for a sumptuous lunch.

No one knows what topic the two talked about that morning, but after Du Wei left, the Regent’s mood was especially good and even made a few jokes with his personal guard.

As for Du Wei’s side, the sweat on his back was completely dry by the time he left which left him feeling very uncomfortable.

Aigh, this Prince Son really intends to use him as the gun to deal with the Magic Union!

Back in the morning, Du Wei was baiting Prince Son on the subject of the Magic Academy; yet, contrary to what Du Wei expected, this future emperor openly spilled the beans on everything he was planning.

The establishment of the Magic Academy will enter its first stage of implementation in one month! In this first round of student selection, the magic union and the royal court will be engaging in all sorts of infighting so that their sides receive the most benefit.

However, Prince Son did receive the support of the magic union in the coup, so he will certainly give in on certain demands if needed.

In the list of recruitment, the Magic Academy is expected to recruit around 100 students.

Do not underestimate this hundred people. Though the number appears to be a small… but you need to understand, on the whole continent, there is only around a few hundred Magicians!

And now…… According to the current negotiations between the two parties, the magic union is demanding half of the enrollment spots!

Such a number is something Prince Son cannot promise.

What a joke! The establishment of the magic academy is primarily meant to break the magic union’s monopoly over Mages. If the union occupies half of the quota on the recruitment list, then how is Prince Son going to allocate the rest?

For the royal family, they needed a certain number of spots to enroll into the academy. In addition, several of the more influential families below also want to occupy a certain number of spots.

In such a layering effect, the number of people Son can truly control is simply too little. He is the true ruler of the empire, such a situation is something he absolutely will not allow.

In the morning, Son divulged his bottom line to Du Wei and that is half of the spots must be selected by the royal household. As for the remaining half, the Magic Union, the military, and the aristocrats can fight for it!

Out of their conversation, Du Wei only got one meaning from the Regent:

“You go negotiate with the magic union president. When the union competes with the military and nobles for their spots, the royal household will back the union in their standing. Nonetheless, half of the spots must be chosen by the royal household!”

Originally Du Wei wanted to ask Prince Son about letting him choose some of the students in the academy, but in the end, Prince Son gave him a clear and simple answer: “You can, but you must negotiate with the magic union. After all, you are a recognized member of the magic union.”

This afternoon, Du Wei was planning to go to magic union and meet with the president.

Yet, Du Wei had a change of heart in the last moment!

Why not wait for the other party to seek him out?

Humph, the establishment of the Magic Academy is so important, yet they only sent Mage Clark with a few goods hoping to bribe me?

Humph, aren’t they too stingy?!

Du Wei became venomous inside! Even if he can’t gain any benefit from the establishment of the magic Academy, Du Wei feels he must at least extort a good sum from the magic union!

With this little bit of determination, Du Wei came out of the palace. Seeing the dark expression on the grand Duke’s face, the palace guards following behind didn’t dare say a word.

By the time he walked out of the palace and into the central square, Du Wei suddenly saw a group of people coming his way.

A closed surface carriage that was almost completely inlayed with silvery chips and a snowy white flag flying on top!

White flag?

Du Wei hesitated for a moment because a banner like that is the trade mark of a funeral!

When the carriage slowly came up the palace, the guards not only didn’t intervene, they actually split apart into two roles and kneeled down in salute. When Du Wei took a closer look, he actually saw that the knights leading the carriage were in fact holy knights of the temple!

Not only did the carriage don the banner of the royal household, Du Wei was even more shocked to find the temples insignia flying next to the Thorn Flower crest on the flag.

In this brief moment of shock, the carriage was already drawing up to Du Wei’s location. Seeing the dazed expression in the grand Duke, the nearby palace guards hastily came up to him and gently tapped his shoulder so that he could make way.

After waiting till the carriage enter the palace, Du Wei then frowned as he looked at the nearby guards: “What kind of person was in the carriage? And how can the temple’s people freely access the palace?”

The palace guard hesitated in his response, but in the end, he answered in a hush tone: “Your dukeship….. Didn’t you know? Inside the carriage is Wilona, known as the flower of the royal household, she is also the holy maiden of the temple…..”

Holy maiden? Du Wei is only vaguely aware of these so-called holy maidens; in fact, this practice is only a gimmick of religious organizations where they pick out some beautiful and pious maidens to act as their tributes to the gods…..

But this Wilona is also a flower of the royal household?

“You really don’t know?” the palace guard was acting a bit unnatural towards the Duke’s lack of awareness: “Holy maiden Wilona’s father is the late crown prince…..”

“Oh……” Du Wei took a step back to give a meaningfully gaze at the leaving carriage.

The crown prince’s daughter and holy maiden?

Hehe…… Then it’s no wonder the carriage hanged a white flag.

Though the crown prince committed suicide after the coup d’état, but Prince Son handled the matter very nicely. Not only did Son not deprive his elder brother of his royal status, Son also allowed his brother’s body to be buried in the manner of the royal family, indicating he is forever a member of the royal family despite organizing a coup.

This holy maiden is the daughter of the crown prince. Humph-humph, it seems the crown prince did try to win over the temple. It’s just that in the end, the temple still chose to side with Prince Son!

Haha……

Just when Du Wei wanted to retract his gaze, he suddenly felt a faint presence coming out from the carriage as if someone slid open the compartment window and peeked over at him……

After the brief encounter, Du Wei returned to his own residence. The place may be his residence, but it wasn’t actually Du Wei’s official manor despite his status as a Duke. The reason is very simple, he didn’t actually hold any official position within the capital and that he intended to leave for the Northwest very soon.

Currently, his place of residence is only a small house within the wealthy district. Originally a property of the late Crown Prince, this estate was in fact gifted to him by the Regent.

When he returned to his home, Old Marde was already awaiting for him at the gate.

Seeing the master’s return, Marde quickly rushed up and personally helped Du Wei off the coach. Then the next sentence was: “Master, a member of the magic union came looking for you today. Because you weren’t present, that person had no choice but to go back after waiting the whole morning.”

They seriously came so early to beg me?

Du Wei sneered.

But the next sentence surprised Du Wei.

It was clear the magic union wasn’t going to openly suck up to him; in fact, the other party was wiser than he expected!

“The person from the magic union wanted me to inform master that your magic assessment test will be carried out in three days, and the president will personally test you.”

Rank examination?

Du Wei was stunned.





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.





* * *





Chapter 169




The 169th chapter “cheating is difficult, more difficult than climbing the heavens”

Ever since he returned to his room and discussed it over with Gargamel, Du Wei kept feeling this play by the Magic Union is very clever!

Just thinking of the magic assessment in three days, he can already see the cunning smile on the president’s face right around the corner.

What a move!

Not only is this a way to test where he stand on the issue, it also carries a heavy intent!

Back in the square that day, Du Wei managed to scare away Green Robed Gandalf with the help of Semel. In the end, everyone recognized him as a young genius magician with immeasurable strength!

No doubt about it, his halo title of a Duke and powerful mage did bring him numerous benefits up to this point.

As such, his standing in Prince Son’s camp is very impressive.

But others may not know this, but the president of the magic union definitely had a vague idea of his true abilities!

Perhaps Dorgan is second guessing himself over Du Wei’s true strength right now, but that’s okay!

Once the magic assessment is in session, all will be revealed!

On one hand, this rating assessment can test his power, but it can also burst Du Wei’s bubble! If the truth is revealed around him, then the momentum around Prince Son’s camp will definitely take a hit. At that time, the Magic Union can just take this excuse and suppress the royal household!

Thirdly, there is also a message the magic union wanted to convey to everyone in the capital: if the union does not recognize your strength, then you are nothing no matter how powerful you are!

Fourthly, the announcement result to the public will all depend on the president’s single word.

If you, Du Wei, wants to be the young genius grand mage, then you better cooperate with the magic union. If not, humph, humph, then I will expose you for what you are!



；



“In General, the magic assessment is divided into three parts when starting.” Gargamel carefully explained the details to Du Wei: “Evaluation of magic level, manipulation, and mastery of spells.”

“Is there any ways to fake it?” Du Wei furrows his brow.

“Fake it?” Gargamel shakes his head and sighed: “Do you think the magic union’s thousand year history is for show? If it was so easy to cheat, then there would have already been large numbers of fraudulent wizards roaming the continent! I’ll tell you now, the magic assessment is very strict, so don’t even think you can cheat!”

Then Gargamel began to introduce the three-part assessment.

The magic power test is the simplest hurdle. For the examinee, they must pass through an absolute standard set up by the magic union. Inside the main headquarter; there is a special crystal ball that can measure the user’s magic level if injected with their energy. When activated, the crystal will display a range of colors indicating the level the user is at.

As for the magic manipulation test, it is a little more complex. In a single room, the union will arrange a number of magic circles which the participant must either solve or deal with during the test. During the entire process, there will be several grand mages outside watching the test to determine the person’s standard of control.

“This segment is similar to the time when we were bombarded with attacks in the forgotten ice field. Though the process is similar, but the attacks are much weaker and you can pick and choose which magic circle to take on. After all, the second test is in a controlled environment, so the level of danger shouldn’t be a problem.”

“Now for the hardest part where you can’t cheat!” Gargamel opens up a broad smile: “First you must pick the most powerful spell you are familiar with. Then with the grand mages presiding over your test, they will observe how well your spell incantation is and the result from it. Whether you can pass this part will depend entirely on how impressed the judges are. However, with my current assessment of you right now, your most powerful spell that you can muster is nowhere close to being enough!”

“If you say it like this, then as long as I can produce an overwhelming spell to impress the judge, then I can pass?” Du Wei frowns.

“Not exactly.” Gargamel shakes his head: “Spell chanting is a very important knowledge every mage must master. It’s not surprising if one can read the entire spell out because as long as you aren’t an idiot, then anyone can do it. On the contrary, to chant the entire spell out well is a very hard thing to do. Speed and clarity are equally important, but that doesn’t mean you can just shirk off your understanding of the important bits. In a spell, there are always certain words that can be omitted. If you can master this, then you can grab hold of the advantage in battle.”

Du Wei can already feel his hope flying away after listening to Gargamel’s explanation.

In the end, Gargamel sent another blow to finish off Du Wei: “Of course, the first three parts I talked about so far is only the first process of the entire procedure. After you pass all three, what comes next is in fact the most critical!”

“There is also actual combat?” Du Wei wanted to find a hole and hide in it.

“That’s right.” Gargamel nods, his voice serious: “This is the tradition passed down through the ages in the magic union. More importantly, this practice is the real secret behind the prosperity of the field of magic in the past millennium!”

The mouse pans out his fingers to emphasize his next point: “Prior to your combat assessment, your body must be removed of all magic item and tools. Remember, the ones to judge you are all grand mages with immeasurable strength, so don’t go getting any funny ideas.”

After that, you will be placed into a magic enforced combat arena. At this time, they will assign an opponent fit for your rank based on the rank you are aiming to go for. Generally speaking, they will send in two opponents one level lower than what you are trying to achieve. For example: if you are aiming for 7th rank, they will send in two 6th level mages to test you. These kinds of tests normally won’t get lethal, but there are some exemptions where both sides end up going over board and someone dies in the process. But rest assured, for the battle, there will be medical healers standing by for emergencies. Regardless of who your opponent is, both sides cannot carry in their own weapon or tools. When the fight starts, you will be provided with a staff to make things equal. The reason or this is to showcase your real ability without any sort of enhancement from outside forces.”

Despair is finally overtaking Du Wei’s heart.

If the mouse says it like this, then there is absolutely no way for him to fuddle through!

Du Wei understands full well what his real strength is. Probably no higher than a 5th level mage, his arsenal of spells is also a complete mess. No matter what, everything he knows so far is only through a mix of self-study and supplemented by a range of magic tools he picked up along his travels. This was especially true when he fought with that Green Robed Gandalf in the square!

If he didn’t have his weapons and tools like the, gunpowder, five colored gemstone ring, and Nirvana’s bow, then that Green Robed Gandalf could have sent him flying in a single slap!

So, viewing from any standpoint, Du Wei has no chance to cheat!

Of course, if Du Wei disregards his reputation and self-esteem, he can still make it through a 5th level ranking test.

Anyways, it is up to the participant to choose what level he wishes to take.

However, he did create the impressive record of defeating that fake Gandalf in the central square, whom also defeated a 8th and 9th level mage. If Du Wei only achieves the rank of a 5th level mage, wouldn’t it be too shameful?!”

According to Gargamal’s saying, the minimum expectation of Du Wei right now is at least a eighth level magician! If he can’t even bring back a white mage robe, then it would be a total embarrassment because he is also known as the newest addition to Gandalf’s line of disciples!

8th rank?

Du Wei gasps for air.

In three days, he needs to propel his powers to the level of a grand mage?

The answer to this predicament is clearly impossible.

When the mouse and human looked at each other at this moment, the third creature present (penguin) suddenly turned around.

Penguin lets out a elegant sigh. Randomly playing with his smooth feathers, he glanced over at Du Wei and said: “Is it really so difficult? Maybe I have a solution.”

“You do?”

Du Wei took a look at this heavenly beast that did nothing so far other than waste his food.

Widening his eyes, Du Wei asked: “You…. What method do you have?”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 170




The 170th chapter “the off beaten path”

To deal with the highly popular Duke Du Wei, the magic union apparently pulled off all the strings.

Well, that’s a given considering his level of fame right now in the capital. The magic union may not necessarily care about these “secular” components, but Du Wei is still the direct disciple of Gandalf. Aside from that, he also managed to scared away the fake Gandalf in the central square the previous day. Even if the union didn’t intentionally blow things out of proportion today, they still couldn’t leave it alone like it didn’t matter considering his great status.

Bringing out the so called luxurious lineup, the president himself and two of the most senior old monsters inside the tower will be acting as the three man judge panel for his test.

Surprisingly though, old crazy Alley actually volunteered and interjected himself into the judge panel. For this deeply experienced yet estranged powerful monster, president Dorgan had no excuse to refuse such a request.

In order to show their respect to the newly appointed Grand Duke, Mage Clark and several other mages of the union are already standing by outside the main building this morning.

In addition, there were also a dozen magic apprentices standing in the back to boost the numbers count.

From outside the square in front of the magic union, crowds of people were already spread far and wide just so they can witness the upcoming event. Prior to today, the news of Du Wei’s assessment test have already leaked out through various channels.

As the most famous celebrity in the capital recently, this young boy genius is the focal point of everyone’s curiosity.

With the morning sun hanging in the sky, the breeze blowing through the air gave today’s morning a taste of summer that felt not only refreshing, but also exhilarating. As Du Wei arrived in the square, this magic scholar, court astrologist, and youngest Duke in history didn’t ride inside a carriage like everyone expected; instead, he openly and care freely walked on his own two feet through the crowds without a single attendant or guard.

Somewhat surprised by Du Wei’s openness, Mage Clark takes in a long breathe before making a respectful bow only used between Mages: “Master Du Wei, please come with me. The president is already waiting for you inside.”

Once again he has stepped foot into the magic union’s headquarter, but unlike before, this time around is different. Not only is he accompanied by several mages with status, his rarely seen magic scholar robe is something that tends to attract the eyes of many even within the inner sanctum.

Since his grand showcase in the coup, who wouldn’t know of the boy genius magician Du Wei?

Under the pretext of leading, Mage Clark and his lackeys intentionally took the long route inside the hexagon shaped building just so they can attract the attention of everyone.

Inside Du Wei’s mind, he understands full well why the other party is doing this. If the momentum around him picks up at this time, the union will undoubtedly be in a even better position to force him to cooperate if he can’t meet everyone’s expectation.

Nonetheless, Du Wei’s low key entrance today through the square is a miscalculation on their end.

After crossing through the outer section, the core tower of the union is now before his eyes. With several gray robed personals awaiting him, Du Wei can only recognize two of them in the group – two of Old Alley’s disciple.

“Humph, came to see how I will embarrass myself?” Du Wei sneered.

This is actually Du Wei’s misunderstanding. With his recent fame and seniority status, just about every one present at the trance is here to meet him based on his future prospect. After all, only those close to president Dorgan are clued into the plan.

At the very least, Du Wei can tell the smile on the two disciples from Old Alley is sincere.

“Mage Du Wei, don’t be nervous.” One of the Alley’s disciple whispers from the side: “The assessment test isn’t as terrifying as everyone makes it out to be, so rest assured. ….. Also, teacher is personally taking part in the examination, so he’ll take care of you.”

Du Wei nods before giving a grateful glance back him.

With that, he then climbed the tower.

Even till now, Du Wei is still trying to figure the amount of floors inside this magical tower.

Shockingly, Du Wei’s examination site is taking place inside the top level where Dorgan’s office is located!

Humph, they sure “value” me!

Once he was up there, Du Wei remained calm as he smiled despite being in the face of president.

Staring each other down, this pair of young and old fox faced off against each other for the first round. Smiling at the same time, it was Dorgan whom broke the silence as he dismissed Mage Clark on the side. Then referring to the all-white old masters on his side, Dorgan lets out a fake laugh as he introduced everyone: “Mage Du Wei, these three will be the acting judges for your assessment today. First up is Master Alley, I’m sure you’re well acquainted so I won’t say anymore. As for the other two……”

Dorgan then refers to a pale white old man on his left. This person not only looked pale, he looked absolutely deathly ill as if his skin never seen the sun’s light. Nonetheless, when Du Wei glanced over at the badge rank hanging on this near death fella, he immediately marked this person as someone not to be underestimated – ninth level, he’s a ninth level magician!

“This is Grand Master Leonidas.” Dorgan’s smile broadened: “He is famed for his strict and fair attitude inside the union. With him presiding over your assessment test, I believe none could question your results. Also, among the grand mages inside the tower, he has the largest number counts when it comes to these events. Therefore, he is the most suitable candidate…..”

Humph, then that is nothing more than a very harsh “examiner.” Du Wei sneers inside.

The more severe the examiner is, the slimmer the chance of him cheating.

Pausing for a second to let the information sink in, Dorgan then points to another old guy standing next to Old Alley: “This is……”

Relative to the previous guy with a creditors face, the following guy is a complete pleasure to meet. Like the sun itself, every aspect of this person gave off a warm sensation that could draw someone in if not careful. Matched this with a kind and gentle smile, the aura around the guy gave off a bearing normally found only in a caring elderly grandpa.

If such a person were to discard their white mage robe, no one could possibly mistake him for a magician!

If anything, he looked more like a well cultured aristocrat than a Mage.

“This is Grand Master Yierneisi.” Dorgan’s voice suddenly swelled up a few notches: With his qualification, he is currently the oldest senior within the magic union. By the way, I need to let you know he is also from the same school as you. Just like you, he is also a disciple of Master Gandalf!”

Oh, really?

Du Wei eyebrow twitched. Sure enough, the eyes from this Grand Master Yierneisi were filled with kindness.

“Greetings, oh respected Master Yierneisi respectfully.” Du Wei hurriedly bent down and cast a salute befitting his junior status.

Yierneisi expression remained kind and gentle, but unlike his outer appearance, his voice was monstrously disquieting when he spoke: “HA HA!!! You are Du Wei Ah! At ease!! I’ll take care of you!!!”

This unexpected “lion’s roar” scared the wits out of Du Wei.

President Dorgan sighed before speaking in a whispering voice, “master Yierneisi…… His ears aren’t very good. A few years ago in a magical experiment, his ears……”

Du Wei immediately understood. Giving a look at this senior of his, he quickly said: “Thank you!”

“HA HA!! You are Du Wei Ah! At ease!! I’ll take care of you!!! ”

Du Wei: “… .. Thank you very much.”

“You are Du Wei Ah! At ease!! I’ll take care of you!!! ”

Du Wei: “…………”

At this point, Dorgan looked a bit embarrassed. Turing to Yierneisi, he cried out: “Well then Master Yierneisi, let’s start shall we?”

“You are Du Wei Ah! At ease!! I’ll take care of you!!! ”

Old Alley started to wipe away his sweat as he tugged at Master Yierneisi’s sleeve.

Displeased by this, Master Yierneisi frowned and said: “Why are you pulling me! Ah, well, Du Wei! Rest assured! I’ll take care of you!! ”

Du Wei: “…………”



；



Once seated, one of Dorgan’s magic apprentices brought in a few cups of tea concocted by mixing a set of special magic herbs: “Mage Du Wei, prior to the examination, please tell us what level of ranking you wish to aim for? Ha-ha…..”

Du Wei didn’t even need to speak yet before the President started his talk of suppression: “With your glorious battle records recently, surely you must be preparing to take away a white mage today, right?”

A white Mage robe is something only a eighth level Mage or higher can wear.

Eighth ranking…… Du Wei snickers inside: Little master here wouldn’t be here playing with you if I had the strength of an eighth level grand mage.

“Sir Du Wei.” The voice from this creditors faced Leonidas seems to be tinged with ill intent: “Considering your age and the fact that it’s your first assessment, it is already quite miraculous that you are challenging the eighth rank…. Ha-ha, the last time something like this happened was when Master Gandalf brought in that little girl for her test. I still remember it. It was only a year ago when that little child received her white mage robe from my hands.”

Unlike the rest of the people present, Old Alley only showed an odd expression as he carefully eyed Du Wei—compared to his peers, Alley definitely has a firm grasp on Du Wei’s true strength: “Du Wei, I think there is a need to explain the process to you since it’s your first time taking the assessment test. Hmm. Firstly, we will assess your magic power, control, and finally spells….. After all that, we will continue on to the most important part, which is real life combat! If you wish to tackle the rank of an eighth level grand mage, then you must challenge two seventh ranked mages without outside interference.”

Pausing for a moment, Old Alley slightly frowns before making a deliberate smile: “Of course, I know you are a direct disciple of Master Gandalf. Just like that little girl, I have no doubt about your abilities to complete the test. However, your time with your master isn’t long. To be challenging such heights so quickly may not necessarily be a good thing…. If I may suggest, why not start a little bit lower and gradually grow with time?”

Immediately recognizing the true intent behind Alley’s word, Du Wei turns to face the old crazed fool and cast a glance of gratitude.

Nevertheless, President Dorgan immediately shook his head and cried out a laugh: “Although his age may be young, but everyone in the square that day had already witnessed his brilliant battle records. If such a person were to talk out of here today with a mediocre status, I fear the world will think there was some kind of complications between us! Ha-ha-ha……”

Once again, these harsh yet soft words are pushing Du Wei against the cliff.

As for that elder senior of Du Wei’s, he was still spouting: “Du Wei! I’ll take care of you……”

After listening to everyone’s words, he got up and made a respectful bow. With a calm face, he then said: “I thank everyone for their suggestions. However, I do not intent to challenge the rank of an eighth level grand mage today.”

“Oh……” Old Alley nods with a relieved expression. In his mind, Alley really didn’t want this little guy to embarass himself before everyone here.

Dorgan’s laugh was sounding a bit weird as if he had succeeded: “Well then, Sir Du Wei, what level would you be aiming for? Six or seven? Hmm…. It can’t be that you are only going for a fifth rank, right? Don’t forget, you Gandalf’s disciple. If we send you off today with such a meager rank, not only you, but also the union will lose face.”

The subtext is: (It is even more shameful for you!)

“No!” Du Wei’s answer took everyone by surprise: “I have an even higher objective!”

Once this statement came out, everyone flew into an uproar!

“Can…… It be that you are challenging the ninth rank?” Even the deathly pale Leonidas had a change of tone!

Ninth level?

Challenging the ninth level on the first try?

Du Wei is still shaking his head: “No! Though the ninth rank is challenging in my opinion, but the path I chose is even more challenging!”

At his words, president Dorgan even had trouble holding up his tea cup.

“You! You can’t be aiming for tenth level, right?” Dorgan fumbles a little in his speech: “It’s a shame, but the union cannot perform such a test. The tenth level is the symbol of a “Saint Magician”! Such strength is not something the secular world can possibly measure!”

“No!” Du Wei face remained strong as he turned to look out the window. With a deep sigh, he then said: “Eight-ninth-rank, or even the Saint rank, in my opinion, they are nothing but passing winds…..”

Then he firmly said: “Teacher Gandalf taught me to choose my own path! Different front others, I must forge a path unique to myself! Therefore, I choose an even more challenging path…..”

With that, Du Wei turned to face the four amazed old gramps before him. Slowly and firmly, he righteously announced:

“I came today to challenge the qualification for……. Magic alchemy!”

……

…………

“Poof!” At his word, crazy Alley directly sprayed the tea in his mouth.

As for that generous Yierneisi, he was still laughing as he spoke: “HA-HA-HA! Rest assured! I will take care of you!!” It’s just that a unusual intent was mixed in with his laugh at this point….

Du Wei looked relaxed as he faced the self-smacking Dorgan: “Mr. President, I believe a Magic Alchemist is also a recognized member of the magic union, right?”

“That…… That’s right!”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.





* * *





Chapter 173




The 173th chapter “slave”

After bringing Cosette back to his residence, this big headed guy was still full of curiosity towards Du Wei. However, before Cosette left the union, Deacon Clark clearly warned him to treat Du Wei as his real master from today onwards.

“Just like your teacher.” That was how Clark described it.

Turns out Cosette had a teacher to begin with and his position inside the union is quite good as well. The person is in fact the very same Mage Azrael whom tricked Gargamel in the frozen forest years ago.

Fortunately Cosette’s status among his peers is of no importance, or else why would he be stationed outside as a supervisor for the wand shop? Also, Azrael has plenty of magic apprentices under him already, so missing one or two people like Cosette won’t raise any eyebrows at all.

As of today onwards, Cossette can be considered officially switched into Du Wei’s banner..

“What’s the matter, Cosette?” Du Wei saw that the big headed guy was looking a little odd compared to before, so he kindly asked: “What’s on your mind?”

“No, no, it’s nothing much, teacher Du Wei.” Cosette answered honestly in accordance with the union’s tradition. Contrary to what he intended, Cosette’s respectful words actually made Du Wei frown in displeasure.

“Cosette.” Du Wei stopped in his step and looked at his abducted genius: “I don’t need you to call me teacher.”

“But this is tradition……” Cosette whispered back in reply: “In the union, all magic apprentices are to call the magician whom they swore their allegiance to ‘teacher’.”

“But I am not your teacher.” Du Wei shakes his head: “You are not my student and more importantly, I have nothing to teach you. The reason I brought you back with me is for your brain. If I were to exaggerate my words, I will even need you to teach me things….” Fear filled Cosette’s face.

Du Wei tapped the stiff guy on the shoulder before looking at this big headed genius. With a smile, he then said: “Enough, you will understand in the future. What I value is your gift, so I hope you can help me do many great things in the coming days, okay?”

Then Du Wei no longer cared about the expressions Cosette was making. Pointing a finger to the end of the street in front of them, he continued to speak: “look, my residence is just over there.”

Further in front is Du Wei’s temporary residence. The place originally belonged to the Crown Prince and was rumored to be a place for his highness to hide his mistress. Whether this rumor is true or not is of no importance now.

Above all else, Du Wei was leaving the capital anyways.

It may not be grand like a mansion, but the house was still considerably big by normal standards. When Du Wei first moved into the place, the original servants and guards had long left the place to its own demise after the fall of the Crown Prince. Now living in the house is only the old housekeeper Marde and a couple of servants from the Rowling Household. These people did not want to go back to the Rowling Plains, so their only option was to temporarily stay with Du Wei at the time.

In addition, there is also Vivian, Gargamel, and the heavenly beast QQ in the house.

However, Gargamel and QQ’s existence is still a secret to the rest and only Du Wei is aware of their existence.

Upon reaching the entrance, Du Wei was surprised to find Vivian sitting quietly at the doorway. With her chin cupper against her hands, the girl was in a daze as she pathetically looked at the street corner. Even when Du Wei came up to her, the silly girl is still unaware of his presence.

“Why are you here?” Du Wei laughed as he watched the dazed Vivian sitting on the footsteps.

The truth is Du Wei was quite happy over Vivian’s willingness to come out. Since the day he brought Vivian back from “Brokeback Mountain”, the usually weak willed girl had locked herself up inside a room and refused to come out.

Every day he would go see her a few times, but every time Vivian was silent with grief. Du Wei did try to tease her to get her talking, but the result would always end with the poor girl dripping in tears around the corner of her eyes. Left with no other way, he can only leave her alone in the room to come to terms by herself. As the pain dissipates day by day, the scar will eventually heal with time.

Sure enough, Vivian is finally willing to come out and is even sitting outside the doorway. Delighted by this, Du Wei came up to her and lightly knocked the poor girl on the head. Squinting a smile, he then asked: “Hey! Are you in a trance? Do you not hear my words?”

Vivian lifted her eyes only to blink a couple of times as she looked at Du Wei. When she gradually regained her thoughts, she finally stood up only to find her knees sourly numb. Rubbing them to sooth her legs, Vivian then asked in a whispering voice: “You, you, pass the test?”

The little maiden still looked hurt and weak on the surface, but her voice showed a clear sign of concern for Du Wei.

Smiling, Du Wei’s voice also became softer: “Did you intentionally sit here just to wait for me?”

“I … … I was worried about you.” Vivian’s small cheek began to blush. Lowering her head to hide her embarrassment, she then said: “The ma-magic assessment is very difficult. I’m worried….”

Du Wei patted his chest heavily to show the magic alchemist badge pinned to his shirt: “Rest assured. You see? This is my badge. Now standing before you is a genuinely qualified magician.”

Vivian widened her eyes to stare at the badge. However, before the girl can say a word, Du Wei was already pulling Vivian through the doorway. As the two walked a few steps, Du Wei suddenly turned around to face Cosette: “Why are freezing up? Come in!”

Marde was also quick to come meet them as he furiously ran out from the inside. Upon seeing his faithful servant, Du Wei instructed old Marde to pick a good room for Cosette: “Let him pick a room since there is so many anyways. Aigh, whenever night rolls around, the place becomes deserted ghost house.”

Marde nods in understanding. Just when he was about to back away to carry out his orders, Marde suddenly recalled something: “Master, Miss Rolynn came around today. She said there are some matters about the shop she needs to discuss with you. Although business is good, but she made it clear there is a lack of staff. If possible, she would like you to make an appearance at the shop. From the way she sounded, it would seem she is not satisfied with the two craftsmen in the store…. Also, there is the matter of the quadruplets you sent to help her. It is quite obvious she is not happy with them.”

Du Wei only nodded: “Marde, I understand… … Hmm, you also need to remember one thing. Do not call her Miss Rolynn anymore. Remember, she is a knight. No matter what the occasion is, you are to call her knight Rolynn, remember that? This point is very important.”

Rolynn does indeed have some annoying problems at hand.

Although her boss is on a roll without any signs of declining, and the fact that Du Wei left his entire business operation to her, there is still one major problem: she does not like her work.

In essence, she prefers the job of managing the pirate fleet. At least with the fleet out in sea, there will be adventure and excitement. Even if she couldn’t wear a set of gorgeous gowns every day, she would still rather do that than spend her days handling the hypocritical nobles in the capital.

At the moment, she is still willing to submit to Du Wei’s arrangement. With her intelligence, it wasn’t hard for Rolynn to see through Du Wei’s difficulty of finding more people. Although this little master of hers is rising through the ranks at an immense pace, but too fast may not necessarily be a good thing. Without enough people at hand, this weakness could become a fatal weakness in the future if not solved.

As such, Rolynn is still willing to obey and dedicated herself to managing the business for Du Wei.

As a result of her loyalty, she was able to demonstrate her full capabilities. Though every day she was forced to be beside all those snobby nobles, but unlike before in her adventuring days, she did not have to sacrifice her sex appeal….. Thanks to Du Wei’s image change on her, all Rolynn has to do now is maintain her cold appearance and the nobles would flock to her side like flies.

Very soon, she found herself unable to cope with the ever increasing workload. Though she knew Du Wei was going to the union today for his assessment test, but this clever female knight was confident in her young lord…. It’s a joke actually. She is far too familiar with Du Wei’s method of doing things, so she wasn’t worried in the least. Instead of asking about Du Wei’s test result this morning, she would rather stay in the shop and address some of the issues at hand.

Business is very good currently. In just a few days, the sales have netted 500,000 gold coins for Du Wei. Deducting the expenses upfront, Du Wei’s net worth right now is already in the millions.

Without any middle man to exploit his profit margin, Du Wei can continue to directly import all those goods from the mercenaries in the northern forest. With the freshest of goods and a slightly lower price point, about half of the original shipment brought in by Rolynn was already sold.

To solve this, she had already sent someone to deliver a message to the ships parked at the Enke Port this morning. The reason is to instruct the pirate crews to immediately head back into the north and import more supplies.

After that, Du Wei finally arrived with little Vivian. Since the little maiden is willing to step out of the room, then he cannot let her be stuck at home anymore because walking around is also a good way to calm the heart.

Luckily, Vivian showed great interest in the goods Du Wei was selling. In her view, the goods imported from the northern forest had many uses related to the magic field.

Leaving Vivian behind so that she can slowly pick out what she liked, Du Wei and Rolynn went into a room upstairs to discuss the matters at hand.

Once inside, Rolynn started to explain the more pressing matters at hand.

Firstly, there is a lack of manpower. Since the business is orientated towards the noble and wealthy class, then we must have some well-trained waiters standing by. A nobleman is not your average customer. We can’t just go purchase some slaves from the market and have them work here. If they are not trained properly, then gossip wills naturally spread, or even worse, you might even lose face.

Secondly, there is also the problem with the craftsman’s. All the goods we imported from the north are mostly raw materials that need to be processed. We may have hired extra artisans, blacksmiths, tailors, carpenters, and several engravers to help with the issue, but it is still far from enough.

In order to turn a monster hide into a dress or suit, it requires a highly skilled hand to do it. You can’t just randomly sew some leathers together and call it a day. Also, there is the problem of style. The noble class is very particular about this, and it is very clear we are still insufficient in this department.

There is also the precious monster nucleus in our hand. Although most have been ordered by the union, but there are still some occasional nobles that would come seeking one or two in order to recruit a mage.

Besides all this, there are the weapons too. This subject is what’s giving Rolynn the biggest headache.

At the moment, the current materials reserved in the warehouse are all first class goods. However, the two blacksmiths under us is too average. Aside from the lack of staff, the two mediocre blacksmith actually damaged some of the earth dragon scales while they were processing it. Not only is the heat insufficient during their forging process, It was utterly shameful when I tested one of the blades. When I knocked one of slender blades against the anvil to test its sturdiness, the blade actually broke apart!

The truth is the two blacksmiths has been very hard at work, but their talent is simply too lacking. In their time, they came in contact with numerous weapons, but never once in their life did they come across so many good things.

All these points are just the icing on the cake. What really upset Rolynn the most is in fact the quadruplets!

Once valued in the millions, the quadruplets should be serving Du Wei after being gifted to him. However, the moment he brought the girls home, he immediately tossed them into Rolynn’s hand.

Du Wei’s thinking is very simple. He hopes to continue the development of his business and if possible, start producing some magic tools in the future! Mages are never short on money. No matter the rank or level, large numbers of nobles would gladly line up to shower these people with gifts and money. As such, this special grouping of people in society is the best type of consumer.

Not only are his goods from the north very suitable for crafting magic items, Du Wei also understands that just selling raw materials is far inferior to selling finished products! Sometime, the profits will double or even triple! Unfortunately for him though, a magic tool is not something ordinary craftsmen’s can produce.

On the Roland continent, there is a profession called “magic craftsman” specializing in making magic tools like wands, crystal balls, and in rare cases, magic scrolls! The number of people in this grouping isn’t very large, in fact, it’s miniscule. Despite their small numbers, their occupation is rather unique and hard to come by.

Well, Du Wei did know where to find some of these people, but most of them already belonged to the magic union. In the magic craftsmen profession, a small portion of these people are in fact themselves magicians. In order to supply themselves with enough items for self-consumption, they will only create small batches at a time. In rare occasions, one or two of these items would end up circulating through the market. As for the rest of the people in this profession, most of them are of magic apprentice origin. Due to their lack of talent, many of them are forever unable to become a true mage, thus, forcing them to seek out a path for survival in the world of magic.

Hence the quadruplets. Du Wei’s hope is that these girls will use their knowledge in the magic field to become his money making machine.

It is obvious Du Wei’s value outlook on these girls are completely different from most men’s.

If changed to any other noble, those lustful beasts would have already locked these rare beauties inside a room and refused to let them out.

“To be perfectly blunt your lordship, I ask you to take these four away with you!”

Rolynn is very blunt in her words: “They are not here to help me! Every day I would even need to break up some of my people to serve them! Humph……”

Du Wei frowns: “There is such a thing?”

What came next is Rolynn narratively explaining her encounters in the past few days.

It turns out it wasn’t just Rolynn being depressed, the quadruplets were also depressed. Since little, the four girls were already considered rare beauties. After being bought by Sir Biliaibuer, the guy spared no expense to train and give the girls ample knowledge in magic. His expectation is simple, “design the girls from the grounds up so they can entertain men in the future.”

Even back in the years under Sir Biliaibuer, the standard of living for the quadruplets could even rival a lady from a small noble household.

At the first the girls were still pleased over the fact that they were given to Du Wei. After all, he is young, handsome, and with a powerful background. To top it all off, Du Wei even became a Duke!

The girls originally thought that if they can use their sex appeals and obtain Du Wei’s love, then they would be able to transform from a peacock to phoenix.

Unfortunately, Du Wei never even laid a finger on them before throwing the girls into Rolynn’s hand!

To the girls, the most annoying thing is Rolynn! This rude, cold hearted woman is daring enough to tell them to work!



……



Listening to Rolynn’s story, Du Wei became gloomy. He took one look at Rolynn’s eyes before speaking: “So you can’t take them on? Knight Rolynn, I am very disappointed in you! You managed to pack a bunch of unruly pirates away before, but now, you can’t even handle four little girls?”

She started to look a bit awkward: “… … These ladies are after all sent from your side, I…..”

Du Wei immediately understands Rolynn’s worry. With a smile, he then said: “You can rest assured that they are not my woman; I also don’t intent to let them be my woman! Now are you assured? Since I sent them to you, they are under your control! If they still won’t listen, then you can handle them as you please!”

Rolynn lets out a long sigh because she is finally relieved.

Looking at the female Knight’s face, Du Wei secretly laughed inside: and with that, it is expected the quadruplets will be suffering quite the bitter experience in the coming days.

After a moment of hesitation, Du Wei then said: “The problem of manpower cannot be fixed quickly. The only solution we have before us to slowly find one from afar. In the capital, no one is going to impart their skilled craftsman to us willingly. We could go rob them, but that would mean offending the other party. Though they wouldn’t openly retaliate considering my status, but it would be a whole different matter after I leave. Therefore, its best not try any offending things!”

“But all good craftsmen’s are already with a Lord, where are we going to find one then?” Rolynn sighed in frustration.

“Its true things aren’t working out. The only dumb option left for us is to produce one.”

Du Wei also shakes his head: “But the cost is too much and long with a slow effect. Let’s first put the Craftsmen issue aside for now, and then I will slowly come up with a solution…. Hmm, it’s still early, lets first head over to the slave market in the city. Maybe we can get lucky and find some proper manpower.”

Roland continent’s slavery policy had long been opposed by the temple for the past millennium.

Of course, in Du Wei’s view, this is not the Temple being noble. Instead, it was because the temple had no way of cutting a share in the huge profit margin.

Although the continent may seem peaceful on the surface for hundreds of years, but the expeditions into the southeastern sea and small outbreak of rebellions had produced tons of prisoners…. This was especially true in the recent expeditions out in sea. Originally, the booty was still large and grand to make it profitable, but as time pressed on, the amount of goods started to dwindle down to nothing. As such, the only thing left to pillage is the indigenous tribes themselves.

Southeast Asia, there are often small outbreaks of rebellion in the Northwest, after the military conquest of the Empire, always appears as a lot of prisoners … … Especially the South Pacific Expedition fleet, expedition came back at a time, will bring back a large number of booty … … Much of which was captured on the large islands from Southeast Asia to the indigenous.

With that, it became the trend for the slave market to be flooded with the indigenous tribes from the southeast. According to a recent census, it is estimated there is more than 8,000 slaves from the southeastern island. Some of which has been living in the capital for many years and in some cases, they are even second generations.

Of course, there are many slaves that is of freemen origin. Due to being improvised and unable to survive on their own, some of these men and women would sell themselves to a willing master. In addition, there are the prisoners of war from the several outbreaks of rebellions in the empire.

Aside from all the previous cases, there is a special classification of slaves called “official slaves”. These people are usually from some ruined noble household. For example: in the recent coup of the crown prince, many people that partook in the event was convicted and was revoked of their free citizen status. Thus is their fate of being sold as salves in the market.

Funny thing is, the biggest slave company in the capital did not belong to any random person; rather, it was a direct department of the imperial government! It just so happens that the place is located in the west side of the slave market where a large portion of the “official slaves” is being sold.

As such, the yearly income from this business is bringing in quite the large sum for the imperial court.

And the reason the Temple is so discontented is because they couldn’t take a slice of this big cake!

The capital’s slave trade is mostly concentrated on the South Western part of the city. Inhabited by more than 900,000 citizens, this area accounted for almost half of the population in the imperial capital.

This thousand meter long street wasn’t just for slave trading, it is also a place for people to seek work.

In other words, this is similar to the “labor market” in Du Wei’s past life.

At the end of the street, a square was connected to it. Originally, a fountain with a luxurious statue is centered in the middle, but due to popular demand, the place was revamped for business many decades ago. In its stead, multiple platforms were built to be used for slave trading.

Above the square, several tall platforms were used as the center to gather crowds and onlookers. In its mix, many were merchants that came from afar with hopes of hitting it big when they go back. Of course, there are some servants from certain noble houses that came to buy in fresh blood for their masters.

Standing on the platforms are some slavers with whips in hand. Just about every one of these people is protected with strongly built guards for their security. Behind these heartless people are cages. Chained and kept against their will, many men and woman are bound behind bars, ready to be sold to the highest bidder. These poor souls are the recent batch of slaves brought in from elsewhere. Because they are still unwilling to accept their fate of being slaves for the rest of their lives, the slavers are forced to keep them behind cages.

While the other slaves on the high platform remained still, their faces were already pale and their eyes hollow without life. These people had long surrendered to fate and accepted their life of chain and servitude. Therefore, the only thing needed to bind them is a thin rope around the neck.

Even the slavers were daring enough to constantly move over to the slaves just to squeeze the face and mouths of their product. The reason is prove to the customers that their products had no problems or disease. Like beasts, these poor souls did nothing and fully heartedly accepted their destiny.

Disguising themselves in common wear, Du Wei and Rolynn mixed into the crowd without arousing the attention of others.

Through the efforts of Rolynn leading the way, the two finally managed to squeeze through the crowd.

In addition to the slave stands on the sides of the road, there are also many people of all ages and sex with ulterior motive. Though they had different reasons for being there, they all had one thing in common and that is a cloth draping over their arms.

These people are not slaves, but free citizens of the empire. However, in order to survive through the harsh condition in their life, these people are revolt their freedom. If a black cloth is hanging off their arm, then it means they are willing to become a slave.

Of course, there are some reluctant to become slaves. Standing there, their arms are draped with a white cloth, meaning they are willing to follow a master under the status of a free citizen.

There are actually quite a lot of these people. Mainly comprised of artisans and horse groomers, there are also many lowly skilled warriors.

Du Wei found that several of the people claiming to be warriors were already in rags. Though their face remained stern like that of a real warrior, but their swords were already rusting. Such a sight was unusually obstructive.

A warrior’s survival in the capital is not easy. As the epicenter of the empire, the place is swarming with experts. Basically, an intermediate ranked warrior can only live the life of a bodyguard for a noble.

As for a lower ranked warrior, it would become much more difficult. For those unlucky ones, they would only be able to find a job as a laborer for a noble household while the luckier ones work as a bodyguard for a transport caravan.

Only the bottom dwellers like the rank one or two warriors cannot find a livable job.

The growth of magic and the decline of warriors is the trend of the entire continent.

“Master, look!” Du Wei was just in the process of evaluating some warriors when he suddenly heard the call from Rolynn. Looking in front, he saw the crowds of people were starting to move towards the site of where most of the “official slaves” are located!

In terms of quality or price, an “official’s slave” is generally much higher than an ordinary slave. The reason is because such a slave is usually read to go the moment you buy them; therefore, many people are still willing to spend the extra expense to purchase these slaves.

“Let’s go take a look.” Du Wei nods.

It looks like he came at the right time because it seems a new batch of goods is about to go on sale.



If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.





* * *





Chapter 175




The 175th chapter “strange slave”

After accompanying Du Wei for a while, Sandy finally brought them to a platform in the northwestern corner of the place.

“The slave shop here is one of the busiest in this place.” Sandy’s statute was quite small compared everyone else’s, thus, forcing him to tiptoe through the crowded street in order to converse with Du Wei. Though Du Wei’s age wasn’t very old either, but the Rowling household’s lineage really did give him the edge in such a situation when it came to heights.

“It has the largest business among all the shops here. In addition, the boss has the most influence in this place due to his ability to find the most slaves. And above all else, their location is extremely good!”

“What difference does it make?” Du Wei curiously asked.

“There certainly is a difference!” Sandy tirelessly explained: “their stand is right here where it’s opposite to the sun. Because of the strong light shining on the slaves during the auctioning process, even the scrawniest of the slaves would look like their spirit is lifted! In this place, there are rules regarding what site a shop can take. Take a look over there. That shop may be big in appearance, but it is located near a hidden corner over at the entrance where the shade is always lurking. Think about it…. By the time buyers get to that place, they are already planning to leave for home by then.”

Then at this time, a colorfully dressed clown came waltzing out onto the high stage in front of the crowd. This oddly dressed mate may seem a bit weird on the surface, but the volume in his voice wasn’t to be taken lightly. With a single smack of his whip onto the ground, a dozen or so people tied together with a single string on their necks came walking out from the back. Apparently, these are what they called the “mature slaves”.

“Dear ladies and gents, look! These slaves are all useful! Take a look at these heads and muscles! If you buy them home for manual labor, all you need to do is give them a little bit of food to keep them going like an animal! Also, every one of them is capable of basic farm work! Though their courage is smaller than a rabbit, but their strength can rival even a cows! Such a slave would be more than a match for three workers!”

With that, this clown like guy ran around to a male slave next to his side. Despite the fact that the slave is a bit skinny on the side, but his bone structure was extremely sturdy with a good height to match! Moving his hand, the slaver started to pull against the guy’s lips to showcase his mouth: “look at it! There is nothing wrong with it! Look at the mouth! Look at his eyes! Three silver coins! With only three silver coins, you can take back with you a honest and hardworking slave! They can eat anything, so all you have to do is throw them a little bit of oatmeal or porridge every day and they will work like a horse!”

Du Wei talked it over with Rolynn because they really did need people like that back at the shop. Just as Rolynn was about to raise her hand to bid, Sandly quietly pulled against Du Wei’s sleeve to mouth off a word:

“Wait a bit more.”

The dozen or more so slaves were very soon purchased by several more merchants in the crowd. While they paid in the front, their followers were quick to go pick up their merchandise in the back.

Du Wei gave Sandy a puzzled look. Seeing this, Sandy quietly hid behind Du Wei and spoke in a hushed tone: “The guys just now won’t do! The guy standing in the front isn’t bad, but didn’t you notice it? The two behind him looked like they couldn’t even stand anymore. Also, one of the guy’s shoulders was titled. I’m sure of it, the guy has some leg problem. Just wait; there will be even better stuff to follow.”

Sure enough, the next batch was must stronger than before.

Sandy was too afraid to start blabber mouthing all the details to Du Wei. The reason is because he still needs to make a living on this street. As such, he can only quietly stand behind Du Wei and whisper a few rods to advise him: “It’s good now.”

On the fourth batch of slaves, every individual are fully dark skinned indigenous natives of the Southeastern Sea. Though they were all well muscled and strong, but Du Wei was surprised to find three old bones in the group. In fact, these people looked so deathly ill that he was afraid they might move on into the afterlife if they experienced some hard shock at the moment.

When such a group of slaves came out, the following people in the crowds seemed reluctant to put up a bid. Although most of the slaves in the group was good, but how can they take those old bones back with them just to waste food?

Du Wei glanced at Sandy, but the only reaction he got was a sigh. Murmuring his words, Sandy explained: “Oh distinguished young master, you won’t be wrong if you listen to me. Just buy this batch. These natives from the southeastern sea are very strong. Disregarding other reasons, just the fact that these slaves can match up to two regular slaves of the empire is more than good enough to compel you to buy! Especially those old timers up there; although they don’t look like much, but their role is not something you imagine!”

“What?”

“I’ve heard that these Southeastern natives are particularly respectful towards their elders. More often than not, the identity of those old bones up there is either a chief or an elder of some tribe! Therefore, all the young bloods would inherently be more respectful towards them and would unwilling to leave them behind….. You see, as long as you keep those elderly gramps alive at home, then those wild natured slaves won’t attempt to run away. Even by the odd chance they do make a run for it, how far do you think they will get by dragging such old people with them? Sure, it may take a bit more food to feed the three deadweights, but their value lies not in their labor, but their anchoring power against the others!”

Du Wei’s eyes sparked with light. In his mind, he was getting more infatuated by this little kid before him.

“But… Why are their hands shackled?” Du Wei asked: “A string is for the ‘mature slaves’, and a cage is for the ‘raw slaves’, then what is the purpose of a shackle?”

“This……” Sandy scratched his head as he spoke: “As a general rule, there are raw and mature slaves. However, there are exceptions. If a raw slave isn’t locked in a cage, then that means their personality isn’t very fierce and they have no records of trying to escape. In such a situation, they are relatively easy to tame. To tell you the truth, I feel the raw slaves are better than matured ones…… You know, anyone can buy a slave in the empire, but once that happens, starvation and malnourishment is unavoidable. After a year or two, even the strongest and sturdiest of men would become weak and old.”

Du Wei nods in understanding. Giving Rolynn a wink in confirmation, they finally started to bid.

“30 pieces of silver.” Rolynn’s crisp female voice really stood out in this place. Originally, there were already people in the crowd secretly looking over at this young beauty, but when she finally called out a bid; it really attracted the attention of everyone present.

When the slaver heard someone call out a bid, he immediately shouted: “Oh! 30 silver coins! This beautiful and noble Lady really knows her stuff! Look, look, 30 silver coins! Dear honorable guests, all of these slaves are good stuff! 30 silver coins is a very fair price, so is there anyone willing to do more?”

“35 silver coins.” A somewhat hoarse voice came out from the crowd.

Du Wei started to smile. Looking over at Sandy, he joked: “Oh, looks like someone has the same taste as you.”

Sandy smiled, somewhat embarrassed: “Oh young master, you are embarrassing me! My little bit of experience is gained by listening to others. There are a lot of people coming in and out of this place, and many of them are old hands at this. The only ones that don’t know this are the dumb sheep’s from afar that doesn’t understand the market.”

Seeing Du Wei nodded to her, Rolynn understood and began raising the price again: “40 silver coins.”

“45 silver coins,” the hoarse voice from the crowd continues to raise the offer.

This time around, Du Wei finally had the chance to take a clearer look at the person bidding against him as the curious onlookers in the crowd started to move away.

A middle-aged mustached man dressed in Lavender robes, though a little fat, but he was clearly quite healthy looking. And gathering around him were 3-5 young men’s in servant clothes that acted like a barricade against the surround people.

“50 silver coins.” Rolynn called out the offer in a light voice.

The fat man frowned with a hint of dissatisfaction in his eyes. After looking over at Rolynn, the guy sounded like he gave out a cold laugh before calling out his next bid in a loud voice: “60 silver coins, that all.”

At this time, Sandy finally recognized who the opposition was. Rushing to stop Rolynn, he pulled against the female knight’s wrist and whispered: “let it pass, stop calling.”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 176




The 176th chapter “breaking in halfway through”

Seeing how Du Wei was looking at him, Sandy quickly lowered his voice and said, “You are from out of town, so you may not have known this. As a regular here, that guy gained quite the fame from his purchasing habits. But that’s not all. His background is that of a steward for a large aristocratic family, so he is not to be trifled with.”

Du Wei lets out a faint chuckle at what he just learned. Then before Rolynn could open her mouth again to raise the bid, Du Wei had already spoken: “Ten…… Gold coins!”

Although “10” wasn’t all that big in the numerical scale, but 10 gold coins is equal to 100 silver coins. Therefore, when the crowd heard the young kid calling out such an offer, the entire area fell into an uproar!

It’s wasn’t that uncommon to hear stories of wealthy individuals paying high sums of money for slaves with unique features, but this time around it, was for 10 slaves mixed with 3 elderly gramps in the batch. Such a scene really piqued the interest of everyone present.

Moreover, there are many people in the crowd that recognized the middle-aged fat man, so they knew it was bad news to mess with him.

Inwardly, all of them were thinking: This kid is out of luck.

The fat guy called Guro is not reckless, in fact, his eyes were razor sharp. As he peered over at Du Wei, his initial assessment is telling him the kid before him is not mundane. Hesitating for a moment, he finally decided let up to avoid offending the opposition.

This place is after all the imperial capital, the land under the emperor’s feet, who knows if this kid is some family member of another major aristocratic family? Although Guro likes to be arrogant, but he is not foolish enough to be making trouble everywhere he went. If anything, the only people that he could in fact bully around this place are those foreigners without background.

Spending a moment in thought, he turned towards Du Wei and gave a friendly smile in greeting. To Guro, this is already the most he is willing to give up.

However, Du Wei simply ignored him and didn’t even bat an eyelash as he focused his attention on the stage.

After Rolynn finished paying, a slaver from above immediately jumped down to hand them a token. This token is so they can retrieve their slaves from the back.

Luckily Sandy’s assessment of others are very accurate, so the following group of slaves that came out also fell into the category of what Du Wei wanted to buy. However, something about this batch didn’t quite seem right in his view:

Altogether, there are 15-13 young men in the batch – all tanned skin with muscular bodies. Even though these people are standing in a straight file across the stage, their eyes were filled with vigor and life, just like that of a wild animal.

With the red flags raised in his mind, so was his curiosity. Taking a better look at the slaves, his sight instinctively fell towards the two black sheep’s hiding in the back.

One old and one young. No matter how much the white haired old grandpa tries to hide it, his prideful aura was clearly oozing out of his eyes. As for the little boy grasping onto the elder’s hand, his upper body may be naked, but he was clean and appeared to be in good health.

Like this, the young men on stage somehow turned into a defensive formation trying to shield the duo from the audience’s gaze.

When Sandy first laid eyes on the group, a spark of light was lit. Hurrying to whisper into Du Wei’s ear: “Oh honorable Sir, this group is the best! In fact, they are the best I’ve seen in the past few days! Do you see that old man? I’m certain the old guy wields great influence among his people! You see those tattoos? I heard these natives would only allow their most prestigious members to branded with such symbols! If you buy such a guy back home, I guarantee those youngsters would never attempt an escape!”

But this time around, the middle aged fat guy already called out an offer before Du Wei can even say a word.

“80 silver coins.” Guro’s offer immediately caused the crowd to gasp in surprise.

There were many other sharp eyed buyers in the crowd, but all of them were too afraid to compete with this Guro fella. As such, their only option left was to reluctantly give up.

“Ten…… Gold coins.” Du Wei still spoke in his calm and unwavering voice again.

This time around, Guro became somewhat unhappy.

In his mind, he was thinking: Why is this kid always fighting with him? Didn’t he already give the kid some face earlier?

Guro gave Du Wei a look before letting out a cold laugh. Then turning to a servant on his side, he passed on a few words in a low voice to instruct his subordinate. Nodding in understanding, the servant began to head over to where Du Wei was. As for the people in the crowd, they intentionally spread apart to open up a road for him.

As the servant came near to performing a standard greeting, his face remained polite on the surface. Clearly, the servants from a big noble household is much better trained in their manners.

“This young master.” The servant murmurs: “Our master Guro said he already gave you some face earlier, so why not let this one go? This way, there won’t be any hard feelings between us. Also, I want to mention it is our lord Count Biliaibuer that is seeking a new gardener.”

His words were spoken really well, neither soft nor hard, just right with enough subtle points to indicate their identity.

Count Biliaibuer?

Du Wei made a small chuckling laugh.

So it is Count Biliaibuer’s house! After the coup, this person’s status also soared into the sky like Du Wei. From rumors, it is said that after Marquis Solomon fell into ruin, the one to take over the management of the Royal Household’s asset is Biliaibuer.

The servant thought that after he revealed their identity, the other side would act accordingly to past practices and retreat.

But who is Du Wei? After finishing his laugh, Du Wei didn’t say much and only gave Rolynn a nod.

Rolynn didn’t do much, only grabbing a token from her pocket and handing it over to the servant. Then waving her hand, she dismissed the guy.

Seeing his subordinate returning with something in hand, Guro felt something wasn’t quite right. Hurrying, he hastily grabbed the item and had a look. It is then when his face immediately went pale!

This is only a small wooden token engraved with several simple patterns – this token is not Du Wei’s house symbol, instead, it is the symbol for his business.

The more Guro looked at the damn thing, the more frightened he became. As he lifted his head to look over at Du Wei, a realization finally donned on him!

Although Du Wei was dressed in a commoner’s outfit, but Guro had sharp eyes. Earlier when Du Wei moved his hands, Guro vaguely caught a glimpse of the gold bracelet hidden underneath Du Wei’s sleeve. Forged out of pure gold and engraved with a green gemstone, this is clearly a magic bracelet commonly used by a magician.

This explained a lot!

As a steward in Count Biliaibuer’s house, he would of course be equipped with enough a certain level of knowledge regarding the major powers in the capital.

Looking at the token in his hand and recalling the magic bracelet from before, Guro is almost certain of Du Wei’s identity now!

Losing every bit of his pride, a fountain’s worth of sweat came pouring out of his forehead as he came stumbling over to Du Wei’s side. After forcefully pushing through the crowd, Guro was just about to drop to his knees to beg for forgiveness when a thought stopped him at midpoint.

Du Wei’s outfit!

It was obvious the kid didn’t want others to know of his identity, so Guro immediately halted his falling legs with every ounce of his strength. Then in an awkward stance, he greeted Du Wei with a slight bow of his head before finally speaking in a humble voice: “Du…… Distinguished young man, I apologize for not recognizing you immediately! I…… I didn’t think your distinguished self would come to this humble place to…… I deserve to die! I deserve to die!”

After his speech, Guro didn’t wait for Du Wei to say anything else when he shouted up at the stage: “20 gold coins! 20!”

After finishing his words, he took a step back before speaking in a polite voice: “Oh noble young lord, please accept these slaves from me. Consider it a present on my behalf!”

Sandy was already frozen with shock…. And the crowds around them had a lot of people whom recognized Guro’s identity; yet, this arrogant guy was acting like a dog in front of a teenage kid….

This child … … What is his identity?!

Du Wei faintly smiles as he glanced at Guro: “Hmm, seems Count Biliaibuer’s men knows how to do things. In this case, Rolynn, accept it.”

“Thank you, thank you my lord!” Guro was so relieved that almost kneeled to the ground without intending for it. Guro is only a lowly steward in his household, so how can he expect Count Biliaibuer to stand up for him, especially when the opposition is a Duke!

The slaver that was dressed like a clown on the stage also recognized Guro. So when he saw how Guro was acting, how can this slaver not know when to advance or retreat?

Generally, when someone calls out an offer, he is supposed to cry out a few times to lure in more people to bid. But after seeing what just happened below, where would he find the guts to keep to the norm?

Just when he was about to announce the success of the sale…….

But unlikely today, there seems to be a lot of things brought together by fate.

On the furthest end of the crowd, an indifferent male voice echoed out: “25 gold coins. All of these slaves, we want them.”

The audience fell into a uproar!



If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.





* * *





Chapter 177




The 177th chapter “you can sweep the altar”

There’s still someone here that wants to pick a fight?

Even Guro dares not offend these people, so who is so daring that he is willing to court death by making an offer? Aren’t they too blatant in their provocation?

The crowds of people automatically separated to reveal the instigators true face in the back.

A tall, thin middle aged man with a cold face akin to a rock. Seemingly devoid of attachment to everything around him, his eyes were an incredible shade of grey that is extremely rare.

However, when everyone saw the kind of outfit this person was wearing, the crowd all gasped a breath of cold air!

The guy was wearing a style of robe that is commonly worn by those of a servant, but the important thing is not the robe, it was the embroidered logo on his chest!

This logo is very familiar to everyone! The reason is because this is the symbol of the Temple of Light!

A clergy?

When Guro heard someone wanted to make trouble at this time, this fat guy became enraged with fury. Turning around with his murderous gaze, he was just about to mouth off at the mysterious person when his voice croaked in the middle of his words!

The Temple’s??

He can’t afford to mess with such a power!

More importantly, this guy donning a garment of the Temple is obviously only a servant. While further behind the servant, the space behind the guy was already vacated of people before anyone could take notice.

A carriage pulled by two snow white horses is currently parked in the furthest end of the crowd. With several waiters standing in wait, these people not only looked refine in their gestures, but they are also dressed in the outfits reserved for the royal palace. That’s not all though. On their chest, each of these individuals hanged an emblem of the Temple!

As for the carriage window, a windowsill was hanged there to mask the true face of whoever was riding inside. The only thing showing was a delicate set of hands resting on the window’s edge.

Guro worked in the capital, so of course he would recognize the carriage and the person inside. With only a glance, his already dried sweat on his forehead was bubbling out again as he looked back and forth between Du Wei and the carriage. Revealing a difficult expression, this steward didn’t know what to do anymore because any side he took now would mean certain death.

As for Du Wei, he was currently squinting his eyes as he sized up the carriage.

The reason is because he had seen this carriage before, and it was not that long ago too in front of the palace!

Daughter of the late rebellious crown prince, her duty is the role of a Holy Maiden in the temple. As a member of the royal household, this princess willingly offered herself to serve god in this lifetime!

Like last time, Du Wei only stood there, but he can obviously feel the other side was peeking at him through the windowsill.

Considering both now and then, it is clear the opposition recognizes him, yet….

Du Wei smiles as he turns to look at Sandy: “Can the Temple’s people also buy slaves?”

The once clever little kid is now dumbfounded. Stuttering in his words, he replied with great effort: “It seems they can.”

Frankly said, Du Wei did not want to hold a grudge with anyone, but the other side is clearly targeting him.

If it was only for a few slaves, Du Wei might have just laughed it off and walked away.

But since this is a deliberate provocation, then why should he endure it?

“100 gold coins.” Du Wei continues to raise the offer without batting an eyelash.

After hearing such a number, the servant went to the carriage’s side and whispered a few words against the window. After getting a command from his master, the servant looked a bit stunned and coughed once before speaking again: “101 gold coins.”

Du Wei started to laugh now, but it was a very cold laugh!

“200!”

“201.” The servant also seem to think this method of doing things is a bit temperamental.

Du Wei narrowed his eyes: “300.”

“301 gold coins.”

The slavers on top of the stage are already sweating like a rainstorm had blown over their head. Under normal circumstances, they would of course be overjoyed to hear someone raising the bid, but it seems the money this around would burn their hands if they take it!

Du Wei is already offering up to 500 gold coins now.

He is not purely doing this out of grudge, but rather it was for his name. Otherwise, if word spread of the newly appointed Duke being pressured under the Temple’s will, then he can forget about ever making it big in the capital!

No matter how stupid a person is, the people in the crowd now can see something is terribly wrong. Spreading apart to make space for them, the two parties now became very eye catching, especially Du Wei and Guro’s side.

In such a situation, Du Wei is unwilling to back off. No…. the right word is he ‘can’t’ back off. If he did do such a disgraceful thing, then he might as well mop the floor with his name!

It’s not that Du Wei is reckless. When someone is deliberately pushing against you, then the only option is to fight back!

Otherwise, even if he did back off today, the other side will just continue to make trouble for him in the future! If that’s the case, then why not just go all out and snip the bud before it grows!

When the price is raised to 1000 gold coins, the other party suddenly went silent.

Then the one to break the eerie silence in the square was a charming small female voice. Though the voice sounded soothing, but Du Wei can vaguely pick up a cold intent in the words: “Since your dukeship is unwilling to relent, then let’s forget it…… Originally, I only fancied the young boy on stage because I felt he would be a good fit to help me sweep the alter.”

Duke?

The moment these words came out, many of the people present understood Du Wei’s identity!

The capital recently produced a young teenage Duke that shined in the recent coup. Considering his age and the fact that Du Wei is a genius magician, who wouldn’t know of his exploits?

Like this, many of the gazes shooting over Du Wei were filled awe and fear.

As for the person inside the carriage, her laugh was calm, but at the same time cold: “Your dukeship, since you are so insistent, then I have no choice but to back down.”

With that said, the other side apparently wanted to leave. But who is Du Wei? There is no way he is going to let thing slide so easily. In a loud voice, he shouted: “Your Royal Saintess.”

His way of addressing her is a bit farfetched, but since she is both a Holy Maiden and a Princess, then it’s technically correct.

“May I ask your dukeship if there is anything you need?” The voice of the Saintess inside was very calm and anti-climactic.

“Since you need someone sweep the alter, then I’ll send a few people over in a couple of days. As for this young kid, I also have great uses for him.”

“Oh?” This Saintess originally thought she made this young Duke eat a bad one so was inwardly pleased inside. Now that such words were spoken out, her curiosity was piqued: “Can it be that you intend to make that child your magic apprentice?”

“No.” Du Wei laughed, and then he deliberately cried out: “My home just so happens to be lacking a servant to clean the toilets.”

The people that can clean a alter for you is only qualified to be a toilet slave!

Du Wei’s meaning is obvious to everyone. Many of the people present wanted to laugh, but who would dare at a time like this?”

Only after a long period of silence did the Saintess break the silence: “let’s go!” Her voice is clearly filled with anger.

Looking at carriage riding away, Rolynn couldn’t stop herself from whispering into Du Wei’s ear: “master, don’t you think this is too much? It’s 1000 gold coins…..”

Du Wei shakes his head before speaking a serious manner: “1000 gold coins to make a Saintess eat a bad one in public, I think this is a very good deal. If possible, I rather spend 1000 gold coins every day to make her eat a bad one in front me. It’s not like master here can’t afford it.”

After a pause, his tail is sticking out now as he smiled wickedly: “Besides, do you really think I want to spend 1000 gold? Humph, as if these slaves are worth 1000 gold coins. Just now even a fool would be able to figure out we were bidding against each other. Now that my identity is known, do you think these slavers would dare ask me for money? Humph, even if I’m willing to pay, do you think these people would want to take it?”

Sure enough, the next thing that happens is just like Du Wei said. With one of his subordinates, the boss of this shop personally came down to hand over the purchase token. Trembling in every gesture he made, the leader spoke in the most honest tone he could muster: “This is a little gift to your Dukeship. If we had known your lordship is lacking some hands at home, we would have sent someone over. Please forgive us for not recognizing you; we will be sure to send over the best slaves tomorrow!”

Guro standing nearby was popping his eyes at the sight. Sighing: “Who says this Duke is reckless? Look! He was able to make the Saintess embarrass herself in public without spending a dime!”

Since his identity is already known, Du Wei felt there is no meaning in staying here anymore.

Just as he was leaving the market with Rolynn by his side, he came across the “official slave” shop that he was intending to visit from the start. However, because his mood for this place is already ruined, he didn’t pay much attention to the details. Then suddenly from on top of the stage, a sharp sound reached his ears.

“Du Wei! Master Du Wei! Your Lordship! Please! I beg you to buy me!”

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 178




The 178th chapters “not offending anyone”

When Du Wei heard the cry for help, he felt compelled to look over at the source. From high above the stage where the ‘official slaves’ were located, he saw rows of neatly dressed men and women standing there. Unlike the barbarians, these slaves were all different because they were all once part of a noble household that fell into ruin. As for where the noise was coming from, it was originating from a guy standing in the furthest row of slaves.

Sharp beaked with a cheek like that of a monkey, the guy’s wardrobe was already in tatters despite being made of high quality material.

The guy knew his previous outburst had already made him a target for the slavers. As he shivered in fear, the nearby slavers immediately came up from behind and violently lashed out at him with the whip.

Disregarding the painful lashes on his back, this person stared intently at Du Wei while shouting in the loudest voice he can muster: “Young master Du Wei, please buy me! Buy me please!”

Du Wei can only feel a vague familiarity as he took one look at the guy. No matter what he did, he just couldn’t pinpoint who this person was in his memories.

Stopping his footsteps, he turned to walk towards the stage. Immediately, the people on the street moved aside to make way for him. As for the slavers on top of the stage, they would of course be able to recognize Du Wei by now. Stopping their whips, they knew better to do anything rash in front of a Duke.

Raising a finger, Du Wei pointed it at the guy up on the stage: “Who are you? Do I know you?”

“Young master Du Wei.” The guy’s face looked like he was in a panic. Turning left and right with a difficult face, he gritted his teeth and cried out: “I am of Marquis Solomon.”

Du Wei eyes lit up with excitement. Seeing how nervous the tattered looking guy was, Du Wei cut him short and said: “I understand!”

With that, Du Wei gave Rolynn a look and said: “Buy him! No matter how much money, bring this guy back to see me.”

After his words, Du Wei walked away without looking back: “Sandy, come take a walk with me outside.”

Sandy hesitated for a moment before a light crossed his eyes. Then with a happy face, he followed up jollily like a kid given a treat.

Using the fastest speed to get out of the slave market, Du Wei took a look at the puffing kid behind him. Then in a quick whispering voice, he said: “I ask you, what do I have to do if I want to buy some official slaves? It has to be picked by me and at the same time, I do not want to offend the other noble parties here.”

“This” Sandy looked like he was in a predicament: “Master Duke” He sucks in a breath of air before whispering: “I know you identity is distinguished, but the official slave shop is opened by the royal household. Unlike the regular slave dealers, that place has its own rule. Who can buy, and what can be sold are all pre-decided. For example: the daughters of those ruined nobles are highly sought after. Before they are even put up for auction, these once noble ladies would have already been preordered.”

“Beat it!” Du Wei sent a foot at the kid’s ass. With a smile, spoke in a playful tone: “I don’t want women. What I want are men’s”

“A man? This will be easy then.” Sandy lets out a relived sigh.

In the official slave shop, the most sought after are those rare aristocratic daughters of a ruined household, especially the beautiful ones. Think about it. The once high and mighty nobility is suddenly thrust into slavery and if one has the connection and money, you can take such a girl home and ravage her to your heart’s content. What man wouldn’t like such a thing?

And the male servants along with the male children would consequently become slaves. Although these people are also in high demand, but considering his Dukeship title, Du Wei believes it wouldn’t be too difficult for him to get such a group under his wing.

“As long you are willing to spend some money then it won’t be a problem.” Sandy contemplates the idea: “But you are also aware of the situation in the official slave shop. I’m just a kid trying to make a living on the street, so I don’t know how to do this. However, I do know someone that does.”

Du Wei took one look at the kid: “Let’s do this then. I think you are quite clever so come with me. If you are willing, you can work for me from now on. I can’t come here every day, so you can take my place. If you do the job well, I’ll reward you heavily.”

Why did Du Wei buy that guy from the Solomon family?

Because he could see that the slave up there lives within the boundary of his own status!

Subtlety, Du Wei is starting to remember where he saw the guy. It was when he met Marquis Solomon back at the villa. That’s right; the guy is a personal attendant of the Marquis.

And what kind of people is Du Wei missing? It’s the kind that can help him manage his business!

And kind of person is Solomon? He is the royal merchant of the emperor that specializes in the management of the royal household’s asset! Such a person is bound to be surrounded by people that are capable in doing business!

After that Guro guy went back home, he immediately made a report about the encounter he made with Du Wei. Surprising Guro, Count Biliaibuer actually summoned him for questioning.

Guro is just one of the many stewards under Count Biliaibuer, so it was very rare to find him being personally question by his master. Explaining every small details of the event, Guro found himself being questioned for the entire night. Only until morning did Biliaibuer relent with a satisfied smile: “Guro, I now have one more thing i need you to do, but it will cause you to feel a little bit aggrieved. Rest assured. After this is over, I will send you to the north and have you take full responsibility of the business there. What do you say?”

Upon hearing this, Guro splashed down on his knee: “My lord, you?”

Fully responsible for the North’s business? This is a big fat meat!

Although staying the capital isn’t bad, but the Count already have so many stewards under his command. However, if he gets assigned to the north, then he will no longer be one of the many stewards here. Rather than staying here, why not change the scenery and become the leading figure somewhere else? And the business is so big over there, it is certain there will be many chances to benefit!

“Very good!” Count Biliaibuer nodded: “If so, then today I will have to wrong you a bit.”

With that, Biliaibuer suddenly stood up. With a deep voice, he cried out: “Come!”

From outside the door, two bodyguards quickly came into the room. Then pointing at the kneeling Guro, Count Biliaibuer sternly said: “Drag him out and break his legs! Once done, have someone bring him over to the Duke Du Wei’s residence! Have him stationed outside on the street near the entrance! After putting him there for the morning, have someone else bring him back to see me!”

Looking at the deathly pale Guro, Count Biliaibuer mildly smiled: “Rest assured Guro, I will find someone to give you the best treatment for you wound.”

Watching the horror faced Guro being dragged out by the guards; Biliaibuer can hear the loud screams of pain echoing into his study room a minute later.

“Someone come!” Count Biliaibuer sighed before whispering a few words. Very soon, two servants appeared at the doorway.

“Go to the villa outside the city and pick out a few young training girls around the age of 13 or 14. Also, make sure they look clean and decent on the surface. Then send them over to her royal highness over at the Temple. Tell her I found out she wanted someone to clean the alter and these girls are my gift to her.”

Finishing all of this, Count Biliaibuer conveniently grabbed for the glass of red wine in front of him. Then finishing the drink in a single gulp, he spoke his next words in a low voice: “Humph, one is the currently popular Grand Duke; the other is her highness the Saintess. I can’t offend anyone.”

The light bouncing off the wine’s red shade is causing the pale faced Biliaibuer to look a bit red. Putting down the cup, he began to laugh in a low voice.

“I can’t offend anyone. Aigh, it’s entirely the Regent’s fault. He killed the Crown prince, but he is still giving preferential treatment to the princess. God knows what the Regent is thinking in his heart. I can’t act rashly. Until I clear up the Regent’s intention, I can’t take a side! Otherwise, its no joke If I join the wrong team!”

Almost at the same time.

Du Wei has already returned to his residence. Bringing Sandy back with him, he dumped the kid into Marde’s care: Find him a room. From this point on, he is my personal attendant. As for the rules, you are to teach him.”

After a pause, Du Wei was just about to go back to his room when he suddenly stopped in his track. Thinking it over for a moment, Du Wei then left some words with Marde: “I’m afraid our front door will get a little lively tomorrow morning, but no matter what happens, you are to keep the door locked. No matter what type of strange things that happens outside, you are to make sure none of the family members go out. You hear me?”



If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.





* * *





Chapter 179




The 179th chapter “reasonable lies”

That evening, Rolynn brought all of the purchased slaves back to the warehouse behind the shop. In addition, after Du Wei’s identity was learned, the slavers also threw in several beautiful young slave girls to please the young Duke.

These indigenous slaves from Southeastern Sea seem to be very honest, but something in her mind is telling her something is wrong. Just what is wrong is something Rolynn couldn’t pinpoint still.

These slaves … … Seems to be too obedient.

Contrary to Du Wei’s hermit style of living, Rolynn has traveled the continent since she was little and seen many slaves in her time. These types of savage and untamed barbarians will only become obedient under the force of the whip. Otherwise, they are the type that is already tamed to the point where their eyes become hollow as their scrawny thin bodies shouldered the burden of heavy labor.

But this group of slaves … … From the time she received them from the hand of the slave dealers, the introduction she got was that these people are “raw slaves”. Yet, they are acting way too obedient.

Rather than calling the expression on these 20 bustling young man ‘numb’, it is better to say they are mechanical.

That’s right, it is mechanical!

They seem to be complying with every order given to them, but there was no joy or anger on their faces, much less the sorrow and agony of being ripped from their home.

But what’s even more funny, Rolynn seems have sensed the air of a soldier from these 20 male slaves!

Yes, soldiers! Their action is very neat, quick, and efficient. Even after they’ve been arranged into the workshop, the servant that was supposed to be there with the whip has become a decoration. That’s not all! When it was dinner time, these people even knew how to stand in line!

The only exception to this was the young and old duo. Sitting at the end of the table, the two acted like it was the most natural thing when the young men’s brought them their food. When Rolynn secretly observed the group, she found the other slaves didn’t even dare to eat until the two finished their food.

After a whole night of spying, she finally made up her mind and decided to immediately report this to the young master.

By the time Du Wei caught wind of the news, he was already wearing his sleeping gown and ready for bed. If not for his previous order to the people down below to always pass on Rolynn’s report, Marde would never have interrupted his rest.

At this moment, Du Wei was in his study room having an audience with Rolynn: “You mean the young and old duo is the head of this group of slaves?”

“It’s not that simple.” Rolynn slowly explained herself: “I don’t know how to describe it, but it’s mainly towards the senior there. His air and temperament seems to indicate he’s already used to such treatment. If I had to make a comparison, I could vaguely sense the same type of attitude only found in those great noble families of the imperial capital. Aside from this, there are also the other slaves in the group. Those men are young, strong, and well trained in their actions. In fact, I’m suspecting they were even put through a training course similar to that of soldiers. Though their abilities are still a notch below the imperial army, but it’s already not that far behind…. Remember, these indigenous tribes are originally a group of savages, so where in the world did they learn to behave like this?”

Du Wei eyes lit up. Returning to his bedroom to change his clothing, he and Rolynn immediately headed back towards the shop in the middle of the night.

Then inside an empty room that they prepared, Du Wei had someone bring over the young and old duo because he wanted to personally meet the two.

Like this, he observed the two as he sat quietly on a chair inside the room.

Very soon, he made the decision that this senior won’t be easy to deal with due to the lack of panic in the elder’s eyes. As for the kid, he also showed a bit of calmness in his appearance. Though the kid’s façade was good, but Du Wei was able to catch hold of the timidity in the kid’s roaming eyes when he first enter.

“State your name.” Du Wei spoke lightly as he sat in the chair: “I know you’re capable of speaking our language. The people that sold you to me explained your situation and that you are the most intelligent among your peers.”

“Ben Carson.” The old slave briefly spit out these words: “Ben Carson is my name.”

His ability to speak the language is not bad, but his pronunciation is still not very accurate.

“Your original identity.” Du Wei smiles.

Old senior went silent without answering.

“You have to understand one thing.” Du Wei speaks in a slow deep tone: “I don’t care what your previous identity was back in your old place, but you are a slave here. Your life from now on is mine! Do you get it?”

Old senior’s face leaked out a hint of struggle, then as if feeling helpless, he whispered: “I used to be a tribal prophet.”

Du Wei nods.

His old man relied on the merits of the southeastern sea’s conquest to climb the ranks, so Du Wei naturally had some insight into these indigenous tribes. When it came to these tribal prophets, their status is even more distinguished than those tribal chiefs.

“Well then, what about him?” Du Wei took one look at the child next to him: “What is his status?”

Old Ben Carson hesitated in his words: “He is our tribal chief’s son… … Our tribe was destroyed by your army and most of our people have already died in the process. The remaining survivors have been caught and brought back here.”

Oh … … The son of an destroyed tribe?

Du Wei smiled: “If you say it like this, then those young slaves with you two are also from the same tribe?”

“Yes.” Ben Carson nods: “All them are. They are very respectful to me and to our chief’s son, this is our tradition.”

Hmm, this explanation seems very reasonable.

Du Wei smiles as he stood up to say his next words: “Your answer is very good, but I need you to know one thing, no matter what your prior identity is, you are now my slave.”

“I understand that.” Old Ben Carson’s face looked obedient without any bit of resistance.

Du Wei nods: “I’m a kind person so I will not abuse you, nor will I treat you like cattle. I’ll also feed you well and clothe you to keep you warm. If you listen to me, I can even allow you guys to have some free time at night to perform your rituals towards your God!”

“……” Old Ben Carson looked up at Du Wei in surprise.

This teenager is actually familiar with our tribal practices?

The Southeastern Sea is vast and filled with numerous islands. Among these lands are many different cultures and beliefs that had sprung up depending on the tribe’s location. Completely different from the main continent’s religion, Du Wei only learned of this because he studied this out of curiosity when he was young.

His father is after all from the Navy, so it’s no surprise his home would be in possession of some knowledge regarding the southeastern sea. In addition, there are those old veteran soldiers that had retired from the navy after serving with his father, so these people didn’t find it strange when Du Wei asked about this. A kid is a kid; their curiosity can lead them anywhere.

Different from the Roland Continent’s single belief towards the Goddess of light, the system of worship for these tribes in the southeastern seems to be far more prosperous and developed.

(For anyone confused about the god stuff, there is only one Goddess of light for the temple. Due to cultural difference in wording, previous translations didn’t catch on to this until the author made it clear later on.)

According to the tribal legends of the southeastern sea, an ancient god created the world before giving birth to many sons and daughters. Later on, these beings are then charged with the management of the world and the elements that dwells within it. Compared to the Temple’s teaching, their version is far better.

For example: the goddess of harvest, the goddess of the rain season, the Sun God … … (The tribes lives in the tropical ocean, so they would naturally never see snow in their lands. Therefore, an ice god or snow god wouldn’t exist.)

And every tribe in the southeastern sea would choose of these gods as their guardian spirit to worship.

They all comply with the same common legend of how God created the world and recognizes all other tribal gods.

On this point, Du Wei found it very interesting because unlike the Temple, the continent only has one faith and that is the Goddess of Light. Aside from this, any other cult or belief is considered evil and will be excluded with everything the Temple can throw at it.

Of course, the only relatively enlightened point of the Temple is that you can choose to believe in them or not.

However, even if you don’t believe in the faith, you still can’t insult the Goddess or believe in another religion.

Either you believe in God or you don’t, otherwise, the temple will treat you as a heretic and burn you to death.

And the southeastern tribes never seem to be in conflict over such matters. Respecting each other’s belief, they admit the world is ruled by many gods.

Most of the tribes in Southeastern Sea will perform a praying ceremony in the evening, and this ritual is headed by the tribal prophet.

“You know a lot about our customs.” Ben Carson tightens his mouth after saying this much.

“Yes, I know a bit.” Du Wei smiled: “I can give you this freedom, of course, only if you are obedient.”

“Thank you, you are a kind master.” Old Ben Carson bends slightly: “I will have them be good.”

As if casually walking to Ben Carson’s side, Du Wei’s eye inadvertently floated to the tattoo’s showing on the senior’s body.

“What is this?” Du Wei said this with smile: “This is your tribe’s Totem?”

“…… Yes, that’s right.” Ben Carson nods: “Our belief is the Sun God and this symbol is the sun’s wheel. Our former tribe is called the Sun tribe.”

Du Wei nods in understand before ordering Rolynn to take the young and odl duo away.

Just when Old Ben Carson and the young kid was about to go out, Du Wei suddenly asked from behind: “Why does kid not have a tattoo? I heard every important figure must be tattooed, right?”

Old Ben Carson turned around, his expression was very calm: “Yes, what you said is not wrong my lord. But from where we were from, only those of 14 years of age or older can be considered an adult. Only after going through the rite of passage can he be qualified for a tattoo. Right now, he is only 12 years old.”

“Oh, well then, just one more question.” Du Wei was still smiling as he walked up to the kid: “What’s your name?” He said this in a very gentle voice.

The kid’s eye started to show some fear: “Lufei……”

Du Wei lets out a small laugh. Glancing over at the old senior, his smile that he had kept up till now was gradually becoming cold.

“Lufei, that’s a good name.” Du Wei laughed coldly: “Rolynn, bring Lufei to the next room and have him have a taste of something interesting!”

With that said, Du Wei turned around and went back to his chair.

Rolynn is already up and two ferocious looking thugs were coming up to drag the poor kid away. Like this, the group of three went over to the room next door.

The two subordinate under Rolynn are all pirates from the fleet, so their faces are totally sinister from top to bottom. Seeing this outcome, Ben Carson’s face immediately darkened. Turning around to face Du Wei, he anxiously exclaimed: “Noble master, this is…..”

“This is punishment for lying.” Du Wei sat in the chair and coldly looked at the old man.

Old Ben Carson splashed down to his knees and cried out: “I … … I’m not lying! Everything I said was true……”

“Humph!” Du Wei sneered: “Sun tribe? Prophet? The son of the chief? Lufei? Do you really think I’m so easily fooled like those dumb nobles?!”

It was in this moment, the screaming cries of panic and fear came from the room next door. After the initial outcry, the sound of whips lashes came next!

PA!!!

That is the sound of the whip hitting flesh, Loud and crisp, mixed with the screaming cries of the kid, Old Ben Carson immediately jumped and tried to run over to the room. Unfortunately for him, Rolynn immediately pushed him back down with one hand.

“Rolynn, first have the kid take 20 lashes.” Du Wei expression was cold, very cold…… “Ben Carson, humph, I don’t even care now if that is your real name. However, you must know a child’s body may not be able take such punishment. If you are not going to tell me the truth after 20 lashes, I’m going to increase it to 40. Then if you still won’t tell me by then, I’m going to increase it to 60, 80, and so on! Until you tell me the truth, I won’t stop!”

Ben Carson began to sweat uncontrollably on his forehead: “… … All I said is the truth! The Truth!!”

“The truth?” Du Wei sneered: “All you did was made up a plausible lie to deceive me!”

Suddenly standing up, Du Wei threw the cup in his right hand and smashed it into Old Ben Carson’s feet. With a loud thud, the cup shattered and the water splashed all over the senior’s face in the process.

“You think I don’t know?” Du Wei sneered: “Sun tribe? What a joke! It’s not wrong, the southeastern sea does have a Sun’s tribe, but that was 14 years ago! On the ninth expedition of the empire, this tribe was sixth group to be exterminated. You say this kid’s name is Lufei? I’ll tell you now. I also know some of your people’s words and Lufei mean’s ‘wind’! Do you expect me to believe a Sun’s god’s believer would name their child ‘wind’? Do you think I’m stupid? Or do you think I like those other nobles knows nothing about the Southeast?”

Du Wei icy gaze finally fell upon the tattoo on Ben Carson’s arm: “Lastly, your tattoo! Dear Mr. Prophet! Indeed, from legend, the prophets do have tattoos, but is your tattoo of the Sun tribe? Is it the Sun God? What a joke! You are taking advantage of my lack of knowledge regarding your culture!”

Du Wei suddenly lifted his hand and dipped a finger into the spilled tea on the floor. Then quickly moving his finger, he drew a pattern on the floor.

“This is the real Sun Totem! Sun God’s totem!”

Seeing how Du Wei casually drew the pattern in front of him, old Ben Carson sensed a chill rise straight from his heel up to his brain!

His reaction now is like someone seeing a ghost when facing this young aristocrat.

He … … How does he know! How can he have such clear understanding of us?!

Ben Carson would of course recognize the pattern Du Wei created! Without missing a single stroke, the symbol is exactly the real sun god’s totem! The knowledge of this young aristocrat is beyond what Ben Carson expected!

“Do I need to keep going?” Du Wei coldly laughs at the Ben Carson: “You still won’t give up? Then I’ll tell you, your tattoo is not even a totem, but a fire symbol! What a joke! Do you think I can’t even distinguish the difference between a regular flame symbol from a totem symbol? In your culture, a fire symbol only carries an auspicious meaning and not a representation of a god!”

Old Ben Cason’s whole body is already sweating profusely.

“What now?” After saying all of this in a single breath, Du Wei’s tone gradually calmed down: “Are you surprised? Then tell me your true identity! Humph, you can be considered clever and cunning already. Making a entire lie to fool me. If not for the fact that I studied your culture, then I might have really been cheated by you!”

Ben Carson was still in a daze when Du Wei reminded him: “The poor little Lufei is still enduring the whip lashes, so are you still going to waste more time thinking it over?”

At this point, Ben Carson suddenly cried out in freight from the chilling reminder: “No! Don’t! Don’t hit him! I’ll speak! I’ll say everything!!”

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.





* * *





Chapter 181




The 181th chapter ”I want to jump into a river!”

“Now then, first take these two away and give the little kid some sweets since he’s been through some fright tonight.” Du Wei may be smiling still but there was something about his tone that sent chills down everyone’s spine.

Waiting till Rolynn tasked someone to bring them away, Du Wei immediately returned to his serious manner: “Rolynn, you have no time to rest. Go immediately and get some slaves from the market. I don’t care if you have to rob them or buy them, just get them back here! They must be natives from the southeast and above all else, they must be able to speak our language. Preferably some elderly slavers because only people like that would be versed in their old myths and legends! Go now! I’ll wait for you here!”

Rolynn did not disappoint. Moving out immediately, she and several of her subordinates went to the slave market in the middle of the night and unlike before, all she had to do was proclaim her origin and the slave dealers gladly offered up three old slaves to her.

With the slaves back at the manor, Du Wei then began his interrogation regarding the legend around the “lost tribe”. Out of worry for these people making up lies, Du Wei had to separate every single one of them and ask them the questions individually. Luckily, after much effort and time, Du Wei is certain the story is true because their versions were all about the same.

God’s tribe?

Du Wei was alone in the room thinking over details. After a good while, his heart had a faint itching that something was off.

The Southeast native tribes all worshipped different gods, but all these gods are all recognized as the children of the creators.

But oddly enough, Du Wei never noticed a tribe that used the creator as their patron god! All these tribes only worshipped the children’s of the creator like the god of harvest, the rain god, the sun god, and etc…..

Such a phenomenon is very strange.

But tonight, Du Wei finally figured out the reason.

God’s tribe, the lost tribe…… Is in fact the highest and central point of all the myths and legends in the southeastern sea!

The reason is because this mysterious tribe is the only tribe that used the creator as their patron god!

Only them, and only they can have such qualifications to do this!!

If any other tribes dare to do this, their actions will immediately be recognized as an offense to god and they will be treated as heretics! If that happens, the sinners will be exterminated without remorse! The reason for this is because in everyone’s eyes, the creator is too extraordinary, so no one is qualified to use such an extraordinary god as their object of worship!

But the only exception to this is this god’s tribe……

In the legends, the ancestor of this mysterious tribe is said to be the youngest son of the creator. Because this son was overly loved by his father, the other sibling gods became jealous with envy. As such, this son was sent to the mortal realm to suffer through hurdles in life. Once all the suffering is over, it is said this son will be able to return to the heavens and inherit his father’s position! And even in the mortal world, this tribe is said to be blessed by the creator so they can protect the native tribes in the southeastern sea.

This mythical legend left Du Wei wondering if he should cry or laugh at how dumb it was.

Able to directly communicate with the creator? Blessed by the creator? The Southeast is about to be exterminated by the empire, so where is this so called protection from the creator?

Myth is a myth after all.

Du Wei thought it was like this.

The key to this myth is that no one knows where exactly this mysterious tribe is located. Unlike the stationary tribes living on the islands, the God’s tribe doesn’t have their own land and is constantly migrating from one place to another. Drifting through the ocean, their identity is a secret to everyone with only one feature to recognize them.

Different from the rest of the native tribes, this mysterious tribe will never have any tattoos on their main body! The reason is simple: their patron god is the creator; therefore they have no need for worship tattoos.

“Ah, that right.” Du Wei began to smile: “There’s no need to worship their own sister and brothers is there?”

But they do have one unique tattoo and that is on the sole of their feet! The meaning behind this feature is to indicate the representative of the creator is walking in this world!

In Southeastern Sea, there is a widespread saying among multiple tribes:

If you see a man without a tattoo.

Then would you please bow down to him.

If you see his feet when you are bowing.

Then please kiss it.

If you do, you will be bathed in the creator’s light.

Du Wei thought about this for a long time, and then he began to laugh like a demon.

“Rolynn, I’ll have to trouble you to bring his honor the Grand Prophet and his son over.”

Ben Carson was jumpy to begin with after the first meeting with Du Wei. In his mind, he thought he already managed to pass through this hurdle, but then the little noble suddenly called him and Lufei back for a second meeting.

Lufei received quite a bit of shock tonight, so his eye was wide open when he was called upon again. As for Ben Carson, this old sly fox could already guess the reason for the second summoning, so his body was trembling nonstop.

Du Wei pointed a finger at Lufei: “Rolynn! Undress the kid’s clothing! Take everything off!”

Rolynn faithfully completed Du Wei’s command, and very soon, the 12 year old boy was standing nakedly in front of Du Wei.

Sure enough, this child’s body did not have any tattoos.

“Next…… Show me the child feet!”

Pok!!

Old Ben Carson’s face was full of despair. With his eyes closed, this old man is already fainted on the ground!

The most terrifying thing really happened! This little noble really found out!!!

The room fell into total silence. Lufei Didn’t dare resist and quietly obeyed Rolynn’s request to lift up his feet.

Sure enough, the sole of his feet is etched with a……… symbol!

Hmm, guess you can all it a symbol!

Rolynn was looking at with confusion because she didn’t understand what the design was.

But when Du Wei saw the pattern, his face suddenly made a giant change! His expression was just like a person had seen a ghost in the middle of the day!

No, no, can’t say it like that.

To be more accurate: Du Wei’s expression right now is like someone had seen a hundred ghost in the middle of the day. And to top it off, the ghosts even ran up to him and started making scary faces in front of him.

Enough with these weird analogies, you just need to know our little noble here is scared out of his wits!

Suddenly flopping over his chair, Du Wei was trembling uncontrollably as he fell backwards to the floor!!

The people in the room were all shocked! Seeing this, Rolynn immediately ran over to pick Du Wei up. Contrary to what Rolynn expected, Du Wei suddenly shook her off and crawled over to little Lufei’s side like a spider. Then glaring at the kid’s feet, Du Wei rubbed his eyes in disbelief.

It’s…… It’s not a mistake!

I’m not seeing things!

I’m not fucking hallucinating!!!

The thing depicted on Lufei’s feet is neither a pattern nor symbol.

But rather… … A line of words!

The left foot is a message, and the right is a signature.

Two feet together reads as the following:

“Du Wei, how are you? Surprised?

Name: Aragon.

The so-called creator’s-Totem is nothing more than such a dumb line!

So what else can possibly be more ridiculous, be enough to make someone feel like they had seen hell in broad daylight?

The answer is: yes, there is!

The thing that surprised Du Wei more than the content is the writing it was penned in!

Not from this continent, nor the text of the Roland Empire.

But rather… …

Du Wei suddenly wanted to cry and laugh at the same time. Then after a few seconds, he suddenly want to punch someone!

Because the text above is likely only recognizable by Du Wei alone in this world!

It Is… …

Chinese characters!!

“Young master… … My lord, Duke!” After much effort, Rolynn finally brought the stunned Du Wei back to his senses.

Rolynn worriedly watched over DU Wei: “My Lord, what’s going on with you?”

“It’s nothing……” Du Wei struggled to gulp down his saliva. Then looking at Rolynn, he asked with a nervous smile: Rolynn, nearby…. Is there a river?”

“Eh? My lord, why do you ask this?”

“Because I really want to jump.” Du Wei then seriously repeated his words: “

“Didn’t you hear me? I really want to jump into a river!!!!!!!”

(This is a chinese way of saying he want sot commit suicide)



If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 182




The 182th chapter “Sure enough ”

God damn it!

God damn it!

God ****** dammit!!

Kicking over the table in front of him, Du Wei was so furious that even his ears were ringing due to the blood rush. This sensation was something he never felt before and it was making him very uncomfortable, especially in his heart.

Rolynn wanted to catch up to her master, but Du Wei was already shouting at her: “Don’t follow me!”

Even though she has never seen Du Wei lose his cool in such a rage, Rolynn still obeyed her previous command. Ordering someone to take the already fainted Ben Carson and kid away, she did as instructed and gave the poor little boy some sweet pudding—poor little boy, he must have faced quite the shock tonight.

In one single breath, Du Wei rushed out of the workshop and ran aimlessly through the nightly streets of the capital.

He ran and ran, refusing to stop for even an instant because only by doing this did it soothe his heart.

Aragon…… God damn Aragon! Aragon!

He … … He……***！

He can actually write Chinese characters! He actually knows about me! He even knows my name! And he even knew that I would look at that kid’s feet!

He knew everything! Everything!

Just the thought of this idea left him in fears!

An old fart that died millennia’s ago is actually spying on him and is even watching his every step! From that fucking shit “prophecy”… … Humph, the kid with a horn that escaped from the Devil’s Island?

Bullshit!

“Du Wei, how are you? Surprised?”

Bullshit! Total bullshit!!

He did not know how long he ran for but even his lung was feeling like it would tear from the lack of oxygen.

Unable to keep going, he finally stopped and leaned against a tree on the roadside and began gasping for air. Because of how hard he was wheezing, his body couldn’t resist anymore and he began to vomit violently. Despite this, nothing came out, the only thing that did were tears seeping out of his nose and eyes due to the excessive force.

Surprisingly, this painful experience ended up easing his heart slightly and the blood rush he was having quietly calmed down too.

After standing for a long time, Du Wei suddenly looked up at the star lit sky and roared aloud with his fist raised:

“You think strongest under the star is all that! You think just because of that you can mess with me? You think you can decide my fate? Bullshit!”

Du Wei’s scream ended up alerting one of the passing patrol teams at night.

Following the sound, the policing soldiers came running and the one leading the pack was a young officer on horseback. For this young officer, he would of course be displeased to find someone screaming in the middle of the night: “Who’s out there! How dare you ignore the curfew regulation! Someone come arrest this person!!”

Several soldiers immediately ran past the officer and were about to grab Du Wei when he turned around: “Go away! Don’t bother me!”

With that, Du Wei didn’t look back and turned away to leave. Hearing this, the young officer was so furious that he almost screamed.

How can there be such an insolent person? He’s violating the curfew yet he still dares to yell at a police officer?

In one push, the young officer immediately gave chase on his horse.

Hearing the hoof beat behind him, Du Wei felt annoyed and pulled out his wand from the storage ring: “Didn’t you hear my words?” He coldly snapped.

The police officer was just about to get angry when the moon’s light revealed the object in Du Wei’s hand. Instantly, cold sweat came pouring out of his forehead!

Magician?

After his realization, Du Wei’s face finally became clear under the moon’s light. Not only was he sweating now, he actually came tumbling down from his horse.

Because Du Wei and the new police chief is on good terms, this young officer had seen Du Wei’s face before so it wasn’t hard for him recognize who he was: “Your lo-lordship, I didn’t see you….”

Du Wei mercilessly looked the guy. His gaze was so intense that it terrified the young officer. Only after a while did Du Wei finally eased up a bit: “It’s all right, I have something at hand so don’t bother me.”

“Yes…… Yes, Yes!” As if the officer would dare say anything else? Although the capital has a curfew, but it’s something that could be used on someone like Du Wei that stands on top of the pyramid scheme.

“And also.” Du Wei took a look behind the officer: “I came out in a hurry so I didn’t prepare a mount. Give me your horse first and I’ll have someone return it tomorrow.”

As if the officer would dare refuse? In the most obedient fashion he could act, the officer handed the rein into Du Wei’s hand.

Watching the Duke ride away on his horse, the officer finally breathed out a sigh of relief. Then noticing his subordinates looking at him with a stunned look, he angrily shouted: “What are you looking at! Back to work!”

While Du Wei rode on the horse, his mind gradually calmed down and a thought suddenly hit him. Immediately, he turned around and rushed back to his residence.

When the servants saw how the Duke was seeping with anger when he returned, none dared to say anything and simply opened the door. Dismounting from the horse, Du Wei immediately dashed in, but after a few steps, he suddenly turned around and pointed at the horse: “Have someone bring the horse back to the police department tomorrow.”

Du Wei went back to his room in a single breath and kicked open the door. When he entered, the first thing he saw was Gargamel playing with a magic crystal. With a silver knife in hand, it looked like the mouse was in the middle of a carving session.

“Where’s QQ!” Du Wei asked in a hard tone.

“…….. Sleeping inside.” The mouse also noticed something was wrong from Du Wei’s face.

Du Wei grunted and rushed into the room. Like a baby cradle, the elegant QQ was asleep on the small bed specifically made for him. Seeing this, Du Wei grabbed hold of the poor bird’s beak and gently dumped him onto the ground.

“You…….” To be so suddenly knocked awake, even penguin seemed to have forgotten his elegant style. Jumping up from the ground, he cried out: “What are you doing! God, this floor is so dirty, it will smudged my feathers!!”

“Humph!” Du Wei coldly stared at the heavenly beast: “I have a few questions and you better be able to answer the, otherwise, we will be having barbecue penguin for lunch tomorrow.”

These words, coupled with the cold eyes and anger on Du Wei’s face, penguin immediately calmed down. With such a clever mind, this Mr. Heavenly Beast knew this young master was not joking around.

Du Wei went to the table and casually grabbed a piece of paper. Then using a quill brush, he wrote a few lines before tossing the paper in front of penguin: “Read!”

Penguin read the content and began to fidget for a while. Seeing this, Du Wei sneered: “Read now!”

“…….” QQ sighed in resignation. Then following the content on the paper, he coughed a few times before reading out the words in a gentle voice:

(Everything QQ says is some famous Chinese poetry)

“The moon is shining bright before my bed and i am remembering the frost upon the ground…..”

“Enough!” Not waiting for QQ to finish, Du Wei waved his hand and wrote another set of lines: “Again, read!”

“……. From the beginning of life, people have always been good natured….”

“That’s enough………” Du Wei suddenly became like that of a deflated leather ball as he crashed heavily into the chair.

QQ blinked a few times as he stared his little eyes at Du Wei. Watching his words, he cautiously said: “Du Wei master……”

“What!” Du Wei angrily stared at penguin: “What do you want to say? Are you going to fool me again!!”

“That’s not it……” Penguin raised one of his wings and muttered in a low voice: “I want to let you know that you made a mistake…… One of the words is missing a stroke.”

Du Wei: “……”

He remained stunned for a while before suddenly jumping up. Rubbing his hands together in front of penguin, Du Wei’s looked murderously at the bird in front of him as he recited another poem: “Since ages past, all will eventually die!”



(NOTE: From this point on, it’s a dirty poem battle with shits and sex and etc. Anyone that gets disturbed by this is to skip this part)

The penguins replied: “Who shits without paper?!”

Du Wei: “Lofty towers are built from the grounds up!”

Penguins followed up: “An affair!!”

Du Wei face became ferocious: “Just use less money bills at that time then.”

Penguin sigh: “Too much gossip in front of the widow’s window….”

Du Wei asked again: “Oh the poor will get stronger with hardships……”

“If rich, there will be dozens of concubines.” Penguin sighs.

“Come again!” Du Wei rolled up his sleeve before shouting, “Beasts with long hooves are fertile!”

(Wink, wink, long and hard hooves that is also fertile!!! Burn that into your minds people!!!WHAHAHAHA)



“A son stealing from his dad is not a thief” QQ is still easily followed up.

(Now this is falling into mother and son incest mode)



Du Wei was desperate when he finally said: “Harem with 3,000 women?”

Penguins again did not hesitate in his answer: “Grind an iron rod into a needle……”

(That’s right; cultivate that needle so it can pierce it in right in)



This one person and one bird duo stared at each for a long time, suddenly, Du Wei smiled again.

He was really laughing and the anger inside him had fully dissipated. The only exception was that his smile had a flavor of helplessness: “Dear QQ, can you tell me, from where did you and your master Aragon pass through from?”

QQ sincerely answered: “Master Du Wei, although I don’t quite understand what you mean, but these things were all taught to me by Aragon…. I don’t understand what you mean by ‘pass through’, but if I recall, Master Aragon also mentioned this word before.”

Du Wei lets out a long sigh before sitting back down.

I understand then……



If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 183




The 183th chapter “subordinate”

Du Wei thought things over that night, but no matter how hard he tried, he simply couldn’t comprehend everything.

All right then…… that damn bastard Aragon obviously had the same experience as his own – a comrade that “crossed” over into this world.

But why does he have such a firm grasp of himself and there is also the matter of that hoax on that kid’s feet.

Who is he really and for what purpose did he do all this?

Also, there is the legend from the Southeastern Sea.

Heck. How did Aragon become related to that myth?

Everything is a question.

And the answer to all of these questions is still unknown to Du Wei.

Because QQ already made a vow swearing he didn’t know.

“You need to understand, I’m just a poor pet. Other than writing and reading that language, I really don’t know anything else.” But when QQ said this, his eyes were blinking pathetically at Du Wei: “So no matter what, please don’t do any sort of barbecue Penguin, I swear, my flesh is not tasty at all.”

Du Wei of course wouldn’t really grill this heavenly beast, but he still had doubts in his heart that this penguin was hiding something from him. As for how he should made this Penguin spill the beans, Du Wei intends to slowly grinding it out of him.

Aragon is actually a world traveler like him…. Humph, this world is becoming more interesting.

It’s really hard to described Du Wei’s mood right now. After his initial despairing outburst, his mind was filled with anger, sadness, and somehow, happiness.

The reason for his anger is mainly because he felt like he had been played. The halo once surrounding the existence known as Aragon has long faded away….. In his mind, Du Wei felt it is only normal for a world traveler to achieve such a grand feet like Aragon’s.

But on the other hand, Du Wei also found himself feeling a sense of joy that even he couldn’t explain.

Yes, that’s right, it’s happiness.

After living for ten years in isolation, you suddenly found out you had a kin next to you.

The only difference is that he came to this world a thousand years earlier.

Humph, just because of this reason, you think you can ride on top of me?

Dream on!!

Du Wei malicious made up his mind.

Isn’t he just a world travelor?

If you were really some sort of god or legendary figure, then I might have been afraid. However, since I already know your true face, then why should I fear you?

At this moment, Du Wei was suddenly relaxed.

When it was early next morning, Marde was already here to deliver breakfast because he knew the young master threw quite the tantrum last night. When something like this happens, none of the other servants dare approach Du Wei, the only exception is Marde. Only in front of this dedicated old servant will Du Wei quiet down and quell his anger.

However, contrary to what Marde expected, Du Wei’s mood was abnormally happy during breakfast and he even ate an extra mint candy. Seeing the good mood on his young master, Marde hesitated a moment before deciding it was better to speak: “Master…. Outside seems to be……”

“Oh, something happen?” Du Wei said this with smile.

“Yes …… hmm, technically no.” Marde explained: “Before sun rise, some people brought over a guy with a set of broken legs and left him outside out door. Oddly though, there are people watching over this poor soul and making sure he stays put. Due to his constant moaning and screaming, quite a crowd has been attracted outside.”

“Ignore them.” Du Wei started to chew on his mint candy: “A guy that likes to bully others deserves a little suffering.”

After a pause, Du Wei muses to himself: “However, Biliaibuer sure is a smart person…. Haha.”

Du Wei then casually asked, “What day is today? I mean how many days has it been since I wrote the letter”

“The fifth day.” Marde replied: “I think it should be soon.”

Since Earl Raymond is returning back to the Rowling castle, it’s only natural Hussein and Nicole needed to move and this letter is his way of informing the pair to meet him in the capital.

This morning, a crowd of onlookers had already amassed outside the Duke’s residence. Because there were so much people coming around to see what the commotion was about, the road actually became a traffic jam. Fortunately, the people from the police department came over to disperse the crowd, or else who knows when it would end.

The poor steward Guro from Biliaibuer’s house was laid atop a wooden board outside the street. With both legs broken, his swollen muscles looked like that of a fat pig’s ready to be chopped off at any moment. Lying there half dead, his howling screams of pain and tears echoed throughout the morning. Eventually, he became so weak that even his weak uttering cries were gone. Even so, the bodyguards placed next to him refused to let him pass out. Every time Guro was about to pass out, the two guards would poor cold water onto his face to keep him front fainting.

After a full morning, this “show” finally came to an end. Poor Guro was finally taken away and a servant from Sir Biliaibuer household came to deliver a letter.

Du Wei got the letter from Marde’s hand. After sweeping through the content, he then smiled and said: “the count sure knows how to do things.” Passing the letter back over to Marde: Tell that servant from Sir Biliaibuer’s house that I am very grateful for his kindness.”

Subsequently, Du Wei was originally going to go take a stroll through his shop again. Other than the several native slaves from yesterday, Rolynn also brought back several convicted slaves from the former Solomon family – this included the one that cried out for Du Wei in the slave market.

Regarding these people, Du Wei intends to hand them all over to Rolynn in order to mitigate the lack of manpower. All of these slaves were once members of the Solomon household, so it’s only natural they are veterans when it came to handling a business.

However, before he can even step out the doorway, Luobosiji of the imperial inspectorate department had already come running to seeking an audience.

” General Longbottom wants to see you.”

Longbottom? That General 250?

Du Wei mouth curled into a giant smile.

Thinking it over, Du Wei realized he had already given Luobosiji quite the sum so far just so he can shower the general with women and fine wine. It was so ridiculous that even Luobosiji himself started to complain about the situation. As an imperial official of the empire, how did he become a pimp?

Front and back, Du Wei already threw out more than 40,000 gold coins. And Du Wei was very patient in this so he didn’t take the initiative to meet this person of extraordinary talent.

He knows very well these eccentrics tend to have weird personalities. Although his fame and status is quite high, but that doesn’t mean this General Longbottom will give him face.

If one wants to attract such a talent, then they can only oblige to everything they ask. In most cases, even if you shower these eccentrics with gold and silver, they still wouldn’t bat an eyelash. However, if their mood was good that day, they may even sell you their heads without frowning.

Waiting until today, it finally seems like this General 250 is finally tempted by him.

Without delay, Du Wei immediately made preparation and head over to the inspectorate department.

Inside the jail, Du Wei finally entered the cell of the infamous General Longbottom.



After so much effort, he finally has the chance to come face to face with this great legend that had once caused countless headaches to the military high command.

From Du Wei’s imagination, this bandit general that won the hearts of 20,000 soldiers should have been a wildly bearded man with an attitude to match his ruggedness. However, what he saw surprised him somewhat when he first entered the cell.

Sitting there, a fat guy with a well-defined face was currently playing with a sandbox.

This General 250 was tall, so tall that his head nearly touched the ceiling when he stood up to greet Du Wei. Even after years of prison life, this guy still looked very strong despite the fat around his body. More importantly, his face was ridiculously handsome that it didn’t correspond to the misconceptions Du Wei had.

Du Wei can honestly say this. If this person can lose some of that fat, then this General Longbottom can definitely be a model.

“What? Surprised?” Longbottom voice sounded slightly hoarse, his eyes filled with warmth: “You must be thinking that legendary General 250 can’t be this fat sissy boy, right?”

Du Wei was a little embarrassed because his mind really was thinking this.

Longbottom sighed before pointing to the only unique place where one can sit inside the room—the bed: “sit.” Following with regret in his voice: “Such a shame, if you were able to see me back then, you would never have had such a thought. But none can escape such a fate. In this little room for so many years, all you can do is eat and sleep. Like that, even the thinnest of people would get fat.” He then patted his fat thighs and a flash of frustration crossed his eyes: “With my body figure now, I fear I wouldn’t even be able to ride a horse.”

Du Wei did not speak, only silently watching this strange man from the side.

“Right then.” Longbottom took one look at Du Wei: “After you walked into the room, you still haven’t said a word. Now that I know your name and your background… … Oh, the Empire’s youngest Duke in history, the former young master of the Rowling Household, and an accomplished magician … … You are really intriguing.”

He then stretched out a hand to Du Wei: “Did you bring it?”

“What?” Du Wei was somewhat at a loss.

The fat man slyly smiled: “My dear Duke, didn’t you want to recruit me by bringing me me good food and fine woman? Since you are trying to recruit me, you aren’t going to let me stay in this place now are you? What I’m saying is did you bring my release order?”

Du Wei smiled.

This General 250 sure is direct.

Without hesitation, Du Wei pulled out a blank document from his pocket. This is a release order that Du Wei got a hold of without spending much effort. On it is the signature of the supreme chancellor, and the part where the prisoner’s name should be is blank. Once the name Longbottom is written on it, the document will immediately take effect.



If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.





* * *





Chapter 184




The 184th chapter ”spirit of sharing”

The matter of the empire’s magic academy has been formally put on the agenda and the site of the compound has already been decided months ahead of time.

Located not far from the southern fortress city of the capital, this compound that is soon to be the magic academy was constructed decades ago for the military. Other than the annual spring drill, this stronghold is practically in an idle state of abandonment due to neglect.

During the picking phase for the location there were a lot of variables considered, but more importantly, it was to save money for the empire. Considering the current finances of the empire, creating a compound from the grounds up is not practical and a heavy burden even pushed forward. Therefore, this stronghold near the southern fortress city became the perfect scapegoat for the royal court.

Far away from the capital and the magic union’s grasp of control, this place is located right next to a city with 20,000 soldiers stationed there – this idea is clearly coming from Prince Son.

That’s not all though. Outside the military stronghold that is now used for the school, there are large tracts of green space and gardens planted in the field, perfect for training purposes. And inside, the rows of barracks that once housed thousands of soldiers during the spring season is now transformed into a school for educational purposes.

As a school of magic, the base for the empire’s future magical talents, another 1000 soldiers were stationed in the nearby vicinity using the excuse of secrecy.

Like this, no more than a hundred students became enrolled in this place during the beginning.

Here’s the breakdown of the entry list: Magic Union 30%, Royal household 40%, and 30% from other forces.

Through many negations and deals, this ratio will continue to be used in the foreseeable future while the court and magic union went through another fierce battle behind the scenes to achieve their goals.

On the Magic Unions side, they wanted to turn this school into a breeding ground for “traditional” Mages.

You might be asking, what is a traditional mage?

Simply put: high in status, mighty, honorable, and old fashioned.

Of course, this evaluation was said through Prince Son’s mouth. In the regent’s view, such a outcome can never be allowed to happen. The reason he established the magic academy is so the empire could breed a new generation of mages that do not follow the old ways and could help serve the army and its people!

From the past till now, all those noble giants would always expend enormous wealth just to attract one or two mages under their wing. Even then, this does not necessarily mean the Magician in question would help.

For Prince Son, this cannot be allowed to continue!

“What I want is not a bunch of lords! What I want is a batch of people that could serve the Empire and its people!”

But Prince Son’s view was strongly opposed by the magic union because in these old Mages mind, their profession should naturally be held in high esteem.

Under the collision of these two opposing ideology, Du Wei suddenly went into the palace on a particular day and provided a solution.

“Why are magicians held in such high esteem? Why are they superior? The answer is simple: they are far too few in numbers. If their numbers grew to the size similar to the knight’s profession, then…..” Du Wei said it like this: “When I was in the slave market the other day, I noticed many warriors seeking jobs on the street. They are neither farmers nor beggars. Each of them is equipped with the status of a low ranking knight, so why are they living with the dignity of a beggar? Don’t you see? The reason is because there are too many warriors on this land! If the numbers of magicians reached a certain level, then their existence wouldn’t be so unusual in everyone’s eyes.”

“The establishment of the magic academy should be able to significantly alleviate this problem. Once the institute is up and running, the number should naturally increase with time.” Prince Son answers.

“This is far from enough.” Du Wei shook his head: “In my view, there lies a great issue with the current state of how a magician is trained.”

What came next is Du Wei explaining a couple of points and this was greatly agreed upon by Prince Son.

“Over the years, the transference of knowledge between apprentice and master is through a one on one session. This portal of learning is very strict and doesn’t necessarily mean the new generation would be able to absorb all the secrets of the previous generation. More importantly, there is a bigger problem at hand. In the field of magic, there is no distinction between a ‘user’ and a ‘researcher’.”

“Every magician spends most of their lifetime exploring the mysteries of magic, but this is where the problem lies….. Because each of these individuals hoards their research like it was their own life, there is little communication in the magic community, hence the ridiculous phenomenon where we see multiple mages coming out with the same result in their life’s work. What we need is a bunch of people that knows how to use magic and not a bunch of researchers.”

This is a very simple reasoning. In Du Wei’s past life, students from a university may not necessarily understand the theory behind a science topic, but as long as they know how to put it into practice, then that’s good enough.

Everybody knows that one plus one equals two, but there is no need for everyone to study the “Goldbach Conjecture”, right?

But that’s just how it is right now. Even for a low leveled magician, these fledglings have to work out the mysteries behind the most basic of the basics – this included the omitting of words in a long spell chant and so on….. This technique might have been mastered by their mentor from the start, but because they are so stingy with their knowledge, they won’t even tell their own disciple and would rather take it to the coffin with them!

Spending an entire afternoon, Du Wei explained all of this to Prince Son and used the simplest of words to point out the method of teaching from his previous life.

Upon understanding his points, Prince Son’s eyes lit up with enlightenment and when he stood up due to being overly excited, this regent nearly grabbed hold of Du Wei and gave the poor guy a kiss. Luckily, Du Wei dodged in the nick of time, or else he might have really fallen into the guy’s grasp.

The next problem is: how to get the current magicians to contribute their research results?

What followed afterward is Prince Son and Du Wei studying the problem and coming up with a solution.

For a magician, what do they value the most?

Money? No, each magician is equipped with considerable wealth. Just the jewelry and magic crystals in their hands is enough to be considered treasures in the eyes of a common citizen. But for a magician, these items is nothing but magic materials.

Woman? That is even more not so…… Magicians are always focused on their study of magic, so they naturally won’t have time to waste on these sorts of things.

Power? That’s still not it.

Finally, Du Wei came to one conclusion: status and fame!

Mages are very conscious of their status. In many cases, they would deliberately make it hard for the nobilities when being recruited. The reason is because they believe that if they were so easily drafted by others, then then it would be beneath their status.

And reputation is held even higher.

Du Wei even followed up with a vicious argument. In his view, most of the world’s magicians are “pretentious pricks”.

And it’s true, most are like so.

When he said these words, he even forgot that he himself and Prince Son are Mages too!

Magicians like to be high and mighty, putting on air, and make themselves look unapproachable. Their temper is eccentric (maybe it is all pretend), yet they still aspire to achieve great fame while looking indifferent.

If this is not pretentious then what is?

“Therefore, if they want fame, then we can give them fame. If they want status, then we can give them status!” Du Wei began to smile sinisterly: “If we do that, it might be able to attract some of the Mages and have them contribute their research. Once that happens, we can then integrate the findings into a set of fixed study materials for the students. By then, the students won’t have to study from the beginning.”

As such, on the opening ceremony day, Prince Son – the de facto rule of the empire – personally inscribed the schools name “Imperial Academy of magic” onto the school wall. This is also Du Wei’s proposal.

Then in front of the audience consisting of the first batch of students, dozens of court mages, and numerous guests from the magic union, Prince Son suddenly announced a matter outside everyone’s knowledge.

“Besides the establishment of the Academy of magic, I’m happy to announce the establishment of another organization within the empire: ‘the magic society of learning’!”

In nominal terms, the magic society of learning belongs to the magic academy. The difference between this organization and the magic union is that the society doesn’t have any enforcing power. Whether it is the legal or administrative aspect, the organization is very loose without constraints.

The so-called “learning society” is primarily for the discussion of research results between magicians. And the society will give out rewards based on the achievements of the individual.

Of course, the reward is not calculated in the form of money or wealth.

After the main square inside the magic academy, there is a very eye catching long hallway with a striking description of a jade statue along the walls.

This statue is a sculpture of an old magician. With lifelike features, even the wrinkles along the face could be clearly made out.

In the solid gold plate on the bottom is the following lines:

“In honor of Master Gandalf’s contribution to the magic field. Sicilian-Jacques-Gandalf (Empire year-710-960), known far and wide as the Magister of the era, his main contributions consisted of: found 6 different methods to hatch a Dragon egg, discovered 13 new species of rare magical plants, improved upon 7 mid tiered spells and created a new high level ranked magic spell and so on.”

Aside from this, some of the major stories surrounding Gandalf’s life is etched into a stone tablet along the stone corridors entrance. Behind this 300 long corridor, there is still plenty of empty space!

“…… The establishment of the society is not to constrain a magician; this is purely an academic organization for discussion and exchanging of knowledge.” Prince stood atop the tall stage with his signature and unique smile: “Any magician can apply for this society without needing to pay a contribution fee. Of course, there is no obligations attached either. Then again, that is not a certainty. As long as you are a member of the society, you can go through our library of research results contributed by your peers under certain conditions. For instance, as a show of gratitude to Mage Du Wei and Mage Vivian for their contribution to the academies early stage, the two have offered up certain research results from their reservoir of spells. Both of them are direct disciples of the now deceased Master Gandalf, so their research is invaluable…. This is the spirit behind the learning society – the spirit or sharing!”

The audience went into an uproar!

Especially the magicians in the audience!

Able to check the research results of Master Gandalf? This is an extremely attractive condition!

Subsequently, Prince Son announced some of the rules behind the ‘sharing’ concept of the society.

Back when Du Wei and Vivian contributed their part of Gandalf’s research, the spells have already been divided into among the five different grades ranging from 1 star to 5 stars.

From now on, if any new member that wishes to contribute their research result to us, the society will invite renowned senior magicians to assess your findings and give you a star. For example, if your contributions resulted in a three star assessment, you will be rewarded with three chances of ‘sharing’ opportunity. This means you will be able to check out three different findings within the society’s library, of course, this is only three times. Of course, if you received four stars, then you will have four opportunities, and if you have one star, then you have one chance. However, if you want to read more, then you must contribute more of your own research results.

The only exception to this is if your research evaluation is rated at five stars, at that time, you will be eligible for a lifetime membership to freely scan through the society’s entire collection!



If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 187




The 187th chapter “panning for gold in the sand”

Rolynn was a bit astonished by the guy brought in by Du Wei.

Her first impression was: is this guy born from a monkey? Or rather, he is the legendary beast men of the Monkey tribe?

That’s right; this person is just like a humanoid monkey without the hair.

“This is Mr. Zack.” Du Wei’s tone in his introduction was very polite, so she immediately retracted her eyes because she knew her expression is very rude.

“Hello, beautiful female Knight.” Zack is dressed in a very orderly fashion, but his head was donning the typical small cap uniquely found on those of a merchant. Taking it off, he bent down and politely made a bowing motion: “I am very pleased to meet you, please call me Zack, or if you like, you can call me Zack junior like my friends do. Oh yes, this is to distinguish me from my late father.”

“Zack is a genius I met today. I believe he will be very talented in managing a business.” Du Wei winked at Rolynn before coming up to the female knight. In a lowered voice, he said: “Roylnn, I know you don’t like your job, right? Well then, from today onward, Zack will be under your command. In the shortest amount of time possible, you will teach him the in’s and out of the business. Once I feel he is suitable to take over your position, you can then go back to managing the fleet.”

Rolynn’s eyes lit up immediately as she looked at the friendly monkey in front of her. Unlike her previous image of Zack, Rolynn suddenly found herself feeling this person to be quite lovable.

“So then, is he coming with me now?” Rolynn glanced at Du Wei.

Zack replied himself, “That’s right…… Oh heavens, today is such a magical day. When his lordship came into my store, I never expected to encounter the famed Duke Tulip. Instead of selling my Golden package deal, his lordship actually bought out my store and even brought me back here.”

Very soon, Rolynn guided Zack around the store and showcased everything inside. Immediately after the tour ended, Zack began coming up with ideas like he was a natural in this field. As long as the topic is related to running a business, his eyes would light up.

“How is it, Zack?” Du Wei is eagerly looking forward to what the guy has to say. In his mind, Du Wei believes his sight isn’t wrong because in this world, even if Zack isn’t a genius, he will still be a mega geek.

“Forgive me for my bluntness, I think……. There is a big problem.” Zack explained his words in a melancholy voice: “When I skimmed my eyes through the store, I only noticed weapons….. Weapons here….. Weapons there…… My god, is there nothing else besides weapons in our life?”

Rolynn is somewhat discontent with his words because she is after all the person in charge of this place: “Mr. Zack, we also have some armor pieces like the knight’s tabard, and…..”

“This can still be considered within the range of the weapons category.” Zack curled his lips.

Then this guy actually turned around and freely sat down on a chair. When a passing slave girl walked by with a tray full of wine, this monkey bluntly grabbed a cup and gulped it down. After finishing the cup, he comfortably sighed and said: “GOOD WINE! God be my witness, I have never tasted such a fine wine before, perhaps a silver coin per cup?”

“It’s gold coin…… A gold coin per cup.” Rolynn corrected him in a light voice.

Widening his eyes in shock, he stared at the cup in his hand before quickly putting it down. Without waiting for anyone to say another word, Zack continued: “Well then, where did I left off? Oh, that’s right, weapons…… My lord, although I am a lowly merchant, but I can see that this place caters only to the wealthy and noble lords. Well then, may I ask, what reason do those lords have to bring a weapon home?”

His one question was already enough to stump Rolynn.

And the words that came out of Zack afterward left Du Wei feeling very satisfied.

“Those nobles are people of status, so they wouldn’t really go adventuring like those real warriors and adventurers. From my view, these people would spend more time showing off their possession than to actually take it into combat….. Just like a peacock when it spread their tail feathers.”

“You’re right, we also thought of this point.” Rolynn replied: “That’s why; the products you see here are all focused on being extravagant and beautiful.”

“I can see that.” Zack nodded: “from my point of view, your decision is not wrong.”

Rolynn immediately followed up: “These ideas are all from his lordship, I’m only carrying it out.”

“But!” Zack bluntly interrupted Rolynn’s words: “Your method is correct, but your direction is wrong.”

“Keep going!” Du We immediately cried out when he noticed Rolynn wanted to interrupt again: “Zack, please continue.”

Zack laughed as he sheepishly rubbed his hand together. Then licking his lips, he then shyly smiled as he asked: “That….. Glass of wine, can I get another cup?”

“Call someone over and give our Mr. Zack here a bottle.” Du Wei immediately commanded.

Subsequently, Zack received a bottle of wine from a beautiful slave. Pouring a cup for himself, he then continued to explain his words after taking a sip: “ Well then, your lordship, please don’t take it to heart on what I’m about to say.”

“Of course, I like your ideas.” This sentence sent the confidence meter in Zack’s mind through the roof: “Otherwise, I wouldn’t have brought you back here.”

“I believe the business is operating correctly, but the problem lies in the direction you are taking.” Zack puts down the wine bottle: “Those wealthy lords do indeed spend a lot of time trying to court a pretty girl….. However, this is only a small part of their life. After all, a perverted devil only makes up the minority of the noble class. In their lives, there are many more things they like to do… And that is enjoyment and entertainment.”

Enjoyment and entertainment?

Zack laughed: “In my opinion, the saying that human are pigs is a very interesting comparison….. Hmm, what is a pig’s life? Eat, sleep and eat. What about a person? Eat, sleep, work and enjoying life.”

After a pause, Zack made a concise summary: “If so then, if a person doesn’t know how to enjoy life, then they are no different from a working pig.”

“The majority of the nobility certainly knows how to indulge themselves in pleasure. In fact, their life is far more exciting than that of a pig, yet, we never tapped into their biggest needs and that is their basic necessities! See the things here? Weapons….. Weapons are only a small part of their life.”

“From what I can see, all of your products here are made out of precious materials that are not easily obtained through normal means-….. If so, then why can’t we use it on something else?”

Du Wei eyes lit up with excitement when he made eye contact with Rolynn.

“An ordinary sword can only be sold for a few silver coins in the market while a small necklace can be sold for more than 20 silver pieces to a noble lady. That’s not all. A knights armor can only be sold for 5 silver coins in the market while a finely tailored dress can fork us more than I can even predict. Either way, it’s still more than an armor piece.”

“Just now, I noticed an armor here, my god, I have to say it is too beautiful! The glowing light wrapping around the suit is just like the time went into temple for prayer! Too beautiful, just too beautiful…. I say, what if we use all of those materials in the jewelry made for the ladies? In addition, I also noticed something else. Hmm, it should be a mage staff, right? This is the first time I’ve ever seen a mage staff in my life. From what Knight Rolynn said, that thing is specially designed for water mages and can control….. What’s that thing called again?”

“The water element.” Rolynn answers.

“Oh, that’s right, water element!” Zack sly smiles: “Let’s say we put these things into a lady’s accessory. Think about it. What does a lady always complain about? They will say ‘my god, the weather is too dry. My skin will get damaged at this rate.’ At that time, we can tell them that if they wear our products, the moisture around their body will always be maintained…. Can you imagine how attractive this would be? I already saw the sapphire crystal on that large piece over there. If you cut it up, you can make several accessories out of it!”

“Also…… Oh, this is my own thinking. If I am wrong, please don’t mind me.”

Zack continues: “Every winter, I would hear those rich merchants complain about how heavy their leather clothing’s are and how inconvenient it is to walk outside. Aside from that, every person would dress like a giant meat beat with thick scarfs, leather boots, and fur coats wrapped around their bodies….. My god, can you imagine how heavy that is? If we…… Oh, please forgive me, I’m not a mage, but I believe we can do this if we utilize the amazing powers of magic. If we can come up with a light material capable of warding off the cold, we can have those ladies walk around like how they would in the summer during the winter seasons. This way around, they don’t have to carry around those heavy coats and still showcase their graceful body lines and beautiful leg! Hmm, what you think? I’m certain those nobilities would spent enormous sums just to get their hands on a piece.”

Du Wei sighed: “You’re right…… And these can all be done…… Oh god and it’s very simple. As long as we take a cheap fire ruby and cut it into multiple pieces, we can then make them into multiple clothing’s…..”

Zack seems to be still full of ideas in his stomach! However, Du Wei already called him out: “Enough Zack!

My dear Zack! I find your ideas all very interesting. Later on, you can talk it over with Rolynn.”

Rolynn is also starting to become convinced by this monkey….. Although his appearance is a bit ugly and rude.

But it can’t be denied, this guy really is talented.

In her mind, Rolynn can already see the vast oceans in her sight and the waving hands of her fleet!

Zack’s small little inn was already bought out on the spot by Du Wei before. Then calling in two members of Rolynn’s pirate crew, they quickly kicked all the guests out and announced the shop is no longer in business.

Not long after Du Wei did this, Hussein and Nicole arrived and is now living in the back of this little inn.

There isn’t much to talk about regarding the first meeting of Rolynn, Nicole, and Hussein. Like usual, this Saint Knight is as cold as ever, but Du Wei did catch wind of the care in Hussein’s words.

“Your skills slipped a lot recently. Did you not practice the martial exercise I left you?”

This is true; Du Wei did in fact slack off quite a bit regarding his physical training. The reason is because he spent most of his time on his magic research.

Thanks to that Magic Society of Learning. Du Wei – this “unworthy” super magician – is the one that benefited the most after countless mages contributed their research results.

Never in their wildest dreams would the other members of the society expect this disciple of the great and mighty Gandalf to secretly steal their spells!

Of course, after having meeting up with Hussein and Nicole, Du Wei did not forget to ask Medusa for a strand of hair because he still needs to teach his students the method of dealing with a golden eye python tomorrow.

As for Nicole…… Du Wei had to determine this demoness did not accidently petrify anyone by mistake before coming here. Only by making sure there wasn’t anything he needs to be worried about did Du Wei finally leave in peace.

Hussein and Nicole are both boring mutes to begin with, so he might as well leave this depressing pair alone to bore themselves out. After all, the distance between the capital and this small little town is simply too close. If he is not careful, trouble might arise before he can make it to the Northwest. Once he’s gone from this dark place, he can fly as high as he like the birds in the sky.

The only thing worth mentioning from this encounter is that Vivian did not go back with Du Wei.

This is Queen Medusa’s request. When she was facing him with her eyes closed, Du Wei felt a sudden chill running through his body….

“Did Nicole’s power grow again?” This thought was the first thing that came up in Du Wei’s head.

“This female disciple of Gandalf will stay with me.” Though Nicole said this in a very light voice, but her tone was unwavering: “You promised to teach me the nature of humanity and their lifestyle, yet I’ve been stuck inside a room this entire time, unable to take a single step outside…..”

Du Wei immediately became speechless because he can clearly feel the discontent in Medusa’s voice. Right now, he did not have the strength to force his will on her and let’s not forget, this terrifying Queen Medusa can even force the Dragon Patriarch into a corner. If not for the life saving skill ‘Dragon God’s Blessing’, she might have really petrified the old dragon.”

No room to argue, Du Wei can only leave behind the small little Vivian with the snake beauty.

“Honey, be careful to not look her in the eye at any time….. Hmm, other than her boring nature, she is still easy to get along with.”

But Du Wei made a mistake.

A big, big mistake.

His preconceived notions regarding Medusa is that she is an apex predator that stands at the peak of this world….. But the truth is, other than her iconic petrifying skill, Nicole didn’t have any other offensive ability in her reservoir.

Sure enough, within five seconds of being left alone with little Vivian, Nicole made this request……

“Can you teach me magic?”

Would the pure and innocent little Vivian reject this request?

Only heaven would know…..

Like this, Du Wei made his way home in satisfaction because he never expected his harvest to be so huge today. In his mind, he can already see the piles of gold coins flying into his pocket because of that monkey fella’s appearance.

As he came up to his temporary residence, Du Wei can already see the enormously fat General 250 awaiting his return atop of a mount….. Poor horse. Unlike Du Wei’s lively white horse, the steed under this General 250 looked like it was about to fall apart soon from the weight looming over its back!

And next to him, the clever little boy Sandia was also riding a brown mare. Clearly, the duo was planning to head out at this moment.

It looks like this is the first time little Sandia rode a horse. Though his expression was very excited, this clever boy did not forget to jump down to greet Du Wei upon seeing him.

“Are you two going out?” Seeing General 250’s face, Du Wei suddenly recalled the guy had a very ‘lewd’ personality….. Ah, he couldn’t be going out to fool around, right? But that’s the type of place to be bringing a kid along.

“That’s right, my boss.” General Longbottom cocked his hat, his expression full of discontent: “Your dukeship, I find that your home is simply too lacking in man power…. My god, you don’t even have a decent guard around. Therefore, I decided to go out and recruit a few Knights for us.”

Du Wei nods in understanding.

Indeed, after the dissolution of the Rowling household, most of the guards went back to the Rowling Plains with the old Earl. As for Du Wei, he seems to have been ignorant of his lordship title because of his magician status. Whenever he goes out, he never had any guards escorting him. And at home, there is only the couple of servants brought along by Marde.

The only thing that seems to be in order is this General 250 and Captain Alpha that had stayed behind with him under his father’s request. However, due to his injury and the fact that captain Alpha was a leading figure in the battle back then, this person did not go out very often in order to avoid gossip.

“That’s why I’m bringing little Sandia with me to the slave market today. If our luck is good, the two of us might be able to find some gold within the sand pile.” General Longbottom sighed as he glanced at Du Wei, “Do you want to come along, boss?”

“…… All right.” Du Wei had some doubts.

Go to the slave market?

He then came to the street where the slave market is located. From a corner, there stood lines of warriors trying to seek a job….. But all of these people are only a low lever knight, so can they really be useful?



If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.





* * *





Chapter 188




The 188th chapter “special talents”

Once again coming into the slave market, Du Wei took extra care this time around to hide his identity under a new getup. Covered from head to toe with a hooded cloak, Du Wei made sure to stay closely behind General Longbottom.

From the initial assessment, the place seems to be less pack compared to his last visit. As the trio made their way through the street, the only one in their group that had trouble during their walk is little Sandia. No matter how much the kid tries to make the chestnut colored mare listen to him, the damn horse just won’t listen and would constantly resist her master’s command.

“You should give it a few whip.” General Longbottom took one look at this kid and muttered: “These beasts are like this. The weaker you are, the more they will bully you.”

Unfortunately, little Sandia is somewhat reluctant to make such a move. After all, this is the first horse in the kid’s life. On top of this reason, sweet old Marde even promised him he could keep the horse for his sole use. Therefore, how can he whip his precious horse?

“Right here.” Longbottom parked the horses at the far end of the street. Away from the epicenter of the slave shops, the spot they were at now were aligned with men and women on both sides of the street. Draping a white cloth over their arms, these people are all low leveled warriors seeking a job.

Sometimes, Du Wei really didn’t understand the mindset of these run down warriors. Even if their level is very low, but with their capabilities, they should still be able to make a decent living without living a life of hardship like this.

Their martial skills should still be better than an average person, right? If they are willing to join the army, they should be able to get in easily considering the numerous recruitment notices handed out each year. So what, are they so bad that they can’t even be eligible for the army?

However, Du Wei later learned that this is probably the so-called Warrior’s pride or dignity. In a Warrior’s view, even if it’s just a very, very low level Warrior, if not cornered, they would still not be willing to join the army and take up a lowly soldier post.

They are warriors with the formal rank of a real knight. In their heart, these people cannot tolerate the indignity of being ordered around like a lowly servant. Unless they can take up a leadership role the moment they join, they would rather work as a bodyguard for some merchant caravan than to join the military.

In the time of peace and calm, there isn’t much chance to rise through the rank. Unless they spend countless years or decades working hard, it is unlikely they can become an officer.

“It’s like the university students from his past life. Instead of taking a waiting job at a restaurant, these people would rather stay at home and wait for better job opportunities.” Du Wei secretly sighed inside at the thought.

Looking at the grim faced warriors standing against the street corners, Du Wei suddenly had mixed feelings regarding this venture.

Crash!

Judging from the shape and impact it made, the baggage Longbottom pulled down from his steed sounded like metal.

That’s right, it’s metal.

Untying the cloth, what is revealed inside are numerous long, hard rods made of iron. From its rusty appearance, Du Wei had trouble pinpointing where he managed to procure these items from.

“It can’t be from his house, right? Did the guy dismantle the rods from the supporting beams?” Du Wei started to make some frightening speculations in his head.

Subsequently, Longbottom acted like he was very familiar with the rules of this place. Not needing Sandia to remind him on what to do, this chubby general casually took hold of a rod and stabbed it into the ground.

It looks like the years of imprisonment did not deteriorate his ability in the least. In a single move without expending much effort, this infamous general easily pierced the stone hard ground with the rod before tying a black cloth to the top.

The meaning for this gesture is very simple: Recruitment.

Very soon, the nearby crowd standing put on the street began to gather around them with hope and expectation on their faces. Nevertheless, some of their hopes were quickly shot down when Sandia began crying out their intentions.

“Warriors! We need warriors! True Warriors!”

His sharp childish voice echoed across the street, very soon, the deadpan eyes from the warriors idling in the back began to flicker with fire!

As if a dying man was suddenly given hope, all those holding a sword had their spirit revitalized. Consciously, their backs straightened up as they strode toward the trio.

All the while, those that are simply here to seek a job had a look of disappointment on their faces as they shook their heads before walking away.

“Mister, what kind of people are you looking for?” A man wearing shabby looking wears pushed over. From his age, the guy is already qualified to be someone’s grandfather. In Du Wei’s mind, he was seriously wondering whether the guy can even unsheathe his sword because the hilt was already stained with yellowish brown rust.

“Is it an adventuring group recruiting?”

“Is it a guard post?”

Do you need bodyguards? I am a warrior!!

Momentarily, large numbers of people surrounded them. Most of their faces were all the same, unshaved and dull.

Above all else, they had one thing exactly the same. They will not greet you as “Sir”, instead, they will only call you “Mister”.

This is their way of saying they are not like those ordinary people, they are warriors!

“Move it, move it!” Longbottom looked impatient as he swept his eyes across the crowd. Then muttering in a low voice: “How did the quality of these guys get so low! Hey, I’m talking about you! Move it! Make room for me!”

Longbottom’s massive body is just like that of a monster. Not looking like he expended much effort, he managed to clear the people that came too close. Then in a booming voice: “Be quiet! Silence!”

He lifted his large fan like hand and pointed to the crowd in front of him: “I need people, but I don’t need garbage! I need special people with unique skills! You all understand? As long as you have a unique skill that can satisfy me, then I don’t care what rankings you are! Get it? Let me see what you’ve got now! Who’s first?”

Unique skill?

Many of the crowd quieted down.

“No one wants to try?” Longbottom’s eyes seem to be disappointment. Looking back at Du Wei, he sighed: “Damn it, it’s getting worse with each generation. Long ago, I was still able to dig up a couple of useful people here, yet, now? Look at all these garbage! They obviously don’t have much skill, yet they’re still clinging onto their bullshit perseverance! Gold will always eventually shine, but if it’s not gold, then what’s the point of retaining their act here. Such people is simply not worth wasting one’s sympathy.”

Seeing no one is willing to step forward, Longbottom impatiently yelled: “You people really don’t even have some kind of unique skill? God damn it! You are warriors! Show me your most capable martial skills then! If you don’t even have that, then get out of the way! Don’t take up the space and get back to your corner so you can die!”

He said it without holding back, but from Du Wei’s perspective, his words are very true!

This world is very realistic! If you do not have the skill, then you are an idiot by clinging on to some stupid pride! Why not just get a job and work hard to live a better life?!

A garbage that daydreams all day is not worthy of sympathy.

“Excuse me, mister, what do you mean unique skill?” A skinny person struggled to break out of the crowd: “Can you explain it better?”

“I don’t care who you are.” Longbottom began to grin: “What are you good at? Bring it out so I can have a look.”

“I’m good at fencing, Mister.” This skinny guy raises his sword: “My Warrior’s ranking is.”

“Enough, I don’t care about your rank.” Longbottom impatiently waved his hand: “If you were fifth or sixth rank, then you wouldn’t be here. Come on, hurry and show me your skill.”

The skinny warrior’s face turned red at the put down. Then casually picking up a stone, he began to inscribe the outline of a person at a nearby wall.

Taking a few step back, he then took in a deep breath before pulling out his long sword.

Tsk-Tsk-Tsk!!

The sword flew out effortlessly and rammed into the person outline against the wall.

After the skinny guy retracted his sword, Longbottom squinted his eyes to catch a better glimpse at the outline. Immediately, his eyes lit up!

On the human outline, the eyes, throat, rib, and crotch area were all stabbed with pinpoint accuracy!

Fast and accurate! Each of the strike landed by this swordsman were all devilishly aimed at a person’s vital spot!

His swordsmanship may be a bit dirty like that of a poisonous snake, but his badge rank is only….

A level one?!

“Good, you can stay, I want you!!” Longbottom lets out a booming laugh: “Who else!!!!”

The second guy to be recruited by Longbottom is a left-hander. The short guy must have been malnourished during his childhood because his head size is comparable to little Sandia’s! However, when he showcased several of his swordsmanship, Longbottom immediately recruited him.

“He’s a lefty, so his moves are all coming from an opposite angle. For an ordinary person, they will find it very uncomfortable to be fighting someone like him.” Longbottom quickly explained.

The third person is a fat guy that is comparable Longbottom’s size. Like a melon, the unique skill of this guy is something Du Wei would never have imagined.

“I can take a beating, and not afraid of pain.” The fat man opened his mouth and smiled like a fatso: “I’m unable to feel pain since birth.”

With that, he pulled apart his clothes to reveal his naked chest filled with black hair. Then pulling out a sword, he used it to cut his body twice and from the wounds initial appearance, it looked quite deep!

Bloodied with flesh showing, this fat guy remained calm without an inch of change; “Mister, I have no talent for martial arts, so my level is only that of a level one warrior. However, in real combat, I’m willing to bet that I can take down at least three guys of the same rank. As long as their strikes aren’t lethal, I won’t be affected in the least while they can only take a hit from me before dying by my hands!”

Therefore, this guy is also accepted.

What came next are some weird guys that were also accepted. Among these people, even Du Wei was surprised at their performance.

Heck, is this the so called ‘QuingGong’? Watching a super skinny guy jump up to the roof without much effort, the guy was able to freely maneuver across the air like a cat.

There is also a guy that is incredibly good at imitating. His voice was truly astonishing, whether it was animal or objects, he could reproduce it without a speck of difference from the real thing.

“I’ll be an excellent scout, mister!”

“There’s also me!” A guy came out from the crowd: “I was once a Hunter. My specialty is setting and disabling traps in the mountains. With only my nose, I can distinguish if there’s water nearby!”

After recruiting these people, Longbottom’s expression was still filled with hope of more talents showing up. Unfortunately, there doesn’t seem to be any more willing to step forward after his next shout: “What’s wrong? Who else wants to try?”

“This is not fair, Mister!” Someone in the crowd shouted, “They are not real warriors!! They are nothing but small tricks! True warriors will only talk with their sword! We will not learn the cries of an animal, nor will we climb up to someone’s roof like a thief!”

Longbottom sneers. In a single sweep, he snatched the bundle of rods and plugged each of them intot he ground. In a cold voice: “You garbages think it’s not fair? Fine! Then I’ll let you speak with the sword! I’ll take in whoever can use their sword to cut down an iron rod!”

A sword cut down an iron rod?

Although these iron rods aren’t too thick, but it is still the size of a child’s arm! He wants us to cut it apart with one strike?

Unless one can use Dou Qi or a treasured sword, it is impossible!

But if they could use Dou QI to begin with, why would they be here in the first place? A warrior capable of using Dou Qi would have to worry about not finding a job.

This play by Longbottom left everyone speechless.

“Aigh.” Longbottom sighed, seemingly disappointed by this outcome. After spending so many hours trying to push these people, he only managed to recruit a couple of strange talents.

At the same time, a steady voice rang out from the crowd.

“Let me try?”

Then the crowd separated to make way for a tall that was guy no more than 30 years old. Though his clothing was rough to the touch, but his posture was steady and face filled with pressure.

In one glance, Longbottom’s eye was already brimming with light. Base on his experience, he can tell the guy appeared before him is someone that went through a life or death battle.

“Your name.” Longbottom squinted his eyes.

“Please call me old smoke; my friends all call me that.” The warrior seems to hesitate for a second because that is only a nickname. And from his accent, he seems to be a local…….

Though the guy was puffing out his chest, but Du Wei can faintly smell a powerful herbal scent coming from him, seems like he is injured.

Longbottom also discovered this. Under his clothing, this self-proclaimed “old smoke” seems to be wrapped in bandage and the location is obviously near the heart.

“Are you hurt?” Longbottom frowned.

“Yes, right here.” Old smoke pointed to his heart: “But I was lucky, my heart was born slightly out of place compared to an ordinary person.”

With that, he pulled out a sword and took in a deep breath

Tsk!

A clear spark of light flashed across and the brilliant Dou Qi that appeared left the onlookers in amazement!

This is a warrior capable of Dou QI! That shows his warrior ranking is at least of the forth rank!

How can a fourth level warrior be so poor like this?

That’s right; this Old Smoke is precisely the guy from the Coup – the guy that was still thinking about his title before dying.

Snap!

One rod is now cut in two. From this, Old Smoke seems to be slightly out of breath due to the wound acting up. Taking another breath, he turned around and looked over at Du Wei that was standing behind Longbottom.

He is after from the palace guards, so it only took him one look to figure out who is really in charge.

“Did I pass?”

“Yes,” The one to speak up is Du Wei: “Please tell me your conditions, Mister Knight.”

“” Old smoke was silent for a moment.



If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.





* * *





Chapter 189




The 189th chapter ”Old Smoke’s decision”

Within the barn of the Duke’s temporary residence, Longbottom arranged the newly conscripted men’s into single files.

The somewhat crude residence of the Duke only occupied a modest amount of land. Compared to the mansions littered throughout the capital, this place can only be considered middle-lower tier, truly unfit for Du Wei’s status.

Nonetheless, the Duke’s manor is by no means lacking in horses.

When the Rowling Household withdrew from the imperial capital, they had sold all their assets including their original manor; the only exception to this was the horses because Du Wei wanted them for himself.

“You can freely choose your own mount.” Once Longbottom gave the order, those run down warrior’s all had a look of surprise.

Everyone already knew from the beginning who the true lord of this place was the moment they entered the premise. Just yesterday, they were still trying to make a living at the slave market in their pathetic attire, and now, they are in the residence of the famed Duke Tulip!

On top of this, they are allowed to retain a horse for their own use?!

But Longbottom was already secretly shaking his head when he looked at the way these guys were trying to mount their rides. Whispering to Du Wei in a low voice: “Aigh, these guys are only warriors, not Knights. The place we are heading to is the Northwest where even a child knows how to ride.”

Basically, any warrior of the continent can attain a rank from the knight’s association as long as they can pass the assessment. As such, they are can only be considered “warriors” and not “knights”.

At the bare minimum, the so-called Knights must be at least capable of riding a horse!

However, for these lower class warriors, they can’t even keep themselves alive; much less support a mount for their personal use!

The decline of warriors is the current trend floating across the continent. Once recognized as an organization that could stand on par with the magic union, the current Knight’s association has been reduced to the point where they can’t even be put on the table anymore.

“Huh?” Longbottom eyes suddenly lit up because his attentions were quickly focused on Old Smoke. Unlike the rest that could only hang on for their dear lives against their mount, Old Smoke had no trouble whatsoever. In a single swing, his entire body fell neatly into the saddle. With the perfect posture found only among a veteran rider, his body looked very relax without any hint of panic.

“This guy is a ‘Knight’.” Longbottom became intrigued by this Old Smoke: “His martial skills aren’t bad, and his riding skill appears to be quite good. With such skills, why is he reduced to such a state of looking for a job at the slave market?”

This question is also what Du Wei wanted to ask too.

This temporary residence may be small in size, but the typical facilities of a noble’s mansion is still there. For example: a race track.

Leaving behind those happy fledglings to practice their riding skills, Longbottom called Old Smoke over to a lone room. Aside from the two, Du Wei was already inside waiting.

Old Smoke’s expression looked a bit stiff as if he knew what the reason for his summoning is.

Sure enough……

Longbottom didn’t wait for Old Smoke to get a proper footing before shouting at him in a loud voice: “Report your service station, knight!”

Almost like a knee-jerking reaction due to years of training, Old Smoke instinctively straightened his legs and arms together before crying out: “Squadron leader of the sixth unit of Royal guards…..”

When he reached the last part, Old Smoke finally realized he is no longer a part of the royal guards.

But both Longbottom and Du Wei were very happy at the results.

Looking at the unnatural expression of this guy called Old Smoke, Du Wei started to smile: “You used to be an officer within the royal guards?”

“…… Yes, that’s right.”

Longbottom smiled with relief: “No wonder, I see you like to tuck your trousers into your boots…… Only the royal guards like to beautify themselves like this.”

Old Smoke somewhat blushed. That’s right, compared to the regular army, the royal guards are different in many aspects. This is especially true when it comes to their visual appearance, in fact, it can be called exemplary.

Their uniforms are always ironed to the teeth and their trousers are always tucked into their boots to make themselves look tall and straight.

But this saying of “liking to beautify” themselves is still deeply hurting Old Smoke. In his mind, the images of that nightmarish moment in the coup is starting to flood back into his head again. 3,000 of the most elite royal guards were slaughtered on that fateful day like defenseless rabbits all because they were ill equipped with these so called “beautiful equipment”.

Soldiers are supposed to pay attention to their appearances, but if this part becomes excessive…. Then they can only be regarded as honor guards.

“Enough, my General.” Du Wei waved at Longbottom with a smile. Turning to face Old Smoke, he then said: “I think you already know what I want to ask without me saying it, right?”

Old Smoke nods before sighing: “My Lord, are you going to tie me up like a deserter?”

Indeed, this is what Old Smoke is most worried about. Within the empire, the punishments for deserters are all the same without exception…. Kill!!

“Tell us about your experience first Old Smoke.” Du Wei smiles.

“I….. Used to be a royal guard.” Old Smoke grits his teeth: “Before the ceremony on that summer day, I’ve been serving in the royal guards for 12 years full…..”

Subsequently, Old Smoke went over all the details of his experience in the coup.

“…… I was hit by an arrow, right here.” Old Smoke points to the wound on his chest: “I fainted, but did not die. When the battlefield is being cleaned, I was treated like a dead body and transported outside the city. In the middle of the night, I woke up and found myself within a mound of dead bodies and the burning smell of carcasses. I didn’t know which side had won at the time, so I didn’t dare call out. Instead, I secretly slipped out of the place by myself…… There were undermanned. With thousands of bodies to deal with, there were only around a hundred guards to keep watch, so I wasn’t discovered.”

“And then what?” Du Wei nods.

“Then I slipped away to a nearby town. In a farmer’s barn house, I spent the night sleeping in the haystacks. By the noon, I woke up and stole a set of clothes to disguise myself. Fortunately, there was a river nearby so I was able to clean my wounds. After that, I was later saved by a traveling merchant team. I explained to them what has transpired in the capital and that I was a normal citizen that got caught in the crossfire. My statement did not arouse and suspicion from them because a lot of innocent people got hurt just like me. After they helped bandage me up, I was given some food and water before being left alone. A few days later, I finally returned to the capital.”

“You’re back.” Du Wei nodded: “Well then, you should already know which side had won in the midst of the coup, right? Since the royalty side won, why didn’t you go back to your post? For someone like you, whom offered their life to fight the enemy, should be heavily rewarded if you returned.”

Old Smoke was silent, but Du Wei can tell, this 30 or so old man is burning with fire in his eyes!

“My Lord, we have a total of 3,000 people, most of them are dead now. Especially my team, my brothers, they all died. There’s also my squadron, our captain is dead too. Among my squadron, I fear I’m the only one left alive.”

Old Smoke’s voice became intense: “I’ve been there for 12 years, always loyal to the court. Whenever we get off our shift, me and my brothers would always go out. We would drink, we would gamble, and we would even go find woman together. I remember, I once fell off my mount and broke my leg. At that time, my squad captain personally brought me back from the race trace! But now….. They’re all dead.” When it comes to the last part, Old Smoke’s voice sounded a little dry: “They’re all dead now….”

Du Wei could not say anything while Longbottom only bit his lips in hesitation.

“I remember their names. They are all my brothers, my officers. Knight Hank, he is a good captain. He may be strict, but he would treat us to drinks once we were off duty. There’s also Ignazio, I still owe him money from gambling. And Russa, I even fought with him the day before over women. I wanted to apologize after the end of the day too, but now….” Old Smoke’s voice suddenly started to tremble clumsily as he repeated this phrase:

“But they’re all dead now, they’re all dead…….”

“But their death is not your fault.” Du Wei looked at Old Smoke in the eye: “They were killed by the rebels. You are very lucky not to die, so why did you not go back?”

Old Smoke did not answer Du Wei’s question, instead, he raised a question in reply.

“Your dukeship, the details of the coup d’état was later spread around, so everyone knew what was going on.” Old Smoke’s eye suddenly became murky like that of a dying man: “My lord, Prince Son became the Regent. On that day, he knew about the revolt, and he made preparations ahead of time! With his plan completed, he will eventually become the emperor, right?”

Du Wei suddenly feels like he understood the inner thoughts of this middle aged man!

“Since Prince Son already knew, why didn’t he stop it?”

“If Prince Son already knew, then why did we – the 3,000 royal guards – have to die?”

“If Prince Son already knew, then why didn’t he do something before the coup took place?”

Regarding these questions, Du Wei couldn’t answer it, or rather; he cannot say it out loud.

“Your excellency, do you find it impossible to answer?” Old Smoke smiles wryly: “I myself actually know.”

He sucks in a deep breath: “Because Prince Son never intended to block off that coup. He needed the coup to remove the crown prince. Therefore, the 3,000 of us needed to die. From the start, we were the bait, the bait to lure the crown prince into making the gigantic mistake. With his plan completed, Prince Son can now smoothly step up to the throne…. From the beginning till now, we were already abandoned!”

At the end, Old Smoke concluded: “I understand all of this.”

Du Wei only sighed but the fat chubby Longbottom standing next to him suddenly gave the table a heavy punch.

“I am a member of the royal guards.” Old Smoke’s voice sounded heavy: “I was once loyal to the royal household. As long as the royal flag points to a place, I’m willing to use my blood to fight for their dignity! Yet, I suddenly found out the people I swore my loyalty to all these years didn’t actually deserve my loyalty!”

“I’m a soldier, I am willing to die! But…… I’m definitely not willing to die for someone that abandoned me! Since I survived that battle, I refuse to ever go back to serve the royal family!”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 190




The 190th chapter “Blue Ocean’s request”

“Well?”

Once Old Smoke went out of the room, Du Wei glances over at Longbottom.

Longbottom shakes his head: “A nice guy…… Unfortunately, he chose the wrong person to swear his allegiance to. At the very least, I will never betray my subordinates and use them in a play.

After a pause, Longbottom made a demand on Du Wei: “Boss, I like this Old Smoke, why not let him become my subordinate.”

Surprisingly, Du Wei refused Longbottom’s request: “My general, I also like this guy because he will make a fine officer. Let him stay by my side, I’m short on people that’s familiar with royal etiquette.”

Longbottom agreed to his proposal with any sort of objection.

At last, the fate of Old Smoke was decided just like this. In Du Wei’s mind, he decided to form a squad of personal guards before he left the capital. With the appearance of Old Smoke, it is only natural this former royal guard would take up the leading post.

Before you know it, the thinking of a “climber” is already sprouting in Du Wei’s heart.

In his subconscious, Du Wei did not want all of his troops to be imprinted by this 250. Though he greatly admires this General, but he simply cannot let all of his people be commanded by a single person.

The key to control lies in balance, this is the important part.

And Old Smoke is a very suitable candidate in Du Wei’s view.

Within his mind, Du Wei already has a preliminary idea of how he wants to organize the army within his territory.

As a General familiar with the Northwest, Longbottom’s skill is perfect for the leadership role in his cavalry brigade. However, that is all; he cannot give Longbottom any more than that. In Du Wei’s grand plan, there is someone more suitable to take full control.

The person in question is someone he dealt with many times, Knight Robert. Strict and sound, he is the perfect person with total loyalty towards him.

Hussein and Nicole have already went ahead and met up with him in the capital, but Knight Robert is still on the road. The reason for such delays is because Du Wei had put him in charge of escorting Solskjaer and the contents within his laboratory. Due to the vast amounts of research materials and blueprints left behind, it is only normal to wait a bit longer.

And for this Old Smoke…… Du Wei believes he will make a fine captain.

Of course, there is still captain Alpha within his home. In terms of qualification and experience, Alpha is undoubtedly the more suitable candidate to be the captain of Du Wei’s personal guard.

However, Alpha had followed his father Raymond for far too long. With this in mind, Du Wei is certain Alpha is destined to not be a part of his crew.

For uncle Alpha, Du Wei had other plans in mind.

Those weird talents Longbottom recruited from the slave market have all been thrown into Du Wei’s personal guard….. This is a very enviable position and it can be said the road ahead is bright and well. As for Old Smoke, he will temporarily be appointed as the leader of these people until Knight Robert arrives.

The group had no comment; after all, the strength of this old guy is above everyone else’s. This is already common knowledge.

Within this period of time, Du Wei focused most of his energy with the school academy.

Every day, he would hide himself within the school compound and study the research results collected from those Mages in the society.

Meanwhile, the sentence written outside the main doorway by Du Wei has almost become the motto among the students learning within the Hogwarts branch.

“Those that seek success and wealth are to take another road! Those that cowar in fear of death, leave!”

Young blood is always easily provoked. So long as the slogan is filled with emotion, these simple minded kids will certainly have a strong sense of respect and loyalty towards Du Wei.

What’s more, the stuff taught by Du Wei is way more exciting than all the other branches combined.

Even for the two unlucky saps that were petrified in the golden eye practice session, the pair did not only become inspired to work harder, they didn’t even hold a grudge towards him for humiliating them in front of the school.

“Today will be the last lesson I teach you.”

On this day, Du Wei finally made his announcement in his auditorium: “Because everyone already knows that I’m about to go to my domain – Desa Province. So, I’m afraid there will be some time before I meet you guys again……”

The expressions on the 32 participants were looks of disappointment.

“But everyone doesn’t need to be too sad because if all things go well, we will meet again soon.” Du Wei began to laugh cunningly like a fox: “I already made a proposal to the school board as a member of the council. I think that in order to train a qualified magician, the person needs to go out and experience it firsthand instead of hiding in the academy. Therefore, we decided to send you guys out in batches to some of the famed adventuring locations. As a field test, you will accumulate experience! In my proposal, the only places safe for you fledglings are only three – the frozen forest, the southern marshes, and the….. Northwest.”

Du Wei smiles slyly.

“Of course, with your current strength, the school believes it’s suicidal to send you guys to the frozen forest, or the southern marshes. Therefore, the only place fitting for your strength is the Northwest. There are plenty of deserts with many hidden magical beasts lurking around. Like the black scorpion that can emit toxic fluids from its tail, or the sand snake that can swallow you whole, all of these beasts will provide you with plenty of experience. What I’m suggesting is that in the next few months, you will be heading to the Northwest for your…. Hmm, I call it ‘field practice’.”

Cheers erupted from below.

In three months, these students under Du Wei’s teaching have already built up sufficient confidence!

In the magic academy, all students are young hot heads, so its unavoidable that there be conflicts happening behind the scenes. These battles between individuals are what they call “sorcerer duels”.

From incomplete statistical data, the students from the Hogwarts branch have an overwhelming winning streak in these underground duels!

“Of course, not each one of you can be qualified to take part in this field test. Only those that pass a test will be allowed.” Du Wei began to smile: “Only a qualified individual can take this opportunity to go out and practice. Of course, this is for the sake of your safety. As for the content of the test…..” Du Wei touches his nose: “The academy will put you into several groups to form a several units. Without the protection of a teacher, you must overcome a adult ice demon wolf!”

Watching the young men under him without a hint of fear on their faces, Du Wei was very satisfied. Tapping the table, he then cried out: “We;; then! Pray for your future rookies! Be thankful! In the coming period, you will be free from my torment! Goodbye my students!”

With that, Du Wei went towards the door. Suddenly from behind, a neat standing ovation reached his ears. With a beat against their chests, the 32 participants performed a standard army salute.

“Thank you, I’m waiting for you in the Northwest.”

Regarding the current outcome, he is very pleased with it.

The days before leaving the capital went into countdown.

Du Wei’s biggest headache right now is still the problem of manpower.

The Desa Province is an entire region, an entire province! It will require large amounts of low level administration officials, yet his pocket is empty still.

Does he really need to stall till he’s at the Northwest before recruiting?

Du Wei sighed.

He has already been through a variety of channels in the capital to recruit people for this eggless place, but sure enough, the moment someone hears it’s for Desa Province, they fled like a plague was coming. It’s to be expected, the other party may respect you, but that doesn’t mean they will endure hardship by your side….

Very few are crazy enough to be willing to give up all this wealth in the capital to follow a Duke to the northwest.

Du Wei is not short on money. Within three months, his business have already tripled in size and his wealth has already reached a whopping 4 million gold coins!!!

However, gold may be able to buy slaves, but it cannot buy real talent.

The only good news: Zack junior is flourishing the business world, so female knight Rolynn is finally freed from the burden of being surrounded by those nasty young aristocrats.

And now, the police Chief Kami Siro is always wearing a set of the fancy armor set made by Du Wei’s shop during his street patrols.

“I need people! Just 300 is enough.” Du Wei sat inside his place as he frowned: “If there isn’t enough, then 200…. No, even 100 will do…..”

Maybe the gods really listened to Du Wei’s prayer. After his pitiful cry for help, Marde suddenly showed up to deliver a message.

“Master, someone sent from Mr. Blue Ocean’s place sent a message. If you are not busy tonight, he wishes for you to visit him tonight…..”

Du Wei was stupefied.

Scholar Blue Ocean?

The capital’s most famous and greatest scholar?

At the same time his brother Gabri’s teacher?!

From his memory, he doesn’t remember having any dealing with such a person, so why is he inviting him over to his place?

This scholar’s attitude is very big, even Du Wei knew this. No matter who it is in the capital, they have been impressed by this person’s wisdom. As such, this Mr. Blue Ocean has received numerous requests from many influential individuals to take in their own child. Nonetheless, this unyielding old man would never give in to the demands of those in power. Unless you can catch his eye, you can forget about joining his school.

In the past, this scholar was willing to take Gabri as a student was because Earl Raymond made multiple visits to this person’s home, begging him to take Du Wei’s younger brother. Indeed, Gabri did in fact become exceptionally smart compared to his peers after a few years of learning. However, after the coup, both parties haven’t had much interaction after his parent went back to the Rowling Plains.

What is he looking for me for?

Du Wei may respect this kind of scholar, but he really didn’t have much time right now. When he is just about to refuse the invitation, Marde quickly added: “Mr. Blue Ocean left this message for you, ‘perhaps he can solve the problem at hand.’”

Du Wei eyes lit up: “Ready the horse, I’ll go now!”

As the number on scholar in the capital, Mr. Blue Ocean’s home is very inconsistent with his position.

Mr. Blue Ocean’s home is located in the southern end of the capital – the southern part is where civilians live. Though his home is already quite big, but the decoration is simple and plain without looking tacky.

Pass the black bricked walls; he finally laid his eyes on the famous Blue Ocean sitting under a large tree.

Sitting in a cane chair, his robe was so plain that he didn’t have any sort of decoration on his body, nor did he have a shoe! Barefooted, this old man just quietly sat in his rattle chair like all the world is at peace around him. Seeing Du Wei coming in, he smiled: “Please come in. I didn’t know you would come so early, so I only prepared a pot of tea at the moment.”

Du Wei smiled somewhat embarrassingly.

He is indeed too impatient because the invitation indicated the evening. Yet, the sun didn’t even set yet and he is already bursting into the other parties home.

“It’s very quiet here.” Du Wei covers up his embarrassment with a scan of the surrounding: “Is it always this quiet around here?”

“No, during the day, the children’s will be here,” Blue Ocean smiles: “But they are at home now. Please sit down. Don’t mind my lack of etiquette, in my house, there is only one old servant. He should be busy in the kitchen right now, so I’ll have to trouble you to get a chair for yourself from inside the room.”

Taking a closer look at this famous scholar, Du Wei noticed this person looked very gentle with his erected silver hair. Without any form of beard, his white skin really didn’t match up with his age… In his mind, Du Wei really wondered what this person would look like if he dyed his hair. Maybe he would turn into a 40 year old man?

But Du Wei knows, the true age of his old gramps is at least past the 80s!

Du Wei really isn’t into the habit of making an 80 year old grandpa move a chair for him. Moving hastily, he ran inside and pulled out a chair and sat down in front of Mr. Blue Ocean.

This blue eyes old scholar didn’t seem to be the tantalizing type: “Your dukeship, I know why you came in such a rush. You are facing a difficult problem, right?”

“Correct.” Du Wei did not hesitate: “You sent me message saying you can help me?”

“Yes.” Blue Ocean nods: “You need a people, lots and lots of people to help build up your province’s administration.”

“That’s right, I need at least…… No, I need 300 people! 300 candidates to take charge of the administration posts.” Du Wei smiles.

“Your lordship, I don’t have 300 people, but under the current circumstances, I think that if there were 80 people, then it would just barely be enough.” Blue Ocean’s follow up easily saw through Du Wei’s lie.

Indeed, Du Wei exaggerated.

Du Wei continues to smile: “So then, can you recommend me some people?”

This old man leaning against a tree lets out a helpless sigh under the setting sun: “You know, I have a group of students, though some of them are from the nobility, but the majority of them are of the common class. From here, they managed to learn all sorts of things, but the opportunity for a civilization is simply too little. So I thought, since you are going to the northwest to create a new picture, then maybe I can land my students some opportunities.”

Du Wei knits his brow: “But what I need is a group of people who can assume the posts within the local administration, not some scholar.

Blue Ocean smiles: “Your lordship, I’m certain my students will satisfy you. I’m not the sort of scholar that likes to study astrology and divination. The stuff my students learn is the way of governing. I guarantee you they’ll be qualified. What they need is experience and a bit of confidence….”

Subsequently, Du Wei carefully inquired about some other questions. At last, he determined this Mr. Blue Ocean does indeed have some real skill.

Many of the so-called scholars of the Empire are in fact the type of people that gained their fame through the nobility circle by studying astrology and divination.

For example: Du Wei’s former teacher Mr. Rosia is a famous astrologist.

While the students under Mr. Blue Ocean are focused on: architecture, mathematics, history, and moral character.

“I will not let my students turn into those kind of people that can only please their lords, each of them have their own area of expertise.” At the end of his words, Blue Ocean made a guaranteeing gesture.

Du Wei nods before standing up. Then taking a walk around the yard, he turns around to look at the still smiling scholar.

“Mr.” Du Wei speaks in a deep voice: “I’m sorry to ask this question…… But, what is your reason for doing this?”

Du Wei is not the type of person to believe the sky would just drop a pie in front of him.

“You gave me such a big favor; I would like to know what kind of special request you have of me.”

Blue Ocean nods before standing up straight. Suddenly, the eyes of this old scholar suddenly showed a glimmer of light!

“Your lordship, you are a smart man, so I think you should already be aware of the following stuff I’m about to say…..”

Du Wei’s heart felt heavy as he silently waited.

“In the not so distant future, unrest is about to take place in the Northwest!” Du Wei was at awe for this old scholar. There is no doubt about hid point because Du Wei also agrees with his view.

“My request for you…… No, it should be regarded as an old man’s request to you, the grand duke in charge of the empire’s defense in the frontier.” Blue Ocean softly sighed before suddenly raising his voice: “In the future, no matter the circumstances, please be certain to never let the enemy cross over the Kilimanjaro Mountain!”

Du Wei trembled from shock!

Blue Ocean’s face was very serious: “Perhaps my word is a bit presumptuous, but I think you and I both know how deep the scar is between the empire and the people of the northwest! If those natives in the heart of the grassland make it through the mountain, then the empire will certainly face an unimaginable catastrophe. This is my request to you!”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.





* * *





Chapter 191




The 191th chapter “Du Wei’s scheme”

Late into the night, the weather of the imperial capital is already starting to heat up due to the hot season.

Only when the sun is finally set for the day will the weather finally cool down in this time of the year.

While everyone is sound asleep, the Duke’s manor is busily scurrying about because by this morning, they will finally be leaving for the Northwest.

No longer the horse groomer of old, Marde’s getup now is truly fitting of a housekeeper. Dressed in a set of luxurious robes, the only trace of his former origin is the accent he retained from his time in the Rowling Plains.

Like this, little Sandia remained by old Marde’s side all day like a little helper that he is. Regarding this clever little boy, Du Wei gave a lot of preferential treatment towards him. For example: prior to departure, he gave the kid’s family a large sum of money to make sure they are well taken care of.

Other than Hussein and Nicole, the only people under Du Wei that cannot be seen, just about every other subordinate under him is now gathered in the Duke’s residence at this moment. After coming to this world for so many years, he can finally say he has gathered a decent looking team under him.

As for Rolynn and Zack junior, these two will be staying behind in the capital for the time being. As Zack continues to mature, Rolynn will eventually be able to return to the fleet out at sea. Once that happens, George Bush, the one overseeing the fleet at the moment, will remain in the north and act as the middle man between Du Wei’s business and the mercenary groups.

With his business end covered, this leaves Solskjaer and the big headed Seth to handle his personal matters. Regarded highly in Du Wei’s heart, he intends to have this pair of geniuses finish up some of the unfinished experiments he started. Besides this, Du Wei is also hoping he could get these two to come up with some amazing ideas that he can utilize in the future.

Normally, he would have left the magic experiments to Gargamel, but this mouse has been locking himself away in recent days to cultivate his transformation magic. It seems the idea of regaining his former body like the dragon patriarch is too tempting that he is willing to ignore everything else…..

QQ’s status remains that of Du Wei’s pet. As long as this odd bird doesn’t speak in front of the public, no one will notice this strange thing.

The only ones remaining are General Longbottom, Knight Robert and Old Smoke. From here on out, this trio will be taking up the post of leading Du Wei’s combat forces. Side note: the group of odd ball talents recruited in the market will be thrown into Du Wei’s personal guard for the time being.

Of course, there is also Uncle Alpha, but this loyal retainer of the Rowling Household will have to wait till they are in the Northwest before Du Wei can utilize him.

This concludes Du Wei’s current team.

Accompanied by several servants and a number of slaves, the road ahead should not be a bumpy one. After all, there are plenty of frighteningly powerful companions by his side. If anyone should be afraid, it would be the bandits on the road.

Aside from this, Prince Son also ordered 500 royal guards to escort him on this journey.

While everyone is busy packing away the crates and luggage’s, Du Wei himself is upstairs looking out the window at the nightly scene.

Once again, I’m going to leave the capital…….

In the Northwest, Du Wei has a lot of confidence he can fully stretch his wings without the constraints of the capital.

“My lord.”

Preoccupied with his thoughts, a gentle female voice suddenly came from behind him.

Turning around, the first thing Du Wei saw is Rolynn standing at the doorway, her face full of uncertainty.

“What’s up, my female Knight?” Du Wei smiled.

“My Lord, there’s something…… I don’t know if I should report it to you, but I think it may be very important.”

Du Wei raises an eyebrow: “Speak.”

“The two special guests….. They seem to be restless.”

The one Rolynn refers to is the grand prophet of the United Kingdom and the small little Lufei.

“Oh, really?” Du Wei frowns, these days, he has been contemplating about what to do with these two guys. Problem is whenever he recalls the messages on Lufei’s feet, he would always get depressed. Besides restricting their ability to move about, Du Wei hasn’t done anything to them. In fact, he even made sure they are well fed and taken care of.

“Ben Carson said he wants to meet you.”

“See me?” Du Wei made a smirk: “Then let’s meet then!”

Meeting place is Du Wei’s study room. When Ben Carson and little Lufei were brought in, Du Wei found that the old man had a very serious look. Well, Du Wei never did abuse them, so it was to be expected. Aside from the change on the elder, the little kid seems to have put on some weight…..

“Oh, grand prophet, I heard you wanted to see me?” Du Wei smiles at Ben Carson.

“Yes, dear Duke.” Ben Carson took a few steps forward before suddenly kneeling down on the floor. His posture now is just like a monk from his previous life giving a full blown kowtow against the ground.

Though this is not something he likes, Du Wei did not bother stopping him because this person did in fact try to cheat him: “From the way things look, you have something to ask of me?”

“Duke, I know you are about to leave for the Northwest.” Ben Carson grits his teeth: “What do you intend to do with us……”

“I’ve set aside two spots in the carriage for you two.” Du Wei plainly replied, “You will come with me to the Northwest.”

Turning ghastly pale, Ben Carson seems to be so horrified that he cannot even lift his head to look at the teenager in front of him. Keeping his head down as he whispered, “My Lord, what value do we have to you by keeping us by your side?”

“Oh, what suggestion do you have then?” Du Wei smiles wickedly.

“Yes.” Ben Carson immediately spoke up: “My Lord, we hold no value to you while we’re here. I’m only a frail old man and little Lufei is nothing but a child right now.”

“Your meaning?” Du Wei stares down at Ben Carson.

“I request for a ransom.” Ben Carson grits his teeth even more: “My lord, I do not want to go to the Northwest. You know this already but the countless tribes in the United Kingdom are all waiting for us……”

“Your United Kingdom is the enemy of the Empire.” Du Wei coldly interrupted him: “You want to go back then use this child of god to reunite the scattered tribes of the United Kingdom?” Du Wei leaned forward, his eyes piercing straight into Ben Carson: “Do you think I would allow such a situation to happen? Don’t forget, I’m a Duke of the Empire!”

“But-but… The Empire just abandoned your family; your whole family is……” Ben Carson’s word surprsied Du Wei.

From the remark, Du Wei’s face went completely dark as he turned to give Rolynn a glance at the doorway.

Noticing the look she was receiving, Rolynn suddenly felt a chill running down her spine due to the murderous glance she got from Du Wei: “Rolynn, go find the blabbermouth that leaked the news to our guests! I remember my order was very clear, lock them up and not let anyone contact them!”

Startled, this female knight could only bow her head in shame as she nervously replied, “My lord, I……”

“Go investigate now!!!” Du Wei suddenly growled with rage, his face unusually terrifying due to the scarlet red flames bursting out of his body! This scene actually caused Rolynn to skip a beat!

These days, Du Wei spent a lot of efforts in studying the knowledge he stole from the academy; hence, his abilities have increased exponentially. In his fit of rage just now, he deliberately shrouded his entire body in flames to showcase his might. If he wished it, Du Wei could easily swallow Ben Carson in fire if he as so much as flicked a finger!

Not wanting to test his nerve, Rolynn had already ran away.

“It seems…… You know quite a bit.” Though Du Wei’s smile was an icy chill, but his eyes were clearly dyed red by the flames.

Not daring to move an inch, old Ben Carson’s whole body was shivering uncontrollably. As for the little Lufei, this little kid was already so scared that you can see tears swelling up in his eyes due to fear.

After almost a whole hour of silence, the only thing noticeable was the trembling body of Ben Carson pinned to the ground.

When Rolynn returned, this female knight did not disappoint and brought back the result Du Wei wanted.

“My-my lord, it is…..”

“Who is it?” Du Wei’s expression looked gloomy.

It is a servant in the shop that was responsible for delivering food to Ben Carson. Though everyone knows the story, but there will always be people gossiping in the background. This old guy isn’t stupid; he knows he needed to do something, thus, his sights fell on intel gathering.

The root of the problem isn’t actually on that servant that leaked the information. Under the supervision of Rolynn, most of the people in the shop are well behaved; the only exception to this actually caused Du Wei to frown a little.

The instigator is in fact the quadruplets that Du Wei brought back with him. Taking advantage of the fact that they were once under his care, these four girls held resentment towards Du Wei that they did not get the doting affection that they expected….. As such, the gossips were first spread from their mouths.

“Alright.” Not waiting for Rolynn to finish her report, Du Wei is already nodding his head: “No need to go on.”

Du Wei then quickly made his decision: “The servant in charge of delivering food….. And our four ladies, have someone round them all up! Afterwards, reward them with ten lashes each! When you are carrying out the punishment, make sure everyone is present to witness it. This way around, they will know the result of not heeding my commands! Rolynn, I need you to remember that once I give you someone to manage, they are your people from hence forth. If you can’t manage your people properly, I will be very disappointed in you! Got it?”

Rolynn’s face looked grim as she nodded. Then turning around, she walked away.

Du Wei’s ruthlessness surprised Rolynn because the quadruplets only had a slip of mouth…. Compared to the time when she first met the young master in the inn, this young Duke has finally grown up.

Du Wei quietly sat down in his chair for a moment. When he finally looked up again, his face has already returned to the calm attitude that he had before. Looking at the jittering Ben Carson: “Now then, let’s continue our conversation.”

Old Ben Carson is already too afraid to say anything anymore.

Du Wei’s gaze loomed over his body: “Because of my family’s experience, you think I will let you go back and build up your United Kingdom?”

The old guy’s body started to tremble even more.

After a long time, Du Wei suddenly began to laugh with an eerie tone to his voice. Going around his desk, he gently raised a hand and gently tapped it against Ben Carson’s shoulder before whispering into his ear:

“You guessed right.”

Old Ben Carson could hardly believe his ears! What did this little devil say?

“…… I’m sorry?”

From the outrage that just took place, Ben Carson really thought he is done for and death is inevitable!

Raising his head with a stunned look, he looked at Du Wei that was standing next to him.

Still donning a smile, Du Wei only needed to wave his sleeve a bit close the room’s door with a gust of wind.

“Now then, let’s talk about the conditions of the ransom.”

Only after a long moment of disbelief did old Ben regain his thoughts. Fumbling his mouth in an effort to speak, he finally managed to stammer out his words.

He hopes that Du Wei would first let him go back, leaving only little Lufei behind for now until he can gather the necessary wealth.

“You go back first?” Du Wei knits his brow: “You think I’m going to believe you?”

“This is the only way, Duke.” Ben Carson quickly explains: “If I simply send a letter back, no one will believe it. Only by personally being there will they…..”

Du Wei nodded: “Fine then, keep going.”

“Only by going back will I be able to persuade the other grand prophets and the king. As for the ransom number….”

Old Ben Carson bites his lip: “I think with my influence, I should be able to give you a satisfying amount.”

Du Wei softly taps the table: “Specifics.”

“You can send a ship. When the ship returns, there will be gold, spices, and gemstones aboard!”

Du Wei did no reply.

Ben Carson can see this little Duke is not temped. Biting his lips even harder, he followed up, “Two ships!”

“Ben Carson.” Du Wei sighed: “You know, if I let you go back, this is treason in a sense. You think two ships worth of wealth can buy my treason?”

Ben Carson’s voice begins to shake: “Then your meaning is?”

“I have a fleet.” Du Wei smiled and said: “I’ll let the whole fleet go back with you back. What you have to do then is to fill the entire fleet! Once the fleet returns, I will have little Lufei sent to the Southeast.”

Gulp…..

The whole… The entire fleet……

Ben Carson hesitated for a long time, but the United Kingdom needs little Lufei, the bloodline of the creator.

Finally giving in, he nodded as he squeezed the next words out of his mouth: “Okay, I’ll take it!”

As the pair was escorted out of his study room, Du Wei sighed inside: “These southeastern natives really are rich!”

With only Du Wei left in the room, a voice came from behind.

“You’re really going to do this?”

The one talking is Du Wei’s pet, heavenly beast QQ.

As a pet bird, the existence of QQ is no secret. As long as this penguin refrains from speaking out at the improper time, then no one will find it suspicious.

QQ has been present in the room the entire time, but those that saw him only thought of QQ as a strange bird.

“What are you talking about?”

“You’re really going through with it?” QQ’s voice sounded worried: “Treason?”

“Do you think I will?” Du Wei smiles.

QQ thought for a moment: “I think you are blackmailing the old guy. Once the ransom money is in your hand, you won’t release the hostage.”

“No, you are wrong this time my Mr. heavenly beast. Once I get the ransom, I will definitely let the hostage go.” Du Wei smiles: “I will give the United Kingdom a ‘King’.”

Then he counter questioned QQ: “I heard the dark arts have a spell that can control ones soul. I just so happens to be studying this field recently.”

QQ is frightened by Du Wei’s word. Blinking his little eyes, this penguin waited a bit before finally sighing: “You really are a little devil.”

“You are in no position to judge me.” Du Wei looks over at QQ: “Don’t forget where your former master got his strength from, it’s from the devil.”

“So, you really are going to…… Punish those poor girls?” QQ shakes his head: “Being so cruel to a girl is not the way of a gentleman….”

“So what do you think I should do, democracy? Oh, that bastard Aragon must have mentioned the word to you, right? Don’t make me laugh QQ!” Du Wei expression turned cold: “Open the window and have a look outside. You see those slaves and servants? This place is an empire! As a climber, one may die without even knowing what happened if they can’t manage the people below! You say I’m cruel and an authoritarian… But in order to survive in this world, you have to be like this.”

Du Wei finishes off his speech with this: “You’ve probably seen those familiar members of the ruined aristocrats, right? One day they are standing at the top of the pyramid, the next they are sold as slaves to be tortured and used in a brothel. As long as a man can offer up a few silver coins, they can vent their desires on them! This is how this world works!”

With that, Du Wei turned around and walked away.

QQ was silent in the study room for a long time before mumbling something to himself: “No wonder Aragon said he could end it all…..”



If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.





* * *





Chapter 192




The 192th chapter “Sin City”

Shortly after midnight, all the people in the shop were woken up for what is about to transpire. In front of everyone, Rolynn personally took hold of the whip and executed the punishment against the servant and the four beauties. No matter how loud their cries were, nothing could stop her.

In the end, traces of 10 solid lashes were imprinted on the delicate skins of these girls.

“I hope that every order of mine will be complied by all from now on.” Rolynn puts down the whip as she eyed the four girls: “Stop trying to challenge the rules here. I don’t care how it was for you girls prior to coming here, but while you are here, you must accept your fate! Don’t put on the air of a lady, otherwise…..”

Slowly walking up to one of the girls, Rolynn lightly pinched her in the chin as she whispered, “I know what you’re all thinking…… You want to hook onto the Duke. Then all of a sudden, you will transform from a peacock to a phoenix in a single day. Once that happens, you will become the lady of the house, right? I’m telling you now, you can discard the idea immediately…… Continuing to hold onto such thoughts are useless. I will look down upon you! We are all woman, yet you girls can only think of using your bodies to serve the male counterpart! If you want something, then use your own strength to fight for it. Only by doing this will you earn my respect! Now stop wasting your time daydreaming all day!”

Finishing up the last sentence, Rolynn untied the four girls and had them carried into the room. Then facing the crowd, she announced: “Anyone beaten just now will not get food today.”

With that, she dropped the whip and left because she still had important matters to attend for tonight due to the command Du Wei gave her.

Within a month’s worth of time, she is to gather as many ships as possible…… Then with Ben Carson by her side, she is to travel to the Southeastern Sea!

And her mission for this trip is…..

“Your only responsibility is to suck the United Kingdom’s treasury dry! I’m sorry? You said we don’t have enough ships? Then go find more! Borrow, buy, or even rob! Rolynn, a chance to land such a big fortune doesn’t come often…. Also, when you come back, I want you to scribe me a map of the geography. This is very important, remember this!”

These are Du Wei’s exact words!

While Rolynn is showcasing her might inside, Du Wei was already inside his carriage. This luxurious coach was gifted to him by Prince Son. Spacious and stylish, the flag flying on the roof is already replaced with Du Wei’s house insignia – a flaming tulip.

Not only is the inside big enough to maneuver with ease, the thick velvet blankets covering the seats and floor is exemplarily soft. With such a grand lineup, one can already imagine the comfort it would bring during the journey. Aside from this, Du Wei also made some modifications to the coach that lightened the burden. Right under the main body, he imbued the structure with a magic array that reduced the rocking motion.

Of course, a luxury cannot be called luxury if there isn’t fine wine and food. Hidden in the secret compartments under the seats, Du Wei stashed away all sorts of fine consumables for the road ahead.

As for the coachman, it is undoubtedly old Marde. Du Wei didn’t want to do this, but under the repeated of this old man, he finally gave in. Marde’s argument is this: “Master, I’m already getting old, so I don’t know how long it will be until I can’t do this anymore. Perhaps this is the last trip where I can be your coachman, so let me take this opportunity to serve you.”

Riding in the comfort of this luxurious carriage is not only Du Wei.

Looking at the cowering little Lufei in the corner, this kid doesn’t seem to very confortable riding with Du Wei. Knotholes, Du Wei only smiled as he pulled out a bottle of wine from under his seat: “Want a drink? Our journey is very long.”

Lufei didn’t say anything in return. Though the kid is only two years younger than Du Wei, but the way he was reacting is like that of a horrified kid trying to get away from some frightening object.

“Well then, my poor little Lufei.” Du Wei first poured himself a glass before pouring another for the kid: “don’t panic so much. You are like a cowardly rabbit right now. Oh heavens…. You remember this!” Du Wei suddenly reached out and grabbed he kid’s collar – this new set of wear was prepared by Du Wei: “Listen kid! You will soon be the king of a whole nation! Do you understand this? A king! As a king, you can’t be such a coward. Now show some courage!”

Under the steady gaze of Du Wei, Lufei’s face became deathly pale.

“Now, pick up the glass and drink it.” Du Wei coolly commanded.

Lufei’s body was still shivering, but did as Du Wei ordered. In a single motion, he quickly gulped down the wine. Unfortunately, since the kid never had much contact with alcohol, he was choking profusely trying to cough up the content.

Du Wei only smiled as he patted the boy on the shoulder: “Look, it’s good, right? Very simple, right? You’ll get used to it. Now child, take another cup and carefully taste drink it. Take care not to choke…. Being a king in the future means you will have a lot to learn, but rest assured, I will teach you.”

Humph, the feeling of tutoring a king is not bad.

With the shout of Knight Robert leading in the front of this 60 wagon long convoy, the long queue started to maneuver.

Consisting of 500 royal cavalry troops, the escort team separated into two groups with one leading in the front to open up the road.

Before the sun could even rise, Du Wei and his entourage is already on the path to the Northwest….

Many, many years later, Du Wei’s most sincere servant Marde inadvertently quoted these words under the effect of alcohol:

“What are you talking about? Did I have any fear when i followed the master to the Northwest? Oh heavens, you’ve got to be kidding me! The bandits in the Northwest? The warlords? Those savage natives? Humph…. I in fact did pray during the trip, but it wasn’t for us. I prayed for those guys! I don’t see anyone in this world could possibly take advantage of our young master. Subsequent events did in fact prove I was right… Those guys in the Northwest really do need to pray…. HA-HA-HA-HA……”

The enormously sized convoy has already traveled for three days, and the coachman for Du Wei’s ride have already changed hand. Under the heating sun of this weather, Du Wei would never allow old Marde to endure such conditions. If he really did permit such a thing, he feared those old bones in Marde would have already collapsed before they can even get to the Northwest.

Contrary to Du Wei’s goodwill, old Marde really wished he could continue to be the coachman. Compared to the heat exposure outside, the current circumstance is way more uncomfortable for him because he felt like he is in an icebox right now.

Indeed. Although Marde is sitting in an extremely comfortable carriage, but the passenger with him is not.

Along the way, Hussein was always cold faced that old Marde thought this person is made like this from birth. Yet, this wasn’t the worst part. Other than the cold natured Hussein, there sat a blonde beauty that always kept her eyes closed beside him. Nicole’s eyes may be closed the entire time, but Marde had the instinctive feeling that if he angered this woman, his fate would be a hundred times worse compared to offending the knight in front of him.

Sure, the indifference from the one eyed knight(Hussein) is hard to put up with, but this blonde beauty…..

Ever since he got into the coach, the first interaction he had with her was this:

First question: “You are a human, right?”

Old Marde replied: “…… Yes, that’s right.”

The second question: “How many bones does a human body have? I am told there are a total of 206, is it not?”

Old Marde: “……”

The third question: “Do you know where I can find a complete human skeleton? I’d like to look at one.”

Old Madeleine: “……”

Just three questions and old Marde is already convinced that under any circumstances, he cannot ever offend this strange woman, even if she is a kingdom ruining beauty.

Compared to poor Marde, little Lufei is having a way easier time in his life right now.

Of course, the most important reason is that in Du Wei’s carriage, there is finally another person present.

Along with Hussein and Nicole, little Vivian also joined the convoy and is riding along with Du Wei.

With little Vivian by his side, Du Wei’s attention finally moved away from this ‘future king’ of the United Kingdom. Ever since the ordeal of having his body stripped naked and the time when Du Wei enshrouded his entire body in flames, Lufei was already implanted with a seed of fear that he could not discard. Now that Ben Carson is not by his side, the emotion is only growing stronger with each passing day.

Therefore, the appearance of this beautiful yet simple girl is like a beam of sunshine in the chilly morning – warm and welcoming.

Lufei may be trying his earnest in shrinking his body against the corner, but once in a while, he would inherently peek over at Vivian. Every laugh, every smile, he would memorize e her charm.

This is especially true when Vivian handed him the peppermint candy. Swear to god, it is the best thing he ever ate in his life.

“Du-Du Wei……” Vivian looks over at the pathetic looking Lufei as she whispered into Du Wei’s ear, “He-he seems to be very-very afraid of you.”

Du Wei squint his eyes as he chuckled a laugh: “This lifetime, he will forever live in fear of me.”

There is no doubt that this sentence just pronounced Lufei’s destiny.

By the seventh day of their journey, Knight Robert rode over from the front that evening and made a report. They will soon be entering the Nuling Province of the Northwest.

The Nuling Province is considered to be the most prosperous region of the northwest. After bypassing this place, what comes next is Du Wei’s Desa Pronvince, the barren and untamed wilderness.

Knight Robert’s recommendation is that they should call it a day and rest in the small town nearby…. When tomorrow comes around, they should head west and try to make it into the capital of the Nuling Province within two days.

But after hearing the report, Du Wei instantly rejected it.

“Change the plan and head north. I want to be at Big Ear city by tomorrow afternoon.”

Change direction for Big Ear city?

After obtaining Du Wei’s order, the messenger immediately went forward to carry out the command.

As for Vivian, she gave him a strange look because she had already seen the map around the Northwest.

Big Ear city may be close by, but it is definitely not a part of their pre-determined route. In fact, if they did go there, they would have to make a long detour before making their way into the Nuling Province.

Also, Big Ear city is not a safe place either. In the empire, this city has a special nickname: Sin City.

The reason for this is because various criminals across the continent are sent to this city before being routed to their pre-arranged destinations. Like criminals, rebels, and traitors, all of these people will eventually become slaves to be sent to the frontier or some hard labor camp.

A world full of thieves, robbers, insurgents, and other criminals, the security there have always been problematic. As a city filled with tens of thousands of exiled criminals all through the year, no merchant or adventurer would want to pass through this dangerous place.

“We-we’re going to Big Ear city?” Vivian nervously asked. After all, she is still young so it is to be expected that she would instinctively resist the idea.

“Of course.” Du Wei smiled: “I spend tens of thousands of gold coins there, you know? My dear Vivian, there is an intact infantry regiment waiting for me there to incorporate!”

Vivian would of course not know this. After Du Wei chose the Northwest as his territory, he was already making preparations for this day.

After bribing some officials with tens of thousands of gold coins, Du Wei managed to get the results he wanted: “changing some of the orders in several documents.”

The city defense guards that participated in the coup were only partially annihilated. In fact, the majority of the second division, around 10,000 soldiers, immediately laid down their arms after the Crown Prince committed suicide; therefore, these people managed escape their deaths by surrendering.

Originally, these prisoners were either supposed to be sent to the southern border for naval construction, or work in the marshes, but thanks to Du Wei’s intervention, a few of them will have their fates changed. Scratching their names from the original file, he had a small portion of the original 10,000 sent to this Sin City.

4,000 people! A complete Regiment! Each one is a thoroughly trained veterans!

“These people may be rebels, but they were only following the orders from the above. Deep down they never really sinned, so why not let them stay by his side so he can use them?

This way, Du Wei only needed to spend some gold for bribery and here it is, a highly trained regiment of infantries! Such a deal is totally worth it.

If it wasn’t for the fear of upsetting Prince Son by going too far, he might have really pocketed the entire group of 10,000 rebels!

However, 4,000 people is still a pleasant number. Whether it is their abilities or experience, these people will not lose out to those stationed in the capital!





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 193




The 193rd Chapter “The provisional decree from 20 years ago”

Contrary to the city’s infamous title as a Sin City, the history of this fortress isn’t all that long. Exactly 20 years ago, this place is nothing more than wilderness without a whiff of civilization. Nevertheless, after the war between the empire and the natives in the Northwest, this region of land saw drastic changes. In the name of protection and self-preservation, number military forts were constructed along the border.

However, with the passage of time and the rising tension in the empire’s finances, many of these military forts were eventually wasted due to neglect. In the eyes of the former emperor, the Northwest is already conquered, thus the old man’s focus shifted to that of the riches hidden away in the Southeastern Sea.

Nowadays, these giant structures have already lost their former glory, and Big Ear City is no exception to this trend.

Once known merely as Ear Mountain – the contours of the mountain looked like an ear from above – a town was erected in the mountain base to be used as a hub for transit in the battlefield.

Later after the war, it gradually evolved into what you see today, a place where all criminals are sent before being moved to their assigned locations.

In the entirety of Big Ear city, there are no citizens present, only the 2000 garrison soldiers stationed here to oversee the vast numbers of detainees. The majority of these people are expected at some heavy labor camp, but most of these poor souls will never make it through their sentence because the expected survival duration is only two years.

The cruelty against criminals is easy to see in this place.

As such, there is a saying among the people: “It is better to meet your death as a rebel than to go to Big Ear city.” The reason for this is because death is instant, but if you are stuck in Big Ear city, then that means you will still have two more years of suffering before meeting your maker.

The commanding officer of this deathly city is named Biaideluo . Though his rank may be that of a commander, but his situation is a bit exceptional. Under normal circumstances, a regular infantry regiment would have 4,000 soldiers, but Biaideluo ’s regiment is only half of this number. Aside from the reduced numbers, there is a perennial lack of equipment among the guards. To put it into perspective, there is not a single soldier in this regiment with a complete set of armor. Well, it’s to be expected since the higher ups only needed them to guard the prisoners.

Early this morning, Biaideluo had long woken up in preparation for today’s special guest – the high command issued him the news days ahead.

This occasion is in fact a great relief for him. Some days ago, a total of 4,000 prisoners were sent to him from the capital. With his sharp eyes, he could tell these prisoners were not ordinary criminals…. Well trained and seasoned veterans, such a vast number has left him on edge for the past weeks already…..

Whether it is the quality or quantity, these rebels far exceeded that of his own motley crew. No…. To be precise, this motley crew of his can’t even called armed guards.

If his worst nightmare comes true now, Biaideluo fears he won’t be able to quell the riot.

Therefore, when the orders from above came, he was totally relieved that he will soon be rid of these unwanted burdens.

Yet, even after waiting a whole day since yesterday, the special guest that was mention still hasn’t arrived yet.

Biaideluo mutteres to himself: “Did the people from above send the wrong order?”

Inwardly, he really wanted to ditch these people as soon as possible.

When the sun finally broke through the morning clouds today, Biaideluo could finally see the distant images of a cavalry team approaching at a rapid pace.

As the image became clearer, Biaideluo actually skipped a beat when he saw the other party’s flag…. Oh god, it’s the Thorn Flower insignia of the royal guards!!

Royalty? A member of the royal family?

Biaideluo dare not neglect. Hurriedly, he ordered the gates to be open before personally leading his own entourage to welcome the other side.

This group of royal cavalry knights consisting of 300 personals did not show any signs of slowing down. Only by coming up to the city gates did they finally stop in their track.

At the head of the group is a middle aged knight with a short headed beard. Using a very rich voice: “Call out your commanding officer!”

Biaideluo quickly took a few steps forward: “I’m Big Ear city’s commanding officer Biaideluo , Sir, please report your identity.”

“I’m called Robert.” The middle aged rider spoke in a light voice: “Commanding officer of House Tulip’s private army. Commander Biaideluo , please ready your people in preparation for his Duke’s arrival!”

Duke? House Tulip?

Only after scratching his head for a long time did Biaideluo recall a recent rumor. In the aftermath of the recent coup, a young teenager was appointed to the position of Duke…… Although the event took place several months ago, but the news of has only just begun to spread because after all, this world doesn’t have any kind of internet or news network to broadcast the event. Not to mention this is Big Ear city, the so called Sin City of the continent where only criminal and slaves come to meet their maker.

Nonetheless, the status of a Duke is not someone Biaideluo can offend. Moving quickly, he ordered his people to stand in formation. Very soon, a carriage guarded by dozens of cavalry riders was slowly coming over.

When Biaideluo came up to the coach to welcome the Duke, he was quickly shocked at what he saw.…. Why it’s a teenage boy!

But this idea only slightly skimped through his mind. Without delay, Biaideluo kneeled down on one leg and made a proper salute: “My lord, welcome to Big Ear city.”

Du Wei was frowning over the scene before him because this Big Ear city is simply too run down. According to the records, the city was built against the mountain side to increase its fortitude. As one can see, many parts of the stone walls were already falling apart, and in some places of the rampart, huge cracks are easily noticeable. Above all, the patrolling soldiers from above looked like slouches.

Gently taking off his gloves, Du Wei used it fan himself a few times before sighing: “Alright commander. Hurry and take me to my people, I don’t have much time…. This damn weather is really unpleasant.”

Seeing Du Wei was already entering the gate of his own accord, Biaideluo hurriedly followed up.

Only by coming into Big Ear city did Du Wei find out how much worse this place really is! Broken in all sorts of places, he can hardly see any of the walking streets still intact.

“Where’s my people?”

“All of them are waiting in the training field.” Biaideluo was careful in his words: “I thought you would be here last night according to the order, so I had them all lined up since last night….”

Du Wei’s pace slowed down a bit before turning back at this exhausted looking guy: “Oh, my apologies. The road here was more difficult than I imagined, so we missed the schedule.”

Where in the world would he dare accept an apology from a Duke? Hurrying in his words, Biaideluo repeatedly replied with ‘I wouldn’t dare’. Like this, he led Du Wei and his escorts inside.

Even inside, Du Wei was frowning because with every gust of wind, the dirt on the stone paved roads would roll up like clouds: “It seems your finances are very tight.”

Biaideluo immediately cried out: “Isn’t it? My lord…… I’ve already racked my brains for money. All year round, this place is holding tens of thousands of people along with my subordinates. Yet, the delivery of supplies would often be delayed. Look around, its barrens hills around here, I cannot let my people ear sand, right? There is also equipment….” His voice lowered at this mention: “My lord, it’s not me complaining, but I have to tell you the truth. I may have only 2000 subordinates, but the number of equipment in my hand is only equal to that of 800 sets! Every year, my people have to take turns using the gear when going out on patrol. 800 armed soldiers to oversee 10,000 prisoners……”

Du Wei smiled as he looked at the wry faced guy in front of him: “You’ve been commanding this place for many years, right?”

This question immediately hit a sore spot in Biaideluo’s heart…. Indeed, who would want to stay in this eggless hatchery? For eight years, he’s been stuck here despite the fact that personal changes usually happen every three years.

Watching the grimace faced Biaideluo, Du Wei suddenly showed a smile in his face. Lowering his voice, he asked: “Do you know why you never got promoted?”

“…… My lord, please advise me!” Biaideluo’s eyes sparkled with light.

“Because of the words you just said to me!” Du Wei smirked.

This guy is too easy to complain. Without any restraint, he would burst out all his weaknesses to any superior that comes to visit…. So who will like it?

Hence, a negative guy like him would of course be at the bottom.

“If you want to get promoted, then I’ll show you a way.” Du Wei said this with smile: “Next time when a superior comes to visit, you better lift your spirit and tidy up this place. No matter the difficulty, pretend everything is running smoothly….. If you can do that, I guarantee you will go up within two years.”

Listening to these words, he became so touched that he was lost in thought for a second. When he came to, Biaideluo realized Du Wei was already long gone. Panicking, he quickly ran forward to catch up.

Though the training ground is quite big, but the floor is just like the rest, broken and rugged. Even for Du Wei that was wearing a sturdily made boot; he could still feel quite the discomfort on his feet.

Then he finally had his first look at the crowd in the field.

A total of 4,000 prisoners. All donning the same type of prison uniforms, their expression were cold and lifeless as if their spirit were sucked dry.

Is this his future infantry unit?

Du Wei frowns: “How can they be so dull?”

“This… ..” Biaideluo scratched his hair: “Your honor, I got word that you will arrive last night, so I had them all wait here since last night. But…..” Biaideluo sighed: “Because of the recent supply shortages, the prisoners here can only eat one meal per day.”

Du Wei immediately became angry!

One meal a day?

These people are his future soldiers!! This fucking guy dare starve his people?

But looking at Biaideluo’s sour expression, Du Wei simply couldn’t throw a tantrum because he can tell the guy had no other way.

Sure enough……

“…… Even I can only eat two meals a day. The only people that can ensure three meals a day are the guard chiefs.” Biaideluo sighed in sadness: “If supplies are ten days later, even the guard chiefs will have their food rations cut.”

Du Wei flipped around in disbelief: “Is the situation this tight?” Who is in charge of your supply?”

“It’s the Northwestern army.” Biaideluo smiled wryly: “My Lord, this is the Northwest. All supplies in the Northwest is issued through the high command of the Northwestern army…. And the problem is…..”

Having said that, Biaideluo hesitated as if he didn’t know whether if he should keep going.

Du Wei can see the guy was hesitating: “Speak, I won’t blame you!”

Through the years, he has reported this problem countless times to those above, but in the end, there was never any news in return! Now that the chance has arrived……

“My Lord, the 2000 soldiers in Big Ear city belongs to the city garrison department, but because of the provisional decree from 20 years ago, our supplies are decided by the Northwestern army. So…..”

“So what? ”

Looking up at Du Wei’s eyes, Biaideluo suddenly had a surge of courage coursing through his vein: “So we are like a child facing a stepmother! Even though we are only 50 miles from the supply camp, our supplies would always be late. Even when it arrives, those in charge would secretly deduct our share for their own pocket……”

Du Wei frowned in thought for a while: “Why is this happening? According to imperial decree, local supply for the garrison should be supported by the local government. Why is this place controlled by the Northwestern army?”

“……” Biaideluo smiled bitterly: “During the war in the Northwest more than 20 years ago, there was a interim order set in place. According to the situation at the time, this decree was very reasonable. The problem lies in the fact that after 20 years, this interim order still hasn’t been cancelled. Those guy’s in the Northwestern army can fill their bellies while we can only starve…..”

Du Wei’s expression went dark. Never in his mind did he think the situation in the Northwest would fall to such a state!

War doctrine?

If the decree still isn’t cancelled…. Then his own Desa Province…..

Every year he will need to give out a portion of his revenue to the Northwestern army???

Du Wei thought for a while but knew this problem is not something he can solve right now. shoving the problem in a corner of his mind, he turned his focus back at the prisoners in front of him.

“Find someone to push a cart here. I want to address them.” Du Wei orders.

Soon, a rickety cart was pushed over and placed in the middle of the crowd. Jumping up onto the cart, Du Wei takes in a deep breath before speaking out:

“All attention!”

His booming shout ripped off his cloak that was concealing the black mage robe below!

With a simple spell, Du Wei made sure his voice could cover the entirety of the field.

With that, the attention of the 4,000 prisoners quickly focused on Du Wei’s body. To them, the image of this child mage seems all too familiar.

“Humph!” Du Wei gave out a loud laugh: “I am sure that most of you guys here still remember me!!”

Voices of discussion began bellowing out from those down below. Their eyes filled with complicated emotions as they looked at Du Wei.

That’s right; many of them did recognized Du Wei because his achievement that day left a lasting impression in their mind!

“That’s right.” I can see from your eyes that you still remember me!” Du Wei laughed, cried:” Yes, I am Du Wei: former member of the Rowling Household, Duke of the Empire, as well as a magician of the magic union. From the way it looks, I will be your future master!!”

Du Wei said this all in one single breath. As he carefully watched the expression of the 4,000 prisoners, he was very satisfied because he can no longer see the numb expressions on these people.

“All attention! Second Division of the Royal Guards! Formation!!!”

With that shout of Du Wei, Knight Robert that was on standby had already taken out a horn.

In the effect of the loud horn call, Du Wei yelled out: “All officers stand up front! I request you guys get in formation at the shortest amount of time. If by the end of the horn call and you still can’t get in line, then be prepared to face military punishment!”

Boom!

The crowd erupted. The once lost fierceness in their eyes finally came alive again. Though their freedom and glory is gone, but their instincts are not.

Very soon, the crowd surged up like ants and started to line up in accordance with their original station.

By the end of the horn sound, they are no longer the 4,000 scattered prisoners. In its stead is a real formation befitting of an army!

The formation may have been formed within the specified time, but when the time for the leading officer to come forward to make it report, there was a halt in movement.

The reason is because their leading officer has been killed in the coup.

Some of the officers hesitated for a second until one cleverer of the bunch stepped forward to announce the completion of the lineup.

With this first example, the other officers can only learn from this and step forward to make their report.

Du Wei was pleased with this result and even gave an encouraging look at the guy that first came forward.

“Very good!” Du Wei coughed once to clear his throat: “I am very pleased because after four months, you people still maintained your military instincts!”

“I know you are both very hungry and very tired because you’ve sat here all night. Ever since you guys were placed here in this Sin City, you’ve been uneasy and fearful for your future!” Du Wei cried out: “I believe the majority of you already know the rumor for this place and the fate that awaits you!”

At this point, Du Wei pointed at the people down below before shouting out loud: “That’s right! You are now prisoners, criminals! You should be sent to Northwest deserts to eat sand. to build walls, to move stones, and to take the lashes of the overseer! Every day, you can only drink diluted vegetable soup! I promise you, in less than a year, most of you will die!”

Du Wei, points to his nose: “If not for me, your fate will be like that…. If not for me coming to save you guys, then!”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 194




The 194th chapter “bleed for me!”

“If not for me, every one of you will be struggling to survive under the overseer’s whip. With every drop of sweat and blood drained, you will die! Even in death, you are sinners, prisoners, and even slaves! Your fates are set to be full of wailing sorrows in the darkness.” Standing on top of the cart, Du Wei mercilessly trampled onto their dignity!

“Your name will be forever engraved on the pillar of shame! Whenever someone brings up the mention of the second division, they will spit on it and scold at you. Traitors! Yes, that’s what you are!”

At this point, Du Wei paused for a breath, his eyes full of oppression. Slowly, he swept through the crowd and saw that many of them were full of sorrow and fear.

“Of course!” His tone suddenly changed, “Some of you may think you are very capable….. Yeah, that’s right; many of you will choose this path like so many others before you in the Northwest….. You will run!” Du Wei coldly laughed: “But is there any point to running? Where will you run to? When you were deprived of your liberty, stripped of your honor, all of your families would have already received the news of your crime! Your parents, wife, brother, sons, they all know about your shame! Even if you do make it back after losing the pursuers, you can only hide in a hole! Yes, that’s right, a hole! Like a dog, you can only hide in there for the rest of your life without seeing the light of day! If you ever come forward, the only thing waiting for you is the execution stage. Even in the dead of night, you will wake up from the slightest footstep sound! And according to imperial law, your family will be punished if you flee!”

Some of their eyes have already revealed despair, but more of them can already see his words held a deeper meaning. With eager eyes, they are looking forward to Du Wei’s next words.

“The change in your destiny will begin from this day forward.” Du Wei points to the ground under his feet: “Because I came today, I will change your tragic fate in the darkness. I can make you and let you escape from a pitiful death! Right now you are prisoners, a worthless prisoner! But because of my arrival……. Listen up, I will give you a chance to regain your freedom and hope…. A opportunity to regain your honor and dignity!”

The last word lit up all their hope inside. Holding their heads high, every single of these people focused their gaze on Du Wei.

“I.” Du Wei yelled: “Du Wei-Rudolph. Duke Tulip of the Empire, I grant you hope and give you a chance to take up arms again. All you have to do is take this opportunity and do your best to prove to me that I was right to do this for you! From today forward, you are to bleed for me! Where I point my sword to, you are to fight for me! Charge for me! What is waiting for you at the end is freedom! Glory! Land! And wealth!”

When it came to the last part, Du Wei deliberately pause his speech to reveal a devil’s smile:

“Rejoice! A bunch of prisoners like you, beings that should have been ravaged under the soil, have just had your fates changed! Now, swear your allegiance to me. Then I will give you your freedom!”

The crowd was quiet at first, but after a brief silence, a standing ovation erupted through the audience. Some were so excited that they instantly tore off their prison uniforms and cried out with open arms.

Then from Knight Robert’s hand, Du Wei took hold of a sword and pointed it to the front of the crowd, his face full of dignity.

Quieting down, the crowd began to kneel down in succession…. One….. Two…… Ten…. Hundreds……

When all 4,000 members went to the ground, Du Wei gave a satisfying nod: “Good, your allegiance will be greatly rewarded by me. For now, on the honor of my name, I restore your freedom to that of a citizen. In addition, I bestow upon you guys a title. From here on out, you are dubbed the first infantry division of my Tulip Household.”

“Long live the Duke!”

God knows who it was the first to call this out, but once the opening was made, the rest followed up. Numerous explosive cries bellowed out one after another to showcase their gratitude.

“Gentlemen.” Du Wei laughed: “Now, I command, in a orderly fashion, you guys are to head five miles out of the city. Waiting for you there is your new uniforms…. And also…. Hot food.”

The last word “hot meals” created and even crazier outbreak of cheers. Since last night, these people have been starving ever since. Now that Du Wei is offering them food, the enthusiasm in their steps was heated to a whole new level. Nevertheless, they did as instructed and went out in single files like a well-trained oil machine befitting that of an army regiment.

Du Wei’s throat is a little sore now after that little charade. Jumping down with a little fatigue showing, he looked at Knight Robert: “Well then Knight Robert, hurry and go catch up with your regiment. From today forward, you will be leading these people.”

Robert gave a surprise look at Du Wei.

“What’s wrong?” Du Wei smiled, and then aggravated his tone: “Commander Robert?”

Looking at the oppressive crowd filing out of the training field, Biaideluo started to panic: “….. Sir, shouldn’t we send some people to oversee them? If they run now……”

Du Wei gave him a glance: “They won’t because i gave them what they needed the most right now, hope!”

Du Wei did not stay long in this Big Ear city. After recruiting this 4,000 strong regiment, he immediately made haste in leaving the place. It’s just that before leaving, Biaideluo’s emotion became somewhat unstable.

On one hand, he wished Duke would hurry up and leave…. After all, he was still a bit calculative inside. Noon is about to arrive. If the Duke decides to stay for lunch, he really didn’t know what to serve him with his meager rations!!!

But on the other hand, Biaideluo seems a bit….. How should he say this? Perhaps he can he can also change his destiny if he creates some ties with this Duke.

As he made his way out of this place, Du Wei did not say anything, only spending his time to observe the scenery of this Sin City. Right before he departed on his carriage, Du Wei suddenly jumped off and turned to commander Biaideluo. At this moment, his face suddenly showed a faint smile.

“Commander Biaideluo…… Do you want a chance to change your fate?”

Biaideluo suddenly felt a thrill of excitement. Plopping himself to the floor, he fumbled his way towards Du Wei: “My lord!”

Du Wei pointed to the Sin City behind the guy: “You place here is always detaining thousands of cirminals, right?”

“…… Yes, that’s right.” Biaideluo nodded.

“All of this is a treasure.” Du Wei faintly smiled: “Take care of the prisoners here, don’t starve them. Help me raise them well. I will send someone for you.”

Biaideluo looked a little odd … … Take good care of the prisoner and slaves? But what about the food……

At once, Du Wei could already guess what the commander was thinking: “I’ll have someone send over the necessary supplies, but….”

He waved at Biaideluo, implying for the commander to come closer.

“This secret is between you and me.” Du Wei then left with a smile without looking back.

This Sin City each year…… No, every month, there will be a large number of criminals and slaves coming through! These people are from all over the continent. They have no hope, no future! If I can offer them the last ray of light…. They will definitely reach out for this false hope. For that, they will shed their last drop of blood for me!

Bleed for me!





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 195




The 195th chapter “eroded situation”

Du Wei would of course never bring the newly incorporated soldiers with him. After all, this matter isn’t very glorious – and certainly, he doesn’t expect this move of his to fool anyone, especially the regent back in the capital. Even though Du Wei is well aware of the fact that Prince Son already knows this, but in order to survive in the tiger’s den known as the Northwest, he must at least have some chips to play with. 4,000 soldiers, this number can’t be called large or small, so it is within Prince Son’s tolerance level. Not to mention Prince Son have been demoting every member of the Rowling Household, so the guy can’t expect him, a grand duke, to go to the Northwest empty handed, right?

Special circumstances call for special solutions, Du Wei believes the regent should have at least this much generosity.

But this matter still isn’t something that can be openly put on the table, so as long as they both have an understanding then that’s good enough.

Like this Knight Robert along with 200 royal guards went ahead with the 4,000 soldiers. Ignoring the big roads, they intentionally took to the small lanes to avoid attention. And along the way, they never have to worry about supplies because Du Wei already provided them with a document to procure supplies from the local governments.

As for Du Wei, he still needs to slowly move forward because he intends to thoroughly survey the region. Reading the reports is one thing, but experiencing it is another.

The capital of the Nuling province is called Mulan City. If this city was placed in the bustling southern or central part of the continent, this place can only be regarded as second rate with a population of 100,000 citizens. However, this city is already considered to be quite prosperous in the Northwest.

Acting as a key location in the trade routes of the Northwest, this city is the last stop for any caravan trade group before going off into the desert. That’s why, whether they are merchants from the south, or native fur traders of the Northwest, all these people would converge at this location for a short period of time to rest and resupply.

Once the carriage and his escorts drew close to the suburbs of Mulan City, Du Wei had already opened up his window to peer at the view before him. Leading the way with 4,000 light infantry, Knight Robert’s job of escorting Du Wei have now fallen upon the 500 royal guards that was previously in charge of clearing the way..

Northwest, because of the geography, there will always be two months in each year where large volumes of dust gets blown through the air – this is after the fact that the hill surrounding this city is a natural barrier.

Strong winds with lots of sand; this is the unique characteristic of the Northwest. For this reason, there is absolutely no building over 10 meters high – the only exception to this is the city walls standing at 12 meters tall.

And due to height limit imposed on the structures, the amount of land used by this medium sized city of 100,000 citizens is exceptionally vast.

At the Southern part of the city is the largest market available in the area. Originally a town outside the city, this area has evolved into the largest trading venue for those passing through. When Du Wei’s convoy passed by, he could immediately feel the boisterous atmosphere created by the crowds.

Going through the main street, Du Wei can already see all sorts of things in the bazaar: those sticking their heads out of the balcony, those rubbing shoulders against each other, those ethnic minorities of the Northwest, and the assortment of leather goods cluttering the shops here…..

Even though there are so many things to see, the only thing that really caught Du Wei’s eye is the money bags hanging off the merchant traders.

“My Lord, this here is the largest trading site of the Northwest. Mulan City’s population may not be very large, but the tax revenue each year from the commodities sold here is very impressive. This barren land is not suited for farming; hence, the main source of revenue is from trading.”

The one saying this is a delicate looking young man sitting across from Du Wei inside the carriage. This guy’s last name is called Philip, one of the leading figures in the 80 scholars recommended by Mr. Blue Ocean. Though he is already 28 years of age, his facial feature is too young that it didn’t quite match up together. Once recognized as a prosperous family a thousand years ago, the ‘Philip’ name is an old noble family that once held great influences before the continent’s unification. But with the passage of time, this once glorious family has declined to the point where it is no longer recognized as a noble household in modern days.

This Philip’s origin is of common birth, a son of a scholar in the capital. Through Mr. Blue Ocean’s endorsement and several meetings, Du Wei’s attention was quickly caught by this guy. Quick witted and knowledgeable, Du Wei expects great things from this promising scholar, especially when Philip already had prior experience in coming to the Northwest.

Mr. Blue Ocean is someone that favors practical experience over conventional teachings; as such, most of his students would head out into the world for a short period of under the encouragement of their teacher. Years ago, Philip worked as an accountant for a trade caravan that went to all sorts of places in the Northwest, thus, his knowledge in the local customs and political situation is top notch.

Du Wei did not expect the situation to erode to such a point in the Northwest, but after his experience in the so called Sin City, he can finally feel a sense of absurdity towards the so called provisional decree!

War is over for 20 years already, yet the wartime order still hasn’t been abolished? Because of this, the Northwestern army still maintains the overall controlling right in the region? And even replace the resource distribution right of the empire?

This is absolutely ridiculous.

Isn’t this an outright annexation of land? No wonder the empire didn’t interfere with the situation of the Northwest, they can’t! After the war in the Northwest is won, the emperor never actually took any effective measures to clean up the mess he created. Instead, he focused all of his attention on his grandiose projects and the wealth that was hidden away in the Southeastern Sea!

After so many years, the Northwest army has finally developed into a ruling entity within the state. Self-sufficient and not bound by the central high command back at the capital, the Northwestern Army willingness to obey is growing smaller and smaller with each passing year!

If nothing else, just the story of how the previous two lords were sent packing is a good example – one of them even lost their life! Such arrogance!

Then again, the military power is already in their hands, so who is the Northwestern army going to fear?

After finding out all these details, Du Wei immediately called for Philip. Along the way, Philip was always in the carriage to give him an in-depth explanation of the Northwest. Worst of all, the more Du Wei learned, the more scared he became! Truly, he regretted not speaking with this Philip early.

From Philip’s mouth:

“The current governor of the Nuling Province is called Baron Bohan, southerner, and it just so happens that his mansion is stationed in this Mulan City. This guy does indeed has some background. Serving as the financial chief officer of a province, he climbed the ranks with the merits he achieved over the years back in the south. I don’t doubt this guy’s skill because just the fact that he was sent here by those in capital is a clear indication that the high command is on alert towards the Northwestern Army. Therefore, this Baron Bohan is the tool chosen to restore the empire’s authority in this place. Even though in the past few years Bohan is doing well financially, but this place is after all not the south, so his military efforts are at a standstill. This can’t be blamed entirely on him. Those bastards in the Northwestern Army kept throwing forward the decree from twenty years ago. Not only is the Northwestern Army allowed to take a portion of the yearly tax revenue for themselves, they can even delegate their own military officers to command the city garrison forces as they see fit. For this reason, many governing bodies in smaller towns have already been skeletonized by this maneuver; this is the so called military governing.”

Du Wei’s brow curls: “If so, then is there no one that can suppress these warlords in the Northwestern Army?”

“There are.” Philip slowed down his words at this moment. Clearly, he is still hesitant when talking about matters regarding these powerful bosses: “When I came to the Northwest year ago, I felt the situation had already eroded to the extreme. Privately…. I even thought that if the central didn’t take action soon, then within five years, the Northwest will develop into a country within a country. Here, the administrative documents of the empire are far inferior to the orders handed down by the Northwestern army. Such a thing is quite terrifying. Yet in recent years, the situation in the Northwest seems to have fallen flat. Such an achievement can all be credited to this Baron Bohan.”

“Oh?” Though he didn’t show it, Du Wei was desperate to learn more about this Baron: “Tell me more about this Baron Bohan.”

“Speaking from an outsider’s perspective, I say your honor, I really respect him.” Philip’s young face made no secret of his admiration towards the Baron: “I even think that this Baron Bohan is the best talent to come forward in the past 20 years! While I was here in the Northwest before, the situation was far worse than what you see now!”

With that said, Philip suddenly pulled out a thin booklet from his baggage: “When teacher had us follow your lordship, I already made preparations and wrote down all that I know about the Northwest, this includes my view and some interesting facts. I believe you will find them quite interesting.”

Northwestern Army may dominate the Northwest, but they also have one major weakness and that is:

Food!

The region is not suited for grain production. Every year, the majority of the food supply consumed by the army is procured from elsewhere because the demand far exceeds the supply in the region.

That’s why most of the grains are from the South…… Not missing this, the central high command used this mean as a constraint for the Northwestern Army.

Of course, Baron Bohan also caught on to this!

The provisional decree back then allows the Northwestern Army to directly intercept the tax revenue from the local government to replenish their military supplies, but…. This is only limited to agricultural income!

“This decree is very era defined. When it was first announced, the region was embroiled in war with the natives of the desert plains. That’s why; no merchant would willingly risk their lives to transverse the long dangerous roads needed to reach the trading hubs. Also, the cattle’s, sheep’s, and horses at the time were scarce goods to begin with, so the annual revenue was already low. The only revenue that could be tapped would be the agriculture and it is precisely because of this foundation that the provisional decree was created on. Anything outside of this boundary, the Northwestern Army is not allowed to touch it, this is the key.”

With that said, Philip flipped open his booklet and smiles: “My Lord, behold, this here is my calculation. According to the official statistics of the Imperial Treasury, oh, the data may be watered down, but it’s still good for reference.”

“Before Baron Bohan took the office, the annual provincial income is 3.8 million, with 2.4 million of it coming from agriculture. Look further down. After the first year, the agricultural income began to go down to 2.2 million, then 1.8 in the second. Finally, in the third year, it went all the way down to 1.2 million, more than half of the original number! So what does this mean?”

Du Wei eyes gleamed with light: “Baron Bohan wants to ‘starve’ the Northwest army.”

Philip smiled: “My Lord, the term ‘starve’ is very accurate. In fact, after Baron Bohan took hold of the office, the entire Nuling province began to cut down on their food production as a whole! Through a series of policies…. These orders are very amazing because he was able to fool those bosses in the Northwestern Army. It may seem harmless from the surface, but once it takes root, the damage is astronomical! Like this, the Northwestern Army’s reliance on the central high command for food increases, meaning the empire’s grip grows. Although this method is a bit underhanded, but it is very effective.”

“Of course, lowering the food production isn’t the perfect solution. Abandoning the farming industry in the Nuling Province can indeed weaken the Northwestern Army, but this also means the standard of living for the citizens also deteriorates. Regarding this problem, Baron Bohan did a good job in finding a solution. Commercially developing the local businesses, he managed to increase the tax revenue for the province to a completely new height!”

“Then again, the Northwestern Army also has its own approach in dealing with this. At least in terms of military power, these warlords still maintain a firm grasp on the region. Take for example the local garrison forces in the western region. Though Bohan is the governor, but the material supply……. Under the wartime provisional decree, the allocation of supplies is all controlled by the Northwestern Army. As such, the level of equipment in the entire western region is completely lacking. Aside from the lack of weapons and armor, those bastards would always delay the shipment of supplies like food and clothing. Even though the local garrison’s fighting capacity is low, but there is simply nothing Bohan can do on this point. While there is plenty of money to supplement his forces, but if he tried to procure his own equipment, the Northwestern Army can use this excuse to say he is going against imperial decree. This move is smartly played by those in the Northwester Army because it’s obvious Bohan doesn’t dare act rashly in this department. However, I have reason to believe Bohan did some things under the table. At the very least, I know some local garrison forces are well equipped in this Mulan City and are regularly trained.”

“Generally speaking, only Governor Bohan is putting up a stand against the Northwester Army. After years of confrontation, the Northwestern Army still looked like they have the upper hand due to that provisional decree.”

When it comes to the end, Phillip’s couldn’t help but complain: “My Lord, this decree is the Northwestern Army’s biggest reliance. After 20 years, this temporary decree is still being used even after the war is over; such a thing is ridiculous to the extreme.”

“But central command still hasn’t been able to cancel this order, right?” Du Wei sighed in sadness.

“That’s right.” Philip nodded as he turned to another page: “Look here, this is my record. The Northwestern army’s spring drill is very strict every year. This is clearly a show of force. From my point of view, Baron Bohan’s weakening policy will have a very difficult time of finishing off these bastards because even if they are weakened, the military power is still in the other side’s hand. That is unless….”

Speaking up to here, Phillip stopped his words.

Du Wei did not avoid the taboo and said it in a light voice: “Unless the Empire is willing to fight a civil war!”

Philip’s body began to shake. Watching this young Duke with the chilling eyes before him, a thought crept into his head: “Such coldness…. There’s not a shred of a child’s innocence in those eyes.”

“My-my Lord……” Philip forced a smile: “Such words cannot be loosely said.”

“Humph.” Du Wei smiled as he shook his head: “I can only say it. With the Empire’s current strength, do you think we can go through a civil war?!”

Phillip’s eye went dark because he understood what Du Wei said just now is the truth!

In order to completely eradicate the mess in the Northwest, a weakening policy will not do. Unless a heavy price is paid, the situation can never be resolved!

But the price… Can the Empire afford it?

Thinking of this, Philip could not help but take a look at the Duke. Frankly speaking, Philip was still holding a skeptical attitude when his teacher first recommended him and his peers to this Duke. After all, Du Wei’s reputation may be booming, but his age is way too small. Less than 15 years of age, a young boy is supposed to step into this tiger’s den and not get swallowed whole?

Even if he is a powerful magician, but a single individual can’t control everything!

But after conversing with Du Wei these days, Philip can already feel the amazingness from this Duke.

Without doing much, Du Wei managed to take in a complete regiment, fully trained and experience to boot! With that single showcase of far sight and ability, Philip is certain this Duke is more than qualified for him and his peers to swear their loyalty!

However, Du Wei’s occasional cold eyes and determination caused him to hold some worries inside.

Such a boy coming to the Northwest, will it bring prosperity or calamity?

“Philip.” Du Wei’s face carried a smile as he knocked him out of his stupor: “Look, we are nearing the gate. Surely, the Governor would have already sent someone to greet us. I really want to meet that Bohan.”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 198




The 198th chapter “The one who create miracles”

As a man and a lord of a province, Du Wei would of course be filled with pride and want to achieve many great things with what he have; after all, he is still young and the blood inside of him is easily incited.

Nonetheless, the number of problems he is faced with is also numerous.

On the financial side, he is currently not lacking in money, but looking at it from a future perspective, there are too many things that needs funding! If not for the sum he extorted from the natives in the southeast, he feared his current wealth won’t last him very long at this rate.

Desa Province’s location can be considered the closest territory to the Northwest.

To the west is the Kilimanjaro Mountain side, a natural barrier stretching for thousands of miles to the north and south.

This is the Empire’s natural western barrier.

Yet it just so happens that in this Kilimanjaro Mountain range is a “gap” inside his territory. As the only passage into the desert prairie for the empire, this place is known to many as the “Northwest Corridor”.

Unlike what Du Wei wished, this corridor is not some tiny mule’s path; instead, it is a big giant gap cutting across the entire mountain. Running for dozens of kilometers in length, the largest section can reach as wide as ten kilometers and two kilometers at the end near the desert opening.

It can be said that the Kilimanjaro Mountains is what is blocking the desert winds and the natives living in the prairie.

And this gap is a strategic stand point!

When Du Wei first came to this world, he had read some geographic information about this place and thought it wasn’t hard to solve this problem.

His solution at the time was to construct a large military fortress at the corridor. With hundreds of troops stationed at this place throughout the year, what else is there fear?

But later on, Du Wei found that his idea was too naïve!

Whether it is building a defense wall or a fortress, there is one fatal problem to it all…. And that is water!

People need water, and horses need water!

Not going to speculate on a grand scale, just the 20,000 troops stationed inside a military fortress is enough to shoot the idea down because where would they find the needed water supply in a mountain corridor?

This world has no running water pipes and the Northwest is a dry barren land with scarce supplies of rivers! Throughout the year, most of the land is dry with only the brief rainy season to sooth the land.

To counteract this problem, the majority of the population can only dig wells for their water supply. Unfortunately because of the geographic layout of the corridor, most of the underside soil is pure bed rock! So not only is tapping into a river out of the question, even digging for a well is impossible!

If they really forced a military fortress onto this place, then the water supply for tens of thousands of troops can only be brought in by horseback everyday!

A person can’t be without water, especially in this arid region!

Just thinking of the amount of water needed is terrifying!

This is simply impossible!

That’s why establishing a defensive fortress in the Northwest Corridor is nothing but empty words.

The Empire’s solution to this is to set up numerous small outposts along the corridor. Once something happens, these outposts will be acting as a warning beacon to inform the main body back in the main cities. On a side note, all of these checkpoints belong to the Northwestern Army.

Outside the Northwest Corridor, what comes next is a vast desert followed by prairie grasslands.

And towards the inside…… Is the Du Wei’s Desa Province!

Du Wei is very clear that with the current relationship between the Northwestern Army and the Empire, he can never rely on these outposts to protect himself!

In fact, he even suspects that the Northwestern Army, the bandits, and the prairie natives are all in cahoots together!

This way around, Desa Province is practically entrapped in the jaws of many hostile forces! Although nothing major happened prior to his arrival due to the poor conditions of the place, but with his arrival, the first thing he needs to solve is how to defend himself and his people!

In Du Wei’s view, the location of his capital Anglia City is not up to his standard. Far away from the corridor and backed against the mountains, the place is definitely safe. However, whether it is traffic or the ability to cover the entire Desa Province, it is not ideal for a capital.

Since Du Wei have already abandoned the idea of repairing the city, he spent a long time looking over the map for an ideal location for his new capital. In the end, he finally settled on a spot.

Loulan!

In his previous life, this word was the name of an ancient legendary city in the desert, but in this life, this world is a name of a lake.

Loulan Lake.

Walking down from the corridor and continuing further inland on the main road, there is a very hard to come by lake. Not only is the lake large, the ice water flowing down from the mountain slopes would constantly replenish the water supply.

Many caravans heading to and from the Northwest desert will choose to pass by this location in order to restock on their water supplies before moving on.

If there is a spring source, then they no longer need to drink that bitter underground waters. According to his knowledge from his past life, these bitter underground water would often contain harmful substances.

“We will build the new capital here!” After Du Wei referred to the location on the map, just about every member of his team was frowning.

“My lord.” The first one to open his mouth was Philip. After spending some time with Du Wei, this favored scholar of his have started become more confident: “My lord, to be perfectly blunt, if we were to establish a new city here, I fear the cost would be Astronomical…… ”

“You need not worry about the finances.” Du Wei lightly spoke his words: “Fortunately, we lack everything here but rocks. I made some calculations, if we follow the South’s standard; we would need about 4 million gold coins to construct a city – this includes immigration and moving cost. This is the Northwest, just about everything here is cheap. This is a good place, if not for the financial constraints of the Northwest, the previous lords would have already built a city here.”

“I don’t doubt your wealth.” Philip shakes his head: “Millions of gold coins, I believe your lordship can still afford it, but my worry is the series of problems that will come afterward……”

With that, Phillip stood up and walked next to the map. Using a finger, he then pointed at some spots: “My concerns have three points. Firstly, if you can figure out this point is a transportation hub, then others will also know that. The natives and the Northwestern Army aren’t stupid! Once you build a new city here, they will feel threatened by your monopoly on the lake and begin a series of oppression against us….. Secondly, there is also the problem of migrating citizens to the city. The job will require large numbers of manpower to achieve and that is exactly what we lack. Lastly…..”

Philip carefully watched his words: “There is the question of labor, your Excellency!” He sighed with pain: “The Northwest’s population is scarce to begin with and the Desa Province is no different with only 800,000 people. In my opinion, the construction of a city would need at least tens of thousands of workers! As for the time frame, it would take at least two years from an optimistic standpoint. I don’t believe we can recruit that many people and if we force it……. I’m afraid such a thing would cause a revolt among the people. We only have a few thousand soldiers on our side; trying to control the entire province will be difficult… Neither do we have the food needed to feed such a large number of workers, you mustn’t forget the Northwest is a food production region.”

Du Wei quietly waited till Philip finished his speech. He was not angry because Philip is his advisor and a good advisor must look at things from many different standpoints to come up with a solution. He does not need a flattering sidekick!

“There are many problems and Philip, you are very right.” Du Wei gently knocks his fingers on the map: “But what if I tell you I’m going to create a mircle?”

Du Wei waited for a moment to let his words sink in to his team.

“Three months!” Du Wei said this with smile: “I calculated. I need about 5,000 people, that’s enough. After three months, you will see a new city appear in this place!”

Everyone became so frightened that they were speechless.

Three months to build a new city? Is this a joke!

“Did you forget my other identity?” Du Wei smiles wickedly: “I am a magician, and mages are usually the type of people that created miracles.”



If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 199




The 199th chapter “city of miracles”

Du Wei’s decision bordering on the line of insanity sent shockwaves to his people. However, everyone is very clear on one point, he is not joking. He may be crazy, but he’s definitely not joking.

In the days that followed, Du Wei mobilized almost all of his forces.

The 4,000 infantry originally led by Robert have already been stationed at a military camp outside Anglia City. The problem at hand is the armory.

Damn Governor Bohan. When his people withdrew from here, they took almost everything with them that not even the basic equipment are left. At best, Du Wei can only properly equip 1000 soldiers for combat while the remaining 3000 people are left unarmed……

Fortunately before Du Wei came to the Northwest he had already made some preparations ahead of time. Sending his people in all directions, they scoured nearly the entire region and purchased every building material they can get their hands on.

It wasn’t all bad news though. In Anglia city’s stock reserve, Du Wei was pleasantly surprised to find that there were still many building materials he can use in storage. Apparently, the former government was well aware of the fact that this city needed major repairs, but due to the lack of funding, this plan was put on hold indefinitely.

And Du Wei would of course be happy to accept it all.

After assigning the series of tasks to his men, he himself hid inside the old governor’s manor and locked the doors. No one knows exactly what is going on inside, but Du Wei would occasionally summon some craftsman to inside. As for the content of their conversation, no one knows because he gave strict orders to keep it confidential.

Time flies and half a month have gone by. Nearly breaking his leg, Old Marde and a group of servants brought back large amounts of materials like: wood, clay tiles, and so on….. But to everyone’s surprise, there is no food on the list.

In the meantime, General Longbottom wrote a letter and had several people copy it god knows how many times. Then like a flock of bees, he sent them out continuously.

The truth is the content of each letter is the same:

“I’m back! Anyone willing to work for me again is to report to Anglia City immediately!” Rather than his name, the following signature is some odd pattern on the letter.

What General Longbottom is doing is summoning his old subordinates. Very soon, not even a month’s time, the military camp outside the city is filled with an extra thousand soldiers. These people are all elite Calvary knights that dominated the Northwest alongside Longbottom. After their retirement, most of these people went home and became farmers, tailors, blacksmiths, and some even took on small jobs.

Then a month later after the new blood, 5,000 sets of infantry equipment along with 2,000 Calvary equipment arrived. All this have to be credited to that famous millionaire Taklanshan because if not for this wealthy arms dealer, this stuff would never have been so easily delivered. Whether it is the weapon or armor, all of these things were crafted using the empire’s highest military standard. In addition, there are also the deadly crossbows so often used by the military.

With this little move, Du Wei already expended hundreds of thousands of gold. When it came to troops, it really is a bottomless pit.

Then relying on Longbottom’s connection within the Northwest, they brought in another few thousand war horses. Like this, Du Wei has under his command 4,000 infantry troops and 1,000 cavalry knights – all fully armed in the standard of the strongest military corp of the empire.

It didn’t take Longbottom long to wash away the rust that plagued his former subordinates. With a few days’ worth of intense training, every one of their military presence was revitalized. “Wake up everyone! Put on your equipment and get on your horses. It’s time for training! If anyone falls behind today then I will punish him by making wash our boots!” These words of Longbottom resounded every morning with the rising sun.

No one knows how the general drilled his unit, they only know that they would wake up early in the morning and stay out till nightfall. Sometimes, they would train for two to three days without returning.

The only certainty is that whenever they return, these guys would all be dead tired like they were just pulled from the mud.

As for Phillip and his peers, they used the shortest amount of time needed to take over the administration body in Desa Province. It wasn’t that hard anyways since the place was so poor and there wasn’t any work to do to begin with in a day to day basis.

Everyone was busy going about their business that even Hussein, this highly wanted criminal of the temple, had no time to rest. Du Wei used a special dye and changed his hair to blue. With an eye patch covering one of his eyes, this former Holy Knight is unlikely to be recognized by anyone at this point in this god forsaken land known as the Northwest.

And the part that Du Wei thought was lucky is that even the temple didn’t want to take roots in this barren land. Through the entire province, there is only two churches and they are all near the borders of Nuling Province.

Knight Robert’s burden is very heavy because not only did Du Wei toss the 4,000 rebels in his hand, he also put him in charge of recruiting new bloods – it can’t be helped, Du Wei simply didn’t have enough manpower he can trust.

The Northwest is a harsh place so the conditions are ideal in producing strong soldiers. Unfortunately, the population is simply too low. In a whole month, they only managed to recruit 3,000 people. In order to quickly bring them up to par, Knight Robert organized a reserve infantry regiment and mobilized his staff to drill these people day in and day out.

Hussein is the one Du Wei sent over to help Knight Robert train these new recruits. As a former Holy Knight leader, he is the perfect fit for the job. Aside from this powerful figure, every one out two children in the Northwest is capable of riding a horse, so it shouldn’t be hard. Very soon, the perimeter outside the city walls became a war zone.

When the second month finally came, everyone started to really doubt if this Duke really went insane.

He said three months to build a new city, but a month have already passed, yet he is still locked inside his manor without taking a single step outside.

Large amounts of selected building materials have already been transported to the designated spot beside the Loulan Lake. This place originally only had a small little town nearby consisting of a thousand villagers, but because of Du Wei’s stuff, this place looked extremely crowded due to the mountainous piles of materials.

The ones in charge of watching over all of this are the 500 Royal Guards tasked with escorting Du Wei. Inwardly, they weren’t willing to stay and wanted to leave for the capital as soon as possible, but due to Du Wei’s persistence, they had no choice in the matter. Fortunately, their ordeal will soon come to a close.

On the fifth day of the second month, Du Wei finally came out of the Governor’s mansion. To everyone’s surprise, this already thin statured Duke became even scrawnier. Though his face was pale and his eyes red, Du Wei’s spirit seems to be in good shape.

“Gentlemen, remember today because from today onward, you will personally witness a miracle!”

Early this morning, the residence of this small town beside the lake have been gathered up in one place- the farm land outside the town.

The Northwest is a land with poor soil, but due to the Lake nearby, the area around the town is not bad.

Du Wei released a command to the thousand residents; he needs people who can work on a farm, the more the merrier!

You only need to help me plant and help me harvest! It was that simple: “And your wage….. For the people who worked, you can take one-tenth of whatever you harvested.”

This strange command left everyone bewildered.

Who couldn’t farm? This is a farm village, so even a woman can work.

According to Du Wei’s orders, everyone planted the seed they were distributed – this alone consumed two days’ worth of time.

At the beginning, everyone was still waiting to see a comedy…… What, can this noble lord be an idiot? Or is there too much food around that he is wasting it for fun?

But very soon, none of them could laugh anymore.

In the third morning, Du Wei in his wizardry robe had some of the servants carry out 10 barrels of water. After carefully assessing the amount, he pulled out a bottle from his pocket and dripped a few drops of liquid into the water.

It is then Du Wei began his magic.

What he did is not complicated; just about every magic user out there can pull off this mid-level spell.

After his spells completion, everyone present can see that above this noble lord’s head is a swirling vortex of air. Like an infinite force, the water inside the barrels were quickly sucked into the air and the wind began to grow ever fiercer. Finally, after Du Wei muttered another set of spells, the water vortex gradually rose into the sky and became rain clouds, ready to release its content. Then with a single command, a series of rain droplets began showering down against the farm land from all directions.

Once over, numerous plant shoots began to furiously soar out of the once barren landscape. In less than half a cup’s tea time, the once barren field is now fully populated with crops! All of this happened in a pace that the naked eye can discern!

Witnessing a miracle, many of the ignorant farmers began to pray aloud while many more were kneeling on the ground shouting Du Wei’s name.

“What are you waiting for? Harvest time is here! No matter how much you harvest, you can still receive one tenth of your amount.”

Du Wei’s single command caused the farmers to rush towards the field like fanatics, swinging their sickles like no tomorrow…….

Such a scene lasted for over 15 days and Du Wei can repeatedly force the field to yield two to three harvests each day!

Once time ran longer, even these enthusiastic farmers could no longer digest the volume! Like madness itself, the crops just won’t stop growing. In the end, Du Wei had to bring in the 1000 new recruits to help soothe the pressure on these farmers.

Subsequently, the problem that arose next is even weirder. Because there wasn’t enough sickles to go around, the new recruits can only harvest the crops with their own swords, eventually, even the granary were filled to brim and the crop harvested can only be piled up like a mountain outside the town.

Looking at the growing pile of food supplies before them, everyone really wondered if they were dreaming, but the ache in their back left no room for doubts.

Since then, the way these people look at Du Wei is akin to a divine god!

The 15 days’ worth of grain harvest even caused Du Wei’s gigantic fleet of cargo wagons to work overtime. One after another, newly built barns continued to pop out of the ground until finally every single personal was left exhausted by this endeavor. One with everyone aching on the ground did Du Wei’s crazy event come to an end.

And the result is…… Du Wei estimated that in the next year coming, the food prices in the northwest will see a steep deflation!

Subsequently, a grand celebration was held inside this quaint little town. Crazed with joy, everyone were binge drinking over the amazing harvest this year. Lasting over several days, every last drop of alcohol was consumed in this festival…. In any case, no will feel pity for the loss of these wines because it’s not like they are lacking in grain to make more!

After the party was over, Du Wei gave everyone a day’s rest before announcing: “Construction of the city begins!”

In this one month, Phillip racked his brains out to round up thousands of workers from across the province. In addition, he also hired as many craftsmen as he can up to this point. Even though the Duke is finally announcing the start of the construction project….. The time from the deadline is already halfway in!

He was really questioning the whole ordeal, but after witnessing the Duke’s miraculous ability, his own belief is starting to shake……. Maybe it’s not madness; it’s really possible to completely build a new city in one month!

“You just need to work at night.” Du Wei gave this simple command to the recruited workers and craftsmen’s: “you do not need to do too much heavy lifting. In fact, I only need you do some ticketing jobs here and there.”

Subsequently, Du Wei once again demonstrated his miracles!

Like the creation of the good harvest, Du Wei had Marde gather up some people to plant some saplings at certain locations. Then using the “As time goes by” spring water, he created another artificial rainfall.

Then around a thousand saplings grew into towering big trees in a single day!

After the blowing into the “Life Horn” (the gift he got from the treants), the thousand giant trees were awakened….. What awaited these treant companions is the already piling supply of building materials.

These mindless treant companions are without a doubt the best laborers. Not only are they immune to fatigue, they are very obedient!

Unlike before, the huge stone boulders that once required dozens of strong men to lift can now be easily handled by a single treant companion.

At the beginning, these artisans were all frightened by these gigantic monsters. Fleeing in all direction, it was only due to the pressure from Du Wei’s army that they finally settled down. Once determined these giants were harmless, the thousand workers finally began working!

It is as Du Wei predicted. The majority of the heavy labor was handled by the treants and the workers only need to do some patch work and hammering.

For example: when building the walls, the craftsmen’s only need to jump in to fill in the gaps with mud after the treant companions casually laid the stones together……

In less than 10 days, the Northern side of the walls was already taking shape!

Such a pace was so fast that it was scaring people!

Philip and a number of Mr. Blue Ocean’s disciple acted as the supervisors, each busy with their assigned tasks.

Reality as proven Du Wei did not talk big.

With the powerful giants as the labor force, the majority of the city walls were completed when there was still 5 days left from Du Wei’s promised date. Constructed in a diamond shape for the corner towers, the rest of the wall is towering at 15 meters high, this standard is already within the empire’s standard.

Under the protection of a wall stretching for up to 20 li’s (10,000 meters), this Loulan city will be Du Wei’s new capital in the Northwest.

(Li is an old form of measurement in Chinese. One Li = 500 meters)

But privately, everyone gave the city a new name:

City of miracles!

Of course, this “city of miracles” is only an empty shell, other than the city walls in the outer perimeter, the inside is blank. With nothing but the main roads designated by Du Wei inside, there is only a castle.

This will be Du Wei’s future manor.

The basis for Du Wei’s new capital is already set in place. The remaining problem is to populate the city with structures and people from other areas. All of this cannot be done in a short period.

According to Philip’s estimate, turning this new capital into a fully functioning city still requires a one year time frame.

Prior to this, Du Wei is to remain in Anglia city.

The residents of the small town near the lake are to become the first settlers of this new capital. Under a series of promises, they gave up their homes and began construction of their new home inside the city walls…..”

With the passing of several months, those willing to move to the new capital have reached 30,000 and the northwest district is starting to come together. For those that are willing to take the risk, Du Wei promised to exempt them from all taxes for one year.

And these farmers don’t have to worry about losing their source of income by coming to the city. Not only is there large number of opportunities to find work, Du Wei also allowed them to retain their original land, thus assuring their mindset once and for all.

Most of the immigrants are from Anglia City. When Du Wei announced the tax exception bill for those that immigrated, he also sent a message across the city that in the coming future, Anglia City is to lose its status of a city in the Desa Province. Also, he does not intend to station anymore troops here afterwards.

Without the protection of a wall – if this rundown wall can still be regarded as a ‘wall’ – then this place will become an ideal spot for bandits to pillage. Without the sense of security, these people can only choose to migrate to Loulan City.

The relocation of 80,000 citizens is not something that can happen overnight.

However, Du Wei doesn’t have to worry about this because Philip and his peers are handling all of the administrative work related to this problem. Along with Knight Robert, this trusted knight of Du Wei’s will be responsible for escorting the immigrants along the way to Loulan City.

And Du Wei?

Like a hermit, he once again began his mysterious life inside the governor’s manor back at Anglia city.

And Hussein wasn’t left alone either. This mighty and powerful Saint Knight has been tasked by Du Wei to go retrieve some more spring water from the valley inside the frozen forest. The reason for this sudden journey is because Du Wei’s reserve of “As time goes by” spring water is almost exhausted!

The only one capable of safely entering the frozen forest and not have to worry about being attacked by magical beasts is only Hussein. That is why Du Wei chose him.





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.





* * *





Chapter 200




Chapter 200 “usual practices”

Although we all know this already, but when the Duke refuses to meet anyone and hides himself inside the manor, it is for the best that none disturbs him. After all, he is a magician and mages doesn’t like to be disturbed when they are indulging themselves in magic.

What’s more, even Marde – the one closest to Du Wei – can vaguely feel the young master is grumpier in recent days.

Indeed, Du Wei is upset!

The construction for the new city is going well and he never needed to worry about the administration side; nevertheless, his mood continues to worsen day by day because he is waiting for someone.

That Green-robed Gandalf promised to come find him after three months! Yet, half a year had already elapsed and not a shred of news was heard from him.

Seeing autumn is already drawing to a close and winter is about to be here, Du Wei is starting to think the old guy was playing him.

At this point, Du Wei thinks his strength has come to a bottleneck. Considering his current level of power and control, he can confidently say that he is at the sixth rank in magic. With a wide range of magical spells at his disposal, Du Wei’s strength is not to be taken lightly.

If he were to be re-assessed right now, Du Wei is certain he can achieve a sixth rank badge from the union without any underhanded moves.

And now, if it was purely a competition of magical strength, Gargamel is no longer a match for Du Wei.

However, Du Wei has found that this is all that he can do. After all, secretly learning the spells donated by the mages in the academy can only get him so far. He needed a real mentor, a mentor that can guide further along the path of magic. At the very least, this person needs to be an old fella that is versed in the theories behind magic.

Gargamel should have been the one to take up this post, but fate likes to mess with people because this mouse is only an expert in transformation magic. As for poor little Vivian, this girl with the qualification of an eighth level magician can’t even speak properly without stuttering, so she is also out of the question.

In desperation, Du Wei focused more of his time in magic experiments. For example: he studied the mithril replacement formula gifted to him by Old Alley over and over again, but the only reward he got was a giant headache. In the end, it was Seth the big headed wand guy that ended making some progress. When Du Wei pulled out the ‘flying broom’ blue print, this big headed Seth was extremely interested. Using the same amount of time as Du Wei, Seth nearly succeeded in his experiment.

But after two test runs, poor Seth ended up breaking a leg.

Du Wei knows that the establishment of a new city is just the beginning. He needed to urgently strengthen his own power. Those without power in the Northwest cannot survive and others will eventually come to make trouble for him.

Du Wei’s thinking is not wrong because the troublesome person has finally arrived.

Under normal circumstances, none would dare disturb Du Wei, especially when Du Wei’s mood is terrible.

But on the noon of this day, Marde still went into Du Wei’s study room and interrupted the young master’s reading session – he was memorizing all of recipes gifted to him by Alley.

“young master.” Marde blinked his eyes in anticipation.

Although Du Wei is already a Duke, this old servant of his still calls him young master unlike everyone else that uses “lord”.

“Young Master, there’s someone here to see you.”

Du Wei frowned as he looked up: “Did a problem arise in the immigration process? Did those guys raise another strange condition like last time?”

“It’s not that.” Marde shakes his head: “The one that came is someone from the Northwestern army.”

Du Wei became stunned for a bit as he put the stuff down.

A member of the Northwestern Army?

He himself has already arrived in the Northwest for many months, but they have never actively sought him out and neither will he be making deals with these warlords.

So what is going on with today?

In the greeting hall, Du Wei met up with the member of the Northwestern Army.

The person is a middle-aged officer. From his appearances, this person should be a general.

Under the Empire’s military system, those in the position to command are already touching the senior military level. For an infantry regiment, the standard is 4,000 people while the cavalry regiment is 3,000 people.

Generally speaking, four regiments put together equal a whole division and the leader of a division is commanded by a General. Back in the coup at the capital, the commander of the second division is General Jean Claude.

Army ranks:

Lowest – Brigadier General

Second lowest – Major General

Third highest – Lieutenant General

Highest – General

The empire’s general ranking is divided into four types. For someone like Jean Claude, his ranking is only that of the first rank, brigadier general. Even so, this is already considered very high despite being at the bottom of the barrel.

Longbottom himself is also a general of a Calvary division consisting of 20,000 riders, but his status is worlds apart from Jean Claude’s. After all, the Northwest is far away from civilized society, so it can never be compared to those in the capital where powerful figures resided. The official name for these generals like Longbottom is “Major Generals.”

Du Wei is not unfamiliar with these terms, especially when he found out the founding emperor is just like him from another world.

Further up is the head of the army that actually stands in the front line. For this group of generals, they are usually with the title of Lieutenant General. There are exceptions such as Du Wei’s father. Though Raymond have never actually commanded an entire army, but his experience in leading a expeditionary fleet makes him qualified to be called a Lieutenant General.

Going even further up is the top generals. Generally speaking, these people are not directly responsible for the commanding a army division or corp. Basically, they are the old veterans that did not wish to stay in the front lines. By hanging the title of General on their names, they will stay in the capital and become one of the commanding figures in the high command.

Such as Du Wei’s father, Earl Raymond became a General right after his time in commanding the expedition fleet as a Lieutenant General.

The highest of them all is naturally a Marshal, but this title is nothing but an empty shell.

However, the empire did not have a Marshal at the moment. This title is only reserved for those that achieve great military merits. Considering the fact that the continent is at peace right now, the likelihood of an event occurring that could warrant such an honor is unlikely.

And the war in the Northwest back then is only a local conflict. As for the battles out at sea in the Southeast, it is nothing but bullying so what merit is there to earn?

Though in history, there did appear some real Marshal’s like the ancestor of the Rowling Household.

While now, this Marshal position sought after by every army soldier is still up for grabs.

“Dear Duke.” This General of the Northwestern Army standing before Du Wei politely introduced himself: “I am the commanding officer of the thirteenth division in the Northwestern Army, Totoro.”

First impression Du Wei had towards this self-proclaimed Totoro is not very good.

Even though he wore a military uniform and was equipped with a sword, the guy’s body didn’t carry the temperament of a military personal . What’s more, the uniform on this guy looked like it was about to rip apart at any time due to his sheer size.

It would be better to call him an obese rich man than to call him a military officer based off of the fat hanging on his face and the excessive paleness from his skin.

How can this person actually be a General?

But after Du Wei finished listening to the guy’s introduction, he finally understood.

This so-called “Northwest Army’s 13 Division” is not a regular army. He already had some intel on the opposition, so he knew the 13th division is merely a front for the logistic department in the Northwestern Army. Simply put, this Totoro in front of him is nothing but a logistic officer.

Du Wei immediately paid attention because he can vaguely guess what the guy’s intentions are for coming.

“General Totoro, please sit.” Du Wei points towards a chair in the room.

What came next is series of roundabout words and through this, Du Wei is certain this Totoro is an old veteran at this stuff. The compliments included: Du Wei is a boy genius, the speed he built the city is beyond amazing, and his power as a magician is unparalleled.

Regarding his ass kissing, Du Wei would of course take it all in. After drinking a few cups of tea, Totoro finally got to the main point for his visit.

“Your dukeship, other than bringing the Army head’s greeting, I am also here today to ask you for a little help.”

Du Wei smiled: “General Totoro, please speak.”

The fat man ponders for a moment before smiling: “autumn has already passed, in accordance with the decree, when can our Northwestern Army come extract our military supplies?”

They are here for money.

Du Wei sneered a bit inside.

“Your dukeship, you should be aware that in accordance with the Decree, the Northwestern Army’s supplies are redeployed from the local governments revenue. In accordance with established practices, after each quarter’s revenue is reported, our Northwestern Army will accept our share…. Haha, you should know already that being a soldier is not easy. In order to protect the empire’s frontier, we also need to eat. I’m sure you would understand this since you are from a military family yourself.”

Du Wei quietly nodded: “Oh, then i like to know how much are you taking?”

The truth is Du Wei is very familiar with this decree by now, so his question is intentional.

“40%.” Totoro smiled as he puts up four fingers: “In accordance with long-standing practices, our Northwest army needs to extract 40% of the tax revenues.”

Du Wei picked his eyebrows: “40%? General Totoro, you are kidding me. The Interim order only stated that the Northwestern army can take 20%.”

Totoro smiled so hard that his fat was hanging off his cheeks: “My lord, you only just came to the northwest so you didn’t know this. Normally, 20% is the right amount, but when fall comes around, the Northwestern Army would take 40%, this is already a long time practice.”

After a pause, Totoro explained without waiting for Du Wei’s question: “Once fall is over is when the year comes to an end. As a reward for the soldiers effort each year, the military would give them a bonus as a way to raise their spirit. Therefore, the annual autumn budget is doubled.”

The truth is Du Wei is well aware of all this, he is simply playing dumb. After a moment in though, he showed a generous face: “

“In that case, I naturally cannot break the rules here. The boys are fighting for us at the border; so of course we can’t treat them badly. General Toroto, wait here while I have my deputies report the revenue to me.”

Bullshit, you want to give bonuses and want me to pay? Hell no!

Though Du Wei was sneering inside, he still sent for Philip.

In the meantime while they waited for Philip’s arrival, Du Wei casually asked a few things about the Northwestern army.

It turns out that extracting the military funds wasn’t always this difficult. If it was before, Totoro only needed to send someone over to say a few words, but Du Wei is after all a Duke, so it was for the best that he personally came instead. Even if this is the Northwest, a duke is still a duke, not someone he wanted to offend if he can avoid it.

He thought this new lord would be an idiot like the previous two, but after hearing Du Wei’s quick acceptance, his nerve became relaxed.

Humph, after all, a teenager is only a kid, so what if he’s a duke? This is the Northwest, even if the emperor himself came, he would still need to give the Northwestern Army some face!



If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 201




Chapter 201 “Acting”

These days, Philip, the most promising student of Mr. Blue Ocean has earned a great deal of trust from him. In Du Wei’s view, Philip is not only young; he is also steady in his actions. More importantly, he is well aware of the situation in the Northwest and would never look down at himself for his young age.

If Philip wasn’t really so young and inexperienced, Du Wei really would have appointed him the governor of the Desa Province by now.

Even so, Du Wei didn’t care either way and handed Philip all the authority he would have gotten if he really was titled. Whether it is the new city constructing project or the financial management, Philip pretty much covers the entire picture.

Phillip is after all the student of the famed Mr. Blue Ocean. Once he received word of Du Wei’s summoning, he didn’t just dismiss the guy; instead, he questioned the person that relayed the message and found out it was someone from the Northwestern Army.

Knowing this information, Philip sneered.

Autumn just ended and the Northwestern Army is coming for money already? Fortunately, this scenario is well within Du Wei and Philip’s expectation, thus a plan was agreed upon long before the occasion. Once everything was in order, Philip finally headed off to see Du Wei.

Because Philip’s work place is in the Governor’s Manor, it didn’t take long for him to arrive at Du Wei’s study room. Opening the door, the first thing he saw after walking in is Du Wei having an idle conversation with Totoro. Not forgetting his manners, Philip quickly made a salute to Du Wei so that the Duke can make the introduction.

Regarding this newly arrived youngster, Totoro was also very polite without any intentions of making light of Philip. After all, in the months since Du Wei’s arrival, the Northwestern Army was always carefully observing their movements. This young man named Philip may only be Du Wei’s aide on the surface, but in truth, they know this little guy was the one giving out all the orders till now. If anything, this Philip is already half a governor without actually being one.

“Phillip, the reason for General Totoro visit today is to collect the autumn funding. Hmm, this quarter’s revenue should have already been reported, right?” Du Wei smile was exceptionally kind.

“Yes your honor.” Philip immediately opened up one of the booklets he brought along and passed forward the ledger: “My lord, this is the fall revenue for the Desa Province.”

Du Wei pretended like he was actually looking over the booklet he hot from Philip’s hand. Then with a look of disbelief, he said: “This…. Philip, the number must be wrong, right?”

Philip looked all serious: “My Lord, the number there is correct.”

Coughing a few times like he was embarrassed, Du Wei slowly pushed the ledger to the table in front of Totoro: “General Totoro, this is the autumn tax revenue of the Desa Province. Totaling 71,000 gold coins, 46,000 of which are from agriculture. According to the usual practices, 40% of this should be.”

Totoro’s face changed a shade: “How much?!”

“18,400 gold.” Philip repeated again with a deadpan face. Du Wei was forcing down his laugh so he was only smiling as he sighed: “Isn’t this figure a little too low? For the empire, the Northwestern Army is toiling away at the border so their merit is undeniable. Fine then, I’ll privately add in some more and make it an even number of 20,000 gold coins!”

Though Du Wei managed to pack in a generous appearance, but the nose of the one standing beside him was already crooked.

The thin air of hesitation from before is nowhere to be seen as Totoro questioned in a low voice: “Your lordship, did I hear it wrong? You’re certain of this number?”

“Yes of course.” Philip is the first to reply, “The Governor office just finished checking the revenue we collected.”

Though Totoro’s face was beet red, he still had the sense of suppressing his anger. Instead of continuing the question on Philip, this fat man turned to face Du Wei: “Duke! The Desa Province may be barren, but the population is still in the millions! To say the tax revenue is only 70,000, don’t you think it’s a bit ridiculous?”

Pausing for a second, his eyes showed a trace of anger: “This year’s spring and summer quarter is already more than 200,000 gold coins in tax revenue. Now that we are in the autumn quarter where the harvest is the highest, it should be more than 300,000 according to previous year’s calculation! For a whole province to only have 70,000 gold coins in tax revenue, don’t you think this joke is going a little too far?”

“General Totoro!” Philip’s suddenly got cold and serious: “Please watch your tongue! The one before you is a Duke of the empire!!”

Philip harshly said: “Presuming you know this, but we are building a new city. To build a city, the expenses are huge. Other than paying the craftsman for their work, there are also plenty of overhead costs! Also, in order to get the citizen to migrate to the new city, we took measures to exempt these individuals from taxes for a whole year; all of this was announced long before the city’s completion. Desa Province’s income isn’t high to begin with. Now that there is all these spending’s and tax cuts, it’s not strange to see such low numbers.”

Totoro’s original intention today is to test Du Wei’s attitude. After coming to the Northwest, this little duke never had any dealings with the Northwestern Army, so he really thought Du Wei would cooperate from his earlier words, yet it seems they are only toying with him…..

Thinking of this, Totoro can’t help but be infuriated. He is a general of the Northwestern Army and the one in charge of the logistic department. Even that old fox Bohan needs to be polite and watchful in front of him, so how can he swallow such humiliation?

Duke? So what if he’s a Duke? What is there to be afraid of when we’re the Northwestern Army?

“Your Dukeship!” Totoro stood up: “I’m afraid your subordinate here isn’t very clear on the interim decree. According to the Empire’s decree, the Northwestern Army has the right to intercept the agricultural tax revenue for military purposes! What’s more, the military has first priority and the local government cannot use the fund until the military takes their share! And now, your aide is telling me he already spend all the revenue on the new city before we can even take our share? Is this what you mean?!”

Looking at this angry fat ass, Du Wei slowly answered: “General Totoro, please sit down, your anger won’t help in remedying the situation. Let us discuss this to find a solution, what do you think?”

Totoro made a loud “humph” in reply.

Du Wei smiled as he faced Philip: “Philip, although the account calculations are correct, but we can’t drag out the military funding! The income for this season is only numbers on a paper. Now then, tell me the income for this quarter before the expenses are added in.”

Philip then pretended to be reluctant in his words: “If you follow the normal count, the earning should be about 250,000 Gold coins, less than the previous years. Your excellency did after all exempt a lot of people from paying their taxes for the migration project.”

Only by hearing this did Totoro’s anger subside a little. Though 250,000 is still a little low, but it’s still way more than before! 40% of 250,000 is 100,000 gold coins.

“That’s easy then.” Du Wei immediately made a forthright expression: “According to the 250,000 income, 40% should be 100,000. Take this sum from the treasury.”

Philip sighed, looking like he was ashamed in his whispering voice: “But my lord, the treasury doesn’t have that much money.”

“What!!!”

This single shout carried with it boundless anger disbelief!

The problem is with this is that the one releasing this anger is not Totoro, it was DU Wei!

Jumping off his chair, the young duke mercilessly stared at Philip without restraint: “What did you say/!!”

His excessive action caused even the cup in front of him to fall to the ground. With an angry look, he questioned: “Sir Philip! Please explain to me at once why my Desa Province can’t even take out 100,000 gold coins from the treasury? Desa may be a barren land, but after so many years of saving, there should be more than enough to cover this sum!”

Du Wei blaming initiative actually caused Totoro to jump a little inside.

“Give me an explanation!” Du Wei’s anger looked like he was about to swallow someone: “Philip! Is this really my land? Is this really my Desa Province?! Or did you use your authority to embezzle the funds inside the coffer??? If you can’t explain this, I will immediately arrest you on charges of corruption!”

Phillips immediately showed a face of injustice as he argued back: “My Lord, I never embezzle a single copper!”

Then this Philip spoke like he was full of grievance: “Sir, you never cared about the finances the moment you stepped into the Northwest. You want to build a city, I tried to dissuade you, but you refused to listen. As such, I can only try my best to maintain everything for you, but I also have my difficulties!”

At this point, he seemed to be determined: “Do you remember when I first came in here I gave you a report?”

Du Wei seemed stunned for a moment, then impatiently replied: “I’m not interested in these things, its fine with you looking after them.”

Philip smiled bitterly: “My Lord, you are a magician, so of course you aren’t interested in this stuff. However, I have already explained everything in the report I gave you. It’s just that you didn’t look it over.”

Du Wei then acted like he just recalled something. With a frown, he asked: “The report, what happened?”

“My lord” Philip sighed: “When we took over the Desa Province, the coffer only retained 190,000 gold coins! After so many years, the revenue is only that much!”

“That’s impossible!!”

Once again, Totoro lost the chance to speak again because Du Wei jumped the gun again. With a shameful face, he stared at Philip: “A whole province and you are telling me the reserve only has that much??!”

“But this is all true my Lord. My report has all the details.” Philip face looked bitter: “You put all your energy into the great divine of magic research, so you ignored all this. Although I have repeatedly told you this, but you never noticed.”

Then, Phillips seemed cautious and hesitant in his words; “This number would of course make others question it. For a whole province, how can there be so little wealth in the reserve. But….”

“But what.” Du Wei quickly asked.

Coughing once, Philip bit his teeth: “But, prior to your arrival, the Desa Province was always under Governor Bohan.”

This sentence is already very obvious!

Even for Totoro, he had to secretly accept this argument after listening to this explanation.

It seems before Bohan surrendered the place to this Duke, he had scraped every inch of valuable from the land. This interpretation is very reasonable.

Like this, Du Wei and Philip both stared at each other, one with a face of anger and the other with a face of injustice. After a long while of standoff, Du Wei gritted his teeth and spoke: “What a good governor Bohan! Humph! No wonder his attitude was so weird towards me while I was at Mulan City. That crazy bastard left me an empty shell!”

Du Wei then looked Philip with dissatisfaction: “Why didn’t you speak up about these things before?”

Philip frowned with annoyance as he crossed his arms: “I’ve told you several times already, but you never listen. Your focus was always spent on your divine magic research.”

After a long time, Du Wei lets out a long sigh as he gave a sincere and apologetic look: “General Totoro…. I’ve let you seen a joke. I never would have thought such a thing could happen under my own eyes.”

After witnessing the show that just transpired before him, Totoro is also at a loss, not sure whether if the two were really going at it or just putting up a show. One thing is for sure though; he has a whole boatload of words he wanted to say but cannot.

However, the fact that Magicians doesn’t like to deal with mortal matters is also true. This was very unusual but also very reasonable. Aside from this, these types of young nobles lords are usually spoiled brats, so why would they know about financial management?

Looking at it this way…. It seems the blame really shouldn’t be on this young Duke. It’s all on that Bohan……

“General Totoro, please rest assured.” Du Wei immediately showcased a pair of obligatory appearance: “I will immediately send someone to negotiate with that Bohan! No matter what, I will have him throw up whatever money he swallowed! When the times comes, I will definitely have the military funds in your hand!”

Totoro can only feel his stomach churning…. Throw up?

He’s been in the Northwest for years and it’s not the first time he’s had dealings with this Bohan, so he’s well aware of how powerful this guy is. The moment money falls in his hand, you can damn well expect it to disappear! And you are merely kid, what can you do?

Wait till you get your money back then pay, wouldn’t that be the same as never?

Totoro immediately cut in: “But your Dukeship, the military funds cannot be delayed……”

Not waiting for the general to finish, Du Wei already cut in: “General, you see it too, we’ve been played by Bohan. All my money was swallowed up by him. I may be more than willing to help you, but my men already said it. Right now, the Desa Province really cannot afford to pay this military fund.”

“But your city……” Totoro is still skeptical, after all, to be able to finance the construction of a whole city then what is the measly sum he is asking?

“I know what you want to say.” Du Wei spoke in a light tone: “I won’t hide it. The majority of the expenditure is from my private fund. My aide tried to dissuade me at the time, but I really didn’t want to stay on that tattered looking Anglia City. As a result, I took out my own wealth to build the new city.”

What else can he say?

Even if he is here to retrieve the military fund, he’s not shameless enough to request the military funds to be financed by Du Wei’s personal wealth.

In this case, whether it is publicly or privately, it is not reasonable.

In private…… When a powerful figure takes up a post like this, the common occurrence is to stuff their own pockets as much as possible. Never once would you hear a story of someone losing money! Totoro is also a general, so it’s not like he doesn’t understand these types of political rules. In this case, he is just too embarrassed to say it aloud.

In public…… Using private money to pay the military, what are you trying to do? Going about it lightly, you are trying to bribe the military! Going about it heavily, you have treasonous heart!

“From the looks of it, i seem to be powerless.” Du Wei followed up: “In my place, please inform Army Head Rugaard of my deepest regret. But this matter is something I will try to make up. In a moment, I will send someone to meet governor Bohan in Mulan City. No matter what, I will recover the money and find justice for the Northwestern Army!”

Looking at the sincere appearance of this juvenile teenager, Totoro had a difficult time telling if this is fake or real. As for whether Bohan really swallowed everything before leaving the Desa Province, Totoro can easily find out. After all, the Northwestern Army has taken roots in this place for decades, so they would of course have their own sources to verify the news.

Thinking of this, Totoro has already stood up, his face looking a lot colder: “In this case, I’ll take my leave. I have to report back to the General Rugaard of what happened today…… As to what happens next is not up to me.”

Du Wei showed no attitude as he personally stood up to send the guy off. Even before the guy left, Du Wei added in a few words: “General, this move of Bohan’s really annoyed me, but……. I’m after all a new arrival in the Northwest and he is a veteran in these parts. I think he won’t yield over this matter so easily. So….. I fear it won’t be enough with just my pressure. If necessary, I hope the Northwestern Army can also lend a hand and put some pressure on him. After all….. You funds are also in there, is it not?”

Totoro ponders for a moment. Not daring to be rash in his promise, he only said that he had to report it first before making a decision.

Thus, Du Wei temporarily fooled the Northwestern army.

Sending off the head of logistic department in the Northwestern army, Du Wei and Phillip both shut the door and had a good laugh in the background.

Once Philip finished enjoying the moment, he frowned and said: “My Lord, while we managed to make him go away for now, but he will definitely come back. Then……”

“Then what.” Du Wei grunted: “Bohan emptied my coffer and this is the fact. The Northwestern Army only needs to check and they will know we weren’t lying. It’s not like they can do anything because our finances are really tight. Plus, even if the Army Head Rugaard comes in person, he won’t have the face to ask me to pay out of pocket. The political circle has its own way of doing things. The ideal outcome from this is to have the Northwestern Army go after that old guy Bohan….. Hump! He swallowed such a big sum from me, if I don’t give him some trouble, I won’t feel comfortable!”

But then Du Wei also started to smile as he glanced at Phillip: “I’m just venting. The Northwestern Army was always fighting with Bohan anyways, so it won’t make a difference even if I added this tiny bit of fuel to the fire.”

Philip frowned: “It’s just that this excuse will work for this quarter, but what about the next?”

Du Wei is also frustrated inside. Smiling wryly, he answered: “We can only stall as they come.”

The god damn “temporary regulation” sure is troublesome, but Du Wei also knows that the central command has no courage to repeal this legislation! Prince Son just took power, so the main issue at hand is to stabilize the situation. Instead of hoping for the capital to send help, he be better off relying on himself.

Philip thinks for a while before suddenly crying out: “…… Sir, I have an idea! After this, the Northwestern Army can start dreaming if they ever want to take another coin from us!”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.





* * *





Chapter 202




chapter 202 “preferential clause”

“Let’s talk first” Du Wei comes down with interest.

From now on they won’t get a single copper?

“It’s what I came up with in recent days and it will certainly keep these warlords from poking around in our pockets! But….. Such an approach might thoroughly infuriate the Northwestern army. Our present strength is not enough, and if we have a falling out with them……” Philip hesitated in his next words: “I suddenly came down with this idea when I saw how you demonstrated your great magical powers….. This idea can work around the damn provisional decree!” The young man’s eye gleamed with light as he chuckled: “However, this idea of mine is only a legal loophole.”

Legal loophole?

Du Wei’s eyes sparkled with admiration because he liked the style!

“My Lord, did you forget your other identity? You are a mage!”

Phillip’s lip curled into a sly smile.

Du Wei was slightly stunned because he suddenly recalled a decree that held no importance to him!

Roland Empire, the preferential treatment clause for mages!

Due to the enormous powers wielded by a magician and their limited numbers, these individuals would always receive the best treatment and respect no matter where they went.

To showcase this point, the Empire even set up a preferential clause in the empire’s law!

It was mentioned before, a great emperor of old privately said: Other than the emperor himself, none is above the law; the only exception is a magician!

Among the special treatments granted to a magician, the first one is that they are not legally bound by ordinary laws! Even when a mage performs a horrendous act, only the magic union can punish these people.

For example: the occasion where Du Wei was abducted by Gandalf. The military and magic union had a lot of word battles, but eventually, the issue was tossed aside and forgotten.

In addition, another special treatment is the exception of taxes!

The Empire’s law expressly stated: all subjects of the Empire are to pay taxes; this is a citizen’s duty! For someone like Du Wei that is familiar with the law book, he is surprised to find that even the noble class is forced to pay taxes. Regarding this strange occurrence, Du Wei felt a hint of civilized culture.

While the only exceptions are the Mages! The law code expressly points out that magicians are the empire’s most valuable asset and has the privilege to not pay tax. No person shall impose tax on a magician; this includes the army and government!

Being a noble and someone that only recently became a magician, Du Wei’s brain had almost forgotten this rule existed. If not for Philip’s reminder just now, he may never have remembered it.

“The regretful part is your honor, you cannot enjoy this clause.” Philip smiled with pity: “You may be a magician, but you are a nobleman first with the title of a Duke! The law expressly states that your Duke status takes precedence. That is to say, you are a noble lord first before a magician, meaning you still have to pay taxes. That’s why even though Desa Province is your territory; you would still have to yield under that damn provisional decree.”

Du Wei began to laugh: “Continue to speak your mind Philip.”

“My Lord.” Phillips laughs in return: “Besides you, there are also other mages around us like Miss Vivian and Solskjaer, they are both qualified mages!”

“You mean……”

Phillips immediately explained his approach in detail: “My lord, looking at it from the view of the imperial law, the Desa Province as a whole is your private property. This point is protected under the empire’s law, but because of your noble status, you cannot enjoy the benefits of a magician. In fact, if you look through history itself, there has never been a noble lord with a double identity of a magician, you are the only special case. My approach to this is: If you trust Miss Vivian and Solskjaer, I can draw up a document declaring the transfer of some agricultural properties to the two. Of course, this transfer is a gift with no strings attached. This way around, the future revenue from these lands will no longer be taxed. When the Northwestern Army comes around to ask for money, you can just say they are owned by magicians and the revenue you received is minuscule.”

This really is an excellent solution!

Du Wei’s mind was immediately swayed by this loophole.

Towards Vivian and Solskjaer, he would of course trust them, this is especially true towards little Vivian…… Inwardly, Du Wei already considers Vivian his!

My personal inclination leans toward Miss Vivian.” Phillip’s laugh was a little odd because everyone already knew of Du Wei’s love affair with the little lady. Nevertheless, Philip still presented a point that can draw attention: “My idea is not flawless because once the property is transferred; the land then belongs to the beneficiary. If by then someone wants to go against you and send someone for assasination….. In other words, if the person holding the property dies and there are no heirs to succeed the property, then the land would naturally revert back to the empire. Miss Vivian is an eighth rank magician; I believe no one would be crazy enough to go after her head….. My lord, once you marry the lady, then the property can then be transferred back to your name in the future.”

The last sentence caused Du Wei to unintentionally leak out a small smile.

Marriage…… Hmm, the matter still needs to wait, after all, their age is still too young at the moment.

However, the little lass seems to growing up a lot lately, especially in the middle……..

Pressing down his dirty thoughts, Du Wei quickly made a coughing sound to get back on track: “This method may be an exploit on a loophole, but it’s too obvious. Those guys over at the Northwestern Army aren’t idiots. Even though they can’t nominally fault us for doing it, but this is akin to showing them our real intent.”

Philip slightly bowed: “My Lord, I am your aide, so I can only offer advice. In the end, the final decision still falls on you.”

Taking in a deep breath, Du Wei stood up and walked back and forth in the room. Only by making up his mind did he shake his head: “The idea is good but we simply don’t have the strength to have a falling out with the Northwestern Army. However, once we our foot is firmly rooted in this place, it won’t be too late to use this method.”

Du Wei then smiled bitterly: “Until we can stand up to the Northwestern Army, we must drag it out as long as possible when they come for money. If we can’t, then just pay them.” Speaking up to here, Du Wei couldn’t stop himself from swearing: “Fuck it, just consider it protection money.”

His words may sound pretty, but Du Wei understands full well how firmly rooted the Northwestern Army is.

Not going to cover it up with pretty words, but did that General Totoro really come here today to ask for money? For a vast army like the Northwestern Corp, their wealth should be vastly superior to Du Wei’s Desa Province, so why would they care about a single term’s revenue? If he had to guess their true intent, these people are here today to test Du Wei’s attitude!

If Du Wei acted submissively, then everything is good. If Du Wei’s was acting tough and refuses to cooperate, then what awaits Du Wei is the vengeance from the Northwestern Army! Don’t forget, both of the previous lords put up a strong front and suffered miserably at the hands of these warlords!

Right now he still doesn’t have the asset to put up a challenge. In the short term, the best way to go about it is to play a fool and bide for time.

Understanding this principle, Du Wei soon came up with an idea. Penning a thank you letter, he had someone rushed it to the Northwestern Army’s camp stationed at the border of the Nuling Province.

The letter was addressed to the head of the Army, General Rugaard. Using the tone of noblemen, he wrote some humble greeting words to start it off before saying a newcomer like him still needed the Northwestern Army’s helping hand if he wished to stay here. Aside from this, Du Wei also deliberately presented a request in the letter: he hoped the Northwestern Army would help him pressure Governor Bohan in returning the stolen funds. Du Wei clearly stated he is not lacking money and that he only wanted to defend his dignity. Finally, the last part stated that if the Northwestern Army would help him, he would be willing to donate it all as a tribute to the troops stationed at the border.

Using this letter, Du Wei tried his best to portray himself as a clueless and rash lord. He doesn’t expect a single letter is enough to blind the bosses in the Northwestern Army, but if it can deflect their focus away from him or a good while then his goal is achieved.

Once the letter was sent out, not a single news came back for a long time like it was completely ignored. As for that army head General Rugaard, he seems to have no interest in Du Wei. Although it is not unusual for the main head of a battle corp to distance themselves from the local officials, the fact that he never even met Du Wei has left many to speculate what was going on.

Can it be that he looked down on Du Wei and is intentionally putting on airs? Doesn’t seem to be it……

The winter season of the year 960 of the Roland Empire is finally here. The Northwest’s winter is much colder than the south, but after stockpiling enough food for winter, the cold no longer seemed so terrifying.

And within several months, Longbottom used his old connections to purchase large amounts of cattle and winter wears from the local native prairie tribes. Like this, every soldier is able to stay warm in the winter this year.

Construction of the new capital city is mostly complete with many of the urban areas fully operational. Unlike before, there are always tens of thousands of citizens staying here and to achieve all this, Du Wei already expended 6 million gold coins. Even if there is a continuous flow of income from his business in the capital, Du Wei is starting to feel a bit of financial pressure.

After all, Desa Province still doesn’t look like it can be self-sufficient in its current state. For now, he can only use his own private fund to do all this, but this is not a long term solution.

How to make money in this barren Province is the main problem Du Wei needs to solve. When it came to business, Du Wei would never invest in something that only takes without giving back!

Just as the New Year was about to arrive, a surprise guest came to visit.

Lister Household’s warrior, Dadaneier led a massive cargo fleet with him and came to Anglia City.

To be able to reunite with this friend of his, Du Wei would of course happy. Running out to meet him, the two gave each other a warm greeting hug.

“God, Dadaneier, you finally came!” Du Wei laughed as he looked at this old friend: “I thought you forgotten about me!”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 204




Chapter 204 “secret city”

As time goes by, two months have already gone by in a blink of an eye. Although the winter snow has already receded, the chilling wind still lingers in this barren landscape. Nonetheless, there are already evidence of spring in certain locations.

The Northwest may be a land of bitter cold, though a bit short, but the spring season can be considered the best here.

The immigration process of Loulan City has mostly been completely. At the moment, the number of occupancies in the city numbers around 100,000, this included almost of the population in Anglia City.

The New capital city is located next to the Loulan Lake. Equipped a rarely seen fertile landscape in the Northwest, plus a well maintained road set, the general area around this miracle city is starting to show some life.

As for the migration department, they would always be swamped with long lines of people from around the province. Even if these individuals did not really want to move, they would still come around just to have a look at this miracle city in the warm season!

(1 li = 500 meter)

Just 10 li outside the Loulan City, a new military barrack have already been constructed and Du Wei’s first Tulip infantry division is formally completed. This 20,000 strong division is established around the 4,000 rebel soldiers as the backbone and a lot of new recruits. Later on, in order to solve the recruitment problem, Du Wei once again sent his people to Big Ear city and bribed that Biaideluo. Over the span of several months, more than 2,000 prisoners were sent over again. Though Biaideluo wasn’t very good in the political circle, but in this Sin City, he holds absolute authority. With only a few strokes of his pen, he could easily say they died or illness or exhaustion along their journey. Eventually, such a whopping figure is a little too big, so Biaideluo outright reported a plague and anyone he sent to Du Wei is presumed dead from the plague.

The upper command could care less for a place like Big Ear city, much less when there’s a plague running rampant. As he grew bolder, Biaideluo even had all the prisoners coming in for this spring sent over to Du Wei while they were still in transport.

Toward these prisoners, Du Wei promised they only needed to serve for three years before they are given their freedom. After the duration, he will even reward those with merit a piece of land that they can call their own! Since the Desa Province is sparsely populated anyways, it’s not like the reward will effect anything.

Now, the number of soldiers in Du Wei’s first Tulip division consisted of 4,000 rebel soldiers, 2,000 prisoners, and more than 10,000 recruits. If he really measured the quality of the troops, the ones that stood out the most other than the 4,000 elite regular troops are the 2,000 prisoners. During training sessions, more often than not, the capacity of these prisoners are much higher than the regular recruit!

Well, this is to be expected. When Du Wei spent his money to buy these prisoners, he only picked the youngest and strongest among them. He also did some background checks, but then again, there wasn’t much to verify to begin with. To be stuck in such a place like Sin City, their background can’t be all that big, or else their family would have already rescued them.

Just like Du Wei said, when these already desperate prisoners saw the ray of hope given to them, their willingness to endure hardship is much higher. In only a short period of time, quite a few of these individuals were already coming into shape. From Knight Robert’s view, he believed their fighting capability is only slightly lowered than the regular soldiers in the Northern Corp.

In recent months, General Totoro of the Northwestern Army sent someone over twice for money. In the first time, Du Wei once again used the ‘dragging’ method to fool the other party. Then for the second time, the other side’s attitude was much tougher. Du Wei thought it over and decided he still wasn’t willing to have a falling out with the Northwestern Army just yet. On top of this, the annual spring drill was drawing near, so this was definitely not the time to make any mistake. In the end, he finally gave in and paid the sum. In his mind, he considered the payment a fee to buy a safeguard.

Compared to the fully outfitted first infantry division, the cavalry division could use some work. After all, the training process of a cavalry is much more difficult. While the people of the Northwest is all weathered individuals, but Longbottom’s selection criteria is exceptionally strict. So far, the number of cavalry troops in Du Wei’s hand only numbered around 3,000 strong, half of which consisted of Longbottom’s old unit and the remaining half of new recruits.

Even though Longbottom’s level of abuse towards these new recruit could make anyone sigh with regret, but Longbottom assured Du Wei each of these cavalry kngihts can match up to any cavalry unit of the empire.

The truth is Longbottom originally recruited 5,000 people under him, but due to the harshness of his training, a lot of these people could not take it and left. Also, some were not meeting Longbottom’s requirement and were eventually kicked out also. Then later on, Longbottom even brought with him the remaining recruits and went out on a mysterious tour. No one knows what they did, but after they returned, their numbers dwindled once again.

It wasn’t until Du Wei asked him that he learned the truth. During that trip, Longbottom actually brought these people out for real life “combat”! According to Longbottom’s claim, a soldier cannot be a real soldier if they never seen blood! The reason for this is because sometimes the bravest of souls during a training session would instead become a useless deadweight, and some normally weak bodied individuals could be the fiercest of fighters when placed in a battlefield.

For this reason, he had these people outfitted with light armor and a few days of provision to go out to face off against multiple groups of bandits hiding in the desert.

Sure enough, when they came back, the temperaments of these new recruits all had a significant difference. Gone is the air of inexperience and what came out of it the sense of bloodshed from their eyes!

Longbottom may be harsh when leading, but he is definitely kind to his subordinates. After returning to the city of miracles, Longbottom immediately brought everyone to the brothel. In that single night, they managed to create so much trouble that Dadaneier had quite the headache in cleaning up the mess because he is after all the city defense chief. If not for Du Wei’s instruction that as long as they didn’t step out of bound too much, Dadaneier would have really tossed them all into jail cells.

Early in the morning hours, a carriage was carefully heading towards the governor castle at Loulan City. With more than 10 cavalry knights as escort, these individuals all looked vigilant as if they are ready for anything.

The passenger of this carriage is in fact Du Wei. When he received word last night, he immediately got ready and started to head for Loulan City.

In reality, Du Wei’s residence had long been moved to the new capital. This immense castle imitating the Rowling family castle in the Rowling Plains will hence forth act as his home and work office. It’s just that Du Wei had remained behind during this time in the already abandoned Anglia City.

After Anglia City was emptied of its residence, Du Wei not only didn’t abandon it, he even had took some manpower and materials to repair the collapsed part of the wall.

Anglia City may not be eligible for a capital, but because of its remoteness and the fact that it is backed against the Kilimanjaro Mountain, Du Wei had other plans for it.

As early as a month ago, after the last of its residents moved out, Du Wei ordered the city to be sealed off before beginning a wide arrange of constructions!

Because in Du Wei’s plan, this geographically isolated city would be the most ideal location for his backup production base!

Of course, the stuff produced here is not some ordinary weapon. There are no minerals in this barren landscape, so Du Wei cannot create conventional weapons. Nonetheless,….. Du Wei had a lot of things that he needed to manufacture! For example, things he’s not willing to expose yet and some secret weapon!

Besides, what other place is more fitting to be a production plant than an abandoned city?

No matter how tattered Anglia City was, it is still a city. Once the external wall is repaired and stationed with guards, no spy or undercover agent can expect to leave or get in!

And the people in the city have no need to leave because it is more than enough to be self-sufficient. With numerous living facilities like houses and well, Du Wei even set aside a large plot of land for farming! Using a closed off environment, this place will absolutely keep his secrets away from prying eyes!

For this abandoned city, Du Wei have completely handed over the management of the place to the two geniuses Solskjaer and the big headed Seth.

Afterwards, he bought about a thousand slaves from the Sin City and had them placed in this Anglia City – the group consisted of women, kids, and old gramps. Towards them, DU Wei promised that after give years of labor, he will grant them their freedom again! On top of this, they will even be given their own land!

As for these people, they suddenly went from being a slave to Du Wei’s production plant worker.

What caused these workers to both fear and be surprised is that prisoner slaves usually die off from a couple of years in harsh labor. However, in this production plant, the work was far from what they had imagined!

They even had a very comfortab0le homes to live in (originally belonged to the moved residents, these homes were left with ample food supplies) Du Wei even gave the order that they not only get to take a break during noon; they can even go back and rest in the evening.

And the work is not too heavy, just a little odd… .. Putting up several workshops in the city, these prisoners were then started their mass production cycle under Solskjaer’s guidance……

These people would of course not know this, but the stuff they were producing was the fire element (gunpowder) created by Solskjaer.

And the work done by Seth’s people was even more bizarre. In the large stretches of land set aside for farming inside the city, Seth had his slaves graft all kinds of trees. For those with talent, he set these individuals aside and had them learn how to engrave!

In the production base, the rules aren’t that strict. Dinner and break is garunteed, but Du Wei did have one rule and that is none can leave the city!

During this period, there was only one guy that tried to secretly flee, but before he could even get to the gate, he was already snatched up by the guards. Learning of this, Du Wei ruthlessly had his soldiers break the guy’s leg in front of everyone.

“I can give you hope… … But I can also take your life at any time!” Du Wei announced this to everyone: “So within the next five years, you better keep this in mind!”

Early today, Du Wei had no choice but to leave his production base because he received news that the Lister siblings are about to arrive at Loulan City.

In view of the good relations between him and the Lister Household, Du Wei would of course have to personally go receive them as the master of the Desa Province.

In particular, he is quite curious towards the little sister of the marquise……





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 214




Chapter 214 “good news and bad news”

Leaving behind Longbottom and the magic apprentices in the base camp, the day was already dark for the evening when he made his way into Loulan City.

In the courtyard behind the Duke’s castle, Du Wei finally met up with the heavily injured Hussein.

From his appearance, this Saint Knight no longer had any apparent injuries on his body. Though Hussein’s Saint level Dou Qi had the property of healing physical wounds, but that doesn’t mean it’s omnipotent. In order to recoup the blood lost during this ordeal, our saint knight will need to use some indirect means like herbs and medicine.

Watching Hussein’s expression, Du Wei became serious as he gave Old Smoke the order: “Keep watch outside and made sure none is allowed in.”

After saying this, Du Wei ran to Hussein’s side and sat down: “You really brought back some bad news.”

“It is indeed some bad news.” Hussein’s expression was very apathetic.

“Now then, tell me what the hell happened.”

Hussein gently sighs instead of answering directly. From his clothing, he brought out the bag he brought with him to reveal the legendary sword “beauty under the moonlight”.

Du Wei only needed one look to be shocked with surprise: “Why is Rodriguez’s sword in your hand? Can it be you met with that person in the frozen forest?”

Hussein nods: “If not for this guy… … I’m afraid I wouldn’t have been able to come back alive!”

Afterwards, Hussein began recounting his experience.

A month ago, Hussein was entrusted with a mission to visit the frozen forest by Du Wei. With his great strength, there should have been no need to fear the hostile environment of that place

But as fate would have it, Hussein found some unusual marks when he had just bypassed the circular lake.

“In the beginning, I found the carcass of a dead monster pinned to a tree. It was an ice demon wolf, and from its size, I can speculate it was already nearing its evolution point. I was surprised by this because I was already past the lake, which even the brave mercenaries wouldn’t dare cross. Then after another day, I came across several more monster carcasses, it was earth dragons. (pangolin) You know it too, the scales of an earth dragon is extremely rugged, but from what I saw, the scales were shredded into multiple pieces. This is obviously the work of a powerful warrior. If I had to compare the guy’s skill to my own, I can only at best match him.

Then on the third day, I saw something more interesting: while traveling along the lake’s shore towards the North side, I came across an iceberg in the middle of the lake. Looking through the transparent ice crystal, I was able to see an ice bear frozen inside. From this, I came to the conclusion that the guy responsible for all these killings is very capable in ice attacks.”

“The one responsible is Rodriguez?” Du Wei asked.

“Yes.” Hussein nods, confirmation Du Wei’s speculation.

“How could that guy have ran all the way to the frozen forest?” Du Wei frowned.

Hussein hesitated for a second before slowly speaking his next words: “He went there for us.”

After Rodriguez assisted the crown prince in the coup, he was never seen again. Despite this, his status as a Saint level warrior is forever recognized in this world. Even for our former Holy Knight Hussein, this most wanted man on the continent, he was only rumored to be a Saint Level warrior, but Rodriguez is different. Once he defeated the Grey Robed Sword Saint in front of everyone with his golden Dou Qi, he had since then replaced Hussein’s position as the “number one knight” in everyone’s mind.

As a man that should be standing at the epitome of a warrior’s path, Rodriguez’s appearance in the frozen forest should be for Hussein because what he needs now is a worthy opponent to further his skills.

According to the Temple’s information, Hussein’s last known location is within the frozen forest.

“You two met?” Du Wei’s tone sounded serious.

“That’s right.” Hussein nods.

“And the result?” Du Wei hurriedly asks.

Hussein appears to go silent like an elusive fox, but afterwards, our usually stern looking knight actually smiled: “You want to ask who won, right?”

Du Wei did not deny this: “Of course I wanted to know. You two are now the most powerful warriors on this continent.”

“All right.” Nodding, Hussein then seems to downplay his story: “I won, but he also didn’t lose.”

Du Wei became startled.

“We competed for two rounds.” Hussein spoke in a light tone: “He gained the advantage in the first round because he had his “Beauty under the Moonlight”. Though I was at a disadvantage, but even then he could not break through my Star Dou Qi. We didn’t have the intent to put our life on the line, so we decided to temporarily halt the fight. Then during the second battle, he gave up his advantage of using his “Beauty under the Moonlight”, in the end, I beat him.”

That’s it?

Du Wei would course know that a battle between two Saint Knights aren’t as simple as he claimed!

The confrontation between the two most powerful warriors standing at the peak of this continent should have been an exciting and intense battle. It’s truly a shame he couldn’t witness it in person.

“My shoulder’s injury is what he left behind on me.” Hussein snorted like it wasn’t much of a deal: “But he can forget about fighting anyone in the coming year!”

“Then what about that “Beauty under the Moonlight?” Du Wei frowns.

Hussein did not directly answer the question; instead, he seems to be grinning: “Did you know? You almost lost your life.”

Du Wei became somewhat confused: “What does it have to do with me?”

“After we finished duking it out, we both stepped back because we didn’t want to put our life on the line. To be able to find a rival in this world is a very rare thing. Guess what? He then asked me where he could find me in the future, and I told him I might be in the Northwest….. When he heard this, he looked very surprised. He then explained to me that he was entrusted with a mission by someone to come to the Northwest….. His job is to come help you.”

Du Wei gasped with shock, followed by a look of surprise: “He’s…… coming to help me?”

“I was also quite surprised by this….. He told me he resented you for causing the Crown Prince’s death. Although he already repaid the debt he owed to the Crown Prince, but you did play a key role in the coup, so consider yourself lucky that he didn’t come looking for you afterwards…. Du Wei, remember I wasn’t by your side at the time. With his strength, you wouldn’t have lived even if you had several lives in your pocket.”

Du Wei became speechless.

“Fortunately, he was persuaded by someone to leave you alone. At first, he intended to seek me out in the frozen forest before coming to find you in the Northwest.” Hussein sighs at this point: “The situation deviated a little from target; although our duel didn’t cause any life threatening wounds, but we did get injured from over exhausting ourselves. Fortunately, the treants home isn’t too far away, so I took him to the valley to recover….. It is there where we met the dragon.”

Du Wei’s face sank like was in the deepest part of the ocean: “Could it be that the old dragon went back on his oath and came to settle the old scores?”

Hussein shakes his head: “It wasn’t the old dragon….. But, the dragon that came is not someone I can deal with by myself. Though the guy’s magic power is only average, but his physical body and strength is recognized as the strongest in the dragon clan. I’m sure you remember the stupid dragon standing guard in the mountain, right?”

The stupid Dragon? The guy that was stumped by his silly math problem?

“Indeed, the dragon that came is the very same guy.”

Listening to this, Du Wei was somewhat relieved: “Turns out to be that stupid thing…… Had the Dragon Chief gone crazy? Sending out such a fool!”

Hussein coldly spoke: “He’s not just a simple idiot…… The guy’s magic power may be mediocre, but the sturdiness of his body is not to be taken lightly…… Du Wei, by my estimation, I fear even the old dragon’s body is only so-so in comparison. I even heard that the silly dragon can even rival the dragon chief if they only competed with their physical body.”

“Also……” Hussein’s face turned very ugly: “The guy told me that the Dragon Chief already made the decision. If anyone manages to take your head, the old lizard will hand over his position to that dragon! For this reason, the three sons of that old snake are already on their way here to seek you out.”

Du Wei started to go numb like the very life is being sucked out of him.

Three Dragon Prince wants to come find him?

The strength of that old dragon is terrifying enough, now there’s three more like him? Oh god……

“Hold on… … You said the idiot told you this… … What purpose does he have in doing so?” Du Wei frowns with suspicion.

“……” Hussein looked gloomy: “This is the most dangerous part in this matter. The idiot told me he came to seek you out in order to protect you…. The dragon chief’s decision caused quite the stir in the inner workings of the dragon clan. Everyone wanted to take the dragon chief’s position, so they didn’t want you to die at the hands of the three dragon prince! Aside from bringing some information about the dragon princes…. I was told that it would be for the best that the three prince don’t come back alive!”

Du Wei’s eye lit up with hope!

“According to the agreement, each prince will meet you separately with a time limit of one month to achieve their goal. If the first guy fails, then the second one can take over. Not surprisingly, the first to come looking for you is the eldest son of the dragon chief. According to the information, the guy is very skilled in draconic magic while being average in martial arts.”

Du Wei mind started to work overtime: “Oh…… Since someone wants to work together…… ha-ha, then they must have provided the guy’s weakness too, right?”

Hussein suddenly burst out a laugh: “Indeed, he told me the weakness of this dragon prince is……”

At this moment from within the frozen forest, a tall lean figure stood at the mouth of the treants canyon. With his pale face, he looked towards the south where the vast stretches of snow covered the horizon.

“Teacher Blue Ocean… … I hope you made the right choice. That Du Wei, can he really change the Northwest?” Rodriguez gently mutters this to himself.





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 218




Chapter 218 “Take a guess.”

With his hands clapped around his back, Du Wei got up without facing the Dragon Prince. Like this, he was wide open for an attack from the behind because the distance between the two is only 10 meters. With the strength of this dragon, it would undoubtedly require only a single strike to take his life.

But facing Du Wei’s charm and artistic style, Dragon Prince couldn’t help but feel too humbled to do such a despicable act.

Compared to the elegance of this young Duke, his own action thus far is too murky. Then thinking about how he caused the destruction of such a fine instrument, the Dragon Prince’s heart began to ache uncontrollably.

Unable to bare it, Dragon Prince made a deep apologetic bow: “Duke, because of my arrival, I’ve ruined your precious instrument. I am truly and deeply sorry….. Please excuse me.”

Well, this Dragon Prince really is someone of fine taste. After being fooled by Du Wei, all his will of completing this mission is now all but dead.

Aigh, what’s so great about being the chief … … I don’t care. It’s such a shame this person is the enemy of our dragon clan. Even if I don’t harm him, he will still die by my brothers hands…. What a shame!

Thinking of this, Dragon Prince wanted to leave with a dismal expression on his face. Despite being the eldest among the dragon princes, the character of this dragon is that of a free soul, a mere title of chief cannot shackle his will.

Just as he was about to leave, Du Wei suddenly stopped him with a shout: “Honorable guest, hold on.”

“Eh?” Dragon Prince turns around to face Du Wei.

With the same pretentious smile: “You think you can just walk away like that after ruining such a fine instrument?”

His sentence truly is ridiculous to the core. It was he who took the sword out, it was he who smashed the instrument into pieces, so how can he so shamelessly blame it on the dragon prince?

Yet, it is exactly this type of personality that the Dragon Prince accepts!

(Talk about it nonsense much?)

Once he heard this, the Dragon Prince became utterly ashamed: “This…..”

“Humph” Du Wei seems to smile but did not: “You intentionally hid yourself to observe me, and then there’s the killing intent coming off your body…. I’m guessing you came with ulterior motives today, right?!”

Unable to retort, Dragon Prince could only mutter his next reply: “Then what should I do? I have some treasures on me right now, why don’t I give them to you as compensation?”

Finishing his words, Dragon Prince then pulls out a “longan” sized jewel that extruded a slight fluctuation of energy.

Note: Longan is a fruit commonly found in china.

“This is a water repellent bead.” Dragon Prince whispers, “I got this after slaying a giant turtle 200 years ago in the Eastern Sea. This type of giant turtle is one of the largest creatures in the sea and in order to produce such a bead inside its body, the creature must have lived over 3,000 years. While you are in the water, you can forcefully push the water aside to create a space devoid of liquid. If your magic is strong enough, you can even have tens of thousands of people travel with you under the sea. As for the value of this thing, even I don’t know. However, while I was traveling around the world 300 years ago, one of the humans I had dealings with offered me millions of gold coins to purchase it off me. Of course, I refused him…..”

Not waiting for the Dragon Prince to finish his words, Du Wei already cut in with a cold mocking laugh: “Are you here to insult me or to insult yourself?! Whatever, although you were eavesdropping on me with ill will, but I thought you were at least better than this since you were able to understand my music….. Yet you actually brought out something like this to measure my music? Humph!”

The way Du Wei spoke sounded like there were infinite regrets in his words: “To an average person, I wouldn’t trade my music for anything, even if they offered me immense wealth. But to the right person, I wouldn’t mind gifting it for nothing. Never mind, you can leave! It was my folly to think you are not one of those mundane creatures of this world!”

Despite being accused by Du Wei’s outlandish words, Dragon Prince not only didn’t get angry, he actually felt guilty about his own actions.

That’s right! Such an amazing instrument, how could he have possibly been so foolish to put a value on it?

Thinking back to the times of how he only had the chance to play his music in front of those dragon warriors up at the mountain, a sense of loneliness began to fill the Dragon Prince’s heart.

And now seeing this human before him, a strong sense of goodwill began to sprout inside at a rapid pace.

Suddenly, Dragon Prince chuckles aloud before speaking in a sincere tone: “Duke, you’re right, I’ve offended you!”

With that, Dragon Prince casually tossed the priceless bead into the lake like he was throwing away a piece of trash.

Subsequently, Dragon Prince deeply bows again: “Duke, I won’t hide it from you. I originally came here today with ill intent against you, but now, I no longer have such thoughts. Your character and charisma has deeply impressed me and I’m greatly regretting my actions of ruining your great instrument. In order to show my sincerity, I will do one specific task you ask of me!”

Only like this did Du Wei finally show signs of happiness. Facing the Dragon Prince, he chuckles once and began to pat the leather pads covering the ice block: “It’s rare to find a friend that understands my music. Fortunately there is wine here and with such nice scenery, why don’t you sit down and share a cup with me…. Consider this the compensation to me!”

Hearing this, Dragon Prince began to greatly admire the person in front of him. Gently flying over, he sat down without hesitation and began to dig into the fine wine: “Good wine! From where I’m from, there isn’t a wine comparable to this.”

Then facing Du Wei, he asked with curiosity: “If you knew I wanted to harm you, then why didn’t you use that promise to ask me where I’m from? Aren’t you worried about these things?”

Du Wei was inwardly snickering: I already knew your origin so why should I ask you dumbass?

Unlike his true thoughts, Du Wei slowly sat down with his head facing the sky: “Look around, a person in this world is like the cloud in the sky. All its actions are beyond its control. Whether it idols or move will depend entirely on the wind. Humph, you kill me; I kill you, all of this is for the mundane, so what is there to ask?”

With that, Du Wei suddenly turns around with open arms to look at the Dragon Prince, his face donning a strange smile: “Look at me, I am a Duke. Not only is the scenery you see around us belongs to me, the entire Northwest is mine! I’m a lord of thousands with absolute authority here, but no matter how glamorous I am right now, none can escape death! Once I’m gone, the vast stretches of land here cannot be taken with me to the coffin! If it’s like this, why don’t I just focus on the immediate gratifications before me?”

At this point, Du Wei lets out a loud HAHA laugh. From the Dragon Prince’s hand, he grabbed hold of the wine bottle and took a sip of the liquid inside: “I don’t care whether you are here to kill me today or not, nor do I care where you are from. I only know you are a bosom friend right now! After drinking this wine, we will go our separate ways. If you want to kill me in the future then go ahead. Whether you kill me or I kill you, that is for the future to decide. I just know right now you are sitting beside me here to share in this bottle of fine wine.”

Impressed by Du Wei’s frank words, the Dragon Prince’s heart began to shake with so much uncertainty that thoughts of aiding Du Wei surfaced in his mind.

Dragons are extremely proud creatures to begin with, so the fact that he can sit next to Du Wei and share in a drink is a miracle in itself. Seeing how the wine in the bottle is coming to an end, a flash of conviction crossed the lizard’s eyes. Without delay, he stood up and slowly spoke: “Duke, even if you don’t ask me, I must say this. After today, you still have a month of security before another enemy shows up. I’m afraid the next one to come see you won’t be so easy to mingle with!”

Du Wei laughs out loud: “You don’t have to worry, I Du Wei is not someone so easily bullied. Regarding your goodwill, I have already accepted it!”

Dragon Prince repeatedly shakes his head: “The next one to come find you are certain to be my brother. This brother of mine only cares about the objective when he does things. Hence, the reason why I hate him the most because he doesn’t care what means he use. Since I hit it off with you so well, I cannot watch you die like this…… Let’s do this then, I will stay in the Northwest for the coming days…..”

Regardless of whether Du Wei will accept his gift or not, he still pulls out a crystal ball and places it in front of Du Wei: “Duke, you may be a genius among your peers, but my brother isn’t so easy to deal with either. He’s well educated in the art of martial skills and is a fierce warrior…. In addition, due to our lineage, he has an advantage over everyone on this continent. As long as you smash this crystal ball to the ground when you meet him, I will know immediately. At that time, it will only take me a short period to get to your side to save your life.”

With that, Dragon Prince stood up and sighed: “I’ve spent most of life up on that mountain and never knew there would be such an amazing person like you. It’s truly a shame I cannot come out more often, otherwise, I can share a joyous drink with you more often! Nevertheless, the harvest from this trip is enough to sooth my heart. Even if I return to the mountains, I won’t feel so lonely like before.”

After that statement, Dragon Prince floated up into the sky and transformed into a gigantic gold dragon! Flapping his enormous wings, he began to soar through the sky in the general direction of the North……

Quietly watching the Dragon Prince disappear before his eyes, Du Wei slowly began to reveal an expression of pity.

It was at this moment, not far from the Lake, several figures slowly emerged from the bushes. Of course, these people are Vivian, Hussein, and Queen Medusa because they are the most powerful people Du Wei had access to right now.

This move of his may be tricky, but there is a risk to it and more importantly, he’s not entirely confident the dragon won’t just outright attack him. As insurance, he secretly had these three lie in wait to ambush the enemy if anything happens.

Based on their powers, the dragon shouldn’t be able to sense their presence as long as the three didn’t move.

Hussein looked confused as he frowned at Du Wei: “Why didn’t you make your move? I think the dragon already lost his hostility towards you at that moment. If you brought out that pet of yours, there would have been at least seven to eight chances to pick up this dragon.”

Sighing, Du Wei only shakes his head as he raised his head to look up at the sky: “I was only putting on an act, but he is truly a man of fine taste. I may have scammed him into admiring me, but the truth is I admire him even more! Compared to him, it is I who is truly a man of low standing. Anyways, he already left me such a big gift, so let’s save the move for the next dragon.”

After a pause, Du Wei began to mock himself: “I may not be a good person, but I still have a bottom line.”

Hussein also began to admire Du Wei for his words, but after a second, Du Wei’s fox tail began to leak out.

Grinning, Du Wei squinted his eyes as he spoke to Hussein: “I say my Saint Knight, you can swim right? I’ve firmly memorized the spot where the water repellent bead was tossed, if you don’t mind, can you go grab it? That baby is worth several millions of gold coins easy!!!!”

Once his words came out, Hussein could not help but roll his eyes back in disbelief.

Unlike Hussein, Vivian still had a pair of innocent eyes as he looked at Du Wei. To her, every move of his is the right one and should be taken for granted.

As for Medusa, even she was sighing in pity. Under the setting sun, this snake woman remains as beautiful as ever even when she shakes her head: “Is this the so called human nature…..”

Giving Medusa a glance, he didn’t care as he laughed: “Miss Nicole, I promised to teach you human nature when I brought you out of the valley, but due one reason after another, I didn’t have much chance till now. Since there’s time today, I will teach you a lesson in human wisdom!”

“What?” As expected, Medusa began to ask.

Du Wei laughs in a he-he manner as he explained: “Don’t pretend to be good or pure, if you do, you will either be hit by lightning or be played by others.

Then he paused to let his words sink in: “These words may sound crude and vulgar, but at the same time it’s not. The good and pure never have good endings, remember this.”

Medusa was expressionless. Who knows if Du Wei’s word left her speechless with anger or is it because she really grasped onto something.

As for Vivian, she suddenly asked with a question mark on her head: “Zhuang … … Zhuang… … What does it mean?”

This girl is still young, so she is still too embarrassed to truly utter a vulgar word like “zhuangbi” from her mouth.

Note: zhuangbi is the actual word that is used for pretentious in the previous chapter and this one. Unfortunately, English doesn’t have a direct translation for this slang so I can only use the closest word to it.

Du Wei smiles Hey-Heyly as he stroke his chin back and forth. Like a wolf watching little ride riding hood, his eyes circled around Vivian like a prey has just appeared: “My baby, you don’t need to know this kind of stuff for now…. If you want to know, I can slowly teach you later on in private.”

How can our naively innocent Vivian pick up on Du Wei’s perverted thoughts? As a reply, she only sweetly smiles with a nod.

Hussein coldly cuts in: “Enough with the nonsense. You have only one month left to prepare for the next one. Do you have any plans?”

Du Wei laughs Hey-Heyly again: “Take a guess.”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 219




Chapter 219 “provocation”

Despite repeated delays, spring is finally upon the Northwest which signals the start of another busy season drill for the soldiers.

Since the Roland Empire was founded through military strength, it’s no surprise that the first emperor Aragon would establish such a rule of enforcing an annual spring drill.

In order to ensure that the Empire’s army does not fall into disuse, the imperial army would all go through this each year.

Though this iron clad rule was gradually abandoned after the end of Aragon’s era to the point where there are points in history that the imperial army had never done a single exercise in over 10 years, this quickly changed after Augustine the 6th took the throne. Since then, this once long forgotten rule was hence forth strictly enforced.

After all, the Augustine dynasty is only 200 years old and through this period, there had been a number of small scale regional conflicts.

In particular, one really has to thank the current emperor for this. Though Augustine the 6th is more of tyrant than a wise ruler, but at least in his reign, the military showed an unprecedented focus on improving the soldiers’ combat capabilities.

Although Augustine the 6th did quite a lot of ridiculous things in his reign like: wasting the empire’s resource on a civil war in the Northwest, building a massive fleet to conquer the Southeastern Sea, but it’s undeniable that thanks to his effort, the average fighting strength of the army is by far the strongest in the past hundred years.

With the first gust of spring breeze, the great army of the imperial empire begins to march!

Through the provincial decree set out by the wartime period, the two provinces in the Northwest naturally falls under the rule of the Northwestern Army. Despite the fact that they no longer takes order from central command, the Northwestern Army never once abandoned the tedious task of going through the spring drill.

What’s more, this annual spring drill is a perfect opportunity for the Northwestern Army to showcase their might. By putting up a tough stance, not only can they deter the central command from making any rash decisions, it can also act as a political chip when negotiating. As such, the Northwestern Army would always send out their most powerful and highly trained units during this mobilization.

Of course, this is also to guard against the central command in case there are any worrying movements.

Worth mentioning is that during this exercise, the central command would also pay particularly more attention to the Northwestern army’s movement.

Who wouldn’t be worried when a 200,000 strong army marches at your doorstep?!

Hence the reason why the imperial high command would mobilize large numbers of royal elite guards to the bordering province in the west – this acts as insurance in case the Northwestern Army truly rebels.

Likewise, the Northwestern Army would also do the same and station their strongest unit in the Nuling Province. On the surface, they are training, but in reality, they are there to confront the royal guards in case the high command takes this opportunity to enter the Northwest.

For the Northwestern army, the annual spring drill may be a worrisome matter, but over the years, things have always been at a stalemate due to the indecision of the high command.

Over the years, the aggressive and non-aggressive parties in the capital have been arguing about this matter over and over again.

Those in the aggressive camp are usually the newly appointed generals. In order to protect the authoritarian rule of the empire, these young generals would always advocate that the answer to solving the crisis in the Northwest is through the use of force.

Although the non-aggressive party can be quite hateful at times, one can’t blame them. Among these people, there are many that truly cared for the wellbeing of the empire. In their argument, they analyzed the current financial situation of the empire and came to several conclusions:

One being the empire barely manages to subdue the Northwestern Army. If that does come to past, the natives living in the prairie will take this chance to invade the empire. At that time, where will the empire get more troops to fend off those hundreds of thousands of prairie wolves?

Another scenario is that the prairie natives don’t take this chance to invade….. Then the problem left is the troops, where are they going to get so many soldiers? The best choice would naturally fall upon the capital defense garrison stationed in the capital. In theory, the capital’s regiment, formerly known as the ‘Thorn Flower Regiment’, should be more than adequate in going up against the Northwestern army in terms of equipment, but what about after the war? After solving the problem in the Northwest, the military might of the emperor would become unstable. At that time, there’s no guarantee the other army corps like the Northern Army stationed at the frozen forest wouldn’t rebel? Even if that doesn’t happen, what about the powerful lords scattered across the empire?

There’s no such thing as a gun in this world, but the people of this world at least knows a regime is only as good as their biggest weapon.

If the central high command becomes weak due to the civil war, the situation may become lethal when another problem arises, hence the reason why the soft stance against the Northwestern Army.

Unlike the problem faced by the lords in the capital, this occasion is actually a great opportunity for Northwestern Army to reap more benefits:

The iron clad rule of the Empire states: during the annual spring drill, the resources used can be directly taken from the local government. Afterwards, the local cities will be compensated through the yearly funding allocation.

Regarding this issue, Governor Bohan did have quite the headache when coming up with a solution. Nevertheless, after thinking it through, he came up with the perfect plan of emptying all the warehouses several months prior to the spring drill. This way, the locusts known as the Northwestern Army wouldn’t be able to tap into this resource.

Over the years, the comical act of one hiding and one robbing would always play out several times in the Northwest.

But this year, Du Wei would break this routine!

Under the afternoon sun, the defense garrison of Loulan City is already standing by for orders.

Since yesterday, his lordship the Duke had already handed down the order to limit access to the city by closing the gates completely. Seeing this, the traveling caravans would all make a detour to the nearby towns to replenish their supplies before moving on.

But for those unwilling to take the detour, they would take refuge in some of the nearby villages.

When an overcasting shadow slowly appeared over the horizon, the soldiers standing guard on top of the wall was soon hit by an intense thundering sound of galloping horses.

For those veteran soldiers atop of the wall, it didn’t take much for them to estimate the number of riders coming their way. With no less than 20,000, the other party is like a tidal wave charging towards the city like an unstoppable force. Forget the overbearing atmosphere the enemy gave off, just the dust alone is enough to block off the entire sky behind them!

In merely a short period of time, the large number of cavalry riders was already at the city front with only a mile of land between Du Wei’s forces.

Unlike the regular soldiers of the empire, these riders were all outfitted with black armors etched with a insignia representing the Northwestern Army. Looking at the banner, this 20,000 strong force should be a complete cavalry unit.

Despite being in such close vicinity to the city, these soldiers showed no signs of relenting; instead, they were blatantly organizing themselves into attack formation!

Within this unit, the blowing of horns were endless with no end in sight. Then under the instruction of the waving flags, the soldier columns split apart to reform into a siege formation!

Knowing this, someone had already ran into the castle to report this to Du Wei. Despite the urgency outside, Du Wei only replied with “I know”.

The truth is Du Wei’s wrath was boiling over, but he didn’t show it because his anger was being suppressed inside.

As early as three days ago, the Northwestern army had already sent someone over to inform him that they will be using the area around his city to do their spring drill. To top it all off, the messenger uttered this sly remark before he left: “The army will be here in three days.”

Such a move almost made him flip out on the spot, but through sheer will, he managed to suppress it.

Why the third day?

The meaning behind the message is that before he even received the news, the army was already on their way!

The alleged messenger is nothing but a farce. Before the owner even knew, you are already coming. The meaning behind this is simple: you better agree to this, even if you don’t, you still have it agree!!

After listening to the report right now, Du Wei immediately dressed himself to go outside. When he was choosing his outfit, he actually hesitated for a second. The reason is because the outfit he chose is not the magicians robe he usually worn, nor is it the nobles attire he had in his wardrobe, it is a set of armor. Like the overly exaggerated armor worn by Rolynn in the capital, this set of armor can be called luxurious to the extreme, but here’s the important part, it was much more practical for real life combat after making some improvements.

Du Wei is tall to begin with, but due to illness in his childhood, his body looked much frailer compared to other kids. Nevertheless, after practicing the Stars Dou Qi martial movement set, his body has already started to improve a lot over this period.

And now under the effect of this fierce looking armor, our Du Wei here is finally starting to look like a handsome young general like his father once was.

With one order, Du Wei along with Old Smoke and his bodyguards all headed out of the castle for the city gates.





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 225




Chapter 225 “Target, Anglia City”

Towards someone that had nearly caused the Tulip troops to lose their dignity, the soldiers would of course not be very kind in their manners. Dragging the guy back like a dead dog, this prairie warrior was then tossed in front of Du Wei.

How powerful is Du Wei’s single shot now? Although his level of control is already at the point where he can decide the power output at will, he still can’t fully dictate the aftershock from the exploding energy upon impact. Therefore, the guy’s back was unsightly to look from how gruesomely blood and mangled his flesh was.

What should have been a layer of leather armor is nothing but seared remnants as blood continued to flow out of the wound.

With a yellowish brown type of hair, different from the usual native color, this guy on the ground was already unconscious. In order to get a better look, two of the soldiers crudely flipped him over to expose the offenders face..

With a fierce look, Du Wei instinctively made an “EHH??” sound.

The reason for this is because the man’s facial features were quite different from what he expected out of a native from the prairie desert. With a wide forehead and a high nose, these traits are clearly different from the usually narrow forehead and flat nose he’s seen thus far. This astonishing find was especially apparent in the guy’s eyes. Although this person had his eyes closed, but from his face alone, Du Wei can tell the guy’s lineage is not quite right.

In addition, the guy’s skin was much whiter compared to the usual yellowish tinge….

Of course, the most outstanding anomaly was his other characteristics: a short beard, thick lips, and the nose and ear piercings.

Just when the two nearby soldiers wanted to kick the guy, Du Wei called out to them: “Stop the bleeding from his wound, I want to question him.”

Stunned by this command, the two soldiers was of course not willing as they made a few grudging remarks; however, because it was a direct order from Du Wei, they can only comply. Turning the guy around, the two soldiers removed the remaining leather armor strapped to the guy’s body and somehow managed to stop the bleeding with some medicine.

During all this, Muse was standing next to Du Wei so he was able to get a clear view of it all. Muse was already queasy to begin with, but the gruesome and bloody injury finally pushed him over the ledge. Crying out with his pale face, he then covered his mouth as he bent over to vomit.

Giving this kid a discontented look, he coldly said: “What are you afraid of! Listen up, in this land of the wolves; the more afraid you are of blood, the more afraid of death you are … … If so, you will die faster! Garbage!”

When Du Wei rudely called out at Muse, he really didn’t hold back. For the Lister knights standing nearby, none of these loyal followers were happy when their lord was being bashed at. Regardless of the angry glares coming his way, Du Wei turns his focus back to the person before him: “Poor some cold water on his face and wake him up!”

Splash!

Picking up a water skin, one of the soldiers began pouring the cold liquid atop of the guy’s face. No surprise, when the man regained consciousness, the first reaction he had was to jump up.

But who is Du Wei? Not giving the guy the chance, Du Wei accurate raised a leg and stepped onto the guy’s chest to force him back down: “Don’t move and don’t struggle.”

Nearly fainting at the immense pain, this guy amazingly managed to keep himself awake by sheer will.

“You are our prisoner now. Whatever I ask, you answer. If you resist or annoy me even once, I will remove a part from your body! Annoy me twice; I will remove a second piece! I will continue to do this until there’s nothing left to cut, understand?”

Upon hearing this, this person was filled with unruly arrogance as snorted.

Like his prisoner, Du Wei did not say a word; instead, he spoke with action. Pulling out a sword, the man before Du Wei suddenly cried out in pain because he had just lost a pinkie finger on his left hand!

Calm and cold, Du Wei spoke: “You are a warrior, so you should know a pinkie finger would not affect your martial arts; nevertheless, what do you think would happen if I cut off your thumb? I believe I don’t need to say more, right?”

Letting a flash of bitterness cross his eyes, this man bit his lips as he replied: “I…… Understand!”

“Good, now tell me, where did your group come from and where are you heading to.” Though Du Wei’s smile was calm, but he was obviously giving off a dangerous vibe: “You can’t lie to me. I’m sure you’re aware of this already, but I’m a magician, I have hundreds of methods to force to you to spill the truth, that’s assuming I have to do that.”

Sure enough, his words had the added effect. The guy originally wanted to spout nonsense, but when heard Du Wei’s identity, a flash of frustration crossed his eyes. Coughing for a moment out of pain, he uttered his words in a low croaking voice: “We are the royal court’s Gold Wolf battalion.”

While the guy said this, Guptad quickly followed up with an explanation from the side:

The natives in the prairie follows tribalism, meaning the chief of the strongest and most powerful tribe can claim themselves royalty. During the court hearings, this certain individual can then order other various tribes to mobilize their armies at his will.

And without a doubt, the strongest and most elite warriors under the control of the royalty are the “Gold Wolf” battalion.

In general, the tribes living in the prairie plains will usually worship some kind of wolf or eagle for their deity god. For this reason, any entities that can carry the title with these names are extremely high in status. According to their tradition, there are four generals directly under the royal family that controls their own respective army: gold wolf, silver wolf, gold eagle, and silver eagle. Compared to the empire’s army ranking, these four are equivalent to an army head like General Rugaard of the Northwest Army. For the Gold Wolf battalion in question here, it’s similar to a battalion that specializes in scouting and border patrol.

Du Wei made a frowning hmm sound to indicate he heard all this. Inwardly, he was really impressed right now. For a mere scouting team, the guy in front of him can show such outstanding skills in horsemanship and take on multiple attacks without any problems! If not for the fact that his forces had superior numbers and a lot of magic apprentices to help , it’s unlikely his men can overwhelm the opposition.

Northwest prairie wolves, you really are amazing!

“Where did you come from and where are you going?” Du Wei asked again.

“From the lord of the great grassland and master all masters, we’ve come at his order to search for something.” Gasping like he had trouble breathing: “Our 300 member unit was heading south because it’s said that the thing we are looking for likes to stay near the mountain…….”

“Humph!” Without any explanation, Du Wei went down with his sword!

Letting out a painful loud scream, the poor guy’s left ring finger was chopped off by Du Wei’s cruelty.

“Like I said, if you are not truthful, the one to suffer is only you!” Du Wei coldly reminded the guy: “Since you are a part of the wolf battalion, then your group must only be a scout team dispersed from the main body. Speak, where is your main army!”

Opening and closing his mouth back and forth, the guy seems be having trouble deciding whether to speak the truth. Seeing this, Du Wei gave a forceful stare: “You already lost your pinkie and ring finger, do you want me to cripple your left hand entirely? Speak!!”

As a reply, this guy suddenly shouted back with energy: “Kill me; I’m a son of the wolf god! By insulting me, the wolf god will punish you for this treachery!”

“PAYY!” Du Wei made a disgusted remark: “What wolf god! You’re a proper normal human being, yet you go and worship some animal god! I would love to see your wolf god come punish me. Even if he or she does show up, I’ll turn that mutt into a fur coat!!!!”

With that, Du Wei’s sword is now threateningly aimed at the man’s face: “I’m going to count three times. If by then you still don’t speak, then I’ll cut off your entire left hand. One….. Two!”

“Stop, Stop!” The man suddenly exclaimed: “I’ll speak, I’ll speak!”

His eyes were filled with vicious poison as he bit his lips, “Our Gold Wolf battalion is about 60 miles from here and their destination is Anglia City to the North!”

When Du Wei heard this, he was immensely shocked: “What?” Anglia city?”

Since the man already popped the cork, he no longer had any reason to hold back.

“The Shaman King lost a very important magical beast and gave us 100 days to retrieve the damn thing…. Otherwise, the current prairie king can forget about keeping his throne. You people may not know this, but none in the grasslands can defy the Shaman King. As a result, our Prairie king made a deal with the Northwest Army and sent the Gold Wolf battalion out to complete this mission.”

Both upset and angry, Du Wei questioned the guy some more: “Why Anglia City?”

“We suspect the magic beast lost by our Shaman King was captured by your Duke Tulip. After careful consideration, we came to the conclusion that such an important creature wouldn’t be kept in your capital. In addition, we received news that Anglia City was heavily fortified and is restricting access to outsiders. Matching the time with when the Shaman King lost his pet and the time Anglia City was closed in, we believe it’s highly likely the creature is hidden somewhere inside….. Even if the creature isn’t there, it’s likely the Duke hid something very important inside. If we can somehow take control of whatever is inside, we can then use it to exchange for the Shaman King’s pet. From rumors, there’s only 3,000 soldiers stationed there, such number is definitely no match for the Gold Wolf battalion!”

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 226




Chapter 226 “fight!”

This mind-blowing news is not to be taken lightly because Anglia City is in fact Du Wei’s lifeblood right now!

Turning the now abandoned city into a closed off factory, all his secrets like the artificial mithril, gunpowder, and flying broom are all manufactured inside this place….

Ignoring Gargamel, Seth, and Solskjaer that’s currently inside the city – his personal team of magic researchers – there is also Knight Robert and his four thousand strong regiment that was left behind by Du Wei.

If danger does arrive at their doorstep, Du Wei can already forget about relying on Seth and Solskjaer to defend the place. As for the former mouse Prime Minister, Du Wei is well aware this white robed Gargamel is only at the sixth rank in strength.

Let’s face it, if it wasn’t for the preservation of his rare transformation magic, there’s no way the magic union would have given him the title of a eighth level mage.

“Your Gold Wolf Head General is personally leading the assault against Anglia City?” Du Wei takes in a deep breath after asking this.

“Yes.” This person reluctantly answers: “General Gold Wolf head is a famed warrior of the royal court.”

“How many people did he bring with him?” What’s most concerning is this point, and the answer he got is absolutely depressing!

“20,000.” This man was able to see through Du Wei’s pale complexion so he followed up with another sentence to incite Du Wei even more: “20,000 of the strongest warriors in the royal court.”

Du Wei suddenly sneered at the guy’s trick: “You’re trying to lie again? I know for a fact that you only have a total of 10.000 that sneaked into our land!”

“That is only the first group.” The prairie man sneered back at Du Wei: “The army head of the Northwest Brigade is a greedy and useless man. Our king only gave him some benefits and he easily let our vanguards through the Northwest Corridor. The job of us vanguards is only here to scout and harass the locals, and the second group is actually the main force led by General Gold Wolf Head himself.”

Watching the guy’s poisonous eyes, Du Wei was speechless to rebuke.

After a while like this, Du Wei’s lip suddenly curled into a grin: “You’re only a scout in the wolf brigade, how can you possibly know so much. Tell me, who exactly are you?”

The prisoner’s face immediately changed for the worst.

Du Wei laughed out: “Just seeing the way you caught the arrow in midair earlier indicates your skills are far superior to that of a mere scout.”

Realizing things are not going well, the guy’s expression turned even more grave as he bit his tongue, refusing to say another word.

Du Wei frowned as he gave this person a strange look over: “Why are you still trying to hide your identity? Such important military secret already gave you away.”

With that, Du Wei lifts his sword: “If you don’t speak up soon, I’ll swing down with my sword! Think this over carefully; do you really want to lose your life over this?”

Clearly struggling to come to a decision, the prisoner suddenly yelled out: “I fear no death; I’m just unwilling die like this without proving to those that looked down on me!”

Du Wei made an “Oh” sound as he retracted his sword: “Talk, who exactly are you?”

“You … …” When the prisoner’s eyes came into contact with his, Du Wei realized the person below him that was giving him such an intense stare was not someone that should be stepped on by him like a ordinary captive. In fact, the impression he got right now was like a person that had just mistakenly stepped on a frog to only realize he had stepped on a snake!

“If I tell you, will you let me go?!” This person unyieldingly bites his lip: “Will you let me leave? I won’t go against you; I just want to return to the prairies!”

“Let’s hear it, but I won’t make any guarantees.” Du Wei lightly utters this reply.

Looking at how this guy was still hesitating, Du Wei smiles and began to push the guy over the edge: “You are in no position to make demands because I’m the winner and you are the loser. Think things over, if you don’t speak, I will kill you. However, if you do talk, you still have the chance to live. I know you are a smart person, the choice shouldn’t be hard to pick, right?”

Another period of silence pursued. When Du Wei was about to lose his patients, this unruly man suddenly spoke up.

Inwardly, Du Wei was thinking: This guy really is stubborn. Why is he still keeping his mouth shut when he already revealed such important military secrets?

“I … … My identity is the 13th son of the King of all kings.”

Before the prisoner could even finish his sentence, Guptad that was standing nearby had already laughed out in mockery: “Even if you want to lie, at least make up a better excuse. From what I know, the prairie king only has 12 children, so how can you be the 13th prince? Even the old gramps did get another son right now; you can’t possibly be a newborn baby, right?”

When the captive heard the insulting words from Guptad, the eyes from this guy suddenly became infuriated like that of a dying wolf in despair!

“Everything that I said is true!” The captive grits his teeth so hard that drops of blood began to drip down the corner of his lip.

“Guptad, don’t say anymore and let him continue.” Du Wei suddenly came down with a thought.

“I don’t have the status of a Prince.” The eyes of this person carried a sense of madness: “Because I’m just an offspring of a slave that can’t be seen in public. My mother is a woman that was pillaged from the Roland Empire and was later kept as a measly slave to sweep the king’s tent. Although I have the king’s lineage in my blood, but everyone just thinks of me as a dirty Roland pig! They despise me! Humph…. But when have I ever respected them, they’re nothing but a bunch of idiots! Only I, have the purest of the royal bloodline and not some dirty lineage of some lowly Roland pug!!”

Hearing all this, Guptad became infuriated with anger as he stepped forward to send a kick at this impudent guy’s face: “Son of bitch! How dare you insult the citizens of the Roland Empire when your mother is one herself!!”

“Pehh!” This guy spits out the blood bleeding out of the corner of his mouth. With a unrelenting gaze, this prairie mutt looked at Guptad with knives in his eyes: “I am a true descendant of the royal family! As for the slave woman that gave birth to me, she is nothing but a dirty slave! I’m a child of the wolf god. Unlike the others, the wolf god only borrowed the body of that lowly slave to produce me! I’m a purebred of the royal bloodline, not some disgusting Roland pig!!”

While this person said all this, his eyes betrayed a deep sense of pain and anger while his body numbingly trembled under Du Wei’s feet.

As for Guptad that was standing nearby, this mini 250 wanted to move up and beat the crap out of this insolent jerk that would insult his own mother.

Knowing this, Du Wei only needed to casually pull Guptad away: “He’s only a madman that is overly obsessed with this parentage. Let him go on.” Du Wei says this to try to calm his subordinate.

The captive looks up and grits his teeth: “I was always the best! Whether it is horsemanship or martial skills, I was always above everyone else, but because of my lowly Roland blood, I could never get any recognition. While my brothers all received their own tribes and clansman, I wasn’t even given my own tent and must live with the other slaves. When I finally grow up, I can only join the wolf brigade and climb from the very bottom!”

Having said that, his eyes betray a hint of madness as he stared whole heartedly at Du Wei: “You are the leader here! I’m telling you all this because I want you all to know I’m not afraid of death. I only want to go back to prove myself, I cannot die like this without doing anything!!”

Du Wei was silent for a moment because he really wanted to chop this guy up immediately with a cleaver. For a guy that would even insult his own mother, Du Wei feels like he would even sully his own blade by doing so.

Slowly but surely, the once tight grip on his sword began to loosen.

At this time, a sudden thought hit him in the head: “What’s your name?”

“Saladin!”

Hearing this name, Du Wei gasps for air…..

Desert madman, Saladin…. The learning of this name really sent waves through Du Wei’s heart.

This guy has both skills and courage (this can all be seen from how he played dead and stole a horse to flee), but above all else, his heart is already twisted to the core.

Du Wei is a firm believer that personality decides destiny. If he let this guy that has the heart of an evil snake, a mind of a crafty jackal, and a personally of vile spider return to the prairie, this person will definitely rise to the top.

But the question is: does he want to give this person the chance?

Saladin … … Humph, this is also a famous name from his past life.

Hesitating for a good while, Du Wei suddenly started to smile wickedly.

Ah whatever.. … Since he had already created a Captain Jack Sparrow, a George Bush … … What difference does it make if he makes another infamous Saladin.

(For those that don’t know this name, you can check it out by Googling the name or for anyone that played Age of Empire, it’s the desert campaign guy.)

Thinking of this, Du Wei’s removes his foot that was stepping on top of this person’s chest.

“Give him a horse, a knife, and a skin of fresh water.” Du Wei sent out these commands to his men. Turning around, he then coldly made a little laugh at this Saladin: “The opportunity is set before you, whether you can make it back to the grassland alive is all up to you. Let’s see if your so called wolf god will give you such blessings.”

“My Lord!!” Guptad loudly objects.

Not waiting for Guptad to say anymore, Du Wei had already raised a hand to stop this mini 250 to go on.

“Listen up.” Du Wei thought for a moment and smiled playfully: “I’m quite interested in what you will achieve when you make it back to your grassland home. In order to see that day come to fruition, I will place a bet on you. When you need help, you can come to Loulan City and contact me…. Remember my name, I am known as Duke Tulip!”

With that, Du Wei pulls over Saladin’s hand and casually stops the bleeding from his wounds. At the same time, he also secretly wrote a symbol in the palm of Saladin’s hand.

This symbol is obviously a Chinese character from his previous life.

“I’ll give you another chance, when you need help in the future, you can send someone to Loulan City to seek me out if you are unable to come in person. As for how much assistance I will provide, it will depend entirely on my mood at that time.”

With that, Du Wei laughs as he gently sent a kick to Saladin: “Before I change my mind and decide to kill you, scat and move out of my sight!”

Giving Du Wei a deep look, Saladin turns got up and walked towards the horse provided to him. Before leaving, this prairie madman gave Du Wei a deep bow and said: “Duke Tulip, I will never forget your name! Whatever favor and humiliation you gave me today, I will be sure to repay everything I owe you in the future!

Watching how much struggle it was for this guy to ride the horse to leave, Du Wei can only sigh at his own doing.

“My lord! Are you sure it’s the right thing to do?” Guptad frowns as he watched the disappearing enemy that was far off into the distance: “I have the sinking feeling this madman is a danger to us all. Why won’t you let me kill him?”

Du Wei nodded in agreement: “Guptad, you’re right, he’s not only a madman, he’s also a poisonous snake and a conniving wolf…. Nevertheless, he’s a madman with abilities. Towards such a person, killing him is also a good solution, but then again.”

After a pause, Du Wei’s lip suddenly curled into a smirk like he was plotting something sinister: “What if we let this spark that could turn into a raging blaze back into grassland? When he does explode, what image can you see inside your head?”

Du Wei’s smile was so chilling that even Guptad was shivering in disbelief.

Subsequently, Du Wei pulls in his smile, in it’s place is a stern yet somber expression: “All soldiers’ attention, our next target is Anglia City!”

With that, he gave Guptad a glance: “Guptad, I have another task for you….. Among everyone here, your martial arts are the strongest. Also, I have no other candidate that I could use here. I’ll give you ten people and one day’s worth of time. Remember, only one day! I don’t care what methods you use, but you must locate the other three groups and have them charge towards Anglia City for rendezvous! I will wait for you there. Remember, my life is in your hands! If you don’t arrive on time, you can be ready to collect my corpse by then!”

Guptad became stern as he accepted the order. Without falter in his actions, this mini 250 swiftly gathered the necessary people and rode away to carry out his command.

After Guptad’s departure, Du Wei then mounts his steed to make his speech to everyone: “Listen up everyone! Awaiting us in front are 20,000 prairie wolves! 20,000 elite Calvary riders! I Sir here will be leading you all here to meet those bastard wolves. I won’t fool you, the chance of us dying from this encounter is extremely high, but even in death, I intend to drag those dead meats with me into the grave!! Is any of you afraid?!!!”

“No!!!!” The Tulip Cavalry all raised their sabers and began crying into the sky.

Du Wei’s face was stern with resolve as he turned to look at the Ziggy and the other magic apprentices: “What about you guys, are you afraid?!”

Leading all 28 magic apprentices, Ziggy and the rest gave Du Wei a deep respecting bow, their voices filled with excitement and emotion: “Dean, since the day we stepped through the doorx of Hogwarts, we have already expected such scenes like today!”

After their words, all of the students suddenly shouted out in unison.

“Those that only know how to climb can take the other road! Those that fear death must not enter!!!”

Watching all of his subordinates before him, Du Wei suddenly tightened his reign as he screamed out: “Onward!”

Watching how organized his Tulips troops were marching, Du Wei looked up into the setting sky. Seeing the blazing red horizon, a sense of unwavering courage flowed through every part of his body.

Unable to stop himself, Du Wei suddenly had the urgency to curse out into the sky using chinese words: “Fuck your MOM, only the eager will win!!!”

“What is the lord yelling about?” the troops were all looking at their prideful Duke, unsure what was going on.

“Who knows … … Perhaps some kind of magic spell?” One of the riders replied to the question.

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 228




Chapter 228 “Surprise attack”

Since Du Wei is already infuriated with these prairie natives, he would of course not be in any mood to answer this Ivory Teeth Shaman’s question.

Name?

What’s the point of being so fancy? Just get to the point and fight!!

After leaving the Shaman flabbergasted with his Chinese swearing, Du Wei took the initiative and made the first move.

Respected by all in the prairie and a white robe shaman directly under the Shaman King, his strength is undeniable to all his peers. Moreover, this Ivory Teeth Shaman is also a well learned scholar in all sorts of fields like: astronomy, geography, and medicine.

However, no matter how upright and knowledgeable this scholar is, Du Wei’s “Your MOM” – spoken in Chinese – is something he simply cannot understand. Just as this old man was thinking the name was very strange, Du Wei already launched a hail of fireballs directly at him.

Looking at the distance between the two, the gap can neither be called far nor close; therefore, is the only way Du Wei can sneak a strike into this hateful guy after exhausting his magic earlier to use the only trick left in his sleeve: GUNPOWDER!

Not saying a single incantation, Du Wei only needed to raise both hands to release dozens of fireballs in rapid succession.

By the time this white robe Shaman realized what was happening, the assault was already in his face: “Despicable!” This was all he could cry out in such short notice.

With that, this old man hastily waves his sleeves and began to slide behind the red skull flag under his feet.

Nevertheless, this despicable move of Du Wei’s is not so easily denied! The fireballs may seem simple at first but that’s not the case. Some are slower, some are faster, some will change trajectory midway, and some will explode upon colliding with another.

So many changing variables isn’t something easy to foresee.

Wave after wave, hundreds of fireballs has already surrounded the Ivory Teeth Shaman from all direction like fireflies in a wheat field…..

POW!

With a single flick of his finger, one of the floating fireballs suddenly exploded.

First is a mini explosion. Then like a domino effect, the rest of the flaming balls all exploded in succession to create a terrifying blast that soon enveloped the entire vicinity near the Shaman.

BOOMMM!!!

If time were to be slowed down at this moment, the onlookers would be able to see that the first flaming ball to explode is the one next to the Shaman’s left rib. From the recoiling blast, several other fireballs soon followed suit and from it, several strange flaming chains appeared to tightly bound the Shaman on the spot. No matter how he struggled during that brief period, the poor Shaman just couldn’t break free!

This move was created following the event where he had to face off against Green Robed Gandalf. After digging deeper and deeper in what he can do, he was soon able to come up with a myriad of changes by using some simple skills he had from his previous life….. Since Du Wei is from the 20th century, his favorite childhood game was tossing marbles during lunch hours. As anyone that played the game, it takes quite the skill to toss the marble to the proper spot, right?

With the sky lit ablaze, this white robed Shaman was instantly engulfed in flames.

Quivering with rage over his own folly, this White Robe Shaman never once thought Du Wei would be so despicable. Unlike this kid, he is someone that participated in the war 20 years ago and had even crossed paths with numerous white robed wizards of the Roland Empire. Compared to those people from the past, this kid doesn’t have a single hint of a master’s style!

Fortunately any Shaman that came down from the snowy mountain – especially someone like him a white Robed Shaman – would have a lifesaving treasure on hand. With a single thought, the beaded necklace that was hanging off his neck instantly turned dark, and from it, a black cloud of air came gushing out of it to cover his entire body….

Nevertheless, the old man’s attempt was still a tad too late.

Mainly because of how vile Du Wei’s sneak attack was, the flames were able burn some important parts of his old body before the black cloud could fend it off.

Although the black smoke did form a transparent barrier to disperse the flames, but when it was all over, this old man was in so much pain that he nearly fell out of the sky right then and there.

Not only was his right arm completely blown apart, the flesh on both his elbows were incinerated to the point where even the white skeletal bones underneath could be seen. Aside from the charred remnants of his white robe, many other parts of his body received certain levels of burns that left it hard to look at without wanting to puke.

Both angry and afraid, Ivory Teeth Shaman kept questioning his own sanity at this moment. He was under the assumption a magician must say the incantation aloud in order to manifest a spell, yet this kid not only didn’t say a single word when casting, he even started a fight without any forewarning.

Since he succeeded once, Du Wei became even more confident. Following his own “Kick you while you are down” logic, Du Wei pulled out two bottles from his robe and uncapped it. Unlike the previous fire element, he is using a water based spell this time to pull out the green liquid inside the bottles…..

And what is this green liquid? It is the corrosive mucus he saved from the corpse eating monster he slayed back in the frozen forest. Compared to a concentrated dose of sulfuric acid, this corrosive mucus is even more powerful because in one of the experiments he did back in his lab, a single drop of this stuff could even burn a hole right through a standard military armor!

Seeing how Ivory Teeth’s figure was starting to emerge from the exploding lights, Du Wei couldn’t afford to overthink this. In one single swing of his hand, the liquid was sent flying towards the intended target.

Poor Ivory Teeth, he was already a mess to begin with after being attacked in such an unexpected fashion; therefore, when he wanted to retaliate, the first thing to welcome his sight was some mysterious green liquid. From the foul smell alone, he can already tell this stuff is not something good!!

Without dallying about, he already had his body dodge to the side. Nevertheless, he was still too late like before. Though his main body was fine in the end, the green ooze still managed to cling onto his right arm’s elbow. Although the pain alone from this repulsive liquid is enough to cause a regular person to faint away, but Ivory Teeth still managed to pull through because he knew that once this is all over, he can return to the snowy mountain and have his flesh regrown and reshaped using the secret arts of his people.

However … … Just when he thought everything would be alright, a strange and unexpected “buzzing” sound suddenly came from his elbow that caused his heart to skip a beat.

Finding his eyes turning dark at that moment, Ivory Teeth didn’t need to think anymore and simply bit down on his tongue. With blood spraying out of his mouth, his sight immediately turned to where the green slime was on his elbow. What he saw next is the scene of his flesh and bone rapidly melting away like an ice cube dunked in a cup of hot water!

The shock this time around is no joke. Ivory Teeth may be able to regrow his flesh after expending some efforts, but if the bone in his right arm is gone too then he really will become a cripple. What’s worse, not only did the slime eat away at his right arm’s wound, the effects of the green ooze seems to be trending upwards towards his chest.

Gnawing his teeth with unimaginable hate, Ivory Teeth really wanted to ignore everything and get vengeance at the kid before him; however, reason still got the better of this old Shaman. Without any doubt or hesitation, Ivory Teeth used his left hand to reach up to his right shoulder and with a single hard tug; he actually forcibly ripped his right arm entirely off…….

Grnack!!

Under the crisp sound of bones breaking apart, a spray of blood rained down from the sky!

While this Shaman known as Ivory Teeth is suffering from immense pain, Du Wei instead had a grinning face of success. Taking the window of opportunity he created, Du Wei already had his sword drawn and was charging it right at the opposition.

Since Du Wei already succeeded twice, there’s no reason he shouldn’t keep going right? In fact, it wouldn’t even make sense if he stopped now. He may have no prior experience in fighting a Shaman before but based on his impression thus far, these shamans shouldn’t be much different from the magicians of the empire in terms of martial skills. Using the mithril dagger he got from the Lister Family, Du Wei intends to end it all with this thrust to the Shaman’s heart.

Ivory teeth may be heavily injured, but his mind is still clear. Seeing how Du Wei was charging at him with a blade in hand, this old guy can already guess the kid’s intent. Inwardly, Ivory Teeth was already filled with absolute hatred towards Du Wei. Not only did the kid sneak so many attacks against him, his right arm is even crippled for good. Even if he does make it back to the snowy mountain and heal his body, Ivory Teeth knows full well his strength will have to take a major blow due to his right arm’s loss.

Thinking of this, Ivory Teeth suddenly screamed: “Despicable Roland men, die!!”

Grinning from corner to corner, this old guy not only didn’t move back at Du Wei’s charging dagger, he even moved forward to tightly grip onto Du Wei’s body.

Poof!

Du Wei’s dagger may have managed to pierce into Ivory Teeth’s chest, but due to the rib cage’s interference, the dagger somehow managed to lodge itself into one of the rib bones halfway in.

Instead of letting out a painful cry like one should in these situations, Ivory Teeth only snickered a maddening laugh.

In Du Wei’s mind, he knew something bad is about to happen if he leaves things be. Moreover, this old guy even sprayed his face with a mouthful of blood that left him worrying about its properties. If it was anything like his green ooze…… Just thinking up to here is sending him into a frantic state. Nevertheless, try as he may like, Du Wei just couldn’t get this annoying old man off his body.

It was at this moment what he feared the most began to take place!

Unlike the weight of a regular old man, Du Wei suddenly found this Ivory Teeth to be exceptionally heavy.

At first he only thought this guy didn’t fit his size, but it didn’t take long for Du Wei to find something was amiss here because the word “heavy” doesn’t do this thin old man justice. If he had to find a word to describe this, it would be a mountain!!

Though he didn’t know the exact weight, but it only took one “phew” sound to reach his ears to make Du Wei realize he and Ivory Teeth is falling towards the ground at high speed.

Again and again Du Wei increased the power of his flight spell, but try as he may; it made no difference in their trajectory. At this point, Du Wei finally started to panic…… “This jerk, how heavy is he really? 1000 pound? 10,000 pound? Falling from such high altitude, even if I don’t die, it’s certain to cripple him!”

Not good, old sir here is heading to the grave today!

Just as this thought flashed across Du Wei’s mind, a warm hand suddenly began pulling against his waist. Looking down, the first thing that came into Du Wei’s sight was a flutter of silver hair. Seeing this familiar scene, Du Wei inherently made a curse: “Semel, you damn woman! Why the hell did you not come out sooner! You just have to wait till I’m about to die here!”

Semel was already holding onto Du Wei’s back with all her might. With her hair and red robe fluttering in the wind, she could only utter these words with a serious face: ”Stupid boy, shut up already… … I … … I can’t keep this up any longer. This guy is too heavy!!”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 232




Chapter 232 “start!!”

When Guptad brought Du Wei over to the unfamiliar unit, the other side quickly got up and formed a defensive formation. Looking closely, the soldiers in front even had their hands on their sword hilt, ready to draw their blade at a moment’s notice.

“Insolent! This is Duke Tulip!” Guptad cries out: “Have your captain come out!”

At his demand, a middle-aged man stepped forward from the crowd. Wearing a standard military armor commonly found on the knights of the empire, this new entry is of medium height with a strong looking build. Based on his walking posture, it’s obvious he is both firm and collective in his way of handling matters: “Everyone lay down your arms and rest.”

With that, this person then came up to Du Wei’s presence and performed a proper knight salute: “Captain of the third cavalry division of Bohan province’s second local police force, Yaluoer pays his respect to the Duke of Tulip!”

Du Wei nodded in return and then carefully looked over this officer claiming to be Yaluoer.

A cavalry captain is considered a lower mid tiered officer inside the military because they are usually left in charge of a unit consisting of 1000 soldiers. Adding in the fact that this guy had a 4th rank warrior badge on his chest, it’s quite clear this person’s strength is considered exceptional within the military.

“Knight Yaluoer, please tell me your reason for coming here today.” Du Wei is still somewhat wary of Governor Bohan. Since the day he stepped into the Northwest, he had already suffered at the governor’s hand. Now that a whole cavalry unit made their way into his Desa Province, Du Wei isn’t certain if these guys are coming with good intent or simply bad will.

“Your Dukeship….. ” This Yaluoer is clearly the conservative type when doing things. Though his face looked slightly exhausted and his voice coarse, the way he spoke still sounded powerful: “I’ve come here at Governor Bohan’s order.”

After a pause, he continued to speak: “We of the second local police division was stationed along the border between the two provinces. Due to the annual spring drill, our unit was frequently moved around….. As for the purpose, I’m sure your lordship already knows…..”

Du Wei smiles at the remark.

Of course he knows. It’s all in order to prepare for the Northwestern Army.

Talking about this, Governor Bohan really is pitiful. Though Bohan’s jurisdiction consists of the entire Nuling province, but due to the influence of the Northwestern Army, he only truly controls half the land in his name. The cause for this is no other, the main headquarter of the Northwest Army is within his borders.

For this reason, Bohan was especially annoyed by Du Wei’s arrival. It was bad enough he only controlled half the Nuling Province, even the second province under his jurisdiction – Desa Province – was snatched away by a kid.

Now that the Northwest Army is getting active again during the spring drill, Governor Bohan can’t possibly let his own garrison forces lay idle now can he?

“You lordship, we received word two days ago saying there were traces of native cavalry troops in your territory! When Governor Bohan got wind of this, it just so happens he was busy overseeing the military drills near the border. Considering the urgency of the matter and the fact that we got confirmed sightings of the enemy in three locations, Governor Bohan immediately sent you a letter….. But it was sent to Loulan City….. Since you’re here, I’m assuming the letter never reached your hands. Governor Bohan said this is an emergency so we can’t adhere to the rules during these times. He also knows you just came to the Northwest and might not have enough troops to quell this attack by the prairie natives, therefore, without your permission, our third cavalry division of the second police force was ordered to search out the native peoples trail inside your territory.”

Speaking up to here, this Knight Yaluoer gave Du Wei a glance: “Although this act of crossing into your territory is improper, but the interest of the overall situation is too important to ignore….”

Du Wei waves his hand in response, his face already donning a sincere smile: “its fine Knight Yaluoer, you don’t need to say more. I’m grateful for your coming! What Bohan said is correct; we should put aside the rules for the situation at hand.”

Unable to stop his emotions, Du Wei really had to hand it to this Bohan. Although they had some small quarrels before, but this guy really is a true patriot to the empire.

At the very least this Bohan would send aid the very moment he gets word of Du Wei’s predicament. For this reason alone, it’s enough to earn his respect.

If it was changed to a jerk in this situation, Du Wei can already imagine the guy snickering behind his back and watching him fall.

Looking at this Knight Yaluoer, Du Wei suddenly noticed this guy only had approximately five hundred to six hundred men in his command, many of whom still had blood residue and battle scars on their armor: “You guys…..”

Yaluoer replies in a calm voice: “Sir, we were already over the border two days ago. On the way here, we came across an enemy cavalry unit and had a brawl with the natives. Fortunately we outnumbered the enemy and was able to repel the invaders. If not for the run in with commander Guptad, we might not have been able to find our way to you.”

Although the knight was downplaying their ordeal, Du Wei can already speculate how savagely brutal the battle was based upon their losses. Starting from a thousand strong, they nearly lost half their men; it’s obvious the causalities were quite serious!

Watching these soldiers from the Nuling Province in silence, Du Wei found that although these men remained quiet as they stood there, they all had a glint of determination in their eyes despite the fact that some of them were still injured.

“We lost over 300 brothers along the way while some were seriously injured. In order to not affect our combat capabilities, we could only send a part of our forces back early.” Yaluoer sounded a little sad in his voice.

Hearing this, Du Wei had his emotions run high. Suddenly, he faced the brave men before him and gave a deep unwavering bow: “The Tulip Family will forever remember your deeds today!”

“You do not need to be so polite Duke.” Knight Yaluoer gave a thoughtful smile: “Our governor said…… Everything is for the empire!”

Being able to let go of small little grudges during critical times have left Du Wei with a different image of Bohan.

” Knight Yaluoer, while we may not have any fine wine here presently, but I guarantee that by this evening we will victoriously enter Anglia City! By then, I will personally host a celebratory banquet for all the brave warriors of the Nuling Province!”

Finishing his words, Du Wei then tasked Guptad to care for these guests while he quietly left with the 28 magic students. Moving a mile away from the forest where a low lying terrain was, he and the students held a secret meeting.

Taking off his wizardry robe, Du Wei then unbuckled his storage bag and began pouring everything out.

Clang… Plop….. Clang….

Gasping at their respected Dean’s action, these students can only watch on as a rainfall of brooms appear before their very eyes!

That’s right, a bunch of brooms! Several dozens of brooms were stacked into a neat pile.

Some were simply left frozen, unsure why the Dean would take so many brooms out. Can it be that he expects them to PK with the Natives using a bunch of brooms?

“These will be your … … ‘mounts’! Come on, try your new mount!” Du Wei declared aloud: “Everyone pick one…. No need to be picky and take one, they are all the same.”

Once every student finished picking their broom with a face full of curiosity, Du Wei also picked one up for himself.

“The method to use these things are very simple. You guys see the six point star symbol on the handle? Insert your magic, that’s right, like a wand. Come on, give it a try. However, make sure you don’t add too much magic at once, if you do, don’t blame me when you break your head! Then put the broom between your thighs….. Like how I’m doing right now…..”

With that, Du Wei was already doing it himself and making a live example of himself….. It must be mentioned that he’s actually quite nervous. Prior to setting off with the brooms, he never actually had the chance to test them himself.

“Like me … … insert your magic….. Then give your legs a slight push off the ground……”

The second he said this word, all the students had the pleasure of witnessing their dean shoot into the air like a meteoric star!

“AH!”

In a blink of an eye, Du Wei’s bodily image was lost before everyone’s eyes as he continued to soar into the horizon, thus leaving behind only the faint echoing cries of an alarming scream.

“What’s the Dean doing?” Some of the students were gawking at the sky, unsure what to make of this.

“No idea … … But he sure flew into the sky FAST!”

By the time Du Wei managed to come back down to the ground, his hat was already lost into the air by the gusting wind.

Bloody hell! He injected his magic way too fast and way too much! If he wasn’t so quick in responding, he would have already smashed into a hilltop!

But when he was coming back, Du Wei already figured out the proper method of controlling the damn thing.

When he landed, Du Wei kept up the pretense of being calm: “You see that….. The thing in your hand can help you fly, no spell required! This is a magic item.”

At this, all the students became strongly interested.

“Ahem … … But be careful. When starting, be sure to hold back your magic and make sure to inject your magic slowly! Otherwise…..” Du Wei pauses, his tone a bit awkward: “You will end up like me before. Remember to hold onto your broom handle. Pulling up is up, pushing down is down, and I’m sure I don’t need to explain what left and right will do. Also…. The more magic you insert, the faster your speed will be!”

This thing really isn’t that hard to operate. At the very least, no other student ended up darting ou into the horizon like he did earlier.

Perhaps the reason was his little mishap earlier was due to his overly high magic reserve…..

In merely one hours’ worth of time, every magic apprentice have pretty much mastered the basic flight maneuvers, while some could even pull off some acrobatic moves.

It must be mentioned that these guys really are talented. It’s like Gargamel said: “As long as one knows how to ride a horse, they can ride these brooms.”

“All right, everybody quiet down!”

When the apprentices came back from their one hour of free flight, what welcomed them are standing piles of dark clay pots with a vine like root coming off the side of each lid.

“What I’m about to say next is extremely important!” Du Wei became serious in his tone: “These brooms I’m giving you are not for fun because in a little bit…. You will be riding them to risk your life! This operation will be extremely dangerous! If any of you want to quit now, I will not stop you! You are my students, not warriors of my family! You have no obligation to die for me.”

None spoke.

Seeing this, Du Wei was very satisfied as he gave this group of faithful students a gratifying look: “Now, take a look at these pots. They are no ordinary pot….. They are lethal weapons!”

With that, Du Wei gently ignited one of the flower vines and then threw the certain pot out into the distance…….

When the devastating sound of that huge explosion drifted into their ears, everyone had a face full of shock and disbelief!

In these students’ eyes, the strength of this pot filled with gunpowder is more than comparable to a low level fire based spell for even the ground was blown to smithereens, leaving behind a shallow pit in its wake!

“From now on, you will be the first……” Du Wei deliberately paused to let his next words sink in: “Aerial combat unit under my command! In simple terms… … Air force! Ladies and gentlemen, please remember this day because your existence will forever change the way we fight wars in the eons to come!!”

After a good moment of silence, every student soon had a face full of unbearable excitement.

“This evening we will ride these brooms over the native’s camp and blow these prairie wolves to dust!” Du Wei’s yell was both empowering and motivating: “You will forever be remembered as the first air combat unit on this continent….. For that, you will get a name. Whenever an enemy hears your name, they will shake, they will tremble, they will FEAR!!”

“You Lordship, what’s our name!” Ziggy excitingly asks.

Du Wei chuckles, his smile unbelievably sinister……

When the sun finally began to set towards the west for the day, Knight Robert felt like his last ounce of strength was drained from his body because the prairie people just launched a frenzied attack that nearly overtook the city.

Looking at the bodies littered across the ground below the wall, Robert could only let out a long gasping breath.

Fortunately, his soldiers’ morale remained intact due to Du Wei’s appearance. Towards the Duke, these people all had a trust bordering on the line of fanatics.

With only one-third of the soldiers remaining to defend the city, Robert knows the final moment has come!

When the last ray of the setting sun left the rampart, Robert finally gave the command to light the shining beacon to hail for help! Under the raging flames that seem to reach into the very heavens, the Tulip Flag continues to bloom under the searing heat!

Further away and fluttering in the night’s breeze, Du Wei has been quietly standing atop of a hillside not far from the enemy’s base camp.

Taking in a deep breath, he then suddenly floated into the air with arms open wide: “Let’s go! Tonight is the night we break the enemy!”

Behind him, a black wall consisting of the 28 magic apprentices awaited his command.

Letting a little grin slip, Du Wei shouted aloud:

“Decepticons, rise up and fly!!”

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 233




Chapter 233 “kill!”

With a blood red afterglow devouring the sky, 28 Decepticons immediately spread apart and began making their way over to the 20,000 strong native army using their new found brooms, each fully stocked with dozens of explosive clay jars.

As for the native army that could only watch this swarm of unknown flyers swoop in from the sky, none knew how to react…. In their minds, they only thought: what the hell are they!

Though Mages and Shamans are both capable of aerial combat, these individuals are usually equipped with enough power to not need assistance. Aside from that, who ever heard of a mage or shaman riding a broom in the air?

But very soon, the natives will never forget the following nightmare that is about to transpire.

By the time Ziggy first made his move, the kid was already a hundred meters into the native crowd. With one hand still gripping his broom handle, he was able to light the fuse on one of the jars using a ball of flame from his other free hand. Then without any hesitation, he pulls a dagger out and slit the dangling pot from his care…..

When the first explosive container came falling down from the sky, the following people down below didn’t even know what to expect. Out of instinct, some of the warriors only slightly raised their shields as a precautionary measure, which they would of course regret……

Bang!!!

With the beginning of the first exploding sound, more than a dozen prairie natives were swallowed up in flames while many more were either injured by the shooting fragments or sent flying backwards due to the aftershock.

It must be mentioned that these makeshift bombs really isn’t that lethal. Even if it was tossed into a dense crowd of people, not many would actually be killed in the resulting blast.

However, what’s most devastating about this new form of weapon isn’t the explosive power it carries; it’s the shock it brings to the recipients!

Just when everyone was still lost in thought over what just happened, the rest of the Decepticons were already readying themselves for the first round of intensive bombing!

Due to the gravity of the situation, Du Wei never got the chance to properly discipline these kids in the way of aerial combat. Without the knowledge of using a proper bombing formation, Du Wei could only watch on as these kids sought out their own individual targets. It must be mentioned that this way of combat really isn’t all that efficient compared to a bombing raid Du Wei saw in the movies.

Nevertheless, the desired effect was still achieved today. The natives were already bunched up into thick crowds to begin with so it didn’t take much for the Decepticons to land a hit!

……

Under the ruthless bombardment, the native army suddenly found themselves in a panic as roaring flames enveloped the entire battlefield while any semblance of order was lost to the wind.

These men may be highly trained warriors, but humans are still inherently afraid of the unknown.

Tallying up the result of the first clash, the death count easily shot up to the thousands.

“Calm down!! Calm down!!!” Gold Wolf Head General rushed out of the crowd and roared. Without any remorse for his fellow brethren’s, he brandished his sword and mercilessly beheaded the two nearest disobeying soldiers: “Everyone spread out!!!”

After his order, he grabbed one of the poor soul’s head and raised it into the air for all to see: “Disobedience means death!!” He shouts with fury in his voice.

On one hand he kept pulling soldiers into his influence, while on the other he also urged the warriors to spread apart and begin shooting arrows into the sky.

Try as he might though, by the time a proper front could be established to retaliate against the swarm of locust like assailants in the sky; all of the Decepticons were already pulling away after the first round of bombing, leaving behind only an angry mass in the background.

Unlike the flying cloak, the greatest characteristic of these era defining Brooms are its speed!

With the retreat of the 28 magic apprentices, the one to appear next is Du Wei!

While his students were busy with the opening act, Du Wei had in fact, spent the first half of the day gathering up every bit of magic in the general area. Under the command of his incantation, a mass of dark looming clouds had begun to gather overhead as sparks began to run wild. For those down below, the new figure wasn’t hard to recognize.

Why is that so?

It doesn’t take much for the natives to recognize the guy that had not only caused devastating damage to their ranks last night, Du Wei is also the nightmarish being that killed their all-powerful Shaman! In these savages mind, the sacred Blood Skull Flag should have been invincible!

Under the short recess of time gained by this reason, Du Wei was able to have an easy time finishing his spell. With a flick of his finger, a roaring thunderous strike came smashing down on the thickest crowd of ants down below.

This earth-shattering loud bang immediately woke the prairie people up from their daze; nevertheless, it was already too late for the targeted archers to react. Almost electrifyingly numbing, numerous enemy soldiers ended up being swallowed up by the thunder strike with many more crying out in painful screams due to being burned alive by the searing flames enveloping their body!

After the attack, Du Wei immediately found his body weakening to the point where it was getting dangerous to stay. Unlike last night where he had the rainbow colored ring to help restore his magic, he could only retreat to the back in a hurry to avoid any mishaps.

At the same time, Du Wei’s team of Decepticons was already readying themselves for a second wave of bombing after reorganizing their ranks!

Unlike last time though, the prairie natives came prepared as they screamed to their comrades to scatter. Despite this, their ranks finally collapsed into a state of confusion after the resulting blasts.

This time, no matter how many deserters were slain by Gold Wolf Head General; none would listen to him anymore.

Intensive bursts of flames continued to wreak havoc among the enemy soldiers and unlike the first wave of bombing, the team of Decepticons had begun to change their strategy.

Dive, roll, evade, these basic skills are starting to become second nature to these fledglings and even more shocking, these kids began to spontaneously gather up into small groups to release a wave of indiscriminate attacks upon the enemy. Seriously though, this should have been expected. Back when these kids trained in the Hogwarts branch, one of the main lessons Du Wei taught them was TEAMWORK!

When countless numbers of prairie wolves fell victim on this wave, many of these ruthless savages finally had their survival instincts triggered and came out of the shock brought on by these new weapons.

Bringing out their bows, many capable of shooting an arrow began to show off their famed horseback archery at the annoying pests in the air!

Although Du Wei’s round of lightning strikes took out the main archery unit within the enemy ranks, this only guaranteed his team of Decepticons won’t be threatened by a strong wave of retaliation from the ground. However, when they dived down to carry out their bombing procedures, these defenseless kids in the air finally started to get into dangerous situations.

Eventually, casualties began to appear. When the first Decepticon was shot down by an arrow, this trainee decided to die than to be taken prisoner! Who knows how he pulled it off but before he crashed into the ground, this brave soul managed to pull himself together and forced his broom towards a heavily armed group of soldiers he noticed at the last moment.

With beads of blood dripping all over his body, he used the last drop of his life to crash into the crowd……

It must be said this Gold Wolf Head General really is unlucky because his personal guards were the only unit left with any semblance of order. As fate would have it, he just so happens to be in the middle of this 300 men crowd calling out orders to respond with bows and arrows……

Just then, a swift shadow came crashing down at him from the front!

Too late to dodge, Gold Wolf Head General suddenly had his heart skip a beat as he subconsciously jumped off his horse. Then the next moment, an intense BOOM came from behind him.

The Decepticon that was shot down still had eight-nine jars of gunpowder dangling off his broom. In his final act of bravery before his death, he lit every jar ablaze and charged directly at the very center of the crowd. In mere moments, a towering ball of flame bloomed into the sky!

Combing the power of eight-nine jars together, the explosive force was over ten times that of a regular blast.

When Gold Wolf Head General rolled to the ground, the very next thing he felt was a monstrous amount of heat coming from his side! This force was so immense that even the horse by his side was lifted off the ground and ended up crushing down on his legs. Not only that, his eardrum was also damaged by the shockwave, thus making it impossible for him to identify what was going on during the miserable wails of pain and blood splatter…..

This Gold Wolf Head really is a character. Knowing the crisis is not the time to be idling by; he forcefully bit down at his tongue to knock himself awake from the shock. Immediately struggling with his hands to push the dead horse off his body, it wasn’t until he managed to climb up did he notice the sharp pain on his legs. It would seem the pressure caused by the dead horse against his body has broken some of the bones in his leg!

Littered with the dead by his side, those lucky enough to live were constantly moaning out in pain as they struggled to survive.

Bleeding inside, Gold Wolf Head’s heart really was aching in pain….. This 300 cavalry unit is supposed to be his elite troops. In the years he’s been roaming the grassland; it was this special unit of 300’s that helped him defeat the countless numbers of hostile tribes!

But today without even the chance to confront the enemy’s main force, his most loyal followers were devastated by the enemy in the sky.

Using his blade to support his near crippled body, he kneeled there as he surveyed his surroundings. What he saw next nearly caused him to vomit blood due to how painful it was inside!

Is this supposed to be the greatest soldiers in the prairie?!!

A mess! Looking far and wide, the only word capable of describing this scene can only be this word!!

While some continues to resist with their bows, too many were simply trying to flee and in some cases, the efforts made by those brave enough to make a stance ended up hurting their own people.

Aside from human causalities, many tents and stacks of hays were churning out thick plumes of smoke due to the flames engulfing the main camp. Like this, even the sky was stained black by the overly thick smoke.

And exactly at this time, the last death bell rang out!!

Woowoowoo…….

A long blowing h0rn sound with unlimited glory and power drifted into everyone’s ear.

For someone like Gold Wolf Head that spent years in the battlefield, it’s only natural he would recognize this sound!

It’s the Roland Empire’s cavalry charge signal!!

Look over at a hillside far off into the distance, an unmoving black dot appears – this is clearly a knight sitting atop of his mount readying to make a charge!

Very soon, more and more black dots appeared by the first one’s side. Like a black tide, the entire hilltop was covered by these figures.

A Cavalry Brigade of the Roland Empire?!!!

Gold Wolf Head found his body quivering uncontrollably as his heart sank.

Sitting atop of his mount, Guptad held his lance as he overlooked the chaotic scene down below. Not only was the native army fleeing in all directions, blazing embers of flame had engulfed most of the enemy camp, leaving only death in its wake.

As a soldier, Guptad only found this to be a great surprise because this is the perfect time to attack!

The charging call is already nearing its end and his fellow knights have finished filing into their positions. With one loud shout, he points his spear to the natives down below and cried out: “KILL!!”

“KILL！！！”

Several thousands of Calvary troops shouted in unison and caused the very earth to tremble.

Then without waiting, Guptad dashed out ahead of everyone and charged towards the enemy with his spear raised. Following in his wake are thousands of cavalry knights, each aiming to kill any whom gets in their way.

Like a dark cloud that sweeps through anything and everything, the earth drumming horse beat would make any men boil with excitement!

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 234




Law of the devil chapter 234 is out!!! CLICK HERE TO READ

Enjoy guys.

In a few days, i’ll officially have two months off from work.

With the extra time, i was thinking of taking up a teaser project, meaning i’ll translate another novel on the side for fun.



Here’s the two options:

1)

a new wuxia like novel that is about a girl that gets vengeance against those that did her wrong. The chapters are really short and tend to be right to the point and very easy to translate. It’s also one of those novels that the character gets majorly powerful. I usually don’t dig these type of novels but there’s something about this one that reminded me of a fairytale like story. Here’s a link to the raw

2)

the sequal to Law of the devil. I only just started reading it and i gotta say it’s turning out to be very good. The story develops much faster than the first novel and he already laid one of the girls in the beginning. Talking about fast paced much. Here’s the link to the raw



Let me know which one you guys like in the comment because i kinda forgot how to do a poll. 🙂



* * *





Chapter 235




Chapter 235 “Sigh of the Frost Moon”

Hiding behind the hilltop, Alpha rested there for a good while to regain his strength and to evaluate the enemy’s combat capacities.

As the general of a whole army, that Gold Wolf Head will definitely have some skilled subordinates standing by. Moreover, Alpha has no doubt that the enemy leader is at least on par with him in terms of skills despite being injured.

If it’s like this, then fighting alone against 600 soldiers and the enemy commander will require some extra planning.

It’s not like Alpha is afraid of the risks involved, after all, even back when he fought for the Rowling family during the coup, he never once flinched when facing off against the Temple’s Holy Knights. What he is afraid of though is missing the target. If he openly attacked, the enemy leader might use his subordinates as a shield and take that window of opportunity to escape; such an outcome is not tolerable!

Must wait for the perfect timing!

Taking in a long deep breath, Alpha then climbed down from the hill and began tailing the natives from afar using his own horse to keep up.

Finally, after persisting for half a day, an opportunity presented itself!

Further ahead on the roadside wilderness, a deserted looking home appeared. Judging by the condition the building was in; it’s likely been abandoned for a long time.

However, what drew everyone’s attention wasn’t the ruined buildings; it was the water well beside it!

When these natives saw this, even those that looked like they were about to die had their vitality reenergized. Like crazed animals, everyone began to swarm up to the well, completely ignoring their surroundings.

In mere moments, chaos ran rampant among their ranks.

Taking advantage of this, Alpha quickly snuck passed the natives and hid himself behind a tangled mass of rocks nearby. Looking out, his heart began to race because what he had waited for so long finally arrived.

A chance!

Those natives had already flocked up to the well, ready to draw the water. However, whenever someone tries to toss the water bucket down, the guy from the back would immediately snatch it away with a heavy kick to the butt.

Back and forth, this ridiculous scene played out endlessly until all their resentments began to boil over after keeping it in for so many days. Like wolves, these people drew their blades and began to face off against their so called comrades with blood shot eyes.

“You bunch of fools!!” A hoarse voice came from the back. Still sitting atop of his horse, Gold Wolf Head sat there and gave his men a painfully sad look: “What are you people doing! Your blades aren’t used to kill your own brothers! Put those blades down!!”

Although he is seriously wounded, but Gold Wolf Head’s oppressive status still carried some weight in these soldiers mind.

Unfortunately, when they finally calmed down and had a closer look at the well, the harsh truth finally came out: It’s dry!

For those unwilling to accept this reality, they still dropped the bucket into the well to test their luck. Try as they may though, the only thing they managed to draw up is a bucket full of sand.

Due to this reason, their last bit of sanity finally cracked. Completely losing their calm, panic and despair completely took root and practically devolved these humans into wild beasts.

Then out of nowhere – who knows which guy was it that lost his mind first due to hunger – someone suddenly began to attack one of the war horses in their group. Hissing wildly at his assailant, the horse wanted to pull away, but sadly that wasn’t going to happen. Holding the reign with an iron grip, the fierce looking man then brandished his sword and began to repeated hack away at the horse until all life left the animal. Knowing he achieved his goal, this person rapidly smashed his head into the gory flesh and then swallowed a giant mouthful of blood.

But before this person could take a second drink, a metallic sheen already arrived at his neck.

Swoosh!

With a clear crisp slicing sound, his head was sent rolling through the air.

Turns out the new entry is in fact the owner of the slain horse. Seeing how his beloved partner was just murdered before his very eyes, this guy wasn’t just going to let it slide, ally or no ally. It must be mentioned that each warrior in the prairie would raise their own mount from childhood; therefore, a war horse isn’t just a steed they use to travel, it’s an irreplaceable entity in their life.

Like a powder keg that was lit ablaze, the situation quickly devolved to the point of no return.

Since the horse was already dead on the ground, those too crazed to think straight began to dive in without any care for the others.

The owner reacted in the same way as before, but when he resisted, the crowd immediately massacred the poor guy into mush. This way, some of the first to move up managed to get a share of the horsemeat.

However, there’s no way a single horse can feed all these starving people.

Following the first example, many more began to eye the other horses in their pack.

Rob the horses! Rob the meat!

Regardless of who it was, these barbarians began to slaughter any horse in their vicinity and attack their own comrades.

“Enough!!!”

With unbridled fury, Gold Wolf Head ignored the pain striking at his leg and jumped down from his mount. Then using his own weapon, he beheaded the two closest fighting men next to him.

Gushing out a fountain of blood, the two headless bodies slowly fell to the ground, never to move again.

“All of you stop this now and lay down your arms!!” He bellowed his words allowed.

Unlike the first time where he managed to calm everyone down, his maneuver this time actually had the opposite effect.

Before long, Gold Wolf Head suddenly found himself standing before a group of unfamiliar faces, each with eyes full of venomous greed.

“What are you all doing!!”

Noticing the situation wasn’t right, the 100 loyal guards immediately moved up to stand beside their leader, each with their blades drawn and ready to fight.

“What bullshit Gold Wolf Head!” Spitting out a mouthful of foamed blood, this soldier began to scold in a mocking voice: “The reason we lost this battle and lost a shaman was because of you. When we go back, your entire family will become slaves, yet you still dare yell at us like that!”

When the others heard this, they also began to follow up with more reprimanding words.

For those more courageous: “Why not just take his head and bring it to the Roland people, this way we won’t get punished and might even be rewarded!”

Seeing how sparks were flying between both sides, the guards loyal to Gold Wolf Head brandished their blades, ready to move up if any of the confronting soldiers tried to make a move……

“Infighting?” Hiding behind the pile of rocks, Alpha sneered at the scene: “They truly are savages.”

Tightening the grip on his sword, he was just about to move in when……

Suddenly, the sound of galloping horses drifted over from the far off distance. Judging from the dust cloud kicked up in the air, the oncoming group should be of significant size.

Like reflex, the two opposing parties immediately stopped the hostility they had towards each other. With nervousness in their eyes, the group huddled together and reformed their ranks while facing the Northwest direction where the noise was coming from.

“What are you all idling there for, hurry and mount your steeds!!!” Despite his current image, Gold Wolf Head’s order still carried some weight.

Nevertheless, it was already too late.

Knowing the chance had slipped his grasp, Alpha immediately hid behind the rocks again when he had already took two steps out.

Sighing, Gold Wolf Head thought: Is it the enemy? If they chased us all the way out here then we are finished, there’s no way we can outrun the pursuers like this.

However, when their distance shortened, the general was utterly surprised to find that the flag flying in the air was black.

Black Flag?

The Northwest army!!

Numbering at around 2000 strong, Gold Wolf Head should have been happy to see who it was, but this experienced general can tell the other party didn’t come with good will. When they finally made contact, this unit wearing complete sets of black armor from the Northwest Army immediately flanked the natives on both sides and created a circular formation, thus leaving no room for escape.

With cold eyes, these cavalry soldiers waited there in silence as if they were looking at a flock of sheep, ready to be slaughtered at any moment.

Still hiding behind the pile of rocks, Alpha found this unit from the Northwest Army to be extremely weird because the air they gave off was cold, so cold that it was numbing……

Finally, when the oppressive pressure nearly crushed these natives, a cold voice came out from the Northwest Army.

“Further ahead is the respected Gold Wolf Head general?”

Following suit, the cavalry riders of the Northwest Army made an opening in their ranks and what came forward is a young knight riding a perfectly black steed. Alpha tried to get a clearer look at the mysterious figure, but unfortunately the guy had the upper part of his face hidden behind a metal mask, leaving only the mouth uncovered..

Nevertheless, Alpha figured the person is of a young age based on the voice he heard, this much he is certain.

Watching the young knight, Gold Wolf Head had a complicated expression on his face: “Turns out to be the young general! May I know why General Rugaard sent you here today, is it to intercept me and take my life?”

Sitting atop of his black steed, the young Knight may be smiling, but his eyes clearly had a flicker of cold light in it.

“Gold Wolf Head general.” This person referred to as the young General seems to smile: “Indeed, it was my father whom sent me here today, but… … He gave me two different orders.”

Sensing danger, Gold Wolf head clenches his blade: “What, does the general intend to go back on our agreement?”

“No need to make it sound so bad.” The young Knight shakes his head: “My father always lectured me in how there’s no such thing as an everlasting alliance. The so called trust is only built on one’s self interest.”

After a pause, this person’s voice even seemed sweet to the ear as he gently laughed: “My father gave me two orders: first is if you win, I will welcome you and even escort you back to the grassland. Aside from that, I will even take over the job of exterminating the survivors inside Anglia City! As for the second order….. If you unfortunately failed, then that’s a shame. Entering the empire’s territory without permission, the Northwest Army will need to take your head in order to make up for our negligence. Think about it, the Northwest Army sacrificed blood and men to repel the enemy and even took the head of the famed Gold Wolf Head General; don’t you think the ending is perfect?”

Speaking up to the end, this person’s eye already has a clear burst of killing intent in it.

After hearing those words, Gold Wolf Head knew his end is near. Nevertheless, he is someone that survived many hurdles. With a sad smile, he puffed out his chest and glared at the young knight: “The strong devours the weak; I knew you Roland pigs can’t be trusted! When the situation looks bad, you will definitely backstab us.”

“Dear Gold Wolf head general… … Us Roland people are like this, but aren’t you prairie natives the same?” The young knight showed no signs of losing his temper while sitting atop of his mount: “But, I’ve always respected the strong. As the strongest warrior in the royal court, I will give you the honor of dying under my blade.”

With that, the young Knight leaps off his horse and swiftly removed his helmet: “Gold Wolf Head, I’ll give you an opportunity to have a fair duel with me. If you win I’ll let you leave, either way, father wouldn’t reprimand me much anyways.”

“Really?” Life immediately burst out from the general’s eye. He may have been prepared to die, but no one in this world is going to let such a chance slide.

“Of course!” Although this young knight already removed his helmet to reveal the flaming red hair underneath, but he was still wearing the face mask, as such, the only indication of his mood was the faint smile he had.

With that, he raised one hand.

At his order, the 2000 Northwest Army soldiers also raised their lances in unison and pointed it towards the 600 native riders.

“Don’t be nervous.” Looking at the nervous bunch before him, the young General gave a disdainful smile. Waving his hand, the surrounding cavalry knights silently pulled their horses back to expand the encirclement.

Unable to decide what to do, Gold Wolf Head’s expression was sometimes somber, sometimes suspicious, however, after his initial waver, he finally made a decision.

“Even if the guy is lying to me, so what? Its just death! At least I will have the chance to take another with me! The kid is the son of the Army Head, such a partner in death is perfect!”

Finishing this thought, Gold Wolf Head raised his blade into the air and pointed up at the sky. Suddenly, he uttered out a battle cry unique to the natives of the grassland.

EEAAHHH!!!

One of his leg may be broken, but as of this moment, he looked nothing like a crippled old man, instead, the mighty warrior he was so well known for once again resurfaced: “Come on kid! Let’s see if you got the skills to back up your words!!”

When his voice died down, many of the prairie wolves behind him began to shout out in cheers, after all, the enemy did say they can leave if their leader wins the duel.

Crackle… … Crackle … …

Watching the rising momentum of his foe, the young knight seems oblivious to it all. Very slowly, he also drew his blade and simply stared at the crippled general before him.

Feeling uncomfortable at the intense stare, Gold Wolf Head suddenly charged forward with a yell and attempted to strike down at the kid before him.

To be ranked as the Gold Wolf Head, this warrior of the grassland is of course extremely powerful. The instant he made his move, a reddish flaming hue already broke out from his sword to indicate the Dou Qi used in his attack.

In one loud thud, Gold Wolf Head’s strike had already landed. Despite his effort, the attack was easily blocked with a wave of the young knight’s sword.

Though it didn’t work, the strike wasn’t all for naught because the young knight’s foot was firmly pressed into the soil due to the impact.

In a flurry of maddening cries, Gold Wolf Head made another series of attacks that left even Alpha gasping for breath at the sight.

This Gold Wolf Head really is strong! One strike stronger than the last, there was no room for retaliation.

In one single breath, this native general managed to pull off 10 consecutive hits that sent sparks flying with every contact. In the end, even this young knight had to involuntarily move back.

Compared with this giant like Gold Wolf Head, this young General of the Northwest Army seems to have been overshadowed. However, no matter how powerful or fast Gold Wolf Head’s attack was, this young knight seems to be able to deflect it without so much as a cut.

Panting, Gold Wolf Head is starting to run out of energy. He was originally injured to begin with, adding in the long days of travel and the sudden outburst of attacks he made, it’s no wonder the blade in his hand is starting to get heavy. What disturbed him though isn’t the fact that he couldn’t take down the enemy before him; it’s the fact that the kid was able to stop all his attacks with ease.

Noticing his foe was out of strength and was injured on the leg, the young general decided to take several steps backward to regain his composure.

“Is this all you’re capable of?”

“Quit yapping your nonsense!” Gold Wolf Head suddenly takes in a deep breath as his eyes turn red. Then out of nowhere, his arm that was holding the blade began to expand till it was twice its original size. Meanwhile, the blade in his hand also began to reverberate with a humming sound of intense stress.

Jumping up into the air, Gold Wolf Head made another attack like an eagle shooting down at its prey!

At this, the young general of the Northwest Army finally revealed a look of surprise and the sneer that was dominating his mouth all this time finally turned into a smile of excitement. Taking another step back, he suddenly kneeled down on one knee and raised his sword to block…..

Keng!!

The clear crisp sound that came off their contacting swords seems to be able to pierce everyone’s eardrum. For those unfortunately enough caught in the shockwave, they were sent rolling off their rolling back several meters.

Claclack…..

Under the blinding red light, Gold Wolf Head suddenly heard the sound of something cracking. Then before he knew it, the blade in his hand shattered into numerous pieces. In the end, he was sent flying back after coughing out a mouthful of blood.

Slowly standing up, the young knight’s breathing may sound rapid, but he was nowhere close to being injured: “Truly powerful…… It’s a shame, if you weren’t injured, you would have been able to last a bit longer under my sword.”

With that, this young general suddenly revealed a weird smile on his face while aiming his sword at the defeated foe before him. Without any indication, a silvery light erupted from his sword that gave off an eerie chill to all the bystanders.

Before anyone knew it, the sword looked like it was engulfed in a layer of ice and snow.

In a whistling sound, the young general was already sweeping towards the native leader with the icy sword in hand.

Seconds later, the frost from the sword intensified till it was a storm and instantly transformed the giant warrior into an ice statue.

Standing behind the pile of rocks, Alpha nearly gave himself away with a reactionary shout after witnessing the scene before him.

Retracting his sword, the young general of the Northwest Army slowly came up to the ice statue and gave his opponent a cold and indifferent laugh. Then with one fell sweep of his sword, the head of this once famed Gold Wolf was lopped off!

Since the body was already frozen to the core, there was not a single drop of blood to be seen.

Then picking up his trophy, this bone numbing young knight looked into the eyes of his beheaded foe and said: “You’ve really let me down. Humph, what Gold Wolf Head, merely a warrior of the seventh rank……”

With that, he gently tossed the head to the side and had his subordinates store it into a bag.

Already mounted, this young general then turns around to look at the remaining native soldiers with their disbelieving eyes. In addition to being hungry and thirsty, this group of 600 was already at the brink of collapse, adding in the fact that their leader was just murdered before their very eyes, the only emotion left in their minds now was despair, total and utter despair.

“Kill them all … … Leave none alive.”

Leaving behind this sentence, this young general was already gone.

And behind him were the painful cries of death and carnage.

Standing behind the pile of rocks, Alpha made sure to hide every spec of his presence. Nevertheless, his sight instinctive went towards the direction of where the young general had gone off to.

This young Knight … … is strong! Really really strong!

That Gold Wolf Head should’ve been similar to him in strength, yet that young knight….

What exactly is his level?

Especially the last move he used!

Captain Alpha’s heart sank at the thought.

The reason is because he recognized that move and even had the pleasure of witnessing it in action before!!!

Rodriguez!!!

There’s no doubt about it, it’s the signature move used by the Rodriguez, the saint knight!!

Sigh of the Frost Moon!!

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 236




Chapter 236 “The weasel makes a visit”

By the time Alpha made his way back to Anglia City alone, the battlefield was already swept clean of the dead with only several vultures circling above the sky. Nevertheless, a strong scent still permeated the air due to the deep saturation of blood in the soil.

As he drew closer to the city, the first thing Alpha saw wasn’t Du Wei’s welcoming presence, it was something else entirely unexpected.

From the site where the native army made their camp, hundreds of cross shaped wooden posts were erected into the ground with a captive tightly bound to each one.

Out of curiosity, Alpha decided to take a closer look, but when he did, the scene caused him to skip a beat!

Stripped of their clothes, every single one of these prisoners was drenched in blood while their palms were nailed against the cross shaped posts behind them with wooden stakes!

Though a majority of these people were still alive, many had already passed away due to the searing sun above their heads – this is the main reason why there are so many vultures in the sky.

And sitting nearby is Du Wei and his 10 guards, each with a face full of murderous intent.

“My Lord, this is the last batch.” One of the Tulip knight whispered these words from the back.

“Good, load the carts.” Du Wei nodded: “Remember to give them some food along the way so they don’t fall dead, understand?”

Bowing in acknowledgement, this cavalry knight then moved away to carry out his orders.

After closing in on horseback, Alpha first dismounted before coming up to Du Wei.

“You are finally back.” With eyes full of warmth, Du Wei gave a welcoming smile towards this uncle Alpha: “I thought you had left me.”

Alpha was silent for a moment before shaking his head: “Young master, since I promised Mr. Raymond, I will not leave your side until the day of my death.”

Du Wei may be smiling at the reply, but it was obvious his smile carried no happiness in there. Walking up to Alpha, he then looked over the loyal retainer of the Rowling Family and noticed how exhausted Alpha was: “Let’s talk inside. I think your disappearance these past few days must have some special reasons behind it, right?”

Nodding, Alpha then suddenly looked over to the prisoners: “They…..”

“It was I who ordered them to do this.” Du Wei softly uttered these words: “Since these animals invaded our home, I don’t intend to keep them alive to waste our food. I had them pinned to these posts so the patrolling soldiers can take them along to the villages scattered across the province. This way, we can send a clear message to everyone what the consequences are when they harm our people!”

Indeed, this idea is a good method to win the hearts of the citizen and build up prestige.

Sighing inside, Alpha somehow found his heart getting mixed feelings over the change in Du Wei. Unlike the young master that would hide away in the library, this young man before him was getting colder and colder with each passing day.

And now the lives of thousands of prisoners were decided by him on a whim.

Then again, Alpha isn’t the type to show mercy to his enemies anyway. After a few glances at the group of dying men, his eyes quickly returned to normal: “Young master, I was pursuing that Gold Wolf Head.”

“Oh?” Du Wei eyes lit up. After sweeping clean of the 20,000 soldiers, this battle could be called the first big victory in the Northwest after 20 years. The only pity in it was the escape of that Gold Wolf Head: “You chased……”

Du Wei was just about to ask if he managed to catch the guy, but looking at how empty handed Alpha was, he quickly changed his words: “It must have been hard on you, let’s go back to the city first.”

Alpha shakes his head: “I can’t claim it was difficult. I did manage to catch up to the target, but the chance to take the target’s head never presented itself. However, I came across something even more amazing.”

Inside the former governor mansion of Anglia City, Du Wei and many more carefully listened to the entire story from Alpha’s mouth.

When they heard how the Northwest Army intercepted the fleeing Gold Wolf Head, everyone present began to make indignant rants about the whole ordeal.

“What a crafty Northwest Army!”

“How hateful!”

“Despicable!!”

For a short time, the one to yell the loudest was Guptad – also known as mini 250.

Unlike everyone else, Du Wei remained indifferent after hearing the story: “This is not surprising. Switching to me, I would also do the same….. This General Rugaard can be considered responsive if he can move so fast, humph!”

It wouldn’t be much if only a small contingent force was allowed into the empire to search the villages like before because there wouldn’t be any evidence afterwards, but this time is different. Not only did they let a whole army containing tens of thousands of troops into imperial territory, the enemy even besieged a city! This is treason, a crime that warrants death!

Such big news cannot be hidden for long and the central command will definitely get wind of this!

Although the capital’s grasp over the Northwest have been waning these past years, but at the very least the Northwest Army can still be considered honest thus far.

Therefore, this maneuver the Northwest Army made is an obvious danger signal. Though it’s not open rebellion, but it’s just a matter of time now.

Since it’s like this, General Rugaard’s move of taking the enemy general’s head is likely a stall tactic to gain some more time until he is ready to make his move.

Watching his outraged subordinates, Du Wei buoyantly smiled: “Hmm, if my calculations are correct, the ones to take credit for beheading the enemy general should already be on the way to the capital.”

“Take credit?!” This mini 250 suddenly growled aloud in frustration: “They still have the face to take credit? Our brothers wouldn’t have died if not for those bastards, yet they still have the nerve to take credit? Those treasonous bastards should be hanged!”

Du Wei didn’t get angry as he watched Guptad: “They had long betrayed the empire. If we really had the ability to hang them, do you think the military would put up with them for so long?”

“But…… They shouldn’t be able to swing it into a reward, right? No matter what, letting the native army in is treason, a crime that warrants death!” Guptad’s face was pink red with anger.

Du Wei laughs coldly: “And what else can we do? Humph! Don’t you know that Gold Wolf Head is one of the four great generals of the grassland? Let me ask you Guptad, do you remember the last time someone achieved such a feat in the last 20 years?”

“But the enemy was killed by us! The city was defended by us! And even those that died are our people! If anyone is going to take credit for this, it should be us!” Speaking up to here, Guptad added in another sentence: “Also Governor Bohan too because he sent his own troops to help us!”

“So what … … Gold Wolf Head died under the Northwest Army’s hand.” Du Wei sighed again: “Both the central command and the Northwest Army doesn’t want to fight, as such, this gesture of taking credit is just a way for both party to come to an understanding…… Don’t worry, they will only get a few complimenting words and maybe some money as a reward.”

Guptad is after all a ruffian, the only way he can release his frustration right now is to stamp the floor with his feet: “Damn it, I just don’t get it!”

With that, this fierce warrior waltz out of the room to vent his anger.

Looking at Knight Robert, Du Wei said: “Robert, go follow this mini 250, don’t let him do anything rash……”

Smiling at his words, Robert replied: “Commander Guptad may have a bit of temper, but he’s not one to be rash. At most he will just whip some of the prisoners to vent his anger.”

“Then that’s good. If he’s going to whip the prisoners then let him, even better if they die because of it.” Du Wei’s finger began to knock at the table, his lip showing a weird smile: “Oh Rugaard ah Rugaard ah, what exactly is in your mind. You may be able to quell the anger back in the capital, but there is still the prairie king. Even if you can calm that beast, there is still the Shaman King; are you not afraid of the Shaman King’s vengeance? Oh snowy mountain….”

Thinking of this, Du Wei looked at Alpha: “Uncle Alpha, are you really sure that Rugaard’s son was able to use Ice Dou Qi? The Ice Dou Qi of Rodriguez? But from what I heard, Rodriguez is self-taught isn’t he?”

Alpha shakes his head; Rodriguez had always kept a low profile so his origin is not well known.

Du Wei sighed and thought: he can only wait till he meets Rodriguez to get a proper answer.

Back when Hussein returned from the Frozen Forest and brought back the legendary sword “Beauty under the Moonlight”, this saint knight also brought news of how the dragon prince’s intends to come seek revenge and how Rodriguez will swear allegiance to him after being persuaded by someone.

But just who is that mysterious person? To be able to convince a saint knight, that person’s ability must be in a league of his own.

What Du Wei didn’t know yet is that the mysterious person is in fact Mr. Blue Ocean, the famed scholar back in the capital.

Aside from this, he also didn’t know that Mr. Blue Ocean’s real name is in fact Blue Ocean’s Moon, also a disciple of the Snowy Mountain!!

But more importantly, Du Wei is still unaware of the fact that the book he found in the secret tunnel is in fact written by Mr. Blue Ocean’s teacher, also known as Gu Lanxiu the former Shaman King!!!

“I understand then … … To think Rugaard’s son is a master martial artist….. What’s your opinion on this Uncle Alpha, do you think he reached the saint level?”

Alpha shakes his head: “Probably not, but…… Compared to me, I’m afraid I won’t be his opponent. From my initial assessment, I can say he’s at the ninth level while I’m only at the eighth rank.”

“Oooh, what a young genius.” Du Wei smiled oddly: “Our Hus…” At this word, he suddenly coughed once: “The traitor of the temple, Hussein, wasn’t even at the eighth rank when he was that young, and he was said to be the strongest knight on the continent. If Rugaard’s son was so powerful, why didn’t we hear of this before?”

Alpha lowers his head: “It’s my fault young master, I wasn’t thorough enough when gather intel on the Northwest Army.”

Du Wei shook his head in disagreement: “It’s not your fault, maybe it’s because the other party was too low key up till now. If they wanted to hide this fact, it would have been extremely difficult for you to know.”

After staying in Anglia City for the next few days, Du Wei finally got word from his men that the Northwest Army stationed outside Loulan City has finally withdrawn. Like him, Longbottom and Hussein also heard of the big battle in Anglia City, therefore, the two quickly hurried over with their group to meet up with Du Wei.

Everyone was just as angry regarding the backstabbing actions of the Northwest Army, but what else can they do? The other party is simply too strong right now.

Going over the matter with all his men, they decided to have Longbottom and Guptad lead two forces to scour the entire Desa Province for any remnants of the native army.

And in the end, Du Wei made one other strange command.

“Have someone ready a carriage … … I’m heading out. Then send the order down to have a banner made for me! It must be as gorgeous as possible without any room for doubt…… As for the content of the banner, I want a couple of big words on it!”

Alpha wondered: “Young master, what do you want to write and what’s the banner for?”

“Of course as a gift.” Du Wei sneered: “Hero, and a model to follow, the bigger the better!”

Alpha can already vaguely guess his intent by now: “Young master, you…..”

“I want to make a visit to meet the infamous general Rugaard.” Du Wei smirked; “It’s impolite of me to not meet him in person even after spending one year here. Since he’s not willing to come to me, I might as well go to him.”

With that, Du Wei gave no room for Alpha to object and simply waved his hand to send the knight away.

“Du Wei, what are you planning?”

Only Hussein and Du Wei remained in the room.

“I want to see that old bastard.” Du Wei smiled: “We really suffered a heavy blow this time because of that blasted Northwest Army. If we don’t give them some trouble for all this, how am I supposed to keep my head high in this place?”

Hussein frowned: “But you going in person to meet him…. Aren’t you afraid that you will become a sheep in a lion’s mouth?”

Giving a strange smile, Du Wei explained: “Since the Northwest Army took the initiative to kill that Gold Wolf Head, it means Rugaard doesn’t want to rebel yet….. Although the move is very clever, but it also exposed his limit! Instead of harming me, he will even do the opposite and try to protect me at all cost. If I were to get hurt in his place, you can damn well expect his plan to fall apart!”

At this point, Du Wei slowly and casually said his next words: “Thinking about it, another month is about to be here…. If I’m correct, the next Dragon prince should be making his entry in the next few days. Why not let the 200,000 soldiers in the Northwest Army act as my bodyguard?!”

Letting out a sinister laugh, Du Wei looked absolutely evil right now: “Have the men spread the word, say Duke Tulip is making a personal visit to General Rugaard of the Northwest Army. I want to make sure that dragon prince knows I’m there!”

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 237




Chapter 237 “win-win”

The news of Du Wei going off to “reward” the Northwest Army really did spread like wildfire. For those that didn’t know the ins and outs of the whole situation, these ignorant fools really thought the Northwest Army earned some great merit.

Although the Tulip soldiers held some criticism towards this gesture, but Du Wei’s ever expanding influence over these people eventually suppressed any grudge roaming through the ranks.

Spending over two days to prepare the huge gift, Du Wei then had Alpha attach the magnificent looking banner to a gigantic pole stretching as high as seven to eight meters in height. Using a carriage and four healthy looking horses, Du Wei intends to make the trip like this with only 200 guards accompanying him to the enemy’s roost.

Some had raised doubts over the small security team, but Du Wei quickly explained his thoughts for this: “I’m going to the enemy’s den, bringing 200 or 2000 won’t make any difference when the other party has over 200,000 soldiers standing by.”

As he closed in to the Nuling Province, he made sure to openly display the banner; in fact, he was so forceful about showing it off that even the neighboring villages outside his travel route got wind of it.

This was especially true when he finally entered Nuling Province. Out of his own deliberation, he intentionally slowed down his pace to test the water because he wanted to know the Northwest Army’s reaction to his coming.

Though Governor Bohan didn’t make an appearance when Du Wei entered the old man’s territory, but this loyal subject of the empire did send word to the local garrison forces that they are to protect Du Wei and his convoy along the way.

Back when the battle for Anglia City came to an end, Du Wei’s aid, Philip, already rushed over with a letter written by Bohan himself. This letter should’ve been in Du Wei’s hand long before the battle began, but because he wasn’t in Loulan City, the matter was pushed back.

As for the context inside the letter, it was mostly explaining how Governor Bohan went ahead and sent his own troops into Du Wei’s territory without permission to fight the native soldiers roaming the Desa Province.

Other than that, there wasn’t much else besides one other phrase: “For the state!”

Bohan believed that even if he doesn’t explain it in detail, Du Wei would still be able to grasp the meaning behind that one phrase.

Just like how the old man predicted, Du Wei’s first reaction when he read the letter was appreciation and gratitude.

“My Lord, we will soon be inside the Northwest Army’s sphere of influence after we pass that small town ahead of us.” Sitting next to Du Wei, Philip was looking out the window with a faint sadness on his face: “Since I brought it up, I really feel sorry for Governor Bohan. He may be the governor of Nuling Province, but he only controls about half the province under his name. Also, he’s constantly under the pressure of the Northwest Army stationed inside his territory; it must be difficult for him.”

“Oh?” Du Wei gave a faint smile.

Phillip points his finger out the window and sighed: “Your dukeship, look outside…… To be honest, the more I learn about the terrain and state of affair in the Northwest, the more envious I become of Governor Bohan! Looking at it from a geographic standpoint, the Nuling Province is way better than our Desa Province. At the very least, they don’t have to worry about the threat of the natives because we are there to act as a buffer. Then looking at the land, Nuling is way more fertile than our Desa Province. You can see it in their population; it’s twice the size of our province! Though with your dukeship’s wealth, money and food isn’t an issue you can’t solve; however, the main problem we have is our soldiers!”

When he got up to this point, Philip looked towards Du Wei to see if he should continue. Seeing there was no discontent on his lord’s face, Philip felt it was safe to continue speaking: “My lord, even if we round up the numbers in our rank, the soldiers under our command is at best 20,000. I know you are a bit dissatisfied with the recruitment method of General Longbottom, but you should also think about it. There are only so much people in our territory, 800,000 to be exact. Even if we openly recruited, how many more do you think we can get? Let’s assume every family out there contributed their most abled body man to the cause….. Let’s not discuss the possibility of that happening….. But if it did, the number still wouldn’t be that significant. According to the calculation of me and my brothers, 50,000 troops should be the limit we can manage. Discounting the old, the young, and the women’s, we could forcefully conscript up to 300,000 young men, but such a feat would no doubt cause panic to those down below! Unless it was a life or death situation, that idea is out of the question.”

Nodding in acknowledgement, Du Wei didn’t rebuke because he already knew all this way before Philip brought it up.

Considering the population in his own territory, the idea of creating a 200,000 strong army is extremely difficult.

“More importantly, there is a bigger problem on our hand.” Phillip smiles wryly: “Even if we want to recruit soldiers, we won’t be able to out recruit the Northwest Army. My lord, did you forget the wartime decree?”

Standing between two provinces, the Northwest Army may have over 200,000 soldiers under their banner, but life and death is something unavoidable, as such, there will always be new and retiring soldiers moving in and out of that gigantic entity.

Of course, the biggest influx of flesh blood is usually derived from the locals living in the Northwest.

In accordance with the war time decree, once every two years, the Northwest Army is permitted to recruit new soldiers in order to replenish their ranks. Even more troubling….. The wartime decree states that the Northwest Army gets priority over the new recruits if the matter coincides with the local garrison forces.

This way around, the difficult job of recruiting new soldiers in this sparsely populated land becomes even harder.

“This is why I’m so envious of Governor Bohan.” Philip smiled painfully: “Nuling Province may be home to the Northwest Army, but its greatest asset is its population, its way bigger than our Desa Province! What this mean is that the possible candidates capable of joining the army also increased exponentially ‘if’ the Nuling Province was ours. According to my calculations, pulling in 100,000 soldiers shouldn’t be a problem at all and it also wouldn’t have any adverse effect on the territory. My lord, my biggest concern right now is the season for recruitment. It’s not the main season at the moment, but when the New Year rolls around, the Northwest Army will be making their rounds across the land. When that happens, we can expect quite the headache.”

“I understand your words, but you can’t just increase a population at will. For a parent to raise a child to adulthood, they will need at least 10 to 20 years. And if we follow conventional means, the time frame needed to increase our population will likely take three to two generations. Assuming we did encourage the citizens to procreate…… Do you think a family will pump out so many kids if they can’t afford it?” Du Wei shakes his head: “Philip, I’ve been thinking about all this from many angles and found that there are so many problems hindering us. Adding in the issues thrown at us by the Northwest Army….. It gets even harder!”

Smiling sadly, Philip replied: “Your honor, I think we should talk with Governor Bohan. Though you two don’t get along too well, but after what happened back in Anglia City, I believe this is the turning point for us. Bohan may be a bit of a power hog when it comes to authority, but he is still loyal to the empire. At the very least, our stance coincides with him regarding the natives and the Northwest Army. He got the people we lack; we just need to find a way to help him tap into that resource for us.”

Money is definitely not the issue here because Bohan was able to come up with the auction system. Then there’s only one reason left as to why Bohan is facing so much trouble when recruiting more soldiers: his status.

Unlike Du Wei whom is a Duke and a noble, Bohan is only a governor.

According to the blasted war time decree, the wage and food supply of the local garrison forces must be distributed by the Northwest Army, meaning Bohan must send the money up before his own men can receive their wage.

A similar example to what Bohan is experiencing should be Sin City where Du Wei is snatching a lot of his new recruits. Before Du Wei came along, the soldiers stationed at that prison could barely feed themselves, let alone be properly equipped.

On this point, Du Wei is luckily able to bypass the problem faced by Bohan because a noble as big as a Duke can conscript his own private army.

“It wouldn’t be bad to cooperate.” Philip smiled: “You are free to build up your military power and Bohan can rid himself of the salary constraint placed on him by the Northwest Army. Win- win, right?

Du Wei was interested now: “Elaborate!”

“When the autumn conscription rolls around, we can make a deal with Bohan. According to imperial law, cross province conscription is permitted so long as the proper paper work is sent up to the high command. Considering your status and popularity, I believe those in the capital wouldn’t make things difficult for us.”

“And Bohan is going to agree to all this?”

“That is the key here.” The way Phillip was laughing right now is extremely sly and cunning, almost like Du Wei when he’s scheming something… … It must be because Philip spent too much time around Du Wei.

“We can make an exchange with him.” Philip explained: “Unlike him where he is constrained by the war time decree, we are perfectly capable of bypassing it. If you negotiate with him…. For example: he can take half the soldiers we draft.”

Du Wei is a smart man so he already knew what Philip was getting at: “What you mean is that he can take half the soldiers and use our ‘Tulip’ name to mask the issue. This way, those soldiers will still be under his command while bypassing the hindrance from the Northwest Army, right?”

“Correct.” Philip softly replied: “If that Bohan is not at ease, we can just let him appoint the commanding officers. Also, we can even build a military base camp along the border of the two provinces and have the troops stationed there….. If we go that far, what else can he complain about?”

“Good idea!” Du Wei did not dilute his compliments: “Philip, you are growing into a fine aid.”

Smiling in satisfaction, Philip continues to speak: “My lord, this is a good idea, but we still need Bohan to nod. Given Bohan’s personality, that guy might put a crazier condition forward, HAHA.”

“Let him put all he want.” Du Wei smiled: “If he wants some benefit, I be happy to give him. Anyways, I owe him this much when he went as far as to sacrifice an entire unit for me….. Besides, I’m not lacking money.”

“Then without further ado my lord, pen a letter and I will make a visit to the governor right away.” Philip urged.

Du Wei thought for a moment and shook his head: “No, it’s best not to leave any evidence behind for this type of thing. Who knows what would happen in the future, it might become lethal. I will personally make a visit to Bohan on the way back.”

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 240




Chapter 240 “Piercing assassination”

Rugaard smiled: “Of course! How can I neglect a guest’s entertaining?”

With that, he clapped his hand.

At his signal, several soldiers then strode in with a large wooden box and gently laid it down onto the ground. Unlike the usual square shape one would expect, this thing is like a diamond.

Then following suit, a gnome like figure that is likely shorter than Rugaard came out from beneath the banquet stage

Though this person of dark complexion had stubby looking arms and legs, but he did have one hell of a big head. Wearing a hilarious looking robe, his garment looked like it was woven together by using different fabrics. Then there was that long ponytail behind that head, is it touching the ground?

Alright, let’s forget about the garment and hair, but you simply can’t ignore that face. Packing a ginormous nose, the poor guy looked like his eyes and mouth were pushed to the side, thus making him look extremely weird because of it. Probably a tribal native of the Southeastern Sea based on his appearance.

Once he was in front of everyone, this gnome first made a bowing gesture to Rugaard before doing the same to everyone else. After that was done, this person turns out to be a mute from the hand language he was making.

Nodding, Rugaard said: “Begin then.”

Lifting a part of his robe, this gnome pulls out a flute from behind his butt and begins playing.

Short and weird, the sound coming off from the flute should have been eerie to the ears. But the more they listened, the more comfortable it became. Pulse by pulse, their bodies began to involuntarily follow the beat like an impulse reaction.

When Du Wei heard this sound, a strange thought came to mind so he studied the gnome carefully like he was looking for something.

Magic?

Flashing something across his eyes, Du Wei’s eyebrow unconsciously wrinkled up. Every note this gnome played was clearly infused with magic, but it was different from the type commonly found on the Roland Continent.

It’s like the music itself could arouse the audiences mood to the users liking.

At this moment, the box in the middle silently opened. Following the beat, a silky smooth arm like a young lotus root slowly stretched out from the inside. Almost like it was without joints, this arm began to move according to the music.

The skin complexion on the arm wasn’t very white, more like a chocolate black. Nevertheless, the luster coming off from the skin was so brilliant it was like satin.

Subsequently, a foot lifted out of the box. With a slender instep and a tight arch, every toe was a marvel to behold that left the viewer breathless.

As the foot continues to stretch out, the entirety of her long slender leg was finally revealed when it gently touched the ground. Then with one push of her waist, the women inside stood up with her back facing the box.

The moment she came out, everyone inherently gasped for air and some even gulped without realizing it.

Wearing a crimson short dress, the upper part of her gown was both tight and small that left her delicate waist exposed to the crowd.

Just like that on all four with her back facing the ground, this woman began to move that alluring body of hers. Almost like a snake, every wiggle she made was powerful yet not stiff.

Then there’s that leg of hers. No matter how difficult her posture was on the ground, she would never lose her balance and even made some sexy poses along the way that would have been deemed impossible for a modern day gymnastic.

As the tempo of the beats began to increase, the woman suddenly leaped slightly backwards and landed on one foot, all the while keeping the other balanced in the air behind her. Pressing her palms against her chest, she then began to slowly dip forward. This should have been extremely difficult, yet she made it look so easy in how steady she held herself.

Then to finish everyone off, a part of her full bodied breasts could be seen under that deep ravine behind that short gown of hers. With every panting breath she made, those mounds would jiggle with clarity that left no doubt about how big and firm they are!

Without indication, the woman once again made a backflip and instantly pulled out two golden bells from the diamond shaped box. By the time she stood up again, the woman already had one on her left wrist and right foot.

Her figure truly was stunning, so stunning that it was hard to look away. Not only was her waist flexible, she also came equipped with a pair of explosive breast that could hook onto any man’s spirit. In the eyes of all, her figure is bordering on the line of perfection. Now, if only she would remove that gold mask hiding that face of hers.

Soon afterwards, the woman stopped her showing off her body and began to dance according to the gnome’s flute play. The crowd originally thought her poses on the ground were a good illustration of how flexible her body was, but they were proven wrong. Every spin, every step, every leap, and every action she did looked like it was from a fantasy. Those elastic and powerful legs, those plump delicate arms, her entire being is a burning flame, a flame that incites a man’s coveting desire to control her every particle. Just imagine taking a woman like that into bed, what kind of difficult positions can the pair do when all barriers are broken……

Many of the generals in the Northwest Army were already hypnotized by this woman. Fixating their lustful eyes on her body, their face looked like they wanted to swallow her whole if they can.

Smiling smugly at the scene, Rugaard turns to Du Wei and asked: “Du Wei, is this woman passable to the eye?”

Du Wei slightly laughed: “General Rugaard, this private collection of yours is truly precious! I’m guessing you got her from the Southeast? I heard that the native girls born from the Southeastern Sea is naturally gifted with flexible bodies. But now that I’ve witnessed it myself, I fear even our Roland Empire’s ‘snake girls’ is not comparable!”

Pleased at his own achievement, Rugaard’s face was so proud when he talked: “This girl is a slave I picked out from the batch Totoro brought in. Prior to today’s performance, I never showed her off so if the Duke likes it, I can gift her to you.”

Letting out a small chuckle, Du Wei replied: “I wouldn’t dare. Since she is the general’s collection, how can I take her?”

Pretending to be displeased, Rugaard follows up quickly: “What! I and your father are former comrades; I’m no different from your uncle. Besides, I never touched this woman after I bought her so she’s technically not mine yet. Even if I give her to you, it’s not much!”

Just as his words died down, the girl suddenly jumped back a bit. Using that snake like arms of hers, she reached up and wrapped her hands around her bundled hair. Then with a slight tug, that long black hair of hers was untied and began flowing over her shoulder..

At the same time, the flute tune became even more rapid. When the girl heard the change in the tempo, she suddenly stood on one foot and began to spin around! Faster and faster, her body soon became so fast that her fluttering long hair created afterimages that blurred out her body.

Just when the crowd wanted to applaud, Du Wei’s face changed: “General, be careful!!” He whispered the word in haste.

The instant he finished the warning, the rotating body of the girl suddenly shot out two silvery objects right at Rugaard’s face!

Without premonition, this change caught everyone off guard that none could react in time.

Right before the two silvery objects landed on Rugaard’s face, the army head instinctively grabbed for the plate in front of him and used it as a shield.

Pang-pang!!

Following next is the piercing sound of two silvery objects landing into the table next to Rugaard. Looking closely, it was two silver hairpins!

In one delicate shout, the girl had already stopped her rotating spin and made a jump towards Rugaard with more needles clipped between her fingers!

“Assassin!!!”

Up with a scream, the two general sitting closest to Rugaard had already pounced towards the woman.

Letting out a grunt, Rugaard himself stood up and slammed his hand down against his own table. In one loud bang, the table flew up and shot towards the woman in the air.

Unable to dodge while in mid jump, the woman can only use her silver pins to scratch at the incoming object……

Screechhhhh

Splitting in half, what came next is the foul odor of corrosion coming off from the two broken pieces of wood that was once used as a table.

What a powerful poison!

Du Wei’s eyebrow picked up!

By the time his sight went back to the masked assassin, this once delicate looking woman had been surrounded by more than 10 armed generals.

“KILL！！”

Under that order, the generals pierced their sword into the woman at the same time! Strangely enough, not a single drop of blood came out of that youthful body; instead, a flash of golden light erupted and what should have been a delicate body suddenly turned into sand…….

This sudden change shocked everyone except for Du Wei. Sneering at the cheap trick, his eyes were filled with curiosity.

Meanwhile, Hussein was already in front of Du Wei with his sword drawn.

As for the gnome playing the flute, he was already under the custody of a team of soldiers that had rushed in after the commotion. Screaming a few times like he was trying to say something, this gnome suddenly tilted his head and blood began to drip out of his mouth.

“General……” A soldier took one look and was surprised by what he saw: “He … … He’s dead.”

Rugaard’s face was dark as all hell, same goes for all the generals present in the room.

All of a sudden, the mood in the room went silent.

Holding their breath, everyone was looking at General Rugaard to await his order.

Giving the gnome another look, Rugaard waved his sleeve and coldly said: “Guhuaduoluo…… I leave this matter in your hands! Where was this woman bought from, by whose hand….. Find out everything!”

Guhuaduoluo hurriedly accepts the order.

Rugaard then glances at Du Wei. Forcing a smile on his face, he said: “Du Wei, I’ve let you seen a show today.”

Du Wei faintly smiled and said, “Don’t mention it General… … You garrison defends the Northwest, it’s only natural that there are people finding you to be an eyesore. However, general’s ability is high so of course you wouldn’t be afraid of these despicable characters. It’s just…..” Pausing for a second, Du Wei whispers: “Looking at that woman and the flute player, their ability seems different from our Roland Empire’s magic. Maybe……. The Snowy Mountain……”

Speaking up to this point, Du Wei closes his mouth and looked up to see Rugaard’s reaction.

Sure enough, Rugaard’s face slightly changed for the worse before he hid it away again: “Who cares what they do. I, Rugaard have been roaming the Northwest for 20 long years. Am I supposed to be afraid of them?! Humph! It’s a shame they ruined our mood today…. Someone come! Bring Duke Tulip down for rest and we will host another banquet tomorrow.”

Disbanding on bad terms, Du Wei and Hussein was escorted to a faraway house inside Watt City. Regarding this place, Du Wei was very satisfied because the 200 subordinates he brought along was also stationed in this house. Seems Rugaard doesn’t think he will try anything while at their home base.

Ordering his men to secure the ins and outs of the courtyard, Du Wei then closed the door to his room and began discussing the event with Hussein.

“That assassin really is from the Snowy Mountain?” Hussein watches Du Wei.

“I don’t know.” Du Wei honestly replied: “I’m not the Lord, how would I know? It’s just a speculation of mine. That tune from that gnome seems to be able to make the listener become despondent to their surroundings and weaken their reaction….. And that woman……”

Du Wei suddenly frowned: “Don’t you think her body’s flexibility and coordination is too great?”

Hussein raised a brow and didn’t reply.

Watching Hussein’s reaction, Du Wei smiled: “Don’t get me wrong, I have no intention of discussing woman with you. Humph, you’re a blockhead without any interest in the opposite sex, I’m well aware of that much. What I mean is…. Don’t you find it suspicious in how she was able to train her body to flex like that?”

Only then did Hussein understand Du Wei’s meaning, “Star Dou Qi!” His face turning white at the thought.

Du Wei nodded and then spoke in a deep voice: “The entry level Star Dou Qi martial set you taught me is similar; both requires the user to perform difficult poses. However, the level that woman showed off today is way above what I can do.”

Hussein immediately shakes his head: “Absolutely impossible! In this world, only I’m fluent in using Star Dou Qi! The stuff you know is merely the entry level basics so there’s no way others will know about it.”

“I didn’t say it must be Star Dou QI. I just think it’s a little odd.”

Awhile later, someone came in to report that the Northwest Army is making their move. Mobilizing all their forces, the soldiers are searching through every house in the city for the assassin.

Hearing the report, Du Wei had his people go down and smiled at Hussein: “Seems Rugaard will be busy for quite a while….. I’m also wondering about that woman. How did she turn her body into a pile of sand and disappear? Even if I don’t know what type of magic that is, I would have at least heard rumors of it before. If that’s the case, it’s likely Shamanism from the Prairie.”

After a pause, Du Wei smirked: “To show his loyalty to the capital, Rugaard killed Gold Wolf Head and offended the prairie natives in the process. I’m willing to bet this assassination attempt is a way for the natives to get revenge.”

“There’s always loss when there is gain.” Hussein nods: “If it really is the prairie natives coming to get revenge…… Then maybe…..”

“We must not intervene!” Du Wei sighed: “I also hate Rugaard and hope he dies too…… But you have to understand the problem. As of right now, Rugaard cannot die!”

Hussein is skeptical of this.

Du Wei shakes his head: “Hussein, a lot of things aren’t so simple. For a giant entity like the Northwest Army, there are 200,000 people and a dozen or so generals under Rugaard! It’s not ideal for us that the Northwest Army is united, but at the very least the Northwest region won’t fall into a chaos. Now imagine Rugaard disappearing and the generals below him getting into an internal conflict. At that time, we might not just be having a civil strife on our hand; we might be facing the full force of the native army with their knives pointing at our back……”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.





* * *





Chapter 241




Chapter 241 “Reversal of the situation”

Hussein frowns: “If you say it like that then is there no way to deal with the Northwest Army?”

Du Wei smiles: “No, the Northwest Army must be dealt with, but to completely annihilate 200,000 soldiers is impossible. At the very least…. We must keep Rugaard alive until I can hammer my own nail into this land……”

With that, he goes over to the window’s edge: “Chaos will certainly ensue! But the important factor at play here is how will I benefit from this, that’s the key question. If possible, three stable years would be optimal in strengthening my control. When that time comes, I would have the ability to clean everything up. But now…. That’s not going to happen!”

Hussein was silent for a while before speaking up, “Let’s put aside the topic then. Earlier at the banquet, how did you snap that Black Gold Tread Bow? I couldn’t figure out what you did! Even for me it would be impossible to do so without utilizing my Dou Qi!”

Du Wei lets out a ha-ha laugh before turning around to pull out Hussein’s sword – a steel enforced blade.

Using his finger to flick at the blade’s edge to see if the recoiling sound is crisp, Du Wei then stroked the blade back and forth for a moment: “Watch carefully.”

With that, he backs up a step and raises the sword into the air. Using the same finger, he flicks at it again.

Hummm!!!!

At that sound, the only part remaining in Du Wei’s possession is the sword handle. As for the rest of the once solid blade, it is now shattered into multiple pieces and scattered across the ground..

Hussein’s face turned white at the scene: “You … … When did your martial skills reach such level?”

Du Wei began to laugh: “You’re not able to figure it out? Seems this trick of mine wasn’t a waste of time after all, ha-ha-ha!”

At that, he threw the remaining sword handle away and opens up his palm to reveal a black crystal.

“This is something I only recently came up with. I call it Rust Iron Crystal. Hmm, the name is a bit tacky, but that doesn’t mean its use is limited!” Du Wei smirked: “Of course, I didn’t come up with the original formula. It was passed on to me by that Old Alley back in the capital. Really though, that old man is nuts in the head. Using one of his formulas, I added the substance into a magic crystal along with some special potions to create this thing. The end result is what you see in my hand. Oh, don’t look down on it just because of its appearance….. As long as I’m holding this while rubbing my hand against a metal, I can insert some magic into the crystal and have it slowly drain away the metal elements inside the object!”

Du Wei then explained: “According to Master Alley’s research, for example a rock, contains many different types of earth elements. The more and condense the earth element, the harder the rock will be. And in metals, the same logic applies. The only difference is that the element is not earth, but rather a metallic substance. If we were to remove that substance from the metal, the item in question would decay and become vulnerable to breakage. At that time, one only needs a small amount of force to destroy the object in question!”

He lifts his hand and smiled: “All I did was hide this small little crystal in my palm while I deliberately rubbed the so called Black Gold Tread Bow. Then spouting some pointless words to drag out the time, the bow would of course snap!”

Hussein pops his eye out: “This thing is amazing! If we got this in our hands, no weapon in this world will be a threat you!”

Du Wei sighs and bitterly laughed: “It’s not that amazing. This thing seems magical from the onset but is actually another impractical product. There are two weaknesses. The first being that it takes time……. If I didn’t intentionally drag out the duration of my contact, it would be useless. Think about it. If I were to do what I did during a fight, do you think my foe would give me the opportunity to carry out my plan? If anything, my opponent would have chopped me into pieces the moment I got close…. In addition, this item inherited the greatest characteristic of Master Alley’s inventions, it’s absolutely expensive! Ignoring the manufacturing process and the equipment’s needed to pull off the procedure; just the material ingredients needed to create this item is astronomical in terms of pricing!!”

Taking the crystal into his hand, Hussein sighs while looking at it with a disappointed expression: “If you say it like that then this thing really is useless. It’s not bad if you use it to occasionally scare someone, but it’s pointless in the end.”

“HA-HA.” Du Wei picks up the thing again and smiled: “And, it only works if you insert magic into the crystal. If you can’t use magic, then it won’t work even if you place it directly onto a metal and rub it till next year.”

But after a pause, Du Wei continues to talk: “That’s not the point of this thing anyways. When Master Alley gave me the formula, it was clearly indicated in the text that this invention wasn’t meant to destroy other weapons……… Instead, the old genius was trying to create the world’s toughest metal for his goal of crafting the world’s ultimate sword! But no matter what he tried, he simply couldn’t find the right material. In the end, that crazy old lunatic came up with what you see here.”

Du Wei holds up the crystal: “This thing is designed to draw the ‘metallic substance’ out of a metal. Just imagine…… If I take this thing and go around draining every weapon I find to further increase the density of this thing, would there be another alloy in this world capable of matching it?”

Hussein really turned white this time!

However, Du Wei quickly destroyed Hussein’s hope: “Don’t be too quick in jumping the rope….. I’ll tell you now; this thing is another failure. Back in the lab, I wanted to see for myself in how hard I can get this crystal to become. Therefore, I had it drain an enormous amount of old armor and weapons back at Anglia City…… Alas, when I used a sword to test its durability, I was greatly disappointed by how easily I was able to chip off a corner. You see, this invention is impractical and would take who knows how long and how much alloy to finalize.”

When night came around, Du Wei ordered his men to lock the doors but even then he can still hear the clanking footsteps of soldiers running through the streets. It appears the Northwest Army wasn’t through with their search yet.

It’s to be expected. Having his face slapped in front of Du Wei like this, Rugaard must be fuming with anger.

Continuing their conversation till the middle of the night, Du Wei finally decided to call an end to their discussions by heading back to his room. However, he immediately halted his steps when he entered……..

Though the bedroom is smaller than what he is used to, but considering they are in a fortress city that is meant to house soldiers, it’s already luxury class.

But what made Du Wei frown wasn’t the size of the room, nor was it the shabby furnishing….. It was……

The sharp silvery hair pin tightly pinned against his throat: “Is there a need? If you wanted to hide at my place then just hide, this house is so big. If you stayed in one of the many barns here, nobody would have even noticed you for several days ……”

From the darkness next to him, a super alluring figure slowly emerged from the shadows. Unlike the dream like encounter during the day, that explosive rack and curvy body was much more realistic this time around, especially that small tiny waist…….

Oh crap, it’s so small and tight!

Using her delicate and weak voice, this woman made a hushing sound: “Don’t make any noise…. Come in and shut the door behind you.”

Sighing, Du Wei slowly walked in without showing any fear on his face.

“You … … Sit down.” This woman may be covering that face with a mask, but based on the sound of that voice, her age is definitely on the young side.

Finding a chair to sit down, Du Wei completely disregarded the fact that the hair pin was still tightly pinned against his throat.

“Why?” Du Wei whispered, “Assassination is a job of skills. Since the first strike failed, you should have run as far away as possible and not be standing here to amuse me….. Are you that confidant in your ability? Or do you not even know who I am?”

“You’re Duke Tulip!” The woman began to pant like she was in pain.

Du Wei frowned: “Are you hurt?”

Tipping slightly to the side, the woman’s body clearly had some problems.

“Do not ask!” The woman slowly pulls back a step and took the seat next to Du Wei. The women wore very little clothes to begin with and now that she is up close and leaning towards him, our lucky Duke here can get some good glimpses at those tabooed parts.

I know who you are, you are Duke Tulip! Throughout the entire northwest, the only one that can stand up to Rugaard is you!” Her threat sounded serious, but there wasn’t enough intimidation.

“So what?” Du Wei rolls his eye back: “You want me to help you?”

“I want you to take me out of the city!”

Du Wei intentionally smiled: “You kidding?! You only need to move a little and your entire body will turn into sand….. Such an amazing spell, why aren’t you using it?”

“I … … My spell cannot be used a lot, Besides … … It’s not like what you think!” This hot woman smiled warily: “The one you saw during the day is a fake I created with my spell. I can use my clone for assassination, but I have no way to send my real body out of the city, understand?”

Du Wei chuckled: “So what’s this, a threat?” He looks at her with pity: “Do you think a silly thing like that can threaten me?”

“My silver hair pin is coated with poison.” The woman’s voice turned cold: “You may not die from a simple stab wound, but I guarantee you will not live long after being poisoned by my toxin.”

Du Wei became very happy in his laugh: “Oh, there’s also poison eh?”

He suddenly lowered his head to sniff the hair pin: “Humph, not bad at all. The aroma of Yeelay Flower masked the pungent smell given off by Dunmay Nuts….. Ah, yes, there’s also a hint of Malo Mushroom Powder mixed into the concoction, am I right? Hmm, looking at it in terms of potency, the toxicity is indeed very strong. What you said is true, I will most definitely die if you prick me with it….. In fact, you can even kill a horse or two if you wanted to.”

This woman seems to be taken by surprise over Du Wei’s speech. Although her face was still covered by the mask, but those eyes gave her away: “You … … Can smell it?”

Du Wei proudly laughed as he glanced at the girl: “Humph, how old are you? Your body sure grew well…. But that voice is too tender. Sixteen? Eighteen? Let me tell you. When you were still crawling in your diapers, I was already studying medicinal herbs.”

The woman became angry at his words: “Nonsense … … How old are you!”

Du Wei smirked and didn’t reply. Technically he’s not lying because he did start his studies at the tender age of three. To say she was still in her diapers is not an exaggeration.

“Enough of your crap, are you going to agree to my demand or not?!”

Du Wei can feel the silver hairpin pressing in against his throat even further. Nevertheless, he didn’t panic. Curling his lips into a sinister smile, his sight fell upon that explosive chest and sexy waist for a very long time without uttering a single word.

The female assassin was used to being stared at by dirty old men, but the gaze coming off from Du Wei somehow made her feel unusually uncomfortable, almost like her clothes were stripped away. Twisting her body to a more reserved position, she asked in an agitated voice: “You…. What are you looking at?!”

“Let me tell you a few things.” Du Wei sighed as raised his hand into a three finger gesture: “Firstly, I never yield to threats! If you had kneeled before me and begged….. Or got naked to seduce me, I perhaps might have agreed to your demand. After all, among all the women I met, you are by far the sexiest one I came across. My god, what did you eat to grow those breasts, and that waist, damn! Secondly, I can forgive a mistake, but I cannot forgive ‘foolishness’. From what I can see, you are of the ladder. People always say women are all chest and no brains, this phrase is a perfect fit for you! Those breasts of yours are certainly big enough, but sadly your brain is too stupid! Thirdly….. Do you really think I would be so easily taken hostage by you? If I did, would I still be called Duke Tulip?”

The woman seems to be tongue tied by how angry she was.

Just when she wanted to do something, Du Wei looked up at the ceiling and casually said: “Hey Semel, she is going to kill us soon. Are you really going to sit idly by and watch?”

The second his voice died down, the female assassin suddenly felt her hands going numb. Then without indication, the silver hair pin in her hand flew into the air and impaled itself into the ceiling board.

Slowly patting his sleeves, Du Wei casually stood up and faced the female assassin: “I’m really wondering what your IQ is right now. With your intellect, you dare come out to assassinate……?” He shakes his head.

Wanting to rush up due to the insult, the female assassin suddenly found her body restrained by an unknown force.

Standing behind the girl, our red robed Semel stood there with a strange smile on her face: “Is it because you know I’m around that you feel so unthreatened?”

Smiling in return: “Our lives are linked. If I die, you die!”

Semel grunted and disappeared into thin air.

“You … … Who are you talking to! Is there someone else here?” Unable to move her body, the female assassin revealed a trace of fear in her voice. In her view, Du Wei looked like he was talking to someone behind her, but when she turned her head around to look, there was no one!

“Quit struggling.” Du Wei smiled: “You’ve been bound by an intermediate binding spell.”

Du Wei then leaned against the chair, his eyes full of enjoyment while looking at the girl before him: “Now then, I have a few questions I like to ask you…. Remember, I don’t like lies. I’m a magician so I know if you are telling the truth. If your answers are satisfactory, I may consider letting you go, otherwise…….”

From Du Wei’s face, a devious smile emerged: “Every lie you make, I’ll strip a piece of clothing off your body!” After he says this, his gaze rampantly ogled up and down over the girl’s body: “Then again, there’s not much to strip anyways!”

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 242




Chapter 242 “I’m happy!”

“You’re evil.” Semel’s bantering voice came from the back of his mind: “Must you tease the poor girl so? I recall Old Chris gave you the ‘Eye of Enchantment’. Using that, you could have made her divulge everything without any resistance.”

Du Wei’s mouth curled into a smile, his answer was very simple:

“It pleases me!”

“The first question.” Du Wei sat upright, his face stern while looking at the little prisoner before him: “Tell me … … What training did you do to get such a great body?”

“……? ? ? ? ?” The female assassin was probably in shock because she never thought the first question proposed by this noble would be such a silly one.

Du Wei saw how stupefied the other side was so he continued: “My patience is not so good. If you don’t answer, I can immediately start my task of stripping your clothes away.”

“…… I practice a special type of Taijutsu.” Finally, the female assassin caved in. Listening to her voice, it was obvious she was gritting her teeth when speaking.

Once she was done, she stared nervously at Du Wei. Although her mask covered the majority of her face, the fear and worry in her eyes cannot be hidden.

But … …

Du Wei deliberately made a sighing sound: “I’m sorry … … The answer is too general, I’m not satisfied with it.”

Under the exclaiming cry of the female assassin, Du Wei casually flicked his fingers to remove the binding on the girl. However, before the female assassin can get her thoughts together after realizing her body was free again, a sharp ripping sound came from the location where her top skimpy garment should have been.

Zzzzitttttt

Next thing she knew, her upper garment was in shreds and her naked breasts were open for all to see!

Du Wei watched on with great interest as the female assassin squealed in great surprise. He really had to hand it to her. Seeing those breasts without any cover was a sight to behold: big and round, yet firm and bouncy, truly the definition of an eye candy.

Hmmm … … It’s actually the incredibly rare “Bamboo Shoot” type……

Du Wei’s laugh became even more devious while the female assassin struggled to cover up her breasts with her arms.

“You!!! Despicable!!!” The female assassin wanted to shout aloud but was interrupted by Du Wei’s threat: “Go ahead and scream. Come on. When my men outside hear the commotion, they will rush in all at once. Let me remind you, all my subordinates are men. If you don’t mind flashing your body to two hundred men in their prime, then by all means, go ahead and scream!”

Sure enough, this intimidation was more effective than anything else. Upon hearing his words, the female assassin quickly closed her mouth and crammed herself into a corner of the room, all the while trying to keep her breasts covered from Du Wei’s lecherous eyes.

But unfortunately… … Her “natural capital” is just too good. By contrast, her slender arms are too small.

Enduring his urge to laugh, Du Wei sat in his chair and whole heartily watched on as the girl gave him a good show.

“Well then, why don’t we continue with the questioning? I believe with that lesson you will know how to properly answer me.” Du Wei coughed once to clear his throat: “Same question as before, where did you train your body?”

“… … Snowy! Snowy Mountain!!” Female assassin pressed down her voice and howled at Du Wei.

“Why do you want to assassinate Rugaard?”

“Because Rugaard killed Gold Wolf Head and betrayed the agreement between him and the people of the grassland.”

“What is Snowy Mountain and who is your leader?”

“Snowy Mountain is the Holy Land of the Shamans … … Our leader is the great Shaman King.”

The female assassin has been completely defeated.

“The last question.” Du Wei smiled: “Your name.”

“Eir… … Eir Aoi, my name is Eir Aoi.” Female Assassin’s voice was full of weakness.

(To make it easier to read, I will just call her Aoi.)

Du Wei laughs a little and suddenly stood up, his eyes beaming a strange light. Then gently lifting one of his fingers, he swayed it back and forth at the female assassin.

Zzzzitttttt

Under that ripping sound, the last cover to hide the female assassin’s most important part was forcibly removed from her body.

Following a loud scream, the female assassin’s voice already sounded like she was crying. Then in desperation, she used one arm to cover her breasts and the other to cover her lower part: “I … … I already answered your question, why did you … …” Her face full of humiliation as she asked this.

“Because I want to see!”

Du Wei showed an absolutely ‘for real’ face and gave a very scoundrel like reply.

The answer nearly caused this girl called Aoi to faint.

“You see … … Isn’t this much better?” Du Wei’s mouth curled into a broad smile: “Someone once told me a woman usually tells the truth when they are naked. And … … Your body is not only very tempting; you also seem to know how to show off your charms in the best light. During today’s banquet, you clearly used your body to seduce the audience; in that case, I will look as I please.”

Aoi no longer called out; instead, she gave Du Wei a hateful stare: “You….. Are you done looking yet!”

“No.” Du Wei made no attempt at hiding his scoundrel like thoughts.

Meanwhile, Aoi wanted to puke blood as she struggled to keep herself from fainting.

In a shameless smile, Du Wei continues to press on: “Your body is in great shape, the best I’ve ever seen. As I recall, whenever a man comes across such a fine body, they usually want to do something else besides just looking…..”

With that, Du Wei stood up.

Female assassin really is frightened now: “Don’t you come here … … I-I will kill myself!” Though she says this, but the hiccups in her voice wasn’t very convincing.

The truth is Du Wei really wasn’t afraid of the girl committing suicide.

Just when he wanted to say something else to mess with this female assassin, a discontent voice came from the back of his mind: “Enough, this much is enough. Are you really going to use such means to deal with the girl?”

Du Wei did not reply, his sight landing on Aoi’s slender leg.

Although the room’s light wasn’t very bright, but under this degree of light, Aoi’s long legs was even more alluring as she tries to curl herself into a body. Her action may not had been intentional, but moving her legs like that is a perfect way to entice a man’s desire to conquer!

Suddenly, Du Wei spoke again, his gaze focused entirely on the female assassin: “You must think my methods are very despicable, right?”

“You … …” Female assassin hatefully replied: “You’re a contemptible scoundrel!”

“Oh, so I’m a contemptible scoundrel for using a ‘woman’s’ asset against you.” Du Wei stretches out his voice and pretends to sneer in contempt.

Pointing his finger directly at the female assassin’s face: “You, did you not use your womanly charms to carry out your assassination attempt?”

Aoi was at a loss for words.

Du Wei really was sneering this time: “So it’s fine for you to use your womanly trait to kill others, while I’m a despicable scoundrel for doing the same? Let me tell you, its woman like you that I hate the most! Hypocrite, a total hypocrite!! You listen and listen carefully…… If you use your assets as a bargaining chip, then you better be prepared for others to do the same to you because the choice is yours! Don’t shamelessly scold someone for your own decision, understand?!”

After saying that, Du Wei points to the window behind the female assassin: “You can pull down the curtain from the window and cover your body. Don’t worry; I’m not interested in you.”

Despite his goodwill, the female assassin suddenly rolled hers eyes and passed out on the ground.

Du Wei was stupefied for a second: “Semel, you see? She at least has a sense of shame for passing out like that after my scolding.”

From the back of his mind, Semel seems to sigh at his comment: “Your thought pattern is really hard to understand.”

The event of an assassin appearing in his room caused those down below to become tense for a good while. But instead of making a big ruckus out of the whole ordeal, Du Wei ordered the event to be hushed up and to have the girl stashed away into a crate.

“Don’t give her food or water. Two or three days of hunger won’t kill her.” Du Wei doesn’t seem to have a sense of kindness to the opposite sex: “Just keep an air hole open to not suffocate her.”

The enemy is the enemy. Regardless of the gender, they are all the same.

“Snowy Mountain… … Interesting.” Du Wei sighed.

The room only had him and Hussein inside: “What’s your take on the matter?” He asks the Saint Knight.

Hussein thought for a moment: “I don’t know. We have close to no information on this so called Snowy Mountain.”

“Wait till we go back, this female assassin will give us some information.” Du Wei sighs again at the troublesome situation: “But then again, I’m beginning to feel lucky that Alpha didn’t take the native general’s head. Letting the Northwest Army take credit for Gold Wolf Head ended up saving us some trouble.”

When the next day came around, Du Wei got up very late. By the time he did wake up in the afternoon though, he was quickly informed by someone that there was a messenger waiting for him outside. The messenger was already here by the morning, but because Du Wei was still asleep, the messenger didn’t dare wake Du Wei up and could only wait in the living room.

As usual, the person to come is none other than the fatty Totoro.

Totoro no longer looked as well as he was a few days ago. For an assassin to appear during the banquet, the pressure hanging over his back is more than what this fatty desire.

Although his peers wouldn’t believe Totoro is a traitor that colluded with some outsiders to kill the Army Head, but…… This charge of “failure” is enough to make the fatty suffer for a good while.

“Duke!” Seeing Du Wei walk into the living room, Totoro promptly stood up to receive the Duke: “General Rugaard sent me here today to invite your Dukeship to go on a hunting trip.”

“Oh?” Du Wei was slightly stunned: “Since its General Rugaard’s invitation, then don’t mind if I do. General Totoro, please wait a minute while I change my outfit.”

Pausing, Du Wei suddenly dropped his voice and asked: “One last thing … … Just wondering if the female assassin is caught yet. When I was sleeping last night, I could hear the clamping of soldiers running through the streets the entire night.”

Totoro’s face immediately turned ugly for a few seconds. Pausing in his words, he shakes his head: “This … … Not yet. Duke, this event outraged General Rugaard and because of that, the soldiers in charge of security were harshly whipped for their incompetence. Also, there are the people involved with the assassin and the slave girl themselves. Aigh, such a shame, those beautiful girls that I bought…..”

Du Wei blew a whistle: “Seems General Rugaard is not the type to be gentle to the opposite sex. Ruining a good flower is a true crime. I must advise the general today when I see him.”

Only then did Totoro show a smile: “Duke, the general’s mood is not very good. The people around him can’t speak up so only you can persuade the general. After all, you are an important guest; the Army Head must give you some face.”

Du Wei suddenly moved away from the subject: “For today’s hunt, the brave generals from last night’s party will be present right?”

Totoro smiled: “General Shrek offended you yesterday so he likely won’t be able to participate today. Since he’s being punished by washing the outhouse for a month, I can assume he’s there right now.”

Du Wei pretended to let out a sigh: “Such a shame… … General Shrek’s archery is truly superb, I didn’t want to offend him yesterday, but a bet is a bet, there must be a winner. Really, General Rugaard is just…..”

Looking at Du Wei’s face, Totoro thought: It’s all because of you! Yet now you are making yourself out to be a good guy.

The fatty may not think kindly of Du Wei, but Totoro is not brave enough to show it openly: “Duke mustn’t think like that. The Army Head is a man of right and wrong, everyone following him respects him for being unbiased.”

Exchanging a few more words, Du Wei then headed back inside to change his clothes. Together with Hussein by his side, the trio made their way out of the city and into a forest not too far from Watt City. To be able to find so much green in this barren landscape is a rarity in itself.

In the army there aren’t many activities to relax in; therefore, one of the most popular ways for a soldier to relieve their stress is by hunting.

The hunt had long begun this morning. Under Rugaard’s order, the one thousand soldiers he brought with him were currently making their round of driving the animals out of their hiding place.

By the time Du Wei reached the base camp set inside the forest, Rugaard was already ready to go in anticipation of Du Wei.

Surprisingly, this midget was abnormally tough looking on horseback. Strapping a long bow to his back, he had his black stallion carry his spear and sword on each side to make it easier for him to reach.

“Du Wei, was your rest last night well?” Rugaard calls out from afar in a loud booming voice.

Sitting on his horse, Du Wei faintly smiled and nodded: “Not bad… … There was just the late night sound of horse and men running through the streets.”

Rugaard’s face slight twitched but was promptly covered up with a smile. Turning to the people behind him, this midget orders: “Last I had you go catch the assassin, not disturb our guest! Today forward, any soldiers passing through the Duke’s residence are to make a detour.”

The people in the back immediately followed with a nod.

Exchanging a few polite words, Rugaard then points to a young man behind him, “Come Du Wei, let me introduce to you my son! His age is similar to you so the two of you must talk some more.”

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 243




Chapter 243 “Hunting”

Du Wei immediately noticed the young knight standing behind Rugaard. He’s the same person with the metal mask from yesterday.

Still as valiant as ever, the only part that was off is how chilly that elegant smile was.

“No need for introductions.” Du Wei smiled: “The young general and I already met yesterday. Sir Cybuster, I didn’t expect you to return so quickly after leaving the city in such a rush.”

Young Cybuster smiled and said, “My men were getting lazy so I wanted to bring them out for a little exercise. Enough about me, I heard from some of my men that you made quite a show in last night’s banquet. To think the Duke is not only a master magician, you are also an expert marksman. I fear all the glory in today’s hunt will be monopolized by the Duke.”

Rugaard smiles and waved his hand: “Bring out the prey!”

At his command, a large cart with a gigantic cage began to roll out from one of the tents.

At first sight, Du Wei almost couldn’t believe his eyes when the soldiers removed the blanketing veil…….

The truth is while the cage was being carted out of the tent; Du Wei could already hear the wailing cry behind that blanket. Now that he got a closer look, his speculation was confirmed!

What prey? Inside that gigantic cage are clearly a dozen or so young girls!

Judging by their skin complexion, these girls can only be the slave girls brought in by Totoro from the Southeastern Sea. Aoi may have managed to escape by herself, but her foolish actions have consequently harmed these poor girls in her place.

Once the cage was opened, these girls were eventually driven out to kneel before Du Wei and Rugaard.

Du Wei really wanted to sigh at the scene.

Not only were their pitiful cries painful to the ear, he can clearly see the bruises and whip lashes on their naked body. What should have been delicate fine skins is now ruined because of someone else’s fault.

Looking over their ages, the oldest is at most 18 and the youngest is so small that he didn’t know where to begin. No matter which face he scanned over, it was always filled with fear and terror at what is to come. There’s no doubt about it, their eyes had the look of impending doom.

“General Rugaard… … This is……” Du Wei tries to ask a question.

“Hmm?” Rguaard raises a brow at his word: “The assassin from yesterday is part of this group. Since I don’t have the energy to interrogate them one by one, I thought, why not just kill them all? Better all than to miss one……”

At this point, Rugaard’s eye revealed a hint of killing intent.

Without showing any changes in his expression, Du Wei can only close his mouth.

He may not be showing it on the outside, but his insides were churning at Rugaard’s brutality.

Just when his mind began to waiver over whether if he should do something to stop all this, his sight inherently fell upon Rugaard’s firm gaze. In the end, Du Wei decided to let it be, he’s simply not the type to do something he knew is pointless.

“Listen up!” One of the cavalry officers raised his blade into the air, his voice thunderously loud: “General’s command, you girls should have been executed without exception for being accomplices to the assassin! However, the general is merciful and is giving you a chance to live!”

The officer then rides over to one of the camp fire to light up a torch. Using only one hand, the officer then stabs the torch into the ground and began to talk again: “Starting as of this moment, you girls can flee into the forest. If you can somehow make it out of the woods without being caught after the torch burns out, you are free to live!” The officer then reveals a grin: “Now then, RUN. RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!”

With that, he gives an eye signal to the other solders to cut off the shackles binding these naked girls.

Likely too scared to face reality, all of these girls had a stunned look on their faces. For some that still believed they might get lucky by pleading, these foolish ones ended up with bloodied foreheads from how much bowing they were doing.

Du Wei couldn’t stand it anymore. He’s not heartless like Rugaard. Biting his lips, he pulls out his sword and rode up to one of the pleading girls: “QUIT CRYING! Your cry is annoying as hell! If you want to live then hurry up and flee!!” He then points the tip of his sword up to the girl’s face.

Seeing the chilling weapon in front of her, the girl reacted like she was just woken up from a dream. Looking up at Du Wei’s eye, something in her mind finally clicked like a realization finally donned on her. Faltering a few times in her struggle to stand, this panicking girl began to make her way into the forest with all her might.

If there’s a first, there’s a second….. Very soon, all the girls began to make their way into the forest after understanding their fate if they don’t. If they want to live, they must fight for it, and the only way right now is to make it out of the forest. Many of their tender feet’s were harmed in the process due to the sharp rocks on the ground, but a little cut means nothing in the face of imminent death.

Watching the dozen or so girls fleeing for their lives, Du Wei could only sigh: This is about all I can do for you girls. Forgive me……

Letting out a ha-ha laugh on his horse, Rugaard raises his hand above his brow to overlook the forest: “Very well! Brothers, let’s begin the hunt!”

With that, the old weasel glances over at Du Wei: “Du Wei, I’m sure you’ve hunted before in the capital, but…… Hunting an animal cannot be as fun as hunting a person!”

At this point, Rugaard pulls out his bow like he was itching to go at it.

Seeing the last remaining girl still idling on the ground, Du Wei can already guess what the old bastard intends to do. Raising an arm to block Rugaard’s aim: “General, a moment please.”

Looking up at Du Wei, Rugaard frowned: “what’s the matter?”

Du Wei casually smiled: “Since this is a hunt, it will only be interesting if there’s difficulty … … Why don’t we wait a while longer to let them gain some more distance. The further they run, the more fun it will be.”

A cold voice drifts over from his side: “Who would have thought the Duke is so kind to the opposite sex.”

Without explanation, the young Cybuster rode up to the front and suddenly drew his own bow. Since the distance between him and Du Wei was too far apart, Du Wei couldn’t make it in time to stop the arrow.

Swooosh

A spiked arrow shot through the sky and into the depths of the forest…….

From afar, a miserable cry of a woman’s pain drifted into everyone’s ear.

Cybuster lowers his bow, his eyes clearly full of contempt: “Its’ definitely more fun if they run further away….. However Duke, shooting one down to scare the others will encourage the rest to run harder.” His mocking smile was so obvious even a blind person can see it.

Confronting the person behind that mask, Du Wei can somehow sense a killing intent shooting his way. Did he offend this young general, why is he so aggressive towards him? Du Wei rummaged through his memory but nothing came up.

From behind Du Wei, Hussein suddenly made a cold grunt. Slowly, our Saint Knight rode up to Du Wei’s side to stare down at this Cybuster. From the eyes to the chest, Hussein’s gaze eventually stopped at the young knight’s sword that was strapped to the waist: “Eh? That sword looks very similar to the legendary sword ‘Beauty under the Moonlight’.”

Hussein was clearly the fiercer beast in this meeting.

Unlike Hussein that didn’t feel threatened in the least, Cybuster felt like his chest was being pounded by an unknown force. From his usual arrogant and proud look, Cybuster for the first time revealed shock and surprise in his eyes as he looked over the mysterious person before him.





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 244




Chapter 244 “The Grand Wizard that doesn’t wear a white robe”

Above the head of this creaking forest lies the cloudless blue sky. Birds chip, trees grow. For ages past, the trees of old had remained undisturbed by the violence of man. Yet on this day, a horrific scene is unfolding behind the lush canopy of this ancient forest.

Panting from her struggle to run, a charming young girl deprived of any clothes was trying to make her way through the dense forest. Unlike how a beautiful maiden should appear, the only emotions running through that fine face is nothing but horror and fear.

The moment those delicate ears picked up the sound of her approaching pursuers, the girl suddenly lets out a loud painful cry when she accidently tripped over a rock on the ground, thus spraining her ankle in the process.

At the same time, the faint sound of trotting horses was already at her neck. Showing their villainous grin, two hunters on horseback suddenly threw out their ropes and lassoed the poor girl’s hand. With a single tug from both sides, she was thrown into the air like she was nothing but prey. Flinging her feet in an attempt to struggle, there was simply nothing this girl can do to escape from her fate at this point.

Following soon behind, a hideous and cruel laugh utterly destroyed the tranquil scenery, “Good, very good.”

With that, a huge bulky man in hunting clothes came charging in with his lance. Aiming true to his target that was tied in the air, the spear skillfully lunged through the girl’s shoulder with undeniable force. Then from the hunter’s mouth, a grotesque laugh radiated into the surrounding.

Truly saddening. Raised above everyone’s head like she was nothing but livestock, the hunter then flung the poor wailing girl from his spear against the cold hard ground. Under a loud snapping thud, what was once a living being is nothing but a lifeless corpse as she laid there unmoving for all eternity.

By the time Du Wei and Hussein caught up to the rest of their hunting party, the pair just so happens to witness this scene. No matter how much Hussein deviated from the temples teaching, he was still once a Holy Knight, known for their righteous courage and valiant heart. To be forced to witness such tragedy, our Saint Knight would of course be displeased. Fuming with anger, Hussein’s remaining blue eye was shouting ‘murder’ at the blocky big man.

Knowing this, Du Wei promptly reached out to stop Hussein.

“Why.” Hussein coldly muttered this to Du Wei that was silently shaking at him.

“You can’t save them, nor can I.” In a hushed tone: “These girls are dead either way, if not today, then tomorrow in the prison.”

The second his words finished, a light chuckle came from behind: “The Duke is too fast.”

Finally catching up, Cybuster had both his hands firmly gripped onto the horse rein: “What is this? The Duke still empty handed?”

Du Wei raises his brow and said, “I’m a guest; I wouldn’t want to steal the hosts limelight.”

“Your lordship doesn’t need to be so formal.” Cybuster suddenly tilts his ear to listen: “There’s movement up ahead, let’s have a look!”

With that, he kicks the horse’s belly and stormed out. Doing the same, Du Wei followed from behind as he watched Cybuster’s back.

Since this part of the forest is so deep into the woods, adding in the fact that it’s the summer season, the bushels are exceptionally thick here. Scanning the environment, Cybuster suddenly jumps off his horse and smiled at the foot trail left in the dirt: “Humph, these two prey isn’t bad. Smarter, at least they know how to hide.”

At his word, Cybuster flew back into his horse and whistled for the others to gather at his location.

“Scour the grass and bushes. We will force them out of their hiding spot.”

Accepting their order, the hunters began carrying out their command by cutting at the greenery. Continuing to ride forward like this, it didn’t take long for the hunting party to achieve their desired goal.

Letting out a painful cry, a girl came running out with a bloody shoulder.

Sitting on his saddle with a simpering smile, Cybuster slowly drew his bow as he watched the stumbling woman trying to break away. Just when his arrow flew out, Hussein suddenly pulls out his sword and shot a blade of light in the same way.

In a clear crisp snapping sound, the arrow that was flying through the air was cut in half.

Then without a word, Hussein rode out and snatched up the girl from the ground. Ignoring her struggle and fearful cries, Hussein gently knocked the poor little prey out with his hand.

Despite having his arrow shot down, Cybuster showed no sign of anger and simply gave a deep observing glance at Hussein: “Duke, you have quite the follower there.”

Du Wei chuckles: “Young general, your archery is not bad either.”

As Du Wei and Cybuster’s sight met, sparks seem to fly between their eyes like they were about to go at it.

After a couple of seconds in this awkward stance, Cybuster lets out a loud laugh and rides away.

Quietly watching the hateful guy leave, Du Wei tightens his forehead to whisper at Hussein: “You … …”

“I can’t stand it.” Hussein softly utters his word: “I will save as many as I can. A knight’s sword is not a weapon to slaughter the innocent.”

Du Wei was speechless because he knew he couldn’t stop Hussein. If this Saint Knight was dead set on doing something, there’s no way he can stop him.

Unlike Du Wei and Hussein that was lagging behind, Rugaard and his generals had long spread into multiple groups to search for their prey. What was once a serene and peaceful forest is now littered with the hollering voice of hunters and the faint screams of fleeing prey.

As the situation continues to worsen, Du Wei’s expression also got darker with each passing minute. He won’t claim to be a good person, but such a brutality is more than what he can cope with. Just when he was about to lose it and speak up, his eyes lit up!

Further ahead in the direction where the young general ran off to, a powerful magic disturbance was swinging in the air. Based on the unrestrained dark atmosphere, it’s clear…. A wizard was in the middle of an incantation!

It was then several mournful cries drifted over to the pair’s ear. Giving Hussein a look, Du Wei hurriedly said: “Let’s go take a look!”

By the time Du Wei and Hussein rushed over, what awaited the two is a strangely uncanny scene!

Clouded in a big black fog, this area of the wood looked like a veil of darkness had taken hold and wouldn’t let go. With only a glance, Du Wei was already frowning because he knew what this disturbing substance was: A Dark Mage’s energy!!

Dark energy wouldn’t have alarmed the two to such extent, but in the middle of the lumbering mass of darkness, one of the naked girls was being restrained in the air by the strange fog. Stretched into an X shape, her lovely body parts were openly displayed before everyone’s eye. And based on how the girl’s hair was slouching in front of her face, it’s likely she had already fainted.

Standing nearby, a black figure was currently busy chanting a spell with his black crystal ball atop of a tree branch. Sporting a black mage robe and a pointed tip hat, this person’s face was so pale that it was ghastly to look at.

Following the mage’s spell, tentacle like appendages began to take form from the black smog. Then going in from the girl’s nose, mouth and ears, wisps of transparent white stuff was being spirited out of the girl’s body.

Du Wei immediately recognized what the Dark Mage was doing; he’s drawing out the living soul of the teenage girl!!

Not far away from the whole event, Cybuster was coldly watching this unfold atop of his own mount. Although this young general was aware of Du Wei’s arrival, he didn’t say a word, just a glance as a greeting.

Right at this moment, the naked girl wrapped in the black fog suddenly muffled out a painful cry. Then at a speed discernable to the naked eye, the youthful body of this girl began to wither away like its very life was being sucked out!

Both angry and shocked at the scene, Du Wei finally snapped: “YOU’VE GOT SOME NERVE! DON’T YOU KNOW USING THE LIVING FOR DARK MAGIC IS IN VOILATION OF THE FIRST COMMANDMENT!!?”

With that said, Du Wei immediately chanted a spell to unleash two bellowing balls of light from his own hand. Upon contact, the black fog instantly dispersed as a direct result of his actions.

“As fellow magicians, don’t you know it’s rude to interrupt someone’s spell? Your actions are equivalent to a duel request!” The eerie voice came from the Dark Mage.

At a wave of his black sleeve, the girl’s dried up body instantly turned to ash and was sucked into the Dark Mage’s black crystal ball.

Du Wei knew the poor girl had already been drained of life before his arrival…… But what pushed him over the line was the fact that this Dark Mage not only took her life, he intends to do something as appalling as turning her into an undead creature!

Retracting all his dark energy, the Dark mage floated down from the branch and landed not far from Du Wei’s location. In a tone filled with pride: “Humph, you are also a magician? Why did you interrupt my spell cast?!”

Du Wei laughs in a ha-ha manner: “Killing the living to create undead creatures, are you not afraid of the magic enforcement team? Or did you completely forget the first commandment?”

At the mention of the magician enforcement team, even this Dark Mage trembled out of reflex. However, that only lasted for a second before he snapped back: “Nonsense, I certainly know of the first commandment! I’m a recognized Dark Mage of the Magic Union, not some Death Mage! As to draining this woman’s life…. Humph, her life belongs to General Rugaard. Since they had already been sentenced to death, it doesn’t count as me breaking the first commandment if the general gifts them to me!”

Cybuster suddenly cuts in with a light laugh: “Both of you mustn’t misinterpret the situation. Let me do the introductions.” He points to Du Wei: “This here is the famed Duke Tulip, Du Wei Rudolph, known as the last disciple of the great master Gandalf. During the coup in the capital, he played a major role in overturning the rebels. Also, when he first came to the Northwest, he miraculously raised an entire city in merely three months!”

At the end of the introduc

tion, this Dark Mage suddenly showed quite the curious eye: “You’re that Duke Tulip? From rumors, you are the continent’s strongest magic pharmacist…… Hmff, magic pharmacist, what a joke…….”

Du Wei did not get mad, all he did was look at Cybuster with a threatening gaze: “This person is?”

“This here is the Northwest Army’s chief magic consultant, eighth level grand magician Master Tartaglia….. He is also known as the only grand magician that doesn’t wear a white magician robe. As to the reason, I’m sure you can tell by now, he’s a Dark mage!”

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 245




Chapter 245 “Bet!”

Northwest Army’s chief magic consultant?

This title wasn’t all that unexpected. In spite of the fact that certain wizards will sometime offer their services to the army, many of these cases will depend entirely on the mood of that individual. If “Uncle” here is in the mood and likes you, sure, lending a helping hand when the situation requires isn’t a problem. However, if the magician in question weren’t up for it, these lords and masters of their own freedom might just turn around and stand idly by while you get slaughtered. Situations like that isn’t all that uncommon, hence the reason for the weird title. Magic consultant, a title that is neither subservient nor superior to the employer, perfect for a wizard that likes to be free of all restraints.

Regarding the fact that the Northwest Army is employing their own wizard, Du Wei was hardly surprised.

Think about it, the Northwest Army was able to stand up to the central high command for over twenty years; do you think numbers are all they have in store? Bringing a few mages to the table is only normal.

But what did surprise Du Wei is the fact that General Rugaard brought in a Dark mage and a eighth rank at that. Have this midget gone mad?

In order to cultivate dark magic, the user must amass an astronomical amount of souls, and they cannot be taken from the living! So where did this person get so much soul? The answer is obvious, from the living! This person is definitely a Death Mage, Du Wei is certain of this.

Continuing his surveying peek at this dark magician, Du Wei found that his foe was doing the same to him. Towards the confrontation between the two mighty wizards, all of the surrounding onlookers were very conscious in taking a step back for their own safety.

“Duke Tulip.” Dark Mage Tartaglia chuckles, his laughter filled with a strange type of weirdness like he would stop breathing at any moment: “I’ve long heard of your name … … But since you interrupted my spell just now, I take it you are trying to propose a duel?”

Du Wei faintly laughed. Looking over at Cybuster, this young general seems to have no intention of being a peace maker. On the contrary, Du Wei can see the bastard gloating at him. Though Du Wei’s heart sank at the sight, he had no intention of showing it. Forcing a cold smile, he turns to face the Dark Mage: “If sir is willing to enlighten me, how can I refuse your goodwill?”

Gently stepping on his stirrup, Du Wei’s body began to rise from the saddle to stand parallel to the Dark Mage.

“Dark Mages, all they do is summoning undead creatures to their side. Humph!!”

Du Wei still hasn’t forgotten the last encounter. Even when his foe summoned a bone dragon, add in some deaths knights and skeleton soldiers, he still managed to wipe them clean!

And now … …

Look around dammit. As far as the eye can see, there are only trees, endless amount of trees!

Fine then old man, come get some! Let’s see who got more cannon fodders to use!

If he wasn’t afraid of a death mage back when his power are weak, why the hell should he back off when he’s about to break into the sixth rank?!

But he should still be wary of the situation. It’s not hard to figure out this encounter is a set up by the Northwest Army, but what’s worth pondering is why now?

Can it be… … Du Wei’s heart jumped.

Can it be Rugaard intends to kill him?

Thinking about this, the confusing situation today is finally making sense!!

Yes, this is most likely the case.

Rugaard don’t want to rebel yet, at least that’s what Du Wei believes. If that’s the case, Rugaard must be plotting to kill him by borrowing Tartaglia’s hand.

Rugaard can’t personally kill him. That would create too much trouble. So the solution is to have a magician do it, a magician killing a magician, what a perfect plan. Even if word get out that Du Wei died while in his care, no one will do anything. In name Tartaglia is working for Rugaard, but no one is crazy enough to punish a grand wizard! The Northwest Army will just say: “Hey, he’s a magician; we can’t control what they do!”

Besides … … Even if he’s wrong about Rugaard wanting to kill him, this move of sending out a Dark Mage implies they want to test him.

Though Du Wei did not bring his wizard robe today, but he’s nevertheless ready to go at any moment because what he did bring is his storage ring. With only a thought, he can summon his wand and the “Life Horn” to awaken the trees.

Fixating his sight on the Dark Mage’s hand, the black swirling mass inside that crystal gave him the creeps……

It was in this moment, Cybuster that was nearby finally spoke up. Kicking his horse leisurely, this young general deliberately cuts in between the two: “A moment please you two! Both of you are distinguished guests. If you two were to fight here, it will make things very difficult for me as a host……So then, why not give me some face?”

When Du Wei heard this, he nearly broke out into laughter.

This young general is absolutely treacherous. Those words may sound pleasant on the surface, but it also made it clear that their fight have nothing to do with them. If you two “guests” want to fight, then it’s not the “hosts” fault.

Towards Cybuster’s intention of watching a pair of tigers fight while he sits atop of a cliff, Du Wei couldn’t stop the rage from boiling forward. Just then Du Wei recalled Cybuster’s martial art is similar to Rodriguez’s. From this, a wacky and wild idea sprouted in his mind!

Humph! Act eh? Let’s see how you will act after I do this!

Not waiting to have a second thought, he suddenly chuckles at his own ingenuity. Stretching out from under his sleeve, his right hand currently holds a long sword veiled in a layer of ice crystal.

Not far away, Dark Mage Tartaglia just then thought Du Wei was going to pull out his wand, but instead, Du Wei pulls out a sword. With a somber face, Tartaglia sneered: “Master Du Wei, why have you brought a sword to a wizard’s duel. Do you hold no honor for your status?”

Du Wei rolled his eyes: “What, can’t I be fluent in both magic and martial art?”

At the same time, he hastily looks over to Cybuster.

Sure enough!

Cybuster originally had looks of disapproval when Du Wei revealed his sword, but when his eyes got a closer look, there was only shock in those pupils.

What was a smirking mouth promptly tightened. In its stead, there was only the gritting sound of teeth grinding against each other!

Long and thin, the sword in Du Wei’s hand was wrapped in a layer of transparent ice! Even under the dim beams of light coming through the forest leaves, the lustering glow cannot be covered up…..

Beauty under the Moonlight!

Rodriguez’s Beauty under the Moonlight!

It only took a second for Cybuster to pop his eyes. Momentarily stunned by what he was seeing, Cybuster’s hand looked like it was quivering with excitement while he held the horse rein.

“Both of you.” Cybuster rides forward a few step, his voice suddenly turning loud: “Both of you are important guests so please keep calm. Regardless of who gets hurt today, it will be a huge loss to the empire! Father and his fellow generals are also inside the forest. If both of you must compete, why don’t we change the method? This way it won’t hurt either sides feeling.” Cybuster was clearly making a subtle shaking gesture with his head towards Tartaglia.

When he finished, this young general instead looked like he was afraid of Du Wei jumping the gun and starting the fight. Turning to the horseman behind him, Cybuster yells: “Blow the horn!”

After the horseman blows the signal, voices from all direction began making their way over.

Under the cover of several generals, Rugaard came up to Du Wei. Then looking at the Dark Mage not far across from them, the midget’s face seems to turn dark for a second before he broke out into laughter: “Oh, so both Master Du Wei and Master Tartaglia is here. I’m assuming you two already met so I won’t bother with the introductions.”

He then looks over to his son. From the complex gaze shooting back at him, Rugaard knew the circumstances have changed. Then turning his sight to Du Wei’s hand, Rugaards eye fell on the “Beauty under the Moonlgiht”.

From within the midget’s eye, a sudden spark of light erupted. Like a starving ghost seeing food for the first time, like a molester seeing a beauty, those eyes wanted to devour everything within its sight!

This only happened in a blink of an eye, but Du Wei’s keen senses were able to capture it.

Hmm … … Does Rugaard recognize this sword?

“Father.” Cybuster clears his throat: “The Duke and Master Tartaglia seems to have a little misunderstanding and wants to compete.

Rugaard pops his mouth like he was shocked by the idea. Nevertheless, he responded very quickly: “Is there a need? Both of you are my important guest. If either one of you were to get hurt, it will be a great shame on my end. Consider it…….”

Cybuster deeply breathes in and cuts off Rugaard: “Father, it’s a rare chance to witness two powerful wizards showcasing their magic. I’m certain the others present would be happy to see a confrontation between two powerful masters….. Since both want to compete, why must we go against their will?”

Since Cybuster is making it so blunt, how can Rugaard not get the hint? Changing from his unwilling attitude, this midget immediately became cooperative: “It’s not a bad idea, but a duel between magicians will inevitably cause……”

“Then I have a good method to not hurt both sides.” Cybuster speeds up his words: “There’s probably still four to five prey left from today’s hunt. Why don’t we use this as a bet? Both will head out in their separate ways and within a certain time frame, whoever catches the most prey will be considered the winner. How is that?”

This proposal is quite clever that left both sides unable to object.

Du Wei thought: What’s going on with this Cybuster? Ever since he saw the “Beauty under the Moonlight”, this guy’s been acting like he’s afraid that I will really fight with the Dark Mage.

Is he afraid I will kill this Dark Mage? Or is he afraid the Dark Mage will kill me?

Though Cybuster suddenly made a change in the plan, Tartaglia did not object. After all, he was supposed to play along with Rugaard’s scheme anyways; a little change won’t matter to him. Grunting aloud, he nods in acceptance.

Du Wei also smiled: “This is good too. Able to experience Master Tartaglia’s magic and not hurt General Rugaard’s face, this idea is indeed perfect.”

After a pause, Du Wei deliberately slowed his tone: “However, since it’s a bet, there’s always winning and losing, may I know how this will be done?”

Apparently Cybuster had this part thought out too. Without delay in his follow up, he said: “Duke’s word is right. Since it’s a bet, then of course we need to have some kind of stake at play. But, we are in the Northwest Army’s territory. If we were to make you gents pay out of pocket, then that will make the Northwest Army seem too stingy! Let’s do this then….. If Master Tartaglia wins, why don’t we give the hundred or so inmates left in the dungeon to him? Father, surely you wouldn’t stinge out on a few death rows?”

Rugaard immediately nodded.

“If Master Tartaglia loses … … Then father, I would like Master Tartaglia to show me magic for a month. Consider this a request on my end.”

Tartaglia was Rugaard’s men to begin with, so of course he would nod in agreement.

Du Wei sighs and forced a smile: “Isn’t this an inconvenience for our wager to come out of the Northwest Army’s pocket?”

“Only like this will it show off my father’s respect towards you two.” Cybuster’s smooth reply made Du Wei think: this rascal is not an easy character to deal with!

“Likewise, if Duke wins, then the reward of being the winner will be, hmmm…… I heard your Dukeship suffered quite the loss when the prairie army invaded. How about this, if the Duke wins: fine horses three thousand, superior quality armor three thousand!”

Du Wei ponders the idea inside because the condition is quite tempting: “Well then, what if I lose?”

Cybuster’s current laugh gave Du Wei the chills: “Earlier I heard your Dukeship is fluent in both magic and martial art….. Such talent is extraordinary! And, I find your odd weapon fascinating. So here’s my request. If the Duke loses, I would like you to tutor me for a month using that weapon! Of course, I can’t have your lordship staying here for so long. Here’s my proposal. I will accompany you back to Loulan City alone for a month while you tutor me!”

When his words came out, Du Wei was startled. It wasn’t just him; even Rugaard was showing a surprised expression.

Going back alone with Du Wei?

Wouldn’t this mean Du Wei can take this guy hostage if anything happens?

Du Wei was full of doubt regarding this idea because this young general was clearly aiming for his sword “Beauty under the Moonlight”.

Is this sword really so important to him?!

There’s simply no way out of this. Du Wei loudly laughs: “Fine! I’ll take the bet!”

After a pause, Du Wei saw Hussein’s signaling eye next to him. Hurrying to add in: “But I have a request…. In order to raise the difficulty of our hunt, the prey must be kept alive without being harmed!” Du Wei intentionally laughs: “If Master Tartaglia runs off and uses a wide range “Devouring Darkness” spell, then he can easily cover the entire forest to wipe out all life…. At that point, I can only watch on from the sideline.”

Cybuster was obviously very anxious. Not even waiting for that Dark Mage to speak, this young general answered in his stead: “Fine, we will do just that!”

As expected! Du Wei sneered … … For this sword, the guy is willing to do anything!.

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 246




Chapter 246 “Curse of the snowy mountain”

There’s no way Du Wei would believe Rugaard is the type to show kindness. Nevertheless, as a human being, he should still do his upmost to save as many lives as he can.

“So then… … Begin!”

Following the announcement from Rugaard, the host of this place, dozens of horsemen began dispersing into the forest.

Looking over at Master Tartaglia, Du Wei gracefully bends his waist and shows a hand: “Master Tartaglia, please go ahead.”

Not even bothering to be polite, Tartaglia used those unusually white eyes to send an icy cold glare at Du Wei. Levitating into the air like a ghost due to his fluttering black robe, this Dark Mage then drew a skeletal bone wand to begin his chant. Although the distance between the two weren’t close by any means, but Du Wei can faintly sense an unnerving sensation coming off from the mass of black fog extruding out of that wand. It wasn’t just Du Wei. Everyone that had remained at the scene also felt it. Like death itself was in the air, the onlookers instinctively took several steps back to the point where the light hearted found cover behind their peers.

Under the crackling sound of the trembling ground, several skeleton soldiers began to make their way out from the dirt. First was the arm, then the head, then like dreaded ghouls breaking forth from their coffin, these unworldly fiends howled like they will feast upon this world.

Following another series of spell chants, the air in front of Tartaglia began to mend and crack. Like an exploding void from hell, multiple death knights raced forward and broke through into the realm of the living. Extruding flames of pure darkness, these harbingers of death left no room for delusion regarding their ferocity.

In the face of such deathly abominations, many of the finely trained war horses under these generals began to lose it. The soldiers were quick to react to their panicking steeds, but they were utterly useless in calming the animals down.

Witnessing his own vile creations, Master Tartaglia’s eerie but prideful laugh permeated everyone’s tingling skin. Without delay, this dark mage waves his wand and summons all the undead creatures to his side. Uttering words that even Du Wei cannot understand, this pale old magician acted like he could communicate with the dead. Then with another wave of his wand towards the forest, all of the undead creatures reacted like they just received a clear and precise order.

While the five Death knights rode into the forest at great speed, the skeleton soldiers didn’t disappoint either. Taking advantage of their numbers, these lesser undeads fanned out in all direction of the wood to do their part.

With a face full of contempt, Tartaglia sneers a glance at Du Wei: “Duke, I’ll be heading out first then!”

Striking his arms downward, this Dark mage then flew into the forest like a ghost.

Watching this Tartaglia disappear into the forest, Du Wei’s face revealed a hint of gloom before covering it up with a smile: “General Rugaard….. This magic consultant you have sure is mighty!”

Rugaard faintly smiles in return: “Du Wei, no need to be polite. You are famed as the number one genius magician in this generation. Why not let us witness your amazing magic.”

Du Wei ponders the problem for a moment: that Dark Mage is capable of summoning multiple undead creatures at once to aid him. Also, large scale destructive magic is of no use here. So what can he do……

He could summon treant companions to help … … No! That won’t do. Those trees called forth by the Life Horn are too clumsy for such a complicated task. They might have been useful for labor intensive jobs, but finding some naked girls in a forest without harming them is too much.

Just as his mind got to this part, Du Wei’s face revealed a delightful smile.

Slowly levitating into the air, Du Wei suddenly whistles like he was summoning something. Just when Rugaard wanted to question him over his actions, a humming sound drifted over from within the woods.

Like it was coming from all directions, an astonishing scene appeared before everyone’s eye when the noise finally came to an end. Birds! Birds of all kinds, ranging from hummingbird, cuckoo bird, yellow bird….. And even some owls known for their nocturnal lifestyle!

Despite their vast numbers, the hundred or so birds obediently gathered around Du Wei in a circular formation.

Under everyone’s astonished eye, Du Wei whistled a couple more times like he was communicating to these birds. Flapping their wings, these birds all took to the air when he was done and fanned out into the forest like they just accepted Du Wei’s command.

When the onlookers saw this, their faces only had one question imprinted on their forehead: what kind of magic is this?

They heard of magicians summoning magical creatures to their side, but never once have they seen or heard of a magician calling in so many animals to their aid.

What’s more, this guy acted like he could communicate with these birds. What, can he speak bird’s tongue now too?

But Du Wei’s shock to these people didn’t just end here.

After dispersing the birds, Du Wei howled like a wolf into the forest!

Before long, the forest replied with several echoing howls. Sporting coats of grey fur, several massive wolves came running out of the wood to gather in front of Du Wei like he was the alpha.



Frightened by the sudden intrusion, several guards stepped in front of Rugaard with their weapons drawn. Though these wolves looked massively strong, but their reaction showed they indeed hold certain levels of fear towards humankind. Baring their teethes at the soldiers, these wolves would growl here and there while nervously pawing at the ground.

Ignoring all of this, Du Wei crouched down and began communicating with these canines. Not sure what kind of whimpering language that was, but when these wolves heard him, the pack all charged into the forest without stopping…..

“HA-HA-HA… … Du Wei, you really widened our eyes today!” Rugaard took the lead in breaking the silence: “Du Wei, what kind of magic is this to be able to drive these animals to your call? I’ve heard of undead creatures and magic creatures, but never once did I hear a mage summoning so many regular animals…… You……”

Du Wei faintly smiles and bypassed the subject with a laugh: “I better hurry now. Master Tartaglia summoned so many undead creatures. If I don’t move fast, his summons will really take all the prey.”

At his word, Du Wei dropped down to his saddle and kicked his horse to move forward. Galloping at high speed, Du Wei left for the forest with Hussein closely at his back.

Once Du Wei’s figure completely disappeared into the forests, Rugaard’s face finally became somber.

“Father” Cybuster whispers from the side.

Raising a hand, Rugaard turns to look at his subordinates: “All of you can move down.”

At his command, all of the soldiers and generals had their face turn dark. Regardless of their mood, all of them rode away to leave the father and son duo alone.

“Father, you see……” Cybuster’s voice was deep and full of worry.

“Indeed, that sword is ‘Beauty under the Moonlight’. But then shouldn’t that sword be in Rodriguez’s hand? That youngster’s whereabouts had always been a mystery, forcing us to be fruitless in our search…..”

Cybuster coldly laughs: “If ‘White River’s Sorrow’ knew the sword is in the Northwest, he will definitely come snatch it. Humph…. Without ‘Beauty under the Moonlight’, his Shaman King status will never be truly recognized!”

Rugaard was silent for a while: “Back when Gu Lanxiu (Former Shaman King) left Snowy Mountain, I had always worried about one thing when he took the sword with him…….That is Blue Ocean. (Famed Scholar in the capital) Who knows how many layouts that guy secretly put in place. Although ‘White River’s Sorrow’ is strong, but there are many secrets that cannot be activated without the sacred sword of Snowy Mountain. I’ve always speculated the sword is in Blue Ocean’s hand, unfortunately, the spy I planted never found any clue…… In fact, I even wondered if Gu Lanxiu played dead like before, or if that Rodriguez is Gu Lanxiu’s newest disciple. Otherwise, how can ‘Beauty under the Moonlight’ fall into an outsiders hand…. But today, things got even more complicated!”

Cybuster thought it over and said, “No matter what, the sword is in this Du Wei’s hand now…..”

Rugaard did not reply, his eyes filled with complex and contradictory thoughts: “Do you think this Du Wei is a disciple of Gu Lanxiu?”

Cybuster smiled: “Father is so foolish! Gu Lanxiu’s been dead for decades, how old is this Du Wei? From what I see, this Du Wei more like Blue Ocean’s disciple. As to ‘Beauty under the Moonlight’, I say it was passed on to him by Blue Ocean.”

“Humph!” Rugaard snorted: “Beauty under the Moonlight’ may have been difficult to take under Rodriguez’s hand, but now…… We must not lose sight of it while it’s under our eyes!”

Cybuster sneered: “Father, ‘White River’s Sorrow’ only managed to step up to Shaman King because you didn’t care for the post, yet why do you care so much about this sword?”

“What do you know!” Rugaard softly utters his words: “As the current head of the Northwest Army of the Roland Empire, I command over 200,000 soldiers and can loft around in the Northwest. Who can control me? Compared to that ‘White River’s Sorrow’ sitting atop of that bitter cold mountain, my life here is way better. However, the many secrets hidden inside that place still temps me…… Are you not temped too after I told you about some of those treasures?”

Cybuster sighs: “It’s just so infuriating…. That old fart Gu Lanxiu favored Blue Ocean and his brother so much, yet towards you……”

“Quiet!!” Rugaard suddenly snapped. Growling at his son: “You better listen! I’ve warned you many-many times! I may insult Gu Lanxiu, but you cannot! No one is allowed to insult Gu Lanxiu while standing before me! I forbid it, you understand!”

Cybuster did not reply. Slowly stepping back a few paces, he lowers his head: “Yes…. Father!”

Only then did Rugaard nod in satisfaction. Slowly turning to look up at the sky, this midget lets out a long reminiscing sigh: “No matter what….. Gu Lanxiu is after all….. My Teacher.”

Unbeknownst to Rugaard, a hint of lethal sharpness crossed Cybusters eye while the kid pretended to look dejected.

After a long moment like this, Rugaard finally continues the subject: “What magic do you think that Du Wei just used? Doesn’t it look like…..”

Only then did Cybuster raise his head to looking at his father: “I was wondering that too. To be able to drive so many normal animals to his side…… If I remember correctly, father, you said Snowy Mountain have a shaman craft called ‘animal speech, capable of communicating with any living animal in this world. But because of the difficulty of that skill, there hasn’t been anyone capable of practicing that art for hundreds of years. This Du Wei……”

“This is what I’m worried about!” Rugaard clenches his teeth: “This Du Wei’s talent is very high. At such a tender age he’s already earned quite the fame in the capital….. This alone is enough proof that he’s not weak! If he has ‘Beauty under the Moonlight’, then I’m wondering if he learned the stuff from Snowy Mountain…. If he did, then our problem is huge!”

“Then why don’t we make sure his life never leaves Watt City…..” Cybuster shows his murderous self.

“Cannot kill!” Rugaard suddenly reveals fear in his eyes: “You’re not a member of Snowy Mountain so you don’t know! Any member of Snowy Mountain can never kill their peers. If they do, they shall be cursed forever and live a life of misery!”

Cybuster apparently didn’t believe it and wanted to shrug the superstition away: “Father, you really believe such stuff?”

“Quiet!” Rugaard speaks coldly: You of course wouldn’t believe it! But look at that ‘White River’s Sorrow’ for example. Although I’m conceited, but I have to admit that character is the greatest talent Snowy Mountain have ever come across in the past several hundred years. Regardless of Shamanism or Snowy Mountain’s martial art, ‘White River’s Sorrow’ supersedes all of us in terms of cultivation speed. Can you imagine? For someone capable of defeating Gu Lanxiu with ease to be trapped atop of the Snow Mountain, how terrifying that curse must be! If not for that incident where he went off on a killing spree, I can guarantee ‘White River’s Sorrow’ will topple any Magister or Saint Knight across this continent……You remember it well and remember it hard. I may not know if this Du Wei learned Snowy Mountain’s Shamanism or not, but for the sacred sword, we must kill him! However, if we find out he did learn shamanism, then by all means, we cannot kill him!”

Cybuster grits his teeth, “If so….. Then that spell he used is clearly animal speech.”

“Then…. We can only come up with another option.” Rugaard thought for a moment: “If we must … … We can slightly give in to him. That is still within the acceptable level.”

“Even If we can’t kill him … … He is still within our territory. Father, we have hundreds of thousands of troops at our beck and call. I don’t believe he can flee with so many enemies around him. Even if he is a Saint Knight, he can’t possibly fend off the entire Northwest Army. As long as father doesn’t personally kill him, then the curse wouldn’t take effect.”

“No is no!” Rugaard suddenly became anxious: “Cybuster! You just don’t understand! There’s some things I can’t say to you right now! Anyways.. … You listen to me! As long as we can’t determine if he knows Shamanism, then we can’t lay a single finger on him. From today onward, you are in charge of his safety!”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 247




Chapter 247 “Dark Magic”

“That just now isn’t magic right?”

Only when they were deep into the forest did Hussein ask: “Seems you’ve been quite diligent in your training.”

Du Wei “hmmm” in return. Looking around to make sure no one was ease dropping, he finally felt comfortable speaking: “I’m starting to feel there’s never enough time on my hand…… Aigh, sometimes I wish I could just turn one day into two days…… No, turn it into ten days! From managing the Desa Province to feeding the soldiers, I even have to think of ways to improve their fighting capabilities in secret, really, my brains about to be burnt out. Then there’s my meditation period. That alone takes up half the day. After I’m through with all that, I have to then find time to practice my Star Dou Qi…… And I recently added archery to the list….. Now in my hand is that Shaman craft technique.” Sighing at this point, “More and more stuff just keep popping up…..”

“When did you learn that ‘Druid’ spell?” This one question from Hussein easily answered the question bothering Rugaard.

Du Wei was silent for a while. Looking around the surrounding forest, he quietly said: “Almost a year now….. But with so many distractions in front of me, I only managed to learn the basics. Unlike Gandalf who can call upon any magic beast in the vicinity, summoning some basic animals is all I can do.”

Hussein looks at Du Wei. From his usually determined face, a blip of warmth gave way: “Du Wei….. You’ve been thinking of the old man right? You may not show it while he was alive, but I know you respected him a lot.”

Eyeing Hussein, “When did you learn to speak like an old woman?” Du Wei asks this in an indifferent voice.

The two breaks out into laughter after exchanging a glance: “But this nature’s law cultivation technique really is hard…. Aigh, get close to nature with a pure heart…. How am I supposed to do that? Ever since I came to the Northwest, all I’ve been doing is scheme against others and slaughter my enemies. Under these circumstances, where am I supposed to find my pure heart? At this rate, who knows how many years will it be before I get to the level where I can summon magic beasts to my side.”

Hussein was about to speak again but was cut off by a sudden howl.

Turning cold, Du Wei yells: “There’s disturbance ahead!”

Without delay, the two kicked their steeds and rode towards the commotion.

Riding a hundred meters into the distance, what welcomed them is a young panicking girl huddling inside a tree hole. Probably due to over exhausting her voice, even her screams were weak to the ear. Not trying to flee nor defend herself, this naked young girl simply curls herself into a ball as she stared intently at the outside.

Meanwhile, the area around the tree was guarded by several massive wolves growling constantly at something. Despite their efforts, these predatory animals were being pushed back by their foe.

Covered in rusted armor, a unworldly creature known as a skeleton soldier continues to wave its dark burning sword at the wolves. Though the flames extruding out of the weapon is weak, but the deathly scent it gave off is magnified by the animal instincts in the defending wolves. If the situation continues to go down this path, it won’t be long before this skeleton soldier reaches the terrified girl.

After all, these wolves are only ordinary beasts. How can they possibly resist an undead monster?

Imprinting this scene into his eye, Hussein was about to dismount when Du Wei grabbed him. Not pleased by this, Hussein quickly turns to search for the reason and found Du Wei pondering at the scene.

Subsequently, Du Wei himself dismounted and walked up to the fight. From his storage, he pulls out a black crystal ball.

This item is the dark crystal ball he purchased back in the magic union. Prior to this event, Du Wei only used it once when he accidently absorbed the dead spirits left behind by the previous Death Mage. Now that he has another chance to pull it out, Du Wei intends to use it against this skeleton soldier.

Following a series of incantation from Du Wei’s mouth, Hussein only frowned and didn’t step in to stop the whole thing.

Just when the skeleton soldier wanted to wave its sword again, Du Wei already had his wand out pointing at the undead creature. In mere seconds, a black stream of gas lashed out to coil around the skeleton soldier and pulled it into the black crystal ball.

“You really do practice everything don’t you?” Hussein sighs in disbelief: “When did you start learning dark magic?”

Returning his crystal ball into the ring, Du Wei shows a greedy smile: “Right after I established the magic learning society. There were so many dark magic contributions, how can I not learn them? That would be a sin in itself!”

“It’s just……” Hussein didn’t look so well: “Dark magic is not something good to learn. The more you cultivate it, the more unnatural you will become. Also, if you step over bound, the magic union’s enforcement team will come kill you.”

Du Wei chuckled, his voice unnaturally devious: “The first commandment forbids me from killing the living, but that doesn’t mean I can’t take it from fellow Dark Mages!”

After a pause, he whispers: “Dark magic is not all about mass killing. Some spells are actually quite useful. It’s just…… ” Du Wei smiles wryly: “Though this black crystal ball is from the magic union, but its quality is only mediocre. If I were to continue using it, my achievement will not get far.”

“I think it won’t hurt to stop learning Dark Magic.” Hussein continues in a persuading tone: “You are too distracted. Remember, a person only have so much energy. If you learn everything, there will never be an end to it…..”

Du Wei smiles: “Don’t worry! I don’t have too much interest in Dark Magic either. The reason I’m collecting so much souls is because I want to test a dark spell I recently acquired. Without the souls, the spell won’t work.”

With that, Du Wei casually dispersed the wolves with a druid spell. Walking up to the naked girl, he laughs in a calming manner: “Games over, you are safe now.”

Poor girl. Because of the shock, she only managed to look Du Wei in the eye before passing out.

Stepping forward, Hussein lifts the girl onto his horse.

At the same time, Du Wei’s ear picked up something again from the distance: “Quick, we found something again.”

Not waiting for Hussein to be ready, Du Wei already bolted towards the commotion. Watching Du Wei’s disappearing back, Hussein got the aching feeling something is not right about this.

But as to why it’s not right to learn Dark Magic, Hussein couldn’t put it into words.

Since an extra person is aboard with him, Hussein can only move at a cantering speed. Nevertheless, his pace wasn’t slow by any means with his horsemanship. The problem though is that by the time he caught up to Du Wei, the whole thing was over.

With the girl lying on the grass, Du Wei was busy sucking in the two skeleton soldiers with his crystal ball like last time.

“As expected of an eighth level Dark Mage.” Du Wei picks up the crystal ball and sighed: “His undead creatures are such high quality!”

Just like that with minimal work, Du Wei managed to save two “prey”.

Since there are only five preys remaining before the bet started, Du Wei only needs one more to win the contest.

Just as he was preparing to listen in for more disturbances, a distant chilly voice drifted over: “What a good Duke Tulip! I didn’t come making trouble yet and you’ve already ruined several of my undead creatures!!”

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 249




Chapter 249 “It’s shameful to waste”

According to the legends of old, it was said that the ones to stand at the very top of the biological food chain are the Dragons.

Whether it was speed, power, reflexes, or combat capabilities, they are supposedly close to what the world called perfection.

Spanning a whopping thirty meters in length and eight meters in height, one adult gold dragon can not only ram through a city wall with ease, they also had absolute superiority in the air.

But that’s not the most troubling. Because of the natural hierarchy in the animal kingdom, draconian magic takes precedence over any other type of magic. Whether it was the humans or magic beasts, it means nothing in front of a Gold Dragon.

Ever since Du Wei returned from the Frozen Forest and created the blood feud with that old chief, he’s been spending a lot of time researching the dragon race, both their weaknesses and advantages.

In the end, Du Wei finally had to admit the dragon race was naturally blessed by the all mighty creator. Unrivaled combat capabilities and an intellect no lower than the human race…. If not for their weak reproductive rate, it’s likely this race would have conquered the entire world.

According to some of the ancient documents read by Du Wei inside the magic union, he came to one single conclusion after analyzing the data collected by the dragon slayers of old: a dragon could almost completely ignore all offensive spells inferior to their own rank! This advantage only gets more ridiculous as you move up the ladder in the dragon specie, especially for the gold variant.

For example: a gold dragon will reach its prime after living fifteen hundred years. At its peak, the dragon in question will reach a state where some have dubbed “Immunity to all inferiority”, meaning they will truly be immune to all magic unless it was greatly superior to themselves.

To put it bluntly, anyone unlucky enough to face off against an adult gold dragon was better off committing suicide than to fight.

Du Wei wasn’t sure if this Dragon Prince was in its prime or not, but simply based on that monstrous roar and enormous body frame, this dragon was most certainly a force to be reckoned with!

Tartaglia on the other hand could only feel his mage robe drenched in his own sweat because the pressure coming off from his foe had completely overwhelmed his pet.

Although this bone dragon was also a high quality product he so painstakingly scavenged from the ancient battlefields, but no matter what, it’s still only an undead being. Compared to a real dragon, to be more precise, the king of all dragons, his pet could hardly be called magnificent.

The ginormous entity further away had already turned its sight to fixate its sharp reptilian eyes against Tartaglia and his pet dragon. In a loud roar, nearly all of the surrounding clouds were blown away.

“All those whom insult the Dragons dignity shall DIE!”

With a growl, Second Dragon Prince opens his huge jaw and spews a mouthful of golden fury at Tartaglia. Aside from the burning characteristic of the dragon breath, it also carried a deadly corrosive effect against any defensive magic.

Crying out in shock, Tartaglia quickly waves his wand like his life depended on it to drive his pet away.

When the golden flames came into contact with the dark fog he released earlier, a very thick burst of vapor immediately came up like how a bowl of hot soup would look when splashed onto a pile of snow. Seeing his life’s work being destroyed in mass, Tartaglia could only suppress the aching pain while hurrying his pet to flee. However, there’s no way the Gold Dragon was going to let him slip away.

Under the monstrous roar of the Gold Dragon, it didn’t take long for the Second Prince to catch up to the Bone Dragon. With one swipe of his golden claw, the first thing to be grabbed was the Bone Dragon’s tail.

Horrified by the situation, Tartaglia quickly fled from his pet’s back. Shooting himself further up into the sky, the only thing he could do was have his pet resist by releasing even more dark energy into it.

But under the might of the Gold Dragon, how can a mere bone dragon resist? Though already dead, but the inherent characteristics of a real dragon still lingers within the soul used in its creation. With every roar it gave out, the whimpering and merciful cry became ever so obvious.

After a few snapping sound, a good portion of the Bone Dragon was torn away. Then with another golden breath, the entire bone tail was painfully reduced to ashes.

Bleeding inside, Tartaglia desperately tried to command his pet to run. However, he quickly came to the realization his greatest creation was starting to disobey him. No matter what order he gave or what amount of energy he used, his pet dragon would timidly cower below its foe.

Finally, when the Gold Dragon bites down on its neck and made a snapping sound, sparks of ferocity sparked inside the bone dragon. Retaliating with its remaining claw by smacking down at the Gold Dragon’s head, this not only didn’t diffuse the disadvantage it had, it only angered the Second Dragon Prince even more.

Brawling on the ground, this was truly a contest of strength at this point. But then how can the skeletal structure of the bone dragon compete with the hulking body of the Gold Dragon?

Fearing for what was to come, Tartaglia continues to do his upmost to drive his pet to fight back. Just then, Du Wei’s mocking voice drifted over from the distance: “Oh honorable master Tartaglia…… It’s no use. No matter what spell you use now, your bone dragon will not call upon its draconian magic!”

“Wh-why.” Under intense fear, Tartaglia asks this like a reflex reaction.

With complex emotions running through his eyes, Du Wei slowly answers: “Because….. Of the dragon’s golden rule: Whenever a dragon encounters another dragon, the two can only rely on their physical bodies during the duel. This rule is set by the dragon god himself and no dragon can ever violate this decree. Even if your bone dragon is an undead creature, but in the end, it’s still a dragon.”

While Du Wei explained this, the unforgettable memories of his venture into frozen forest surfaced once again. In order to cover their escape, White Robed Gandalf sacrificed himself by transforming into a red dragon using druid magic. Taking advantage of the golden rule, the old fool was able to force the dragon chief into a physical brawl and stalled enough time for the party to escape successfully.

Now, watching the giant beings tearing at each other from afar, a sudden burst of emotions he couldn’t explain was building up inside.

The truth was Tartaglia also knew of this golden rule, after all, he spent his entire life studying how to create a bone dragon. Now that he was reminded by Du Wei, Tartaglia felt like he suddenly awoke from a daze. Stopping his futile attempt at driving the bone dragon, a sense of conviction filled Tartaglia’s eyes as he grits his teeth back and forth.

It’s not hard for him to escape alone, but a majority of his life was spent on this bone dragon. For a Dark Mage, losing their most powerful undead creature equates to losing a large portion of their power, and if that happens today, he might really have the heart to kill himself right here and then!

Irrational as it was, but as a man, there comes a time in life where one must abandon all reason and risk it all.

Thinking up to here, Tartaglia bites down on his lip and began to wave his wand at the sky. Following a series of incantations, the sky overhead began to turn dark and before long, flickers of light flew out.

Watching this, Du Wei gasped: “What a guy…. He’s really going all in!”

Casting a “Life Drain” darkness spell at the wrestling behemoths down below, Second Dragon Prince suddenly found himself wrapped in a fog of darkness. What Tartaglia used just now was the most common darkness spell used by Dark Mages where it will suck out the life force of its living prey.

In a loud roar, Gold Dragon uses one claw to subdue its prey down below and growls at the interloper: “Despicable human, how dare you attack me!”

Then in a maniacal laugh, Gold Dragon spews another golden breath at the “Life Drain” fog and immediately destroyed Tartaglia’s effort.

Not willing to give up, Tartaglia musters up all of the surrounding dark energy and calls forth another spell. Forcing open several tears in the air, a series of dark scythes suddenly lunged out from the void and mercilessly cuts down at the Second Dragon Prince.

As a Gold Dragon, the Second Prince naturally has an enormous body, adding in the fact that he was in a middle of a brawl with the bone dragon, the first scythe managed to land onto his back quite easily. Unfortunately for Tartaglia, the attack may have landed, but it did no damage other than to infuriate the lizard even more. With one bite from his massive jaw, Second Dragon Prince shattered the remaining dark scythes still in the air.

Feeling the recoil coming back at him, Tartaglia immediately coughed up a mouthful of blood from his now sickly green face. Seeing how useless his dark scythes were, Tartaglia only had this in mind: is this dragon at its prime already?

At this shocking revelation, his hands moved even faster to gather up more dark energy. With the tightening of his grip, the dark fog under his palm hardened to form a giant black spear before lunging down towards the Gold Dragon.

At the same time, the bone dragon on the ground was already paralyzed after having one of its wing ripped apart by the Second Dragon Prince. Still basking in his own victory, Second Dragon Prince’s attention was pulled away by the commotion behind him. When he turned to see what the sound was, the first image to come into sight was a large spear flying at him from the back. Roaring out in anger, he immediately incinerated the attack with another breath.

Not missing the chance while Tartaglia was lost in his own madness, Du Wei quietly descended towards the Bone Dragon lying there on the ground outside Watt City. Just minutes ago this thing was still chasing him across the forest, but now, it could barely cling onto life with a wing torn and its neck twisted to one side.

By the time Du Wei came up to its side, the Bone Dragon obviously sensed his hostility, but all it could do now was utter a low growl.

Laughing in an extremely sinister fashion: “Call all you like, no one is going to come save you even if you lose your voice.”

With that, Du Wei pulls out his black crystal ball: “Your dark energy is so pure…. Rather than letting that Gold Dragon tear you into pieces, why not benefit me……”

Bone Dragon’s roar went from a weak growl to a weak sigh. Not being polite, Du Wei immediately began to work his own dark crystal to suck out the dead spirits from within the Bone Dragon like small little streams running down a hill. Before long, the last brink of flame was blown out from the Bone Dragon’s eye socket.

From what was once a dull black ball, the crystal ball in Du Wei’s hand now was a pearly black. Pleased by this, he smiled in a very satisfied fashion: “As expected.” With that, he pulls up his robe and stores the crystal ball away.

For a person like Du Wei that never likes to waste stuff, he only needed to give the remaining dragon bones a glance to decide what to do with them. In one sweep of his hand, the remaining damaged bones were sucked into his storage ring for future use. Top grade bones are still top grade, even if they are damaged!

“It’s shameful to be wasteful.” Du Wei nods his head like he was doing a great deed for the world.

As soon as he finished his thievery deed, a loud and blood roar came from above.

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 250




Chapter 250 “Du Wei’s lifesaving technique”

Left with nothing but a shambling mess of rags, Tartaglia had long lost his notable image of an eighth level mage. If not for his narrow escape by shielding himself with the dark fog, his body might have been turned to ashes by now.

His intentions were simple: use the dark lances to overcome his opponent. But apart from angering the dragon even more, it didn’t have any effect. In desperation, he mustered up his remaining undead creatures to swarm in to no avail. With only a glimpse, all of the undead soldiers and death knights were wiped from existence. Fruitless as it may be, Tartaglia’s suicidal charge did raise a certain amount of fatigue for the Second Prince after forcing him to continuously spew out his dragon breath.

Feeling some of his rage subside, the Dark Mage was nothing but a clown in the serpent’s eye. Nevertheless, Gold Dragon still retains some wariness towards the undead creatures summoned by this feeble human…… This was especially true for that scythe attack. Though the spell didn’t cause any real bodily harm, his body still aches with discomfort after being struck.

It was at this moment Tartaglia sensed the sudden change from his bone dragon. Knowing his greatest creation had likely faced misfortune, the first person to come to mind was Du Wei. Coughing up a mouthful of blood from anger and resentment, he completely ignores the Gold Dragon on his tail and charges for Du Wei in a maddening fashion.

Just as he was finishing up his thievery deed, Tartaglia smashes down from the sky: “Thank you for the huge profit.” Du Wei chuckles with great pleasure at the fool.

At the end of his mockery, Du Wei disappears into the shadow.

Tartaglia may be a mad tiger at this point, but apart from madness, he should never have forgotten about the terrifying enemy at his back. After all, there’s no way Second Dragon Prince was going to let him off after insulting the dragon race. Next thing Tartaglia knew, a burst of blood was spraying out from his chest where his heart should be.

“Lowly human, this is your fate for your blasphemy!”

Coming down with one claw, Second Prince firmly grips onto Tartaglia and causes the Dark Mage to cough up even more blood.

Knowing his death was inevitable, Tartaglia cries out: “Then let’s die together!”

Using his last ounce of strength, Tartaglia shatters the dark crystal ball in his hand and releases every soul within his possession!

Who knows how many lives were lost in the cultivation process for this crystal ball. Gushing out uncontrollably, not even the Second Dragon prince could withstand the deadly corruption.

Letting out a painful cry, Second Dragon Prince felt like every scales across his body was burning in pain! This gush of darkness not only hurts the physical body; it also burns the victim’s very soul!

It’s not like he didn’t know the danger involved with dark magic, but he didn’t expect a suicidal attack like this. Without delay, he lets Tartaglia’s body go and harshly flaps his wing to distance himself from the source. In the end, it was too late. From a brilliant glow to a dimly lit shine, the sheen from his scales were no longer the same after leaving behind the lifeless scene in the background.

It was then Du Wei emerged from the shadows again. Covered in a layer of creamy white light, this spell he used just so happens to be a light affinity spell he recently learned. Though light affinity spells are the natural enemy of darkness, but that doesn’t mean it’s capable of persisting forever in this area contaminated with the foul stench of dark energy.

Calmly taking out his crystal ball, Du Wei began to ravenously absorb the deceased souls in the air. In this venture, about forty to fifty percent of Tartaglia’s dark energy ended up in Du Wei’s hand.

Watching the ball of darkness in his hand, Du Wei sighed at how glossily dark it was: “It’s a shame Tartaglia shattered his crystal ball, otherwise, I could have swapped this one with his.”

“Didn’t you earn enough today?” Semel’s mocking laugh came from his side.

Du Wei puts on an absolute serious face: “You see the vast tracts of dead souls here? By taking them in, I’m doing the innocent civilians a favor.”

Semel sneered: “Whatever, just worry about dealing with that dragon.”

Though there are still souls in the vicinity, Du Wei decided it was time to put his crystal ball away for the damage the remaining souls could do to the area were minimal at best.

While Du Wei was doing all this, Watt City was already sent into high alert. Closing their gates and manning the wall with every solider and weapons they had in possession, there were no question in how scared the populace were of the massive Dragon outside their gates.

Dragon! A real dragon!

Thousands of soldiers atop of the city rampart were watching the behemoth with both fear and awe! After all, the Roland Continent hasn’t seen a real dragon for a very long time. For many, probably all of them, the only information they had were from legends passed down through the ages.

But now, a real dragon was just standing there in front of their eyes!

Many officers tried to put up a front but the truth was, they were scared out of their wits. It’s only natural. Smaller creatures are inherently afraid of anything larger than themselves, human or no exception.

While the officers struggled to order their subordinates to take up arms and take aim at the Gold Dragon, but based on the strained expression of their faces, these people probably didn’t have much desire to fight.

Landing down on the ground outside the city, Second Dragon Prince raises his head high above the city wall like all shall kneel before him. Contrary to how everyone was reacting, Second Dragon Prince completely disregarded the soldiers atop of the rampart like they didn’t even exist.

“Former Du Wei Rowling, the one to humiliate the dragon race, you are now called Du Wei Rudolph, am I right?”

Du Wei shrugged. Even when facing off against this terrifying creature, he did not falter: “You got one point wrong. I did not bring any humiliation to the dragon race. When your father made the bet with me and lost, he deserves it.”

“Sharp tongue eh?!” Roaring out in disdain: “Father said you are cunning, but in front of me, it’s useless. No matter what type of lies and smooth words you use, I will have your head by the time I leave!”

“Oh, is that so?” Du Wei mockingly laughs: “Then why did you wait until today to appear?”

“Because courage doesn’t mean recklessness.” The Dragon seems to be very good at finding excuses: “You are very successful tonight. Taking advantage of my anger, you lured me out….. But don’t think just because of that I won’t be able to kill you.” Second Prince slowly lowers his head and looks down at Du Wei: “You better listen … … My father instructed me not to make a ruckus in the human word! If not for that, I can kill you even if you hide inside your capital. Like right now, I can squash you like a bug in front of all these troops.”

Du Wei continues to smile: “I heard that dragons are very proud creatures. Surely you’re above something like assassination.”

“Of course!” Gold Dragon proudly answers: “I can give you a fair chance to fight. But the opportunity only applies once … … I heard you are a good magician. But you know, human mages are unable to compete against dragons! That Dark mage is a good example.”

Du Wei looks at himself and chuckles in surprise: “Who said I’m going to personally fight with you? My God … … Although I’m a magician … … But I’m mainly fluent in magic pharmacy. My grade is far lower than that guy!”

Just as his voice died down, Hussein was already rushing over from one of the roads. He may not be riding a horse, but that didn’t hinder his pace whatsoever. Like a meteor, it only took a few jumps for him to reach Du Wei’s side.

“Is everything in place?” Du Wei looks at Hussein.

“All of the ‘preys’ have been dealt with in the camp.” Hussein replied calmly, but his words exposed the Knight’s dissatisfaction: “You are too rash.”

“The greater the risk, the higher the profit.” Quietly tapping his robe, Du Wei smiles satisfyingly. “The reward today is very good. My only concern now is whether or not our plan will go according to plan.”

Hussein turns his attention to the Gold Dragon: “Let me take care of him then… … While I keep him busy, you move further away and summon that red monster……”

“No, no, no.” Du Wei immediately shook his head: “Listen to what I say, brother, the one to lead today will not be you.”

Gold Dragon finally became impatient after arrogantly watching Du Wei and Hussein’s discussion: “Are you two done with your chitchat? Who will fight me? Du Wei, no matter what, you only have one chance. In the end, I will certainly take your head back with me!”

“Ah … … Oh honorable Gold Dragon, we have come to a decision.” Du Wei’s voice sounded nothing like how one should speak in a life or death situation, more like a friend toasting in a banquet: “The result from our discussion…. It’s regrettable, both I and my friend here are not your opponent….”

Gold Dragon was stunned: “Oh, could it be you decided to give up? Then offer up your life.”

“No, no, no … … I think you must be mistaken.” Du Wei repeatedly shook his head, his eyes full of disdain towards the Gold Dragon: “The way of the humans is to never give up, especially when a chance for survival is in front of them….. Majority wise, we would usually resort to one option……”

“What?” As expected, Gold Dragon asked out of curiosity.

A strange smile emerged from Du Wei’s face. Turning to the thousands of troops atop of the city wall, he takes in a deep breath and began to cry out in the loudest voice he can muster.

Upon hearing the words coming out of Du Wei’s mouth, Hussein felt like an anvil just dropped onto his head. Like a reflex reaction for this prideful knight, he almost wanted to choke Du Wei to death!

The following content was as followed:

“HELP ME!!!!!!!!! HELP ME HELP ME HELP ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!”

“Stop!! You shan’t hurt the Duke!!” A sharp hollering voice came from the distance. Equipped with a set of black armor, this figure wearing a metal mask to cover the upper half of his face was unquestionably Cybuster.

Finally, this person had shown up according to Du Wei’s plan.

Pointing his spear at the giant behemoth, the young general shouts: “No matter where you are from oh honorable dragon sir….. You must first answer to my blade before killing the Northwest Army’s guest!”

With that, Cybuster shouts his command at the city wall: “General’s command, all forces are to protect the Duke!!”

His mouth may be saying this, but inwardly, Cybuster was in great turmoil. The only driving force keeping him going right now are the absolute trust he had in his father’s decision!

While Du Wei was leisurely smiling, he was also suffering from an unimaginable amount of urge of not whistling at this critical moment.

Sure enough … … The show was finally about to start.

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 251




Chapter 251 “Retired Knight”

After the passing of all the commotion with the military spring drill, Loulan City once again returns to its bustling and hustling.

Taking advantage of its geographic location closer to the border, this “City of Miracles” has gradually surpassed Governor Bohan’s capital as the trading epicenter in the Northwest.

It’s worrying for the citizens that there are prairie marauders on the prowl, but nothing was more frightening than the flaunting encirclement by the Northwest Army. Fortunately, the news came quickly regarding the beheading of the prairie general. At the very least, this act by the treasonous bastards over at the Northwest Army conveyed one meaning; they didn’t rebel.

Currently in Loulan City, Dadaneier – chief commander of the city garrison – was busily carrying out the “loose in tight out” policy instructed by Du Wei before he left. Scattering their forces across the province, this will ensure that trading and travel remains open between cities and towns. At the same time, loosening the grip inside the city wall will give the impression all remains well for the public. However, this was all a farce. Anyone remotely suspicious would be quickly tagged and secretly monitored the moment they stepped through the gates.

Also, notices of conscription were being posted all across the bulletin boards set along the city entrances. For to this reason, crowds of people would constantly huddle around the boards for information.

Exactly on an average evening like this, a lone middle aged man wearing nothing but common wear was making his way over from the main roads in the North East direction. Although the man was already in his late forties, the martial physique he honed through many years of training could not be hidden behind that firm and tight grip of his over the horse reign.

He should have been nothing but a common traveler in everyone’s eye, but, there was one thing that stood out from him: he didn’t carry a weapon.

One must know, the Northwest is a place of danger where it’s not uncommon to find roadside bandits lurking at every corner. For this reason, merchant groups would always employ large numbers of guards to protect their caravans while traveling. So, the fact that there was someone unarmed while traveling in this barren landscape was quite unusual, woman and children excluded of course.

Like this, this lonesome man along with his horse made their way up to the city gate.

“Halt, where you from?” One of the soldiers asked.

“…… The North. ”

“North? The North is big! I’m asking you a question so be more specific. Where in the North?”

The man smiles in return to this stern looking soldier. Without anger, he softly utters these few words:

“The frozen forest. ”

At the answer, the interrogating soldier was even more confused. Fortunately, one of the officers nearby came up to ask: “Frozen Forest? I’ve never heard of someone living there…. I’m guessing you were a mercenary? Looking at your getup, you should be a warrior?”

The middle-aged man’s patience sure is good. In a modest smile, he answers: “I was once upon a time, but now… I’m retired.”

The officer gave him a glance and thought: so little luggage and not even a weapon. If he’s a retiring mercenary then that make sense.”

“Hearing your accent, you’re also from the Northwest?” After a simple check, the officer’s tone softened: “Our Dukeship just so happens to be looking for talented individuals. Since you know some martial art, why not try your luck? Far better than going home and watching over a few crops of land.”

The middle-aged man only smiled and bid his thanks before heading into the city.

Once inside, the middle-aged man slowly made his way through the busy streets as he curiously assessed the scenery. From the traveling businessman to the local residents, everything was far different from what he remembered of this place.

“To think the Northwest would have such a prosperous city after so many years away from home. Teacher … … Perhaps the advice you gave me was correct. Du Wei, he can really change the Northwest.”

Randomly asking some passersby’s for the Duke’s residence, he was warmly received by the strangers and some even offered to guide him along the way. From their genuine attitude when speaking about this Duke Tulip, the middle aged man can tell these people wholeheartedly respected their lord.

Continuing along his path towards the Duke residence, it wasn’t hard for him to locate the building for it was the tallest structure in the city. Adding in the flaunting flag atop of the castle tower, it would be truly difficult to miss.

And when he finally came into the vicinity of the castle grounds, the middle aged man noticed something quiet peculiar. Unlike the ruckus back in the markets, the area around the Duke’s residence was oddly quiet. However, it didn’t take long for him to understand why. Anyone passing through the streets here would consciously lower their volumes like it was a crime.

Looking at the suspension bridge littered with heavily armed guards, middle aged man was just about to head over when the sound of laughter drifted into his ears.

“Mrs. Dean, don’t listen to what he say. I’m sure you know the Dean’s personality already. In this world, only the dean will scheme against others, not the other way around!”

A somewhat calm voice came from the side: “Watch your mouth while in public! Don’t forget you still haven’t finished your homework for today. If you keep spouting nonsense, I’ll punish you by making you do a couple of hundred trips around the city with the broom!” Pausing, this steady and calm voice continues: “Mrs. Dean, I think it’s getting late. Why don’t we hurry back inside?”

Looking over at the source, the first thing to come into middle aged man’s sight was a group of youngsters surrounding a girl around the age of fifteen or sixteen. They were all dressed in mage robes, but the girl in the middle of the group was clearly different from the rest. Like the slightest mishap would offend this cute little girl, the boys all looked at her with awe and respect whenever they talked to her.

The girl was beautiful to begin with, but because of her shyness, those plump little checks made her big watery eyes even more attractive than ever: “You … … You guys. Don’t call me … … Mrs. Dean……. ” The girl protests embarrassingly.

Watching the group, middle-aged man got a good idea of who they were by now. Instead of making way, he intentionally steps in front of the group’s path.

“Who are you?” The calm young man was the first to call out and was also the first to shield the young girl behind him. His efforts may be valiant, but he seems to have forgotten how powerful the girl behind him truly was.

“May I ask.” Middle-aged man’s voice was very calm: “The ‘Dean’ you mentioned is probably Duke Tulip right? I happen to be here to meet the Duke on a friend’s recommendation.”

Needless to say, the youngsters here are of course the magic apprentices and the girl was our stuttering genius Vivian.

Ever since that night where Vivian got drunk and made declaration of love, these students had completely recognized her as the future wife. And because of her thin skin, Vivian would blush with great shame at her own brave confession whenever she was called out as Mr. Dean by these kids.

Vivian originally intended to procure some ingredients in town today, but because these students kept calling her Mrs. Dean while she was coming back, she ended up wasting a lot of time blushing on the street. Then all of a sudden, a strange man came up to her and caused her to blank out for a second.

The reason was because her instincts picked up something from the middle aged man. While standing in the middle of the street, the man acted casual, but the focus of the surrounding seems to be drawn towards this person. There’s no doubt about it, this man was not ordinary.

“Please, may I ask … … Who are you……” Vivian takes a step forward.

“Ah……” Middle-aged man looks at the shy girl and smiled: “If I’m not mistaken, you are Master Vivian? My friend told me about you and there’s nothing but praises from his mouth.”

Vivian blushes again at the compliment. Giving a curious look at the middle-aged man, she determines the person was not a bad person: “I … … I’m Vivian. You, you are… …”

Middle-aged man rummages through his pocket and pulls out a badge: “This was given to me by my friend. He and I met in the frozen forest, but because he was in a hurry and I was injured, he came back first.”

Vivian takes the badge and immediately recognized it belonged to Hussein. Beaming with light in her eyes, she cried out: “AH! You are……”

“My name is Rodriguez.” Middle-aged man chuckles: “I used to be a knight, but now, I’m just a cripple.”

With that, he raises his right hand to shock Vivian. The right hand, no…. There wasn’t a right anymore!

Watching Vivian’s shocked eyes, Rodriguez laughed very calmly: “I’ve been pondering what a cripple like me should do after parting with my knighthood. Fortunately, the owner of this badge said Duke Tulip might be able to take me in, so…… After thinking it over, I decided to come to the Northwest.”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 252




Chapter 252 “I can’t believe this!”

Rodriguez?!

After hearing the name, Ziggy, and the other students’ only disbelief in their eyes as they looked at Rodriguez.

If Rodriguez was considered low key in the past, then after the coup d’état, his name had already exploded across the continent!

After all, there hasn’t been a Saint level warrior for over a century already. Hussein may be a Saint level warrior also, but that knowledge was hidden from the public eye so no one truly knows that.

Therefore, Rodriguez status as the sole Saint Knight on the continent immediately sent shockwaves across the entire continent, so much so that he was even considered the ultimate goal for the other martial artists.

Ziggy and his peers may be magicians, but they aren’t blind to a legendary figure like Rodriguez. And now, standing before them all was the legendary master. Because they weren’t ready for such an encounter, the kids didn’t know how to react and became stutter mouths like Vivian.

It’s just … … This Saint Knight … … His right hand … ..

Unsurprised by their reaction towards his right hand, Rodriguez smiles and said, “Mage Vivian, may we go inside? I would really like to meet his Dukeship…. Though we’ve crossed paths in the imperial capital before, but those encounters have always been in a hurry while not on the most friendly of terms. Nevertheless his Dukeship’s ingenuity still impresses me greatly, especially after what I witnessed today along the streets. For this day, I’ve been looking forward to it for a long time.”

Only now did Vivian regain her thoughts: “Ugh… … Mr. Ro-Ro-Rodríguez … … Bu-but, Du Wei, he-he’s not in the castle, he, went……”

Watching Vivian’s difficult appearance, Ziggy couldn’t bear it anymore and stepped in to take over. Using the most respectful tone he can come up with, he slowly explains: “Dear Sir, our Dean went to the Northwest Army’s stronghold. I fear it will be some days before he returns.”

Rodriguez was slightly taken aback by the answer: “Northwest army?” He knits his brow as he muttered the name.

Looking at Vivian’s concern face, he finally believed this was true. Giving a nod to indicate he understands: “Hmm, If his lordship is not around…. Then….. Is that cold guy here?”

Others may not know this, but Vivian did. The one Rodriguez referred to as the “cold guy” was none other than Hussein. Shaking her head, she smiles wryly: “He-he’s with Du Wei.”

“In that case … … I’ll come back in a couple of days then.”

“Ahh no!” Vivian hurriedly calls out to Rodriguez. She may be simple and innocent, but even she knew it would be inappropriate to let a guest leave like this. Out of desperation, her stuttering habits disappeared and her words began to flow: “Sir Rodriguez, you … … Du Wei, he, while he’s away, please stay in the Duke’s residence for the next few days while you wait for his return!”

Rodriguez hesitated for a moment before slowly saying: “Are you sure? Mage Vivian, I’m afraid you don’t understand my current situation … … Taking me in so casually … … I’m afraid this decision can only be decided by the Duke himself.”

Rodriguez’s tone was serious.

Indeed, he was not joking!

During the coup in the imperial capital, he not only sided with the crown prince at the time, he also made two flagrant attempts at Prince Son’s life. Looking at it from a reasonable standpoint, he should’ve been a wanted criminal like Hussein that was hunted across the entire continent.

Of course … … Any incapable ruler would have done exactly that.

But, Prince Son fortunately had a sane mind unlike some other people. When the suggestion was made to hunt down all fugitives, the first thing Prince Son did when he saw “Rodriguez’s” name on the wanted list was to kick the person responsible out the door.

“Are you a madman or a fool? Putting a Saint Knight on the wanted list? Do you think those normal soldiers can achieve such a feat? If he gets a change of heart and decides to come for my life after we provoked him, do you think you or those people out there can protect me?” Prince Son then began to swear and scold at the trembling official lying outside the throne room’s floor: “Scram! In three days, have your things packed and forever leave the capital! I am to never see you again in my sight! I can forgive mistakes, but I cannot forgive stupidity!”

Subsequently, Regent Son personally crossed out Rodriguez’s name from the wanted list. As such, no pursuer ever came into contact with Rodriguez after the coup ended.

“I couldn’t move fast enough to recruit such a strong expert, yet he wants me to go hunt him down……”

Prince Son may have been smart enough to not provoke such a person, but he’s not generous enough to let someone else recruit such a master!

After all, Rodriguez was still a member of the rebel faction in the coup. Changing it to any other person, would they be able to do such a thing?

Vivian was still too fresh when it came to these matters so such thoughts never even crossed her mind. Fortunately Ziggy was a mature and attentive guy: “Sir, I believe that if we let you go like this, I fear we will all be punished by the time the Duke returns….. And, although the Dean isn’t presently here, but Mrs. Dean’s word carries the same weight as the Dean. With her authority, no one will object to the decision!”

Whether it was this bunch of students or even the Duke’s bodyguards, and pretty much everyone by now…… They’ve all recognized the beautiful Vivian as the future Duchess.

While the Duke was away, the Duchess is king!

Rodriguez only needed a minute before nodding in agreement.

Meanwhile standing on top of the castle tower, the beautiful Marquise was peering out the window when she noticed a bunch of magic apprentices surrounding a middle aged man and the cute little Vivian. With only a glance at the group entering the castle ground, she easily recognized who the man was: “Eh….. He is, Rodriguez?”

Subsequently, Madam Lister fell into deep thought inside her room.

Du Wei … … How much secret did he hide? Even a guy like Rodriguez is knocking at his door?

The more she thought about it, the more helpless she felt.

Muse oh Muse … … I let you follow that guy around yet you achieved nothing. What shall I do with you if you waste my efforts like so…..

This Mage Vivian… …

Thinking of this, Madam Lister came before a mirror in the room and slowly touches her beautiful face. Made of crystal glass, this exquisite mirror finely reflects the impeccable image of its owner.

Towards the image in the mirror, Madam Lister was filled with pride at her own reflection because she was convinced that none on the continent can match her for the gods have graced her body with the immunity of time. Delicate and firm, what should have been a skin of some middle aged woman was peerlessly soft. If she wills it, thousands will submit before her feet…..

There was no doubt that this was the standard contour of the Lister bloodline. For generations, men and women of the Lister house have been subject to this extreme appearances.

For example: her father used his charming presence to succeed within the aristocratic circle inside the capital. She herself also used her peerless beauty to snag numerous dignitaries under her skirt……

Yet … … This Du Wei.

In this world … … Can there really be a person capable of escaping the Lister Family’s love spell?

Marquise chuckles. Looking at herself in the mirror, she whispers these words with her attractive lip:

“I don’t believe it! Du Wei, you will be my husband!”

Contrary to the Marquise’s wildish womanly thoughts, Du Wei could care less at this moment for he was currently hiding under the protection of the fortification wall of Watt City with Hussein.

At the command of Rugaard, thousands of soldiers were readying their bows and arbalests for battle.

Meanwhile, Rugaard himself was leading a thousand cavalry troops outside the city, their sights warily looking off into the distance.

Cybuster on the other hand was already going full throttle into battle. From his regular silver Dou Qi to a faint gold shade, Hussein was completely shocked by the sight!

“This young general is really that talented?!”

While he still haven’t broken through the biggest hurdle yet, but….. This Cybuster was at least in the ninth rank by the indication of it!

Not only that, a normal lance in his hands was like a flaming torch, red and searing hot under that pressure he emits!

Whoosh Whoosh

Sweeping towards the Gold Dragon in a brink of an eye, countless flaming Dou Qi spears shot out.

Still, the Second Dragon Prince made no efforts to dodge other than avoiding the fatal points on his body.

Though unharmed, he was annoyed by the fact that the masked man before him did have the ability to stand up to him!

From the beginning of their fight, his perception of Cybuster’s spear techniques was nothing but little pricks from a toothpick.

Therefore, the proud Dragon Prince quickly found himself in a predicament of his own volition.

Cybuster’s attack appears to be incapable of damaging his perfect dragon body….. But……

Dammit, this human’s speed was fast!

So fast that he’s like the wind!

When Cybuster’s speed reached the limit, the only people left capable of following their movement was Hussein and Rugaard. As for everyone else, including Du Wei, they were unable to keep up at ll!

Standing from far, the scene looked like a gold dragon was being suspended in mid-air while being blanketed by flaming red spears shooting out from a silvery fly buzzing all over the place.

Cybuster had already threw out a hundred or so Dou Qi spears at the Gold Dragon’s body: head, neck, chest, back, paws, feet, wings, just about every part you can imagine…..

Nevertheless, the insane defensive body of his foe was starting to grind against Cybuster’s mentality. For any other enemy, the amount of attacks he made and the ferocity of his Dou Qi would have been enough to blow the target to smithereens, yet this was not so. If this keeps up, he feared what would happen next.

In a flash, he instantly turned into a breeze of light and propelled himself a hundred meters away from the dragon. At this pace, Du Wei speculate it would not lose out to the instant transportation spell used by those high level mages!





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 255




Chapter 255 “Everything is for the state.”

When Du Wei once again came face to face with Bohan inside the governor’s manor, their meeting was without a doubt far more enjoyable than the last.

After exchanging some polite greetings, Du Wei went straight to the point and expressed his gratitude towards the soldiers that gave their lives and was willing to assume all the compensation towards the deceased…….

Once that was out of the way, Du Wei picked up the honey flavored tea and took a sip: “Dear Governor Bohan, my aid, Philip, told me you have other requests towards my cooperation plan, is this correct?”

When Du Wei asked this his brow was vaguely wrinkled because he was slightly unhappy about it.

Reflecting back on his offer, there shouldn’t be anything to nitpick about. Although it was because his own territory lacked the needed population to conscript the required number of soldiers, he’s already offering a great deal of paying all financial costs involved. Sure, he’s taking half of the forces, but in name, they are all under Bohan’s name!

So what else does he want?

Du Wei’s certain Bohan will not refuse his offer because if he was in his shoe, he will definitely accept it. Compared to him, Bohan’s need for an army was far more pressing.

“I think the terms I proposed already expressed the sincerity of the Tulip Family.” Du Wei carefully treads his word to test the water: “Dear Governor Bohan, the people are yours, the soldiers are yours, all I’m doing is equipping them with equipment and paying their salaries….. I believe these terms will not be found in any other place across the continent.”

“But in the end you are taking people from my land.” Bohan rudely rebuked.

“No, the correct word is, ‘people of the empire’.” Du Wei softly returned the blow: “Last I remember you are but a Governor of the Empire, not a Lord.”

“This makes it even more imperative that I take responsibility for the people under my care.” Bohan picks up a cup for a sip.

Du Wei could only sigh at the answer.

Bohan’s tone really have some… … Exorbitant taste in there.

Regarding the new terms involved, Du Wei was really having some trouble with it.

Bohan asked Du Wei to provide additional help on top of the original terms: an excellent cavalry general to train the new recruits … … Meanwhile, he also needs Du Wei to provide magic assistant.

Magical assistance? Plainly speaking, he wants Du Wei to provide a magician!

“Cavalry general isn’t a problem.” Du Wei calmly answers: “Once conscription begins, I plan to construct a military barracks between our borders that mainly specializes in training. I may not have a lot of good talents capable in cavalry training, but I do have General Longbottom. I’m sure I don’t need to go over his merits and capabilities…. Although I can’t lend you General 250, I will allow your soldiers to train under him.”

Thinking it over, Bohan finally nods: “I agree that this proposal is feasible, but how are you going to solve the magic issue?”

Du Wei rubbed his nose and wryly smiled: “Governor Bohan … … Although I’m a magician, but please understand that I can’t come in person to help you.”

“But according to my information, you have over 30 mages gathered under your banner.” Bohan points out this key info.

“Most of them are merely magic apprentices without any real fighting capabilities.” Du Wei shakes his head and smirked slyly: “Besides, they belong to the magic academy and are only here for their internship program. Once that is over, the students will return to the capital to continue their schooling….. Even if I promised you, I fear both the regent and the magic council will not permit.”

“Duke…” Bohan stands up and closely looked at the closed door: “There are only two of us here so let’s put aside the charade. I’ll make it blunt; you have no intention of letting the twenty eight kids go back to the capital do you?”

“The correct number is twenty six.” Du Wei revealed a trace of sadness on his face: “Back in the battle at Anglia City, I lost two excellent students.”

“Yes… … But you won’t let these people go will you?” Bohan slowly uttered his words: “And, in addition to the twenty six trainees. I know you have a number of excellent magicians too…. For example, the eighth level grand mage Vivian.”

Du Wei’s eye suddenly turned sharp: “Governor Bohan, do you think I would send my wife to a place six hundred miles away from me?”

“…… Wife?” Bohan became slightly startled by the news.

Damn it! Didn’t the information say this Duke intends to marry those Lister girls? How did it end up like this?

“Then… … What about the two leading teachers from the academy? They should be adequate since they are intermediate level mages.” Bohan immediately gave up on the idea of asking for Vivian. As a man, he also knows there are some things he should go after and shouldn’t. Besides, Du Wei already brought out the word “wife”. He be damned if he doesn’t get the hint by now.

In this world, no real man would throw their wife into another man’s care!

Du Wei smiled: “Governor Bohan … … You may not know the identity of the two leading teachers. They are Master Alley’s disciple! Aside from being genuine members of the magic union, they are also outstanding teachers of the academy. In any case, neither institution would cede such great people from their ranks!”

This time Du Wei was telling the truth.

Although Du Wei certainly would have wanted to stay the magic trainees in the Northwest, but Alley’s two disciples was beyond his reach for they still need to go back to the academy to teach more students for him!

“Why aren’t you requesting help from the capital?”

Du Wei got straightforward and raised this question.

In his view, Governor Bohan shouldn’t have much problem requesting for backup since he’s stationed in the Northwest. For someone as brilliant as Prince Son, it shouldn’t be hard to get several court mages.

Bohan smiled wryly, his face looking tired as he walked up to edge of the window: “Duke, you…. Seem to be unfamiliar with my background.”

After a pause, he whispered: “Years ago when I came to the Northwest from the South … … The man to endorse me was none other than his highness, the former crown prince. From a political standpoint … … I, he-he … … Can be called a part of the Crown Prince’s faction. Now that Prince Son is the Regent, it’s already amazing that I wasn’t immediately removed from office, let alone ask for help. Therefore, what do you think the answer will be when I ask for help?”

The answer was of course no!

Although Du Wei did not say this out loud, his heart already that would be the case.

Indeed, even if Prince Son was wise and generous, those under him would never allow such a thing to happen.

“Also…… Even if Prince Son did send a magician.” Bohan chuckles: “I’m afraid the people sent over will also shoulder the task of ‘monitoring’ me! If I have to worry about every move I take, how am I supposed to get anything done?! Court mages are out of the question and I don’t have connections in the magic union…..”

At this point, Bohan suddenly gave a deep bow to Du Wei; his eyes could not conceal the fatigue lingering in that spirit of his: “Du Wei … …”

He actually abandoned the official form of greeting and directly called out Du Wei’s name, this left Du Wei startled.

“Du Wei … …” Bohan slowly uttered his words: “I’ve stayed in the Northwest for years … … In my heart, although I was referred by the former Crown Prince, but, I never saw myself as a part of any faction. I, Bohan am an imperial official, a citizen of the empire! If I favored politics, I would have never came to this badland known as the Northwest! Back then I had plenty of ways to stay in the capital….. However, as long as the Northwest rebellion isn’t quelled, this will always be a cancer to the empire. Day after day, I carefully tread my steps to rein in the Northwest Army, but no matter what I try, there hasn’t been any tangible progress. One day things will spiral out of control here, this is a must…. But while I grow older, I remain powerless to do anything!”

At this point, Bohan grew sincere: “I know you probably still hate me for causing trouble when you first came to the Northwest…. I can apologize to you right here and then…. When you first came, I naturally had some grievances. To me, it felt like the capital was trying to trim my authority. Considering your age, I never thought you would amount to anything. For that, I resented you, hence the reason for my actions.”

After a pause, Bohan sighed: “In one year, seeing your every move in the Northwest, I was finally convinced by your ability to uplift the Desa Province. I thought and thought. We may have a barrier around us, but our goal is one and the same. That’s when I made a decision…..”

Reaching here, Governor Bohan came before Du Wei and deeply bowed with sincerity: “Duke, everything is for the state.

Looking at this old and tired Bohan, Du Wei’s heart shuddered with realization. Standing up, he also gave a deep bow of respect: “Five people and no more… Also, the group will rotate every three months. In addition…. I will try to get you a real mage. Govnernor Bohan….. Everything is for the state!”

Only at that response did Bohan let out a relieving sigh.

“Du Wei … … Our bond isn’t deep… … So let me say a word of truth. Even if this barren land known as the Northwest is cleaned up, I fear I won’t have the pleasure of keeping my post when that day comes! I know Prince Son is a wise ruler…. But politic is politics. As long as he needs me here I will be safe from his ire. But when the day comes when I’m not needed….. Duke, the Northwest and its people will need you to lead them in the future!” By the time Du Wei came out from Bohan’s study room, he was personally led by this loyal subject of the empire.

Without delay, he immediately left for his destination.

Inside the carriage, Philip couldn’t help but be touched by the story: “Lord…. You really promised him?!”

Du Wei nods and smiled: “Not only did I promise to give him people; I also agreed to give him our newly developed weapons from Anglia City. You remember those jars of gunpowder? He is offering to pay us for them.”

Philip knits his brow. After endured for so long time, he finally caved in and bitterly asked: “You….. isn’t that a bit too generous?”

When those words came out, even Du Wei couldn’t help but laugh.

Looking back at it, this really wasn’t a match of his style!

Whenever he does things, he’s always been hardheaded and wouldn’t give any advantage to the other side. Yet, he not only accepted the other party’s proposal, he even added icing to the cake.

Of course … … It’s one thing to spread the product; it’s another to spread the actual formula for the gunpowder.

“I help him because he is truly a good official.” Du Wei sighed: “Unlike those selfish aristocrats, he’s a good guy. Everything is for the state!”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 256




Chapter 256 “Poor Aoi”

It was already the eighth day by the time Du Wei returned to Loulan City.

Originally he had a bunch of things to take care of at first, like interrogating the female assassin he caught, but he was delightfully surprised to hear of Rodriguez’s arrival when he stepped into his home. For this reason, he tossed everything aside and rushed off to meet this famed Saint Knight!

It can’t be helped! Amazing people takes precedent!

Why?

Because the only two Saint Knight on the continent was now in his pocket!

However, when Du Wei excitedly came to see this Saint Knight in person, his heart quickly sank when he noticed the undisguised disabled right hand hanging there before his eyes.

How can he be so heavily injured?

Why didn’t Hussein tell him about this?

“You’re looking at my hand?” Rodriguez calmly smiled as he pointed out Du Wei’s thought: “You must be thinking: “It wasn’t easy to get such a good fighter to come, yet when he came, the guy’s crippled right?”

Sighing, Du Wei smiled wryly as he sat down next to Rodriguez.

But it didn’t take long for Du Wei to notice something was different here.

Du Wei had seen this Saint Knight before. The first meeting was in a hurry when Rodriguez was still in service to the former crown prince. His impression at the time weren’t all that strong for he was too busy dealing with that Death Mage, but the monstrous aura coming off from Rodriguez could not be denied!

Then the Second time happened during the confrontation outside the royal castle. In front of thousands of people, this Saint Knight used his formidable strength to slay a ninth level knight in one strike…..

Such a scene cannot be forgotten even if he wanted to.

At that time, Rodriguez was like a sharp blade that’s deliberately hidden behind a sheath. But no matter what, the greatness could not be hidden behind a simple cover.

But now, the Rodriguez in front of him……

A strange feeling was growing inside of Du Wei. Seriously, was this middle aged man in front of him really the real Rodriguez that he once saw?

The dominating aura seems to have completely disappeared, like a sword that had lost its sharpness…. No matter how he looked at it, this person was nothing more than a pale, quiet, middle aged man.

“I’m guessing you must be somewhat disappointed.” Rodriguez smiled.

“Not disappointed.” Du Wei shook his head: “Just shocked…. Your hand?” Du Wei coughed at his carelessness: “I think there shouldn’t be anyone capable of taking your hand in this world. If I had to think of someone, there should only be one guy….. But that old lizard is unlikely to appear anywhere near the empire.”

“It was I whom chopped off my right hand.”

Rodriguez’s answer really surprised Du Wei!

“You … … yourself?” Du Wei forcefully gulped.

For those that had reached sainthood, it won’t have too much impact on their fighting capabilities even if they lost a hand. After all, sainthood means the individual had already broken through the so called sheer strength barrier and into the level where “control” was the key to power.

“I remember I asked Hussein to bring ‘Beauty under the Moonlight’ to you.” Rodriguez’s voice seemed to have a touch of loss mixed in with his words: “When I gave up that sword, I was already ready to give up my right hand.”

Seeing Du Wei was still somewhat in a daze, Rodriguez continues to explain: “Beauty under the Moonlight never belonged to me. Years ago, my teacher only ‘lent’ me it to use. And today, this blade not only cannot help me advance, it became a chain that holds me back.”

Lifting his right wrist up, he rubs the end as he chuckles in a self-deprecating way:

“This was a difficult decision to make for me. When I wielded both the Ice Dou Qi and the legendary sword Beauty under the Moonlight, I had enough power to stand at the top of this world……Yet, I had to abandon all of this. I feared my own weakness. I feared I was going to fall into my own temptation! In order to end all attachment, I ruthlessly lopped off my right hand! Only by doing this will I be able to come out of the shadow of that sword.”

Du Wei couldn’t fully comprehend the idea, but if Hussein was here, that guy would have completely agreed with Rodriguez.

When you already had a mountain of gold, could you so easily let go of it?

Of course not!

Du Wei may not be able to fully understand their logic, but he had to give props to Rodriguez’s supreme perseverance. For this reason, he didn’t comment on their strange logic pattern.

Like a way to mask his inner thoughts, Du Wei picks up a cup and wryly smiled: “Well then Sir Rodriguez. I heard from Hussein that you came to the Northwest to help me under advice from someone. I hope this is true, otherwise I will be greatly disappointed.”

Rodriguez smiled: “I may have lost my right hand, but I believe I wouldn’t fall so low to become a useless trash. Duke, if you are willing to accept me, I’m willing to assist you in the coming future.

All right then!

Only like this can Du Wei truly be relieved. A Saint Knight was still a Saint Knight, even if the person was missing a right hand; the power of a saint level warrior doesn’t just get up and leave.

“I still have a question.” Du Wei suddenly thought of one thing: “The question has been bothering me for a while now….. I’m afraid only you can give me the answers.”

At this point, Du Wei takes in a deep breath: “Your unique technique, Ice Dou Qi, and ‘Sigh of the Frost Moon’…….. Did you impart your skills to any other person? I recently met a young man whom also knows these techniques, and his Ice Dou Qi was at a considerable level already.”

What disappointed Du Wei next was the tightly knit brow that came out of his question. Shaking his head, Rodriguez answered: “No. My martial skills were all passed on to me by my teacher….. I believe my teacher didn’t teach anyone else either. Though my teacher has a lot of students, I seem to be the only one that learned martial arts from him.”

“Who’s your teacher?”

Rodriguez grinned: “Blue Ocean.”

Peng!

The sound of Du Wei’s cup shattering into multiple pieces reverberated across the deadly silent room.

After Du Wei finished his conversation with Rodriguez, our main hero walked out of the room with eyes full of gloom.

“Bloody hell … … Ice Dou Qi, Snowy Mountain’s disciple…. Damn it, this whole situation is so damn complicated! Cybuster’s martial skills are actually that of the Snowy Mountain sect! What, so that Rugaard is related to the Snow Mountain?”

Things just got way out of hand…….

According to Rodriguez’s request, a separate courtyard was set aside for him to train. With that out of the way, Du Wei’s first priority now was to go interrogate that poor female assassin.

If this female assassin was part of the Snowy Mountain too, then what’s Rugaard’s relationship with that sect?

A disciple of the Snowy Mountain assassinating another disciple of the Snowy Mountain, now that’s rich!

Ever since Aoi was seized by this Duke Tulip back at Watt City, she really suffered a lot in his care – sealed inside a crate for eight full days. Aside from the cramp space and inability to move, things got worse when stacks of hay were dumped on top of her, thus making her feeling like a wrapped dumpling. Then there was the air. Though a vent hole was made to let her breath, she still felt like she would suffocate multiple times during the ordeal.

“Damn this Duke Tulip… … What is he planning to do with me?”

Eight days long, never once did he look at her. It’s almost like she didn’t exist in his eyes….

But … … Aoi’s heart does feel a little lucky at the outcome of not being “interrogated” anymore. Though she’s been trained since small to utilize her womanly charms as a weapon, but…… Those eyes from this young man when he stripped her of all her clothes…….

Aoi’s not blind, those eyes weren’t that of a man lusting after a woman. When their gazes met, Aoi can only see a deep sense of mockery and contempt from that young man.Like a cat looking down at a mouse!



Whether it was anticipation or fear, Aoi was psychologically prepared for whatever was to come.

Well, she may say that but that wasn’t actually the case. Rather than saying prepared, it’s more appropriate to say she had “given up”.

For this reason, when Du Wei first stepped into the cell where Aoi was shackled against the wall, he never expected the first words to come out of this seductively poised girl would be:

“You… … Finally came to XXXX me eh!” (It means he came to rape her in case anyone doesn’t get the hint)

Du Wei: “……” (Utterly speechless)

If not for the reason that he needed to maintain an “interrogator” image, Du Wei would have laughed so hard that he be rolling on the floor.

“What did you say … … XXXX? Did I hear you right, did you really mean ‘XXXX’?” Du Wei painfully tried not to laugh, but his self restraint only made his face look awkwardly weird. As such, his goodwill only made this female prisoner even more uncomfortable.

“Am I not right?!” Aoi reluctantly raised her head high to retaliate. Only by doing this can she hide her fear: “Isn’t those methods the most efficient way for you to deal with a female prisoner?!”

This girl may have the greatest body out there….. But this girl seems to have a screw loose in that head of hers.

Du Wei sighed. Are they all crazy up there at Snowy Mountain? Sending a simple minded girl to perform such a task.

With keen interest, Du Wei deliberately approached Aoi to the point where his nose nearly touched the girl’s face. Then with a malicious grin, he carefully looked over the attractive body before him…….

Those eyes looked very picky…..

Aoi’s first reaction was this weird thought.

As if there’s no appreciation … … But picky! Like this damn noble was using a critical, or dis satisfactory gaze to look at her amazing body!@!

Such eyes suddenly caused Aoi’s grievance to erupt after suppressing it for so many days.

He’s actually dissatisfied? What qualification does he have to not be satisfied! It took a lot of work and training to tone her body into this work of art! Even those back on top of the mountain considered her to be a true beauty! Yet her seductive and alluring pose right now isn’t enough to satisfy him?!

Although these dirty thoughts kept popping up in her head, Aoi still tried her best to hide her bottom part with her legs from Du Wei’s forceful eyes.

“Your assets are really good.” Du Wei deeply sighed.

Listening to this “praise”, Aoi’s eye suddenly began to tear up. Somehow, those words gave her a sense of humiliation that she couldn’t figure out where it was coming from.

After being stripped naked that day, this blasted noble tied her up and then threw her into a crate like a dead dog. These days, all she had was the same dirty red dress from that banquet. Both stinky and smelly, she never felt so dirty in her life from all the dust and stains….

Even if he wanted to execute her, couldn’t he at least let her take a bath?!

“You are lucky today.” Du Wei crossed his arms and took several paces back: “My mood today was really bad after receiving some really bad news. Before I came here, I was planning to punish you hard to vent my anger and frustration. However…. Your luck is good. When I walked in the door, your first sentence made me very happy. As a reward for pleasing me, I can now let you go. But……”

Du Wei gently raised his hands and made a snipping gesture with two of his fingers. At that, the shackles binding Aoi instantly cracked and split apart.

“I’ll give you a chance, an opportunity to suffer less. Now you can make your body feel better while I get someone to bring you a pen and paper. I want you to write all that you know…. Your history, the Snowy Mountain behind you, I want to know it all. One by one, I don’t want a single piece of information missing by the end of it. If you are smart, you will do as I say. And I mean everything and anything you know, even if the details are…… uhumph, dirty and elicit, including how they go to the toilet and how they pee, I want to know it all! I’ll give you three days to write them all out. Then when I come back in three days….”

At this point, Du Wei deliberately paused and looked the female prisoner in the eye: “If, however, three days later, I’m not satisfied with what I get…. Dear Miss Aoi, you can expect some serious punishment from me.”

After saying all this, Du Wei took a step forward and gently pinched Aoi’s chin. Lifting her head up to face his, Aoi’s fear became blatantly obvious.

Subsequently, under Aoi’s low shrieking voice, Du Wei’s hand quickly slipped from the chin and made its way down to the girl’s mountainous breasts….. From there, all sorts of groping actions began to take place!

“This … … bastard! He’s not only touching me, he’s even pinching my tit!!!”

Retracting his hand back after satisfying his desire, Du Wei pulled his hand up to his nose and sniffed it with great pleasure. Then watching the pathetic and pitiful prisoner, he lets out a deep sigh in a very obvious mocking tone: “Ahhh….. Dear Miss Aoi, I must recommend you this…. It’s time you took a bath!”

After saying that, Du Wei left the cell while cheerfully laughing his way out. And just before he closed the door behind him, Du Wei made sure to leave behind a word that left Aoi somewhat puzzled.

“Humph, 35D*Breast Size*… … Remember, you have three days to satisfy my demand….. If by then you can’t meet my demand, I guarantee your suffering will be ten times more tragic than whatever ‘XXXX’ that you spoke of.”

In a loud thud, the cell door heavily closes to leave behind the terrified looking Aoi.

What does this jerk mean by that “35D”?





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 257




Chapter 257 “Fatal beauty”

“Hanyue” is a very beautiful name; likewise, Hanyue herself was also a beautiful girl.

(Her name is a direct translation, meaning “Regretful Moon” which will fit nicely with her role in the story.)

However, like the old saying goes: “beauties don’t live long”, hence the reason for her destined tragic life.

Hanyue is sixteen years old this year. She does not have milky white skin like the other girls of the Roland continent; instead, her skins are silky smooth and carried a golden wheat color. Those that knew her would always say her eyes are as bright as the night’s moon. Unfortunately, her beauty will bring her nothing but misfortune in life.

Hanyue’s father was the son of a tribal chief and her mother an average woman with a face that can only be called ordinary. But it was exactly because of this characteristic that saved her mother from becoming a plaything of the slave traders.

To sum it all up, Hanyue was an offspring of a slave, thus making her a slave as well.

She was born on the Roland continent. Although her skin and appearance carried obvious traits of the Southeastern Sea, she could write simple words like her name in the Roland language.

However, being a child of a slave, Hanyue was destined to be a slave like her parents … … And the saddest part of it all was that her stunning beauty manifested itself very early in her life. Compared to all the youths in her childhood, Hanyue always stood above the rest, yet she could not understand why everyone would look at her with pity and shame in their eyes.

After slightly growing up, Hanyue finally understood the meaning of those eyes.

Beauty became her greatest sin!

At age twelve, Hanyue was bought by another slave trader from her original owner. From then on she was forced to undergo training…. Those shameful practices. Imagine a twelve year old girl completely deprived of dignity and forced to learn how to please the opposite sex…..

If she continues to follow the normal life of a beautiful slave girl, Hanyue could already see her future fate at the tender age of twelve.

Yes, because of her beautiful body, her future will be bought by a wealthy aristocrat or businessman, and then become a plaything to be ravaged by her owner. After the master tires himself of her, she will be thrown to another master…. Later on in life if she became too old and ragged without any more charm, she might be randomly married off to a plantation slave or laboring slave…. And then have a child with that person to continue the cycle all over again using her children….. If her child was a boy, he will be sent off to endless labor. If her child was a girl with enough beauty as Hanyue, the girl will also share the same fate as her mother. This is the fate of all slaves in the empire! This was her fate!

Therefore, when Hanyue and the other girls were sold to the Northwest Army, Hanyue fell into despair over life. As a child, her mother would occasionally tell her stories about the Southeastern Sea and the pearl like islands that were distributed across that vast blue ocean.

Pearl … … Never in her life did Hanyue have the chance to see one.

Then subsequently, the god of fate played a big joke on her and twice at that.

The first time she was told that she would be ‘rewarded’ as a gift to a powerful general in the Northwest Army. What is the Northwest Army, she didn’t know. But she knew that her life as a young maiden was about to come to an end. Those shameful and elicit things she was forced to practice and learn will soon come into practice…… Also, she cannot do anything to upset her future master, otherwise, her parents back home will face a miserable fate.

Yet a day later, things completely changed. She and the other girls were thrown into a dark cell. In there she could smell the foul stench of rot and death. Even worse, some of the other older girls were whipped and tortured before her.

At the time Hanyue didn’t know but because of the assassination attempt during the banquet, she and the other girls were already sentenced to death.

Another day passed and she along with the other naked girls were forcefully locked inside a cage to be taken to the outskirts of the nearby forest. There, they became their plaything, their “prey”.

The second time was when she thought she was about die. Those rude barbaric soldiers waved their blades in front of her and forcefully drove her into the forest like animals. All she could hear in the background while she ran were their cruel and menacing laughter.

When running in the wood, her beautiful legs were scratched by thorns and her stamina quickly depleted from being starved overnight. She haven’t ate for a full day already, how can she not be drained?

Hanyue was prepared for death at this point…. Compared to what awaited her in life, maybe death was a better choice.

However, when listening to the screaming cries of the other girls in the forest, Hanyue could not suppress the fear that gripped her heart. Maybe it was her survival instincts in the works, but her desire to live stood above everything else at that moment.

She struggled with all her might to run, even when her feet suffered from deep cuts, she felt no pain… that was until….. She fainted.

It can be said with no exaggeration that the two twists in her fate brought out completely different outcomes in her “future”.

By the time she awoke from her slumber, she was already grouped up with some of the other girls. Out of the ten girls caged together with her, only six remained – this includes herself.

Does this mean she can continue to live now? Or is she going to be handed off to a new owner? A plaything for the new owner?

Hanyue and the other girls ended up together in a carriage without any indication or where they were heading off to, nor did anyone explain the situation to them. However, it seems their luck wasn’t so bad. At the very least the new owner gave them food, clothes, and blankets to keep warm at night.

Eight days later, Hanyue came up to a big city. To her surprise, she had never seen such a big city in her life after living in the Northwest for so many years!

The carriage she was in wasn’t sealed tight. From a small cracked hole in the wooden board, Hanyue peered out from a corner and saw things she never dreamed possible: a huge fortification wall, people wearing strange garments from the prairie, hordes of livestock being herded, gallant soldiers patrolling the city, and the satisfied smiles of the people walking through the streets.

Finally, they were eventually brought into a castle.

The people here did not mistreat them. Compared to the rude and brutish soldiers of the Northwest Army, her impression of the guards here were serious and quiet.

After being locked inside a room for a day, Hanyue was overjoyed to be given a loaf of hot bread at night! Huddling herself in a corner of the room, she desperately gnawed away at the bread like a greedy little mice. Then when night rolled around, she held her knees together and sat next to the window while looking up at the moon.

By the second day of arriving in this castle, Hanyue finally met with her “new owner”.

When the young man with a faint smile walked into their room, her first impression was that he was too young….. Compared to herself, the person standing in front of her was about the same age. But Hanyue had perceptive eyes for she can feel the gaze coming off from the guard behind her was that of worship and veneration.

And what caused Hanyue’s heart to beat even harder was the smile coming off from this young man…. The way he smiles looked so good…..

“From now on I’m your new master. You can call me young master. Or … … Duke.”

This was the first time she heard Du Wei’s voice.

“And, starting today, you will find that I am the kindest master you’ve ever encountered. But … … in return, you must satisfy me because I will give you a chance to change your fate.”

Du Wei looked at the six frightened rabbit like girls before him. His words are slow but very clear, “Here with me, you can get comfortable clothes, delicious food, and appropriate freedom. But you must understand that your life is mine. I won’t casually give you to some guy and wantonly spoil your chastity… … But as your master, you must always be ready to die for me. In return, I will meet your demands to the best of my ability… … However, there’s only one chance and only one.”

Speaking up to here, Du Wei’s attention was already on Hanyue.

There was no doubt about it. Even if her face was filled with fatigue, even though there are wounds on her leg, even if she just kneeled there in an obscure corner of the room, Hanyue’s beauty was the most outstanding among these “preys”.

Her beauty was like a flower growing strong in the mountain crevice, full of life and feministic beauty.

“What’s your name?” Du Wei looked at the girl and gently smiled.

“……Hanyue.”

The tone was low but beautiful.

Du Wei nodded: “Tell me, what is your greatest wish?”

Du Wei’s eyes may be calm, but Hanyue instinctively felt a sense of fear running through her body! Although the demeanor of this young man before her was friendly and kind, the vibe she was getting felt off, especially those eyes! They are so scary!

“I…..”

“Speak, my child.” Du Wei suddenly walked over and passed through the other kneeling girls. Tapping his hand onto Hanyue’s shoulder, he spoke in a soft gentle voice: “Tell me, what is your greatest wish?”

Although his age was no bigger than hers, the tone coming off from this man sounded so natural. Like he was born above everyone else in this world, always standing from a higher place looking down at everyone else.

“I……” Hanyue suddenly raised her eyes and caused Du Wei to sigh at that beautiful face comparable to the moon.

“I wish… … to be free. I no longer want to be a slave.”

After finishing this sentence, Hanyue closed her eyes. She did not know where this courage came from, but experience tells her that her daring words will warrant a series of merciless whips!

Waiting a long time, the expected whips did not come; instead, it was Du Wei’s gentle hand that landed on her face. Using the kindest voice, Du Wei said the most wonderful thing Hanyue ever heard in her sixteen years of life!

“Alright, starting from today onward, you’re no longer a slave.”

Hanyue’s mind immediately and mercilessly pounded against her chest. Looking up, she stared wide eye at this young master.

“But ….. Your life is still mine.” Du Wei softly spoke: “I can let your father and mother, your entire family, your friends… … be free of the slave status. But in return, your life is mine at any time, any place. My words, it will be your greatest mission.”

Finally, Du Wei tapped her forehead: “From now on, you are their leader.”

Once out of this room with the door shut, Du Wei can still clearly sense the gaze of that pitiful slave called Hanyue looking over his back.

Sighing, Du Wei pondered for a moment and issued a command to the two etiquette trainers on the side.

“You see those girls?” Du Wei watched the forty year old woman standing before him. This woman used to work as the etiquette trainer for the Rowling family while the other one beside her used to work in the palace.

“Starting from today forward, I want them to receive the best educational training … … I ask that all of the girls here possess temperaments equal to that of any aristocratic girl….” Du Wei smiled at his next words: “That girl called Hanyue … … I want you two to train her to the point where she would not lose out to a princess! You understand? A princess!”

As etiquette trainers that spent half their life in the aristocratic circle, what type of things have they not seen thus far? Guessing the Duke’s intention, the two immediately bowed in the most humble way.

Du Wei sighed: “Beauty, had always been the most deadly of weapons.”

An invisible beautiful knife can sometimes be more effective than a thousand knights!

Hussein with his usual aphetic face left with Du Wei. By the time the two was left alone, this Saint Knight suddenly spoke up in an undisguised cold voice: “Du Wei, you…..”

“I what?”

“Don’t think I don’t know what you want to do.” Hussein slowly continues to speak: “Du Wei, I don’t believe in using these poor innocent girls……”

“You’re not happy?” Du Wei suddenly laughed: “Or do you think such a move is a bit despicable….. Or rather it doesn’t coincide with your conduct as a knight? Better yet, you think I’m evil?”

Hussein did not reply, but his eyes already shown his answer to Du Wei’s question.

“Hussein.” Du Wei moves to look up at the greyish sky that felt both murky and miserable: “Look at this! This is the Northwest! There’s no bright sunshine, no spring breeze, there’s only cruelty and coldness here!”

Then he turned around and looked at the Saint Knight before him: “I am what? My army cannot compare to Rugaard’s! My foundation is inferior to Bohan’s! My influence cannot even touch the prairie natives! My mages are outnumbered by the Shamans up at the Snowy Mountain! In this place….. I must survive! It’s not only me, there’s you too! Longbottom, Robert, Dadaneier, and so and so on, everyone in the Tulip Family and the tens of thousands of soldiers backing me, everyone must survive in this place!”

Hussain raised a brow.

Du Wei continues to speak in a very dignified tone: “I don’t think I’m despicable or evil … … If needed, I wouldn’t mind doing things even more evil! I’m not a knight so I don’t mind being a devil in order to survive here!”

Finally, Du Wei gently sighed and became even more firm in his stance:

“If you think I’m evil … … Then congratulations, you guessed it, because I am!!”

If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 258




Chapter 258 “stood up”

Finally the determined date has arrived and everything was set in order while Du Wei waited outside of Loulan City for the Dragon to arrive.

“Hussein, go call Vivian and our beautiful snake girl, hmm … … Also bring out our Ice Dou Qi knight, just go call everyone. We will play a game of dragon slaying.”

Du Wei planned everything out already. When the Dragon arrives, he will have Hussein take the first round.

Though both of them are at the saint level but a dragon’s body far exceeds that of a humans; therefore, Hussein will be at a slight disadvantage. Nevertheless, considering how stubborn this guy was, Hussein should be able to overcome that and force a stalemate.

Adding in Rodriguez, though this Knight was missing a hand, the condition was set for certain victory with his support.

But the only worrying part was his Loulan City. It wasn’t easy to build such a grand city from scratch; he can’t afford to have it destroyed when the battle takes place. To insure this doesn’t happen, he along with Vivian and Medusa will support from the back and forcefully push the dragon away to another location…..

It’s just a dragon Prince. Based on the strength of his party now, no being other than that old lizard in the north should be able to kill him, let alone resist their might…. Dragon slaying, this will be a breeze!

Of course, the best results are: his side taking turns to face the dragon prince. The aim wasn’t to kill the guy; it’s to keep him here for good without any ability to run.

Then when everything was set … … He will summon that red monster and subdue this dragon.

This way around, Du Wei will be able to become the sole magician on this continent to have a dragon as a pet.

One has to admit…. This plan was very good.

Unfortunately things never go as plan…….

Considering how prideful the dragon race was, the Second Prince wouldn’t try any funny business like attacking from the shadows. He will definitely make a grandiose entrance.

That’s what he was expecting anyways…..

Starting from this morning, Du Wei’s being sitting atop of the city wall sipping tea, drinking wine. As the sun hanging over his head got more intense, he went as far as to cast an ice spell to cool himself, almost like a picnic outing……

By the time afternoon rolled around, the wind started to pick up and the sun was soon covered by clouds of dust. Facing the dimly lit sky, even Du Wei felt the heat of battle drawing near.

Although the sun was no longer blazing hot, the wind will still give someone a headache from how hard it blew.

Tick tock, tick tock, time continues to move, yet that blasted dragon was nowhere in sight.

Waiting a whole day like this with his party, Du Wei was starting to wonder if the dragon race had learned how to deploy strategy in their fights.

“It can’t be, is that guy planning to do a night raid? Crap, did he underestimate the IQ of these large reptiles?”

But, unfortunately, when night took hold and the twinkling stars blossomed across the sky…. One of the standing guards came to report that midnight has arrived.

That was when Du Wei sighed and stood up from his chair. Looking around at the companions beside him, he made a sad and bitter smile:

“Umm … … As things stand now, there is only one possibility. Everyone … … I think we’ve probably been stood up.”

Who would have thought that the dignified and proud dragons would pull something as despicable as standing up a foe after they issued a “duel”. Worst of all, some of the strongest people on the continent ended up waiting a whole day for nothing because of it.

Du Wei didn’t know whether to cry or to laugh … … Or worry whether this dragon will make a surprise attack in the future.

“Alright, alright … … Fighting likely won’t happen today. Let’s go back and have a good sleep after washing up.”

Just when Du Wei finished his sentence, Vivian’s surprised voice came from behind him: “Ah! Look!” She points a finger into the distance.

Some distance away on the main road, a figure was slowly making its way over in the darkness.

Is it that Gold Dragon?

Doesn’t seem like it … …

Silver hair, fluttering dress, sleek body, this person was like an ornament that brought life to its surroundings.

Finally, when this person was approximately two hundred meters away from the city gate, this woman raised her face and smiled directly at Du Wei.

Despite the long distance, Du Wei could clearly make out that beautiful face due to his exceptional senses. Those cold yet prideful eyes, there’s no way Du Wei can forget that violent temperament.

“I say, what are you people waiting for?” The woman standing out there smirked even harder: “I think the guy you’re waiting for won’t be coming.”

With that, she reached behind herself and pulled something out to wave it in the air. Then throwing it over, this shiny object landed right in front of the city gate.

Peng!

This object was obviously the golden lance used by that Second Dragon Prince.

But unlike before, the grip was broken and cracks circulated across the entire rod.

Following suit, the air behind the woman warped and a green robed figure slowly came into existence.

Compared to their last encounter, this person didn’t look so well. Aside from the two holes in the chest area of his robe, even his iconic green hat was missing. Then there’s that white silvery hair of his, scattered and messy, even that beard looked shorter than before

Ughhh … … Are those burn marks?

Du Wei lapsed out for nearly ten seconds before coming out of his stupor. Then taking in a deep breath, he gave the newcomers a serious look:

“Hey! I say, as one of the strongest being on this continent, how can you make a habit of always being ‘late’!”

The agreed date was supposed to be three months after their separation, but from their appointed day, this guy and his female disciple waited one year and twenty three days to show up in the Northwest.

After opening the gate, Du Wei personally led his companions to greet the master and disciple duo. Vivian on the other hand kept squirming behind Du Wei and left only half her head out like she feared the pair: “Sis-sister.”

Joanna picked her brow as she watched her sister: “I thought you would become stronger after staying so long in the Northwest…. Hey, why are you cowering behind this guy? It’s not like I’m gonna eat you!”

Du Wei on the other hand was too busy assessing this green robed guy to pay attention Joanna’s complaint.

Looking at it from a magician’s perspective, Du Wei got the distinct impression that this old man was very weak at the moment. It’s almost like he just came out of a fierce battle, and not just one at that.

That robe’s clearly been burned. Then there’s that beard of his…. Who can possibly drive this Magister into such a mess?

“What are you looking at?” Green robed Gandalf unkindly hollered at Du Wei.

“I’m just guessing who on this continent can beat you so badly.” Du Wei raised one corner of his mouth before coughing once to clear his throat: “I say dear teacher…. You said you will seek me out in three months, yet one year had passed since then. Don’t you think a little apology is in order for being so late?”

Green robed Gandalf rolled his eye at the comment: “Quit yapping gibberish. I’m in a bad mood right now. If you cross me right now, I don’t mind turning you into an ice crystal to sooth my fury. Now show me the way. It must be very comfortable here in your place. I need one hundred barrels of wine and a comfortable room….. Within the next month, don’t bother me.”

Du Wei also rolled his eye like the old gramps, but he did notice the long flute hanging off of Gandalf’s waist – only half of the flute remained.

Du Wei knew this old guy had some weird habits so he’s wise enough to not rattle the hornet nest. Besides, he can just ask Joanna afterwards.

“We went to the North. North of the Frozen Forest.” Joanna’s answer made Du Wei gasp.

“Teacher said he really want to see that Dragon Chief whom killed him once. For the dignity of a powerful individual, he wants vengeance.”

Du Wei shrugged his shoulders.

Revenge? This vengeance really was odd.

Hmm, what, you kill me once and now I’m going to get revenge for myself?

“Did you see that old dragon?” Asked Du Wei in a whispering voice.

Joanna sighed: “Who do you think can beat my teacher so badly?”

Du Wei nods: “Able to come back alive is a real eye opener already.”

Hearing their conversation, Green robed Gandalf suddenly turned around and cut off their dialogue: “Although I hate to admit it, that old lizard is stronger than me. We originally couldn’t make it back, but fortunately when we made our escape, that dragon encountered some trouble up at the mountain and couldn’t pursue us. That’s when we managed to get out of the tundra field.”

Before Du Wei could ask what that trouble was, Joanna already followed up with the next part.

“As we made our way back, we encountered that little dragon last night. We were fuming already after our encounter with that old lizard, so when we saw him……”

Gandalf sneered loudly: “We saw him as an eyesore so we killed him.”

Du Wei smiled wryly inside.

Can’t take the dad so kill the son?

Hmm … … This approach may be a bit low class, but……

It’s very much in line with this Green Hat’s style.





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 260




Chapter 260 “Its only natural one will turn black if they go near the ink.”

Aside from being depressed at the situation, Du Wei thought: this Biliaibuer really was crafty in shirking off the responsibility to him. Whether the outcome was peace or war, he will still end up offending a wack tone of people.

Some time ago back in the capital, Du Wei already had the pleasure of interacting with this Biliaibuer so he knew full well how slick this guy was. In order to show his sincerity after his steward offended Du Wei in the slave market, this Biliaibuer went as far as to break the poor guy’s leg. To top it off, this Biliaibuer had the injured fella tossed in front of Du Wei’s doorstep for a day.

To be able to do something as fabulous as to slaps one’s own face, this Biliaibuer demonstrated he was someone of great endurance. The truth was, this Biliaibuer never had to lower himself to Du Wei. Sure, a Duke’s title was higher than an Earl’s, but Biliaibuer was still a favored figure in the Regent Son’s eye. If not for this reason, how can this Biliaibuer climb up so fast and completely absorb the former Solomon Family’s assets and responsibilities right after the coup?

Towards people like this, Du Wei had to be extra careful!

Thinking of this, Du Wei slowly formed a smile: “Earl……”

Biliaibuer quickly smiled in return: “You and I are old friends, no need to be so formal. Since there are no outsiders around us anyways, why don’t I call you by your name instead? That is if you don’t mind. Likewise, you can call me Biliaibuer.”

Du Wei thought for a moment: “This… Your age is way older then mine, and you are my father’s friend. If you don’t mind, I will call you uncle.”

Earl laughed: “Then from now on in private I will call you Du Wei. I hope you won’t think of it as me taking advantage of you.”

After exchanging some pointless polite words, the two began to get serious: “Uncle Biliaibuer, your familiarity with the natives and their methods will help greatly in the negotiation table. Although the Regent appointed me nominally responsible for the event, I’m still young and inexperienced. For the difficult details, you will have to preside over them.”

Biliaibuer immediately shook his head and smiled: “You are too reserved with those words. Du Wei, you may be young, but your fame far exceeds mine. Who doesn’t know the Tulip name, who doesn’t know your name, the grand Duke of the Northwest whom created countless miracles in this barren landscape? Although the Northwest Army took credit for beating off the native army, but who doesn’t know it was really you whom defeated the enemy? It’s only natural that his highness values your talent greatly. This matter mustn’t be pushed aside….. As for me, it’s more than enough to waive the flag in the background.”

Du Wei cursed the sly guy in his heart. Their faces may look intimate but knives were flying in their words: “Uncle Biliaibuer’s compliment is embarrassing me! No matter what, you are older than me and your insight in these issues outweighs mine……”

“But that’s only because I’m born several years earlier than you. Du Wei, the Regent sent me here to assist you and I will do just that without fail.”

Even after going at it for half a day, the two couldn’t get anywhere because Biliaibuer refuses to drop the “assistant” excuse. At this annoying word, Du Wei can only give in and sigh: “In that case, Uncle Biliaibuer, what’s the tone of his highness and those back in the capital?” Du Wei attempts to get a clearer picture by fishing for info.

Biliaibuer’s eye promptly turned sharp: “Capital? Humph….. What can those bosses back in the capital do? Every day all they do is argue this and argue that, even his highness is troubled by this. At first things were kept internally between the military, then it was with the financial department over the budget, then with the intelligence department, then the argument gets tossed back to the first department and the blaming cycle begins again. Considering how much of a mess the capital is in right now…. Humph, let me speak a word of truth. The reason his highness chose you and this place is likely because the Regent didn’t want the natives to see what a joke those bosses have become.”

Du Wei became furious at the answer. Rambling on and on, this blasted Biliaibuer only mentioned the gossip news…. Does this guy think he wouldn’t pick up these gossips on his own? It’s not like he doesn’t have his own methods of gathering information. Darn it, the guy’s lip simply refuses to open.

Thinking of this, Du Wei couldn’t stop the discontent from showing on his face. Putting the tea cup down, Du Wei cuts to the chase: “Uncle Biliaibuer, we’re behind closed doors, why are you telling me all this? Once we are out of this room, no other will know what we talked about today. What I want to know is whether to go to war, or aim for peace.”

Seeing Du Wei had lost his patience, Biliaibuer understands he cannot continue the act. Its fine to put on a show sometimes, but overdoing it wasn’t good: “You’re too impatient. Hmm…. If you must hear my opinion…..”

Taking a sip from his tea cup, Biliaibuer glances over at the locked doors before speaking in a hushed tone: “Cannot fight!”

Du Wei nods, his eyes continuing to stare at him. Unsettled by Du Wei’s gaze, Biliaibuer follows up with more: “The following words must be kept private…. In my opinion, the prairie and the empire are like a child and a sick adult, both sides wishes to knock each other down but can’t due to difficult circumstances.”

Du Wei smiled: “if you say both sides don’t want to fight, then?”

“Not entirely so.” Biliaibuer sighed: “Both sides understand their foe’s situation. The young child knows he needs time to grow, but if he does wait till he grows up, the adult would have recovered from his illness. By then, fighting will become difficult. Likewise, the sick adult thinks the same way…. Here’s where the contradiction lies.”

The truth was that Du Wei knew about all this mentioned by Biliaibuer, but he needed this “assistant” to be upfront about it. Thinking up to here, Du Wei asked: “Since it’s a contradiction either way, why not fight? Rather than prolonging the pain, why not end it now? No matter what, both sides will eventually have to fight.”

Biliaibuer’s heart jumped at what he heard. Looking into Du Wei’s cold eyes, the only word that came into his mind was “cruel”.

“Your idea is exactly like those pro-war factions in the capital…… It does make sense, but it will be difficult to realize. Let’s say we do attack the prairie natives, can we be certain the Northwest Army will side with us? If they side with the empire then everything will be great, but if they turn on us and stab us in the back…. At that time, the empire will be in serious peril!”

The last part was spot on.

The empire’s current situation simply can’t afford to endure another war. Whether it was the newly appointed Regent Son or the empire itself, both needs time to stabilize.

After hearing some true words from Biliaibuer for once, Du Wei finally showed a satisfied smile: “It appears what Uncle Biliaibuer said is correct, we cannot fight!”

Biliaibuer quickly cuts in: “This … … This is only my opinion. It cannot be taken for fact! Du Wei, you’re the main negotiator in this mediation, you must make the final decision and not blindly follow my words. If you do decide to go war, I believe the Regent will support you! Before I came here, his highness already went two nights without sleep from all the talks!”

Du Wei sneered inside, “Is he really handing him the power to decide? More like make him out to be the bad man here!”

No matter what decision he makes now, he’s going to offend one faction.

After talking for another short while, this old fox finally excused himself and left Du Wei alone. Not waiting for a minute longer, Du Wei immediately ran off to consult Philip – a subordinate which he’s been growing increasingly reliant on. At first Du Wei despised this young man but later learned to respect Philip for his brain has the workings of a chancellor.

Once Du Wei explained everything, Philip promptly offered a solution after contemplating the problem.

“Duke, I think this whole thing is a hot potato that will burn you either way. Since the Regent tossed the decision making to you, couldn’t you toss it to someone else?”

Du Wei smiled wryly: “I’d like to toss it to Biliaibuer but that guy is as smooth as oil.”

Philip smirked, “If we can’t toss the problem to our own people, why don’t we toss it to the prairie natives?”

“Huh?” Du Wei’s eye lit up like he had just found a guiding light inside a fog. Giving Philip an appreciating glance, Du Wei suddenly bursts out a laugh: “Oh Philip, your ideas are getting more cunning by the day!”

Philip answered with a ‘you got it right’ smile: “Working by your lordship’s side…. Hmmm, what was that saying you told me before…. Ah yes: turn red if you get close to red, turn black if you get close to black.”

Du Wei lapsed out for a second: “What… My words were ‘a person’s personality is decided by whom they associate with’.”

The people of the Roland Empire truly can’t understand Chinese culture, but Du Wei didn’t care: “Philip, you’re saying you learned it by copying me eh?”

Philip smiled: “It’s only natural one will turn black if they go near the ink!”

Since a solution was thought up, Du Wei became much more relaxed compared to before. Therefore, he ordered those down below to prepare for the negotiation event.

On this visit Biliaibuer also brought with him many crates full of documents pertaining to the negotiations. But after Du Wei had a scan over these papers, he quickly came to the conclusion that they were all useless.

To simplify the contents of those papers, it was all “you hit first if you dare, I dare if you dare!”

Seriously, what differences are there between these politicians and a bunch of quarreling kids in a playground?

Hmm … … Throwing this hot potato to the natives…. What a great idea!





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 261




Chapter 261 “Hospitality”

Loulan City has been in an uproar ever since the news of the prairie emissary coming to negotiate spread across the Northwest. Day after day, the topic was heavily discussed in the streets, pub and inns.

Their talks weren’t anything special, simply speculations of what the results will be. However, the majority of citizens were leaning more towards the pro-war faction due to Desa Province’s geographical location. As the first in line to face off against the prairie marauders, the people of the Northwest inherently hated the barbarians. Also, they now have Du Wei to lead them. With someone capable of creating numerous miracles, how can they possibly lose? Perfect timing to give some nasty payback for all the years of suffering they faced.

But differences in opinion do exist. For example: large merchant groups that have connections with the natives. No matter what, merchants love nothing more than peace and talks so they can get on with their business. To this group of people, having access to procure cattle and horses from the natives was a major source of revenue for them. In addition, they can double their profit by bringing silk, satin, and basic commodities on their way in. If this trade route was suddenly cut, their losses would be astronomical. Therefore, many merchant groups, large or small, were paying close attention to what the Duke’s intentions were by having their members wait outside the castle gate day after day.

While opinions run rampant outside the castle, Du Wei on the other hand was leisurely waiting around for the emissary’s arrival. To him, this meeting was nothing more than a little play fight to trample the opposition.

Finally, the day has come. Escorted by a thousand imperial guards from the capital, the emissary group containing a whopping hundred natives arrived at Loulan City.

Led by a person named Hamuye, Du Wei was already aware of who this person was. At forty years of age, this high ranking individual in the royal court of the prairie was the uncle of the current Prairie King. In short, a prince if you will.

(His status isn’t exactly a prince but close enough since there’s no proper translation for his title. More like a half Duke half prince like status.)

Although the majority of the documents sent over from the capital pertaining to the negotiation were mostly useless, the information towards this Hamuye wasn’t. According to the intel given to Du Wei, this person was the chief of a small tribe that had business dealings with the Empire. Among these natives regarded as savages, Hamuye was much more civilized than his peers, a rarity among his people.

Truth be told, Hamuye himself was also very depressed at the current situation. After wasting loads of energy in quarreling with those diplomats back in the capital, he not only didn’t make any progress, he was then pushed over to the Desa Province.

Most importantly though, Hamuye was one of those rare individuals naturally savvy in politics. The prairie natives are a group of people that put strength above all else, but Hamuye himself on the other hand wasn’t an excellent fighter. Different from everyone else, he took advantage of his lineage and inherited his tribe. Then after decades of planning and careful observation, he stood keenly beside his nephew and secured his status in the royal family. To put it cleanly, he’s a person that uses his brain first among a society that values brute strength above all others. One has to admit, he’s got some skills.

But, the negotiations in the capital really struck a cord with Hamuye. While he negotiated with the officials on the surface, he was constantly gathering information in secret regarding the attitude of Regent Son. He knew full well Augustine the 6th wasn’t the one in control anymore; therefore, even at the expense of exposing the spies he planted years ago, he still made a move.

When it came to negotiations, the key to gaining the upper hand was to learn the attitude of the supreme leader. Only by learning what the enemy wanted will one come out on top.

Unfortunately Hamuye was greatly disappointed. After pulling all the strings and throwing money left and right, he couldn’t get a single whiff of useful information. Then all of a sudden, he finds out the negotiation will be relocated to the Northwest and all decisions will be handed off to this Duke Tulip…..

What is this?

Do these Roland people want to fight or not? Or is it… …

This Duke Tulip may be younger than Regent Son, but Hamuye wasn’t foolish enough to think it would be easier to deal with his new foe just because he was a kid…..

Whether it was politicians or officials, Hamuye could always find their weaknesses. Why? Because there was always a pattern to people like that. This Duke though was different and posed a serious problem for Hamuye. If the person was a simple kid, he can make some decent guesses based on the rash habits of a young mind. But he’s a Magician of all things!

It’s no mystery that Mages are irrational in their behaviors and does things on a whim.

These days, Hamuye’s been wracking his brains out scanning through the information he hastily gathered on this Duke Tulip. In the end, he reached a very frustrating conclusion: he’s a tiger biting a turtle, no room to get in.

Greed? They will most likely have that but how was he possibly going to satisfy a magician?

The opposite sex? The young Duke’s only 15 years old … … And it’s said that he even rejected the number one beauty of the empire.

Fame? He already had that down.

Power? Bloody hell, he’s a Duke for goodness sake!

Boldness? From his actions thus far in the Northwest, it’s most definitely true he’s a bold person.

Cowardly? Seems like it too since he backed off from the Northwest Army…..

Cautious? Yes, he’s on the cautious side. At least from the administrative perspective, he’s managed to maintain control over an entire province with merely 20,000 troops….. For a young men of his age, that’s a very difficult task.

Reckless? Definitely reckless! Waltzing into the Northwest Army’s base alone….. That’s clearly reckless to the extreme!

Finally, Hamuye came to a conclusion that nearly drove him crazy:

This opponent, Duke Tulip, was someone that’s not greedy, not perverted, with immense fame, completely bold in his actions, super cautious, and utterly reckless…..

This … … What kind of fucking bullshit conclusion is this!

If anything, the only chip Hamuye had to work with here was that the military friction happened on the Duke’s land – Desa Province.

Maybe this kid would favor war due to his anger…. Or maybe back off due to cowardice.

…. That’s still not enough to go on!

With a sense of dread, Hamuye finally arrived in Loulan City of the Desa Province.

Back when he was heading to the imperial capital for negotiation, he intentionally bypassed this city in order to avoid trouble. However, the first reaction he got when he first laid eyes on this place was:

The Northwest actually had such a grand city?!

Though the rumor of the “three month build one city” spread quite quickly, but this world nevertheless had no television. Whether it was true or not, it certainly left those that didn’t witness it first hand with some doubts.

And now that Hamuye finally got the chance to see this city in person, he really had to gasp at the sight: “Is this city really built in three months?”

“Humph … … I bet it wasn’t actually three months. Roland People are known to be deceitful.”

While Hamuye remained in his carriage and his convoy heavily guarded by soldiers, it wasn’t hard for him to faintly sense the hostility coming from the people’s eye.

“Hmm … … If the people are like this then the leader shouldn’t be too far off.”

Hamuye didn’t take it to heart over the civilian’s attitude because his mind was too busy wondering what kind of attitude should be appropriate when meeting the Duke. Friendly or aggressive?

Finally, his convoy arrives in front of the Duke’s castle with both sides of the street heavily blocked off by soldiers. With his carriage stopping in front of the suspension bridge, Hamuye got off his carriage with the help of two of his young guards before taking a closer look at the officials that came to greet him.

Wearing his official outfit, Dadaneier came right up to introduce himself: “Emissary, please come with me.”

At the reception, Hamuye was slightly resentful. Even if the Duke himself wasn’t going to come out to greet him, they should at least send a deputy and not a simple leader of the city defense. What, is he deliberately doing this to spite him?

Following Dadaneier into the castle, Hamuye was eventually brought into a luxurious reception room. Right before entering, he was still somewhat looking forward to meeting his opponent that looked down at himself. Unfortunately, the first thing that welcomed him when he pushed the door open was…..

A forth rightful looking fatty.

When the two made eye contact, this big fatty quickly stood up and gave Hamuye a big hearty hug like they were close friends.

“What a pleasure to have an old friend coming to visit! It’s a shame this is not the prairie, otherwise we can get some good horse milk wine for entertainment!”

Hamuye became somewhat confused by the warm welcoming. After taking a step back, he managed to figure out who the fatty was: “Oh … … Why isn’t it General Longbottom! It’s been so many years yet your body is still so strong! I heard you joined the Tulip family. Looking back at things, we wouldn’t have gotten to know each other if not for our fights!”

Longbottom smiled like a careless ingrate as he dragged Hamuye into the reception hall. Once seated, Hamuye scanned the surroundings before asking: “May I know where the Duke is?”

“Oh, our Duke’s been busy since last night on a new set of magic equipment. Therefore, he told me to receive you in his place today.” Longbottom laughed wholeheartedly: “Friend, you know our Duke is a magician so it’s natural he would have odd habits. Don’t worry, we are old friends, feel free to speak your mind!”

Brimming with displeasure, Hamuye had no choice but to suppress it: “In that case, I might as well go back to rest. When the Duke is free, we’ll sit down and talk.”

“Don’t rush, don’t rush!” Longbottom grinned and pulled out a document from inside his robe. Wrinkled and smelly, it looked like it was drenched in sweat when placed atop of the table: “His Dukeship already mentioned this. Despite the friction between the empire and the people of the prairie, the friendship between our people is too deep to be tarnished by a simple misunderstanding. Since were such good friends, why not sit down and talk?”

“Now that’s more like it!” Hamuye murmured, “This is……” Looking at the crumpled document which gave off a nauseating smell, Hamuye frowned.

“This is our Duke’s first draft of the agreement. We are all good friends; we should just forget this little misunderstanding. His Dukeship already said: big problems should turn into small problems. Small problems should turn into nothing. Friend isn’t supposed to care about these things.”

“Agreement?” Enduring the impulse to throw up, Hamuye picked up the agreement to have a look. With only one glance, he immediately flew into a rage and slammed the table: “Longbottom! Is the Duke messing with me here!!”

“It’s clearly written here in this “agreement” that as the instigator of the tension between both parties, the prairie must compensate the empire: 30,000 horses, 50,000 cattle, slaves 5,000, and the cost of rebuilding Anglia City…..”

“Longbottom!” Hamuye fumes with anger: “It seems the Duke is not sincere enough to have our peace talk. In that case, there’s no reason for me to be here and endure this farce!”

Longbottom rubbed his nose, the smile fading from his face: “Hamuye, have you ever seen me kid around like this after spending so many years in the Northwest?”

With that, he stood up: “I’m only doing as I was ordered. My job is done. If you must leave then I won’t keep you…. But the Duke did say Lord Hamuye is a wise man. Taking into account the friendship between both sides, I’m sure you wouldn’t be rash. Moreover, this thing isn’t set in stone. We can always talk things over….. Why don’t you take this with you and look it over tonight….. Whatever you don’t accept, you can take it up with the Duke when you two meet.”

Hamuye’s mind suddenly calms down … … “Humph, this Duke Tulip looks to be in the pro-war faction with a strong stance….. Whatever, a strong stance is also a method of negotiation.”

Think up to here, he instead started to laugh: “Fine then, I’ll keep this for now. When tomorrow comes around, the Duke and I can slowly talk things over.”

With that, Hamuye fights to keep his anger down while maintaining a strong smile on his face: “Then please excuse me. I’m exhausted from all the traveling; may I know where I’ll be staying tonight?”

Longbottom laughed: “Old friend, our Duke is a hospitable person and would never snub a friend! Arrangements are in place and will definitely please you!”

With that, this fatty personally led Hamuye through the backdoor and into the “specially prepared” resting location.

Originally Hamuye could still endure the humiliation, but the second he laid his eyes on the Duke’s so called “hospitality”, he nearly lost it!

“Longbottom! you……”

Longbottom continues on with his warm smile: “The Duke said he respects the mightiness of the prairie men. We know your people aren’t accustomed to living inside a building; therefore, we racked our brains out and came up with this idea! The Duke said the highest level in entertaining a guest is to make them feel right at home. Don’t you think this method is perfect? Old friend, can it be you’re not happy?”

Right before the two in the back of the castle grounds, a bunch of tents were erected on the plain hard ground. Looking at how poorly made these makeshift tents were, it’s definitely leaking air…..





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 264




Chapter 264 “such conditions”

By night fall, Du Wei had ordered Marde to decorate a small ballroom and the kitchen to prepare some exquisite dishes while he waited for the Marquise’s arrival.

When the door finally opened, the lady to come in nearly blinded his eyes with how dazzling she was.

Filled with elegance, Mrs. Lister’s body was like a blossoming rose due to the red evening dress she wore. From the slim waist to the graceful style of her steps, this unrivaled beauty gave of a pure yet mature charm that somehow made it unbefitting of that girlish face. To put it simply, this woman had a body of a demoness and a face of an angel.

Under his ogling eye, Mrs. Lister smiles in return and gently performed a curtsy bow: “Your Dukeship, am I late?”

Du Wei gave a loud cough. Standing up, he personally pulled the chair out for the lady and said: “Of course not. It’s just that I lost my composure when looking at your gracefulness.

Mrs. Lister softly looked Du Wei in the eye, her gaze filled with a strange yearning: “I fear the Duke is disingenuous. I’ve been in the Northwest for so long and this is the first time you invited me for dinner between the two of us.”

Du Wei turned around and pretentiously went to grab a wine bottle just so he can avoid the Marquise’s eye. Waving his hand in the process, the waiters all left the room.

Once the door was closed, Du Wei had already positioned himself beside the madam. Pouring her a glass, he then smiled: “Then the lady is blaming me for snubbing my guests? If the citizens back in the capital learn of my poor manners, I fear I will be the first person in the empire to be drowned by the peoples spit.”

Du Wei then returned to his seat and sat down. Raising his own glass for a toast, he wanted to show his sincerity: “This first toast will be my apology to your ladyship.”

Not denying the gesture, Mrs. Lister followed suit with the toast. While Du Wei gulped it all down in one go, the madam only took a shallow sip befitting that of a noble lady.

Du Wei then promptly poured himself another glass: “This second cup is my sincerest wish for your ladyship’s eternal beauty, and to the everlasting bond between the Tulip House and Lister House.”

The Marquise giggles this time and drank a bit more than the last.

Du Wei then pours another cup to reach the third toast: “This third cup is my thanks to you….. Dadaneier said to me…..”

Not waiting for Du Wei to finish, Mrs. Lister cuts him off with that half angry, half complaining mouth of hers: “Your Dukeship, you keep toasting me again and again, it can’t be that you want to get me drunk now are you?” She teases him with eyes that could melt any man.

“Of course not!” As if he couldn’t be awed by her charm, Du Wei cried out his reply without batting an eyelash, “The third cup is my thanks for offering me such a good idea. Hmm, you don’t need to drink this third cup, I will drink it myself.”

After three consecutive drinks, Du Wei also felt a bit tipsy. Gently sighing, he puts down his glass and looked towards the Marquise: “The truth is, other than gratitude, I also admire your ladyship a lot. If not for your idea, I don’t know how long of a headache I be forced to endure.”

The madam purses her lip and softly said: “What could possibly stump your Dukeship when you are so clever. I feared I might have offered some bad advice and be ridiculed by everyone. I just hope you won’t think of me as a blabbermouth. As a woman, I understand my knowledge is limited. Therefore, I can only ask Sir Dadaneier for help.”

“Madam’s goodwill will forever stay in my heart.” Du Wei sternly brought out this sentence.

The Marquise suddenly looks up and peered into Du Wei’s eye, “It seems the reason for the dinner invitation tonight is for that. If not for my help, are you going to keep ignoring me?” Unwavering in her emotions, a strong signal was being sent from her gaze.

Du Wei coughed uncomfortably. Just as he wanted to speak again…..

“Hmm, your Dukeship.” Madame Lister tilts her head to think. She had to admit, her move just now was a bit too charming: “Your Dukeship…. If you want to say thanks then that’s not needed. If you are really grateful then I have a request.”

Du Wei skipped a beat… … It can’t be another wedding proposal again? Hmm, shouldn’t be.

“As long as I can satisfy it without go against my will.” Du Wei first locked down his terms to leave no possibility for a loophole.

The Marquise snorted a laugh because she found Du Wei absolutely charming in his reaction. Those eyes of hers clearly indicating: knew you would say that!

“You can rest assure that my request isn’t difficult for you. In fact, it’s very simple.”

Du Wei got uncomfortable inside and felt regretful over his own folly: “It was going so well, why did I ever decide to invite this troublesome woman to dinner? Seriously, what was my head thinking?”

Only by being alone with this woman can he feel the overbearing beauty and charm extruding off that body of hers.

“I believe you know that my Lister family is a family of business. Although I … … Hmm, although my life has been faced with misfortune with the premature death of husband, but I do have a Marquise title thanks to his majesty’s goodwill. However, my title is only generational and cannot be inherited.” The Madam clearly and slowly spoke: “Because my Lister Family isn’t a noble house, we are not privileged to a territory, but we do have a strong foundation in the north after years of taking root there.”

Once the marquise began her explanation, Du Wei became somewhat relieved and started to get interested.

“…… Your Dukeship knows it too. My family started off by constructing trade in the maritime. But in recent years, the empire had been cutting back more and more in their naval expeditions. If I had to speculate, Prince Son’s plan is to completely cut off military spending to this region. Probably within the next few years, the maritime trade of the empire will become unprofitable. Therefore, I’ve already decided to move my family’s business out of the Southeast region.” Speaking up to here, she deliberately paused to sweep Du Wei a glance just so she can show off the hypnotizing side of her face while taking a sip of wine.

Clearing his throat: “Lady’s decisiveness is admirable. Trade in the Southeast is huge, but your ladyship’s ability to look into the future is beyond the ordinary.”

The Marquise giggles at the compliment: “Your Dukeship shouldn’t praise me so early. I fear you are going to frown after I tell you the next half.”

Du Wei ponders the idea for a moment. Picking up his glass, he also took a sip: “Madam, you said you got things to tell me…. Does it have anything to do with your family business?”

“It’s exactly this.” Madame Lister deliberately moaned a graceful sigh: “I am a woman. Despite being the head of the house and as fortune would have it, I managed to live up to my father’s trust. But these years, I’ve grown extremely tired from the burdens. My brother and sister are still young and I’ve been forced to support everything alone all this time, the stress has really hurt my heart…. Alas, my only wish is to not see my father’s work fall into decline, leaving me to continue to resist by myself.”

Du Wei did not chime in for he knew the next part was the main show.

“While the maritime continues to falter and shrink, I thought and thought…. That’s when you came up. Your Desa Province grows with each passing day and is thriving under your rule. Though the tension in the region isn’t so peaceful, but it’s the main bridge between the prairie and the empire, meaning plenty of opportunity for trading. Hmmm….. After a long time, I finally came to a decision. I hope I can support you.”

Du Wei can faintly guess what she’s getting at: “Your meaning is….”

“I intend to move the Lister Household to the Northwest!”

Listening to the Marquise say this in a serious fashion, Du Wei could not help but be overwhelmed.

Watching his face, the Marquise broke into a laugh: “See, you frowned the second I tell you this.”

Embarrassed by his lack of manor, Du Wei gave a small chuckle to cover up his mistake. Fortunately, the Marquise didn’t pursue the issue and continues: “In the near future, the Northwest here will be filled with opportunities….. Furthermore, forgive me for being disrespectful. Even if the empire does go to war with the people of the grassland, the Desa Province will play a key strategic role. Whether it be weapons, food, tents, these are all opportunities for business. The Lister Family is capable of covering all this. It’s better to take up roots now then to start later in the future.”

Du Wei ponders the idea for a moment. The reasoning is about right, but he got the aching feeling the reason behind her request isn’t what she’s making it out to be!

“Your Dukeship, only you can call the shots in the Desa Province. If I wish to move here, I will need your support.”

“This is only natural.” Du Wei agrees right away. In cases like these, he’s in no position to reject such a great proposal.

“Hmm, I believe in the Duke’s credibility, but there are some things that will still need your personal attention.” The Marquise thought for a moment before asking: “There are several requests I would like to make, I hope you can promise me.”

Du Wei sighed: “Please say.”

“This first one, I ask that Loulan City be the location for my home residence. My Lister Family may not be big, but including staff, attendants and horse groomers, there are still something around three thousand five hundred people. Hmm, be best if it was located near the Duke’s residence with a wide street where public security is good. As for the payment for the land, I can pay the official price.”

“Secondly, since I’m moving, the White Feather knights will naturally follow. Although nominally there are five hundred men in their ranks, but you know very well there are in fact approximately two thousand personnel in total. Of course these cavalry knights cannot live in the city, and…..” At this point, Mrs. Lister smiles at him: “Since I’m willing to work with your Dukeship, it’s only natural I put my trust in you. Before I needed this force to protect me and my family, but now, they are no longer necessary. I firmly believe you would protect us if anything happens. So I thought and thought, the best solution I can come up with is to station them with your soldiers outside the city. From now on let’s have them take up the Tulip crest on their armor. I only need three hundred fifty knights around. As for the rest, they will follow your deployment. Regarding the expenses for the White Feather Knights, the Lister Family will gladly bear half of the costs involved.”

“Then the third… … I know your Dukeship’s army is equipping itself with the gears from that Taklanshan fella. My Lister Family may not be as big as that fatty in the weapon’s industry, but we are of some size. Consider it me taking advantage of you this time. From now on let my Lister Family be in charge of equipping the Tulip army. Considering my relationship with that Taklanshan, I believe he wouldn’t hate me for stealing his business. As for the costs of each weapon, I’ll do fifty percent less than that fat man.”

“Then the fourth … …”

The more he listened, the more stunned he became. Eventually his thoughts were written all over his face.

This…… This woman!

How is she asking him for a favor? This is clearly give one give another! Gift upon gift!!!

Her conditions may sound like it’s her terms for moving to the Desa Province, but she’s clearly doing this to stimulate the economy and to strengthen his forces! Literally throwing money and man power into his arms!!!

If such a good thing were to fall into any other official of the empire, assuming they are not idiots, none would ever decline such an offer!

This Mrs. Lister has a great deal of verve to be so daring in tightly sticking her family with his without question.

“Madam.” Not waiting for her to finish the fourth condition, Du Wei waves his hand to stop her: “Your conditions….. I think as along as the recipient isn’t stupid, none would reject it. It’s just that I feel a little unease at taking such a big gift.

“It’s just business.” Madame Lister smiles: “I may appear to be paying a lot today, but I believe with your talent, my Lister Family will be greatly rewarded in the future.”

“In this case……” Du Wei ponders the question for a moment and said, “I cannot just accept everything like this, otherwise I fear others will say I’m greedy. If your ladyship moves to the Northwest then all taxes will be exempt on the first year followed by a fifty percent tax reduction in the following three years. Afterwards, all your businesses will only pay eighty percent compared to the market!”

Contrary to his expectations, the lady’s face turned glum when he stated his terms: “You…. Just can’t accept my kindness, is that it?”

On such a fine night where wine and beauty was with him, even Du Wei cannot deny his manly instincts. Slightly trembling at the lady’s gripe with him, he hurriedly gulped down his glass of wine and tries to change the topic: “The dishes tonight is something I specially requested from the kitchen, I hope you will like it.”

Though Mrs. Lister’s expression didn’t change, her head did droop down a little: “It’s a little stuffy in here. Duke, why don’t you accompany me for a walk in the garden?”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 265




I’ve been releasing them quietly until I had enough chapters to deserve an update, but I’ve picked up Law of the Devil as a side project where A013 left off. Presently translated chapters are listed below, or found under Law of the Devil in the menu.

Enjoy, and point out any mistakes.

Chapter 000 – The Earl’s Son

Chapter 001-015 (By A013)

Chapter 016 – Intractable Problem

Chapter 017 – Three Hundred Gold Coins

Chapter 018 – A Different Path

Chapter 019 – Beginning! The Devil’s Road!

Chapter 020 – Half Horn City’s Magic Beast Incident



* * *





Chapter 269




Chapter 269 “Mrs. Lister”

Not even caring about Old Smoke anymore, Du Wei rushed down the stairs and directly jumped through the window just so he can save a few milliseconds of time.

Meanwhile in the castle garden, Mrs. Lister was spending the day distracting herself from the problem of the heart involving Du Wei. Unfortunately, as fate would have it…. The commotion of that old Green Hat were simply too big. It’s not known why all the big shots would come out of their long meditation periods with a big bang, but when fate takes a turn for the worse, this is it…..

Directly blowing through the ceiling wall, the location where the old fart emerged coincidentally happens to be the castle garden.

When Du Wei finally arrived at the scene, the first thing to welcome this master of the house was a fearfully white Mrs. Lister and a litter of fallen White Feather Knights on the ground. There were still two White Feather Knights protecting the lady, but anyone can tell these two loyal followers were also in distress from the terrible expression on their faces. Strangely enough, the Marquise would repeatedly utter a classic line like in the movies of old while she continues to retreat backward in utter fear: “You…. Don’t come any closer!” She screams with great anxiety.

The first reaction Du Wei had was to sweep his senses through area. Confirming the knights on the ground were only unconscious from an unknown spell and not dead, some of the urgency inside of him finally relented a bit.

Then watching the two White Feather Knights making their stand against the terrifying old man, Du Wei could do nothing but sigh. If excluding the old dragon up at the north, without a doubt, this Green Hat would be regarded as the mainland’s top expert. As such, how can a few White Feather Knights stand up to an opponent like him? If they somehow annoyed this eccentric old man, Du Wei can’t guarantee this old guy won’t outright turn everyone into corpses.

From the way he appears, Green Robe Gandalf doesn’t look half bad, clearly rejuvenated by the month long retreat inside the cellar. Ignoring the two knights aiming their swords at him, Green Robe leisurely laughs at Mrs. Lister and tauntingly said: “Oh what a surprise…. To think I would have the pleasure of meeting this beautiful lady again on this fine day!”

Feeling his forehead going numb, Du Wei quickly picked up the meaning behind those words: “Does this old guy know the madam? Don’t tell me this guy is a womanizer.”

Bringing with him this strange idea, Du Wei hurriedly ran over to step in between Green hat and the lady: “Stop, stop this instant!” He then looks over at Green hat and smiled wryly: “This….. Dear teacher, this lady is my distinguished guest, you, this…..”

Facing Du Wei, Green Robe Gandalf narrows his eye at him and said: “Eh, your guest?” Coincidentally, the old grandpa also turns his sight at the lady behind Du Wei and carefully assessed the gorgeous madam. After a good moment of careful observation, Green Hat gives off a face of profound understanding like he just became enlightened.

“This, consider it my request….” Du Wei didn’t even have the chance to finish his words before Green Hat cuts him off with a wave of his sleeve: “Fine, fine, fine……. Although her blood is good, but old grandpa here doesn’t particularly must have it. Ha-ha, since she’s your friend, I will let her off the hook.”

Moments later, he rummages through his robe and pulls out a bottle to toss it over to Du Wei: “Considering it’s you, I will lower my demand….. I originally intended to bleed her for studying, but since she’s your friend, I won’t get physical. I don’t need much, just fill up the bottle with her blood for me.”

Once Du Wei finished accompanying this old geezer to a resting place, he specifically ordered his men to arrange a room as far away as possible from the madam for this old man. Only by doing so did Du Wei feel slightly relieved.

Likewise, with the old man out of her sight, Mrs. Lister finally loosened her tense body and partially fainted against Du Wei’s shoulder when he returned. Normally Du Wei would find this uncomfortable and question whether the madam was faking it or not, but this clearly wasn’t case. Completely deprived of energy, Mrs. Lister looked so frail and helpless when tears began to well up in her eyes: “Who…… Who is that man… Du Wei, that terrifying old man, what did you just call him…..”

Coughing once, Du Wei thought it be better to not reveal his relationship with this old man. Changing the topic, he counters the question with one of his own: “Madam, you’re acquainted with this guy?”

Mrs. Lister seems to be a little frightened as she looked Du Wei in the eye, her face somewhat complex: “Du Wei, you really don’t know?”

“Know what?”

There’s some doubt in her mind, but after assessing Du Wei’s reaction for a good moment, Mrs. Lister determined Du Wei wasn’t lying: “Do you still remember how Dadaneier met you in the frozen forest? He was there in order to procure a Golden Eye Python for me and it’s precisely this guy whom cursed me with a spell that nearly caused my death.”

Upon hearing this, Du Wei literally popped his eyes out in disbelief and recalled the story of how the madam got cursed by a strangely dressed old man!

According to Dadaneier’s story, the old man wanted to flirt with the lady but was eventually driven away by one of the Temple’s Holy Knight.

Although Dadaneier mentioned the guy wore green clothes, but Du Wei never in his right mind imagined the womanizer would be someone like the Green Hat. The main reason for this mindset had to do with the fact that in the story, the lewd womanizer got repelled by an eighth level Holy Knight! No matter how you weighed it, Green Robe here would never lose to someone like that. If anything, this eccentric old man only needs to wave his hand once in order to turn any Holy Knight into a corpse. Regardless, considering the Green Hat’s status, Du Wei had some serious issues imagining the old man doing something like harassing a lady.

While Du Wei was busy thinking all of this, Mrs. Lister had been keeping her eyes pinned at him for any signs of mistruth: “This, I didn’t know. However, this old man has some serious background so I believe there must have been some kind of misunderstanding between you two…. I don’t doubt the old man’s eccentricity, but it’s really hard for me to look at him as a lustful person.”

“No, no!” Mrs. Lister’s eye turned red and watery: “It’s true he didn’t try to tease me, it’s just that I have my own difficulties. Back then when I first encountered him, he indeed didn’t tease me, it was for another reason…. Then when the Holy Knight of the temple arrived to drive him away, I needed to come up with an explanation of why he harassed me so I came up with the story of him trying to flirt with me.”

Only like this did Du Wei nod his head in agreement. When it comes to being strange and eccentric, the old man definitely fits the bill, but a womanizer that harasses a lady? Du Wei had some serious doubt on this one. But then why did Green Hat bother her?

Subconsciously, Du Wei tightened the grip on the bottle in his hand and asked: “He…. Could it be that he wants your blood?”

Turning paler at the question, the Marquise becomes even more helpless while in Du Wei’s embrace: “I… I.”

Coming up with an idea, Du Wei slowly helped the lady regain her posture and called for the two knights to come over: “You two first bring the madam back to rest …. Hmm, as for the rest here, you can also bring them back. They are merely unconscious due to a spell. In a few moments, they will likely awaken.”

His reasoning was simple: The madam is a clever woman. Even if he asked, she might not necessarily speak the truth. If that’s the case, it be easier for him to go ask Green Hat.

Sure enough, Mrs. Lister appeared quite reluctant at the idea but had no choice but to leave with the help of her two escorts.

Curious inside, Du Wei also hurries over to Green Hat so he can get the whole story.

Following Du Wei’s instruction earlier, Old Smoke had arranged for a room at the highest floor of the castle for the old man. This floor was usually reserved only for Du Wei’s use, but in this case, exceptions had to be made. When Du Wei arrived, the first thing to welcome him was the strange sight of Gandalf leaning against a chair, curiously eyeing QQ in the corner.

To be suddenly gazed at by a strange magician, this penguin didn’t know how to react and could only freeze there on the spot from the unease creeping down his tingly spine.

Fortunately Du Wei walked in at this time; otherwise QQ wouldn’t know what to do in this awkward situation for up till now, it had always been him living alone in Du Wei’s room.

“Hmm, back already? Did you bring the woman’s blood with you?”

Du Wei opens up his empty palm and asked: “Nope, first I need you to tell me what’s going on.”

Green robe Gandalf pricked his brow: “Kid, I don’t need much. Considering it’s you who’s asking, I decided to only ask for a small bottle. Otherwise, I would have simply taken her away for careful studying if I followed my usual pattern. What, is she your lover?”

“No.” Du Wei waved his hand to motion QQ to leave. Releasing the tension in his body, QQ hurriedly flapped his wing and waltz out of the room using that penguin walk of his.

Sparkling with light at the sight, Gandalf asked: “EH? Your bird is weird, it understands your words right? You only waved your hand and it knew your meaning.”

Grabbing the wine bottle on the table, Du Wei poured himself a cup and chucked the wine down his throat: “Let’s not focus on this topic…. First tell me what’s your relationship with that woman and how did she pique your interest?”

Then, not waiting for Gandalf to speak, Du Wei went over what he and the madam talked about earlier: “According to her, it’s you who originally petrified her.”

“That’s right, it’s me.” Green Robe Gandalf shakes his head with a face full of indifference: “If not for that Holy Knight, I would have snatched her away already.”

“An eighth level Holy Knight would have been wiped clean with a single finger of yours.” Du Wei looked puzzled: “How can someone like that drive you away?”

Green Robe Gandalf shakes his head again: “At that time my other self was still in this world. According to our agreement, we will conduct a duel between us for the right to use Gandalf as our identity after a certain period. The winner gets to use Gandalf as their identity and the loser must go into hiding while keeping a low key. I’m a man of my word. I lost to my other self at the previous duel so I had to keep a low profile. If I suddenly killed an eighth level Holy Knight, the commotion will definitely alarm the Temple. By then, it would be no different from me violating the promise between my other half. Therefore, I decided to deliberately act like I was driven away by that Holy Knight.”

Du Wei nodded for this explanation solved a question lurking in his heart.

Indeed, before the main Gandalf perished in battle, this Green Hat always kept a low profile. Otherwise, with his extraordinary strength and level of knowledge, he would have become an illustrious master famed across the lands.

Sitting down, Du Wei continues with his questioning: “Then what’s so interesting about this Mrs. Lister?”

Green Hat lapsed out for a second, his eyes looking somewhat shocked: “Ha-ha! Kid, I heard you are well learned, guess there are things you don’t know either. From your question, I can tell most of your knowledge was learned from the books right?”

Speaking up to here, Green Hat lowers his voice and grinned triumphantly: “You don’t see the abnormality in the woman?”

“Abnormality?”

Du Wei thought about it: indeed the madam is quite outstanding, both remarkably beautiful and clever. Other than that, he couldn’t see anything else.

“Besides beautiful and clever … Hmm, she also looks younger than her actual age…. I don’t see anything special or out of place.”





If you like this translation, consider donating for a extra release.



* * *





Chapter 270




Law of the devil chapter 270 is out!!! CLICK HERE TO READ

Enjoy guys

I like to make a wonderful announcement, both for me and for everyone.

First off, let me introduce Kevin.

He’s a long time friend that i met in college and current poker buddy on the weekend. From now on, he will be doing the postings for the releases in my place, meaning I won’t have to deal with any of wordpresses issues that i had. I’ll be around checking comments and updating donations and stuff while Kevin maintains the site in my place.

Kevin doesn’t read my translation nor does he read any chinese novel for that matter, he’s doing this because he owes me alot from poker, like alot. As payment, he’s stuck with this gig for the next year.

As for my original plan of moving to bloggers, I’m scapping it for now because this makes more sense for everyone and me. If anything i can always move over quickly thanks in part to a fella reader for formatting wordpress’s XML file to Bloggers. Thank you Daniel, i really appreciated the help because the only thing left to do on blogger was to link the chapters on the index thanks to you.

Anyways, expect another release tonight.





* * *





Chapter 271




Chapter 271 “Two head?”

Bone Dragon?

Du Wei skipped a beat. When it came to a dragon skeleton, he does indeed have a set. Although slightly incomplete, he can improvise if needed. Just when he wanted to speak again, an idea popped into his head: “Teacher is very stingy! Say what? Bring me to the ancient battlefields to scavenge some dragon bones? Humph, you killed a gold lizard already and even trapped his soul. I’ll be dead before I believe you didn’t take his carcass with you.”

Green robe Gandalf became stumped at being caught. Making a guilty smile, he scratches his head: “This, ughhh…..”

Du Wei shakes his head: “Teacher you don’t have to say anything. Since it’s teacher’s treasure, I be embarrassed to make this request.”

Gandalf immediately shouted: “Who said I can’t give you! Humph, merely a set of bones…. It’s just, there’s two problems.”

“Hmm?”

Hearing there’s opportunity; Du Wei immediately revealed an affectionate smile.

“Aigh …” Green Robe Gandalf sighed: “That day when I met that little gold lizard, my heart was stuffing with steam from being injured by his old man. At first I intended to hold back, but my discretion went out the window whenever I recalled my defeat. In the end, I bombarded that thing into dozens of scrap pieces and only managed to salvage a third of the body…. Ughhh, fortunately there’s a lot of scales left. If you use the gold scales, you can make a lot of nice things with them.”

A little pause later, he explains, “Before in history, it is rarely known for the carcass of a gold dragon to be refined into an undead dragon. For one thing, gold dragons are the royalty among their kind, powerful and dominating. Who can kill such a tough creature and take away their carcass? Secondly, as royalty, their companions would always take away their bodies for burial in the legendary tomb of the dragons. Never would they leave the carcass in the outside world. And most importantly, the last reason is… Let me tell you, the bones of a gold dragon are vastly different from the rest of their counterparts. It’s already quite the feat to refine an ordinary bone dragon, imagine doing it with a gold dragon’s carcass? You be dead long before you manage that feat. Then there’s the problem of gathering enough dead spirits to power your spell. You aren’t profoundly attuned to dark magic. Even if I help you, I’m still not an authentic dark mage. If we gather some regular bones to make one, I can still manage for the power of an ordinary bone dragon is limited. The ideal situation now is to use some ordinary bones and then add in the soul of that gold dragon. By doing so, the creature would come out exponentially stronger than an average undead. But if you get greedy and forcefully use the skeleton of a gold dragon, the number of undead spirits required will increase several fold…. Frankly speaking, throughout the ages, none has achieved such a feat. I’m no different, nor do I have such a large amount of dead spirits in my inventory. If you go on a killing spree and attract the attention of the magic law enforcement team, I’m not going to help you settle the trouble!”

Du Wei thought and thought before whispering at Gandalf: “Teacher, maybe things aren’t that difficult.”

Subsequently, Du Wei pulled Gandalf out of the castle and headed for the house in the back of the castle.

Normally guarded by a set of guards outside and a series of barriers, this here was the forbidden ground placed under Du Wei’s command. Before Du Wei would often use this area as a place to do some simple magic experiments, but as Anglia City grew into his personal production base, Du Wei rarely came back.

Following Du Wei into this magic laboratory, Gandalf’s first thought was how satisfied he was with the furnishing and equipment’s of this place. After all, most of the things in here were given to him by Master Alley from the magic union.

“Teacher, my space magic is really meager and could only open up this much space in this house…. And the stuff I’m about to take out can’t be seen by outsiders… You see, can you…”

Gandalf nodded and had a look around with his arms behind his back. From the outside, this magic laboratory looked like it could only fit a few rooms. But once inside, the space was at least three to five times larger. Apparently Du Wei expanded the space using spatial magic.

Going a circle around the room, Gandalf laughed: “Don’t blame yourself. You only started learning magic recently. In such a short time frame, you did very well already to manage this much.”

After that, the old guy rummaged through his robe and pulled out several silver badges from his pocket. Stacking it in his hand, he ran to the four corners of the room and decorated all of Du Wei’s original inscriptions with the badges and a set of magic crystals.

Then with a little rumble, the sight in front of Du Wei changed and began to distort. From a space equal to a giant house, the space expanded to become a big stadium! As expected, a Magister sure is amazing!

Still somewhat dissatisfied, Gandalf sighed: “The magic circles you placed were originally too small, thus I can only do this much. I don’t have time to help you redo the magic inscriptions so you will need to modify it yourself…. Okay, what did you want to show me again?”

With a space as big as a stadium, Du Wei immediately pulled out the bone dragon inside his storage ring!

Seeing the twenty meters long body suddenly appear in front of the two, Gandalf immediately narrowed his eyes with light beaming inside. Gandalf’s after all a super magician, he knows it when something good appears before him.

Can’t even wait for Du Wei to react, Gandalf rushes up to touch, knock, and praise it again and again. Once the old man got the excitement out of his old body, he turns to look back at Du Wei: “Good stuff you got here! Boy, where did you steal this eh?!”

Du Wei smiles embarrassingly like he was caught red handed. From how he went to Watt City and how he scammed that Dark Mage into fighting the second prince, he carefully went over the story.

Upon hearing the name Tartaglia, Gandalf’s brow picked up: “Tartaglia? I vaguely remember that name. Humph, who would have expected this… A dark mage reaching eighth rank is no easy feat and extremely rare to come by. Yet he met his end because you scammed him? Boy, you really are cunning you know that.”

Speaking up to here, Gandalf suddenly remembers his own experience with Du Wei back in the capital city. From how he was tricked by Du Wei and how he was shamed by running away, this eccentric old man hurries to change the topic: “Hmm, this skeleton is already considered top grade!

I don’t know how much time the dark magician spent rummaging through the ancient battlefields, but from one look, I can see at least three to four kinds of dragons mixed in here. Some are even top grade material! Unfortunately, the quality is uneven where some pieces are barely passable for use. But overall, this can be considered top grade. And…..”

Pausing for a moment, he reaches out to gently knock on the bone dragon. From his fingers, a faint hint of black smoke leaked out from the tip. Du Wei recognizes it, that stuff was the dark energy produced from dead spirits.

Du Wei’s not surprised that this old man had dead spirits in his inventory. After all, this old monster lived long enough to match his life span several times over.

But this spec of dark energy released by Gandalf was very soon absorbed by the bone dragon. Laughing, Gandalf explains: “And look…. The most wonderful part of this bone dragon is that it’s not a newly gathered set! It’s already a finished product created by a high level dark magician, just that the dragon soul inside is destroyed. After being killed, you were lucky enough to pick it up for cheap. Unlike a fresh skeleton, we don’t have to go through the usual process of pouring dead spirits into it, saving us quite the trouble and time involved. The simplest way now is to inject the gold dragon’s soul into this skeleton. Using the dark spell, which I’m going to teach you, we can directly turn this thing into your pet… However, it will be such a waste to use this skeleton like it is now!”

Hearing the last part, Du Wei started to get excited… This Green Hat’s finally willing to give him something nice!

Like him, Green Hat’s eyes were also full of excitement. Like a chef facing a rare ingredient, a magician would love to have wing at any rare material.

Finally tossing his stinginess away, the old man summons his storage item. And from it, the carcass of a gold dragon appears beside Du Wei.

Sure enough, the identity of this thing was the poor second dragon prince!

Oh how majestic this prince looked back then. Holding that golden spear, this guy took on tens of thousands of soldiers alone and never backed down. And now, this prince was nothing more than pieces of flesh and bone on the ground. At least the head remains intact, but other than that, every other part were lopped into pieces or broken by some major impact.

After taking everything out, Gandalf sat his buttocks down and simply ignored Du Wei. Carefully eyeing the stuff in front of his old eyes, this old geezer began to brood over what to do.

Du Wei knew this old mage was busying figuring out the best way to fuse the two bodies together, therefore, he decided to leave him be. Running to the side, Du Wei decided to amuse himself by picking up some gold scales to look over.

As expected of a gold dragon’s scale. Even without the dragon aura circulating across these scales, the hardness of the material alone was enough to make it a rare product. Compared to ordinary metal, this scale was heavens above everything else.

If used to make weapons and armor…

Thinking up to here, Du Wei quickly scurries over to collect all the scales. Aside from the ones on the floor, there are still many left on the body. Not being polite, Du Wei pulled out a dagger and began his efforts of prying them off. However, he soon realized a simple dagger wasn’t going to do. Luckily in his possession was the legendary sword “Beauty under the Moonlight”. Using this razor sharp sword, Du Wei spent his afternoon flaking the poor corpse and stripping it of all its glory.

After Du Wei finished his task of stripping the scales, Du Wei found that the old man was still busy brooding over what to do. Not wanting to disturb the old guy, Du Wei decided it was far better for him to go somewhere else for now. Tossing the scales into his storage ring, he made his way outside and left the old man to daze around all day.

It didn’t take long for Marde to bring over all of the best blacksmiths in the castle – every one of these craftsmen were hired by Du Wei through tremendous costs. Originally these people had their own business in the capital, but considering the fact that Du Wei would expand heavily in the Northwest, these blacksmiths decided the prospect in the Northwest were better.

Aside from the very high preferential treatment given to them by Du Wei, each one of them also brought along at least ten apprentices. As craftsman with the highest paying wage on the continent, they would naturally serve Du Wei without faltering.

Dumping a bunch of the gold scales in front of these expert craftsmen, Du Wei asked: “Have a look, what kind of weapons can you guys make?”

Puzzled, one of the blacksmith picked up a scale to be surprised by how light it was. Knocking it, this guy frowns and asked: “Duke, this isn’t metal is it? If I recall, the magic beast scales you tasked us to craft before in the capital are similar to these scales. But those scales were nowhere close to being this big.”

Du Wei smiled: “Indeed, these aren’t metal… Hmm, these scales…. Yes, they are scales of some magic beast.”

At the answer, the blacksmith became depressed: “My lord, the last time we wasted so many of those scales. If you ask us to craft these again, I’m not sure how many more we will waste.”

“The method of refining is not your concern. What I want to ask is if I give you the method, will you be able to craft me some armor and weapons?”

The blacksmith mused for a while and said: “It’s not hard if its armor. Many of the generals nowadays are wearing those ‘leaf styled’ armors, similar to how these scales look. It’s just that these scales are a little bit on the big side. But that’s fine; we can grind and polish it to size. The problem though is the shoulder pads and arm guards… I’m not sure if we can bend these to size…. My lord, I can’t give you a definite answer right now. The only way is to test it first.”

Du Wei nodded and handed three pieces of the dragon scales for these craftsmen to study.

These dragon scales really are the best material to build armor! Best thing of all, they are naturally attuned to magic. Though mithril can do the same, that stuff was too hard to come by and way too expensive!

If he can manufacture several sets from these scales, ha-ha, can’t be lower than artifact class.

Thinking about it some more, Du Wei decided to throw in the gold spear for the blacksmiths to study too. Although the thing’s broken in half, but the original product was too big to begin with. With only half the spear, it just so happens to be the perfect size for human use.

However, Du Wei wasn’t without precautions. After leaving, he ordered his guard captain, Old Smoke, to monitor these craftsmen.

As a world traveler, it be shameful to let someone stick a spy in his ranks.

Handling this matter, Du Wei again returned to the laboratory. By now, Gandalf was already up and busy measuring the skeleton while constantly mumbling something like he was very distressed: “Aigh… Just can’t have the best of both worlds! No matter what, there’s always something leftover…. What to do, what to do!”

Seeing Gandalf was no longer stuck in his meditating pose, Du Wei went up and asked with a laugh: “Teacher, what did you say?”

Gandalf looked at Du Wei: “This is good stuff. If we leave any bones out, it will be a total waste. I intended to expand the size of the dragon to include both skeletons, but sadly, I can’t seem to make it work without sending it off balance. Excluding the rejections deprived from their different affinity, it always comes out either too bloated or too small somewhere. Either outcome will end up affecting its combat capacity. Then there’s the problem with the head. That part is the most precious in both dragons and most complete. Losing either skull in the final product is horribly wasteful!”

Not even blinking, Du Wei suddenly smiled: “Teacher… You’ve blinded yourself this time! If you don’t want to waste either skull, then why not make a two headed dragon?”

“Two… Two-headed dragon?” Gandalf lapsed out for a second before a gleam of light sparkled out of those eyes of his. Shouting, Gandalf screams with great delight: “Awesome, perfect, wonderful!@!!”



[Table of Content]

If you like this translation then please turn off your adblockers, it really helps.





* * *





Chapter 272




Chapter 272 “What the hell is this thing?!”

Refining a Bone Dragon was no simple matter, and disassembling and reassembling two sets together are even harder. Though Gandalf himself was quite anxious to study the elf blood, fortunately this old man couldn’t resist the urge to meddle with such fine working materials. In the end, Gandalf couldn’t bring himself to move those old legs of his and obediently stayed to join in with the fiddling of the dragon bones.

It’s just that Du Wei’s original idea of taking advantage of Green Hat backfired on him. Without mercy or remorse, Gandalf sternly refuted Du Wei’s suggestion of working together on the construction project. Instead, Gandalf made it clear he will only give pointers while sitting on the side line and that Du Wei will need to rely on himself to figure out which goes where.

“I’m already so old, how many years do you think I have to live? I’ll leave the heavy labor stuff to you youngsters. Besides, this is the perfect opportunity to teach you this stuff bit by bit. Different types of undead creatures, their uses, their refining process, and how to distinguish their proficiency; I will take this opportunity to teach them all to you. Don’t get lazy here now, get moving!”

Saddest part of all, other magicians usually had a few apprentices to help with such drudgery. And him? Du Wei can only painfully bust his balls lifting and pushing the giant bones back and forth while being reprimanded by the old fart. Every day, his body would become deathly tired by sun down.

At the very least during the breaks the old man would teach him how to distinguish the bones from: their weight, origin, hardness, shape, pattern, and the type of dragon they were from.

Not only that, the old man even took the chance to teach him the various properties of each species. From their special skills, to their importance within the dragon race and so on and so on, the old man left nothing out.

Although our little Duke became exhausted every day, it didn’t hinder his learning. Fortunately fate was kind to him and gifted him with a clever brain, matching that with his strong personality, it only took four days for him to memorize the information.

At last, in order to test Du Wei, Gandalf did something that made Du Wei want to vomit blood: summoning a giant gust of wind, the old man scattered the completed set of dragon bones into a pile of mess. Unreal, unbelievable! Du Wei spent six days to piece the two skeletons together and this old fart destroyed his effort in one wave of his hand!

“Okay, your last lesson. Using the knowledge I taught you in the past few days and your own judgment, I want you to reassemble the bones into a single two headed dragon…. Boy, don’t think you can do it by only relying on your memory. During the lessons I intentionally gave you some wrong details, so if you simply piece the bones together to the way they were, you fail! Kid, don’t think being my apprentice will be simple! I don’t keep lazy people around me so hop to it. You need to judge and analyze what is right and what is wrong on your own. If you can figure out which part of the stuff that I taught you are wrong, I’ll give you another reward.” Though Du Wei didn’t say anything in return, his stomach was already boiling at this point after suffering so much in the past few days.

Like the other Gandalf, this Green Hat had one skill exactly the same as his other half: both are good at puppet manipulation.

That year in the frozen forest, the kind Gandalf would on occasion control Du Wei to slap himself! And now this Green Hat had the same blasted habit of doing the same thing! Although the days of adventuring were long past him, Du Wei still had no ability to resist this torturous punishment.

If he were to ever be lazy during the day or even show any sign of annoyance, Green Hat would bluntly shoot a green light out. Instantly, Du Wei would lose control of his body and ruthlessly slap himself on the face. Du Wei really wanted to swear. Why does both the good Gandalf and the bad Gandalf have the same habit of slapping him? Does his face make people want to slap him?

After Gandalf gave his instructions, the old fart left with an ear piercing laugh that radiated in Du Wei’s eardrum.

Crossing his legs on the floor, Du Wei didn’t hurry to begin the job. Instead, he racked his brains in an effort to locate the misleading information taught to him by Green Hat.

Like that for the entire night, Du Wei would on occasion scratch his head and fiddle with the bones. Although he’s a magician that can replenish his spirit easily through meditation, Du Wei’s brain eventually caved in and he fell asleep on the ground.

But this sleep weren’t for naught! In his dream, an idea suddenly came to him. So, from his slumbering pose, Du Wei jumped up without indication and shouted: “I got it! I got it!!!!”

After ditching Du Wei inside the laboratory, Gandalf didn’t leave like predicted. Instead, he sat himself outside the house: “Good apprentice, I’m not deliberately torturing you, but only through this method will you truly keep the knowledge in your heart. In the future, you will be able to flexibly use it to your advantage; otherwise, you are nothing more than a powerful book reader.”

These few days could be considered their first interaction together. Towards Du Wei’s ingenuity, Gandalf got nothing to complain about. Sure, his apprentice Joanna could pick up any spell far faster than this kid by large margins, but the concepts and questions brought up by this brat literally made his jaw drop.

Gradually, the evaluation of Du Wei has somewhat exceeded Joanna in this old man’s heart.

Just that… Can he really pass the test by only using the knowledge he gained in only a few days? Gandalf speculates: this kid may learn fast, but to truly master the skill of building a bone dragon, it will take another seven to eight days of teaching….. Even if the time frame goes as high as fifteen to sixteen days, it’s still within his expectation.

But Gandalf didn’t leave despite the long wait ahead of him. All he did was sit outside the laboratory in the broad daylight and wait for Du Wei to come out.

The mood inside Gandalf should roughly equate to a parent waiting for their child to finish their entrance exam. Yes, a parent waiting for their child, that’s about right.

(In china, the entrance exam after highschool is a really big deal that will decide what university a person can apply for)

Magicians don’t need sleep for they can rejuvenate their strength from meditation, so, two days straight, Gandalf waited and waited. Finally, on the third day of waiting, Du Wei quietly came out of the laboratory.

Slightly opening a line in his eye, Gandalf sighed: “How come you came out so early? Is there a question you want to ask me?”

Du Wei smiles triumphantly and ran over to Gandalf, “Teacher…. I finished it.”

“Finished…… !! “Gandalf jumped up like he just stepped on a nail.

Then the old man’s face sank: “What trickery are you playing now! I’m telling you, this matter is no joke! If you are lazy, you will never master anything in the future!”

Finished? Only three days and he finished it? No way will he believe his words!

Du Wei spreads his hand out and smiled: “Teacher, you will know once you go inside and have a look. I’m not lying.”

Fluttering inside, a thought suddenly struck Gandalf on the head.

Can it be?

My apprentice is a genius among geniuses?

Overwhelmed with excitement, Gandalf’s body instantly disappeared with a gust of wind and shot straight into the laboratory. Meanwhile, Du Wei relaxingly followed from the back.

Plowing through the door, the first thing to come into his sight was a gigantic monster stretching more than thirty meters in length. Blanking out for a good while, the color on Gandalf’s face began to change. From red to black, from black to purple, from purple to green, all kinds of color began to fluctuate as the veins pop on his forehead.

Waiting a long time, this old man finally turned around and abruptly roared at Du Wei, “Blasted kid! What kind of nonsense is this thing!!!”

The monster before the two was nowhere close to being a two headed dragon.

Indeed there are two heads on this thing, but, but….. One head’s in the front and the others on the butt!!!

And the shape of this thing was absolutely nowhere close to being a dragon! Let’s not mention the slightest form of a dragon, nowhere in the sky, the earth, the sea, or any living creatures for that matter came close to looking like this monster!!

Pieced together into a long oval shape with pointed ends, this structure was more like…..

Okay fine!

The monster in front wasn’t a bone dragon, it’s a structure constructed out of dragon bones!

A SHIP!!!!

A BLOODY SHIP!!!@!!!!

Or more accurately, it’s a flying ship because the wings from the dragons were installed on the underside of the boat. What’s more, the part that caused Gandalf to rage even harder was the mast! Wasting the precious thigh bones, this blasted kid used it for the ship’s mast!!

Trembling down to his fingers, Gandalf stared right at Du Wei: “You! What did you show me?!”

“Flying dragon…” Du Wei only managed these two words before he felt the murderous gaze from Gandalf. Hurrying to explain, he didn’t even dare to breathe: “It’s a flying dragon battleship!”

“What fly, what Dragon, what battleship?! What nonsense are you spouting?!” Gandalf scolds without holding back.

Du Wei sighed and carefully took two steps backward: “Teacher, please listen to my explanation.”

Then coughing once, Du Wei ran over to the “battleship” and began to loudly make his argument.

“Teacher, I thought about it. If simply building a bone dragon, even stronger, it’s merely a pet used to brawl with a single enemy. With my strength, do I need to fear anyone if they are alone? To me, a single bone dragon doesn’t mean much, with or without one. But this thing… kekeke, this thing is way more amazing!”

Pointing to the hull, “You see, this hull is pieced together with the dragon bones. Although it’s not sealed tight, I’m not using it to drift at sea anyways! As long as a person can stand on top and not fall through, that’s more than enough. According to my rough estimation, using its wings and some wind enhancement spells inscribed by me, the speed of this ship carrying several hundred powerful knights coupled with arbalests….. Hohoho….” Du Wei then points to the bow and stern where the two heads were located: “These two heads, I placed them back and front because I intend to use them as my main cannon! A dragon’s breath isn’t some normal flame that can be repelled by just anyone, perfect as a LONG RANGE ASSAULT WEAPON!” Du Wei laughs like he has truly lost it at this point.

Also pointing to the mast above: “You see, I also considered the propulsion problem. Although the energy of a Bone dragon is very strong, but even that has a limit. Only relying on its wing and some wind inscriptions to move will be too draining. So, I copied the logic of a regular ship and placed a mast on it. Using the powerful winds in the sky, the ship will get a major boost!”

Finally, Du Wei summed everything up: “Can carry people, can fire from afar with its main cannon and long range arbalests. If too close, I can send out my elite knights to combat any invaders. Such a thing far exceeds some bone dragon, don’t you think so? Teacher, imagine this battleship facing an army consisting of a hundred thousand solders. While the enemy is stuck on the ground with no way to hit me, my forces can freely zoom through the air and rain down arrows and flames from above at my foe. I can already see the slaughter fest in my head!”

But the most important reason was intentionally left out by Du Wei.

This dragon battleship was the true incarnation of what Du Wei considered a real air force!

Or rather, this was more like an aerial fortress!

In this world with nearly no aerial combat forces, this thing definitely equates to a super weapon of this era, the nuclear bomb of the middle ages!!



[Table of Content]

If you like this translation then please turn off your adblockers, it really helps.



* * *





Disclaimer





There is no guarantee the translation is 100% correct.



* * *



ASIANOVEL.COM wishes to emphasize that this translation is for review purposes only. We do not claim this intellectual property or any rights whatsoever.



* * *



Under no circumstances would you be allowed to take this work for commercial activities or for personal gain. ASIANOVEL.COM does not and will not condone any activities of such, including but not limited to rent, sell, print, auction.





