Ascension

Blight - Book 1



Terry Schott





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner.

Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Copyright©2015 by Terry Schott

All rights reserved.

This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.





Acknowledgements



Thanks to my first reader, Karen, who eagerly reads all my stuff not long after I write it. Thank you for always giving me your honest opinion, as well as such positive advice and constant encouragement.

Tiffany Maxwell, thank you so much for your editing efforts. I cannot imagine working with me, yet you seem to do it with utmost grace, patience, and skill. I am so grateful that you are a part of this.

Kerstin Campagna is truly the best web designer out there. She works magic getting the computer to do what I want, and always replies to my queries fast. Thanks Kerstin!

A huge shout out to Shawn Inmon. Your advice, encouragement, and friendship have enriched my life. I am grateful that our paths have crossed.

Thank you to Nadine and Mark for humouring me as I spend vast amounts of time creating stories and drinking coffee in the corner booth of their business.

Thank you to all the readers out there who have somehow found me amidst the millions of self published e-books and given me a try. Thank you for spending your time and money to buy my stories. It is a thrill when I get a new email or message from each and every one of you, praising me for what I have written so far, and frantically asking me to write more.

I hope you all enjoy this one.





Want access to exclusive offers and new material before anyone else?

Click Here





The man in the black hooded cloak walked down the dark street and the young man followed in silence. He stopped and pointed at the alley ahead. "Here."

"Okay." The boy walked past the man, his stride confident.

"Wait." The man laid a hand on the dirty, torn material of the boy’s shirt. "Your bearing is too bold. That is a trait which must remain hidden and blossom over time."

The young man nodded and hunched his shoulders, letting one arm dip lower than the other.

"Better."

He nodded and entered the alley. The man watched until he faded from sight.





1

The baker hesitated at the entrance to the alley. Taking a deep breath, he pulled his cloak tighter around him and stepped into the darkness.

A short distance in, he stopped to lean against the wall and wait for his vision to adjust to the dim light.

Be brave. This is necessary.

He shivered as visions of beggars and thieves attacking him from the shadows entered his mind. He stood straight and pushed his shoulders back, touching the heavy oak cudgel hanging from his belt. "Come on. Let's get this over with." He pushed himself from the wall and started down the alley, leaving the protective light of the main street behind.

He raised a perfumed scarf to cover his nose as the smell of filth threatened to overwhelm him. In his own district of the city, even the back alleys were kept clean to prevent vermin, disease, and vagabonds from gathering. A dark shape huddled against the wall. The baker slowed but did not stop.

Too large.

A few moments later, a loud clattering startled him. He fumbled for the cudgel, cursing as it became tangled in the folds of his cloak. Beads of sweat dripped from his forehead as he jerked the weapon free and held it up in front of him, his breath ragged as he trained wide eyes on his attacker.

A skinny white cat with mangy fur looked up at him.

His laugh was shaky. "Just a cat." Or a large, ugly rat.

"What are you doing here, sir?" A voice from nearby caused the baker to spin in surprise. A young man, sixteen or so by the look of him, sat with his back against the wall. Dirty, ill-fitting rags partially covered his chest and legs. The baker could see bruises and dirt on his exposed limbs. He was skinny with black, stringy hair.

Perfect. The baker smiled and bent down. "I am here to offer help, lad."

"To who?"

"If you are interested in a warm meal and some clean clothes, then my offer is for you."

The boy shook his head. "I don't think I can pay the price you'd be wanting for something like that, sir."

"The price . . . oh no." He raised his hands. "I'm not interested in you that way."

The boy coughed. "Everything has a price, and I have only my body to use as currency." He pushed himself further back against the wall. "Please. I'd rather lay here hungry and cold than do anything vile."

The baker scowled. "I told you, boy, I'm not here for sex." He paused, took a deep breath, and smiled. "I was once a poor boy like you, but someone helped me. I would simply like to do the same." He sat down beside the boy and did his best to ignore the filth on the ground as it squished beneath him. "Every year, I go out and find a young boy on the streets."

"What for?"

"To give him a chance at a better life," the baker said. "I bring him to my home for food, a bath, and clothes."

"Do you let him live with you?"

"No, but I do invite him back once a week to eat and bathe."

"A bath every week? Even lords and ladies don't go to such excess. That's the best way to catch pox or some other sickness. Everyone knows that."

The baker chuckled. "That's not so, although most peasants believe as you do. The truth is quite the opposite. Cleanliness is next to godliness, boy."

The young man let the matter drop with a shrug. "Why me?"

"Luck"—the baker raised one hand and pointed farther into the alley—"mixed with a bit of cowardice on my part. You are the first suitable candidate that I encountered and I am loathe to venture deeper unless you decline my offer. What do you say? Are you interested in a warm meal and some clean clothes?"

Looking off into the distance, the boy appeared to consider about the offer before nodding. "I would be grateful for your help."

"Excellent." The baker stood and reached down to help him up. "In my part of the city, I am the baker. You may call me‘baker’or‘sir’. What is your name?"

"Leo."

"Well, Leo. Let's get out of here."



Leo lowered his head and pulled at his ragged coverings as they entered the finer part of the city. "The law would beat me for being here."

The baker held his hand and continued to walk purposefully forward. "Yes, but not for long. When you stink a little less and wear finer clothes you will be able to walk these streets freely."

Leo shook his head. "I don't think so, sir. The law is shrewd when it comes to spotting things what don't belong."

"That don't belong."

"As you say, sir."

"This is my house and bake shop." The baker nodded at a plain building up ahead. "Let's go around the back."

They entered a narrow alley between buildings——this one clean and well lit——and stopped at a small door. The baker produced a key ring from his pocket and inserted a small iron key into the lock. "Wait here." He pointed at an empty box on the ground. "Remove your shoes and outer clothes and put them in there."

"But . . . I don't have any clothes on under these rags."

"Then keep your pants on but remove everything else. The goal is for you to be clean, not to make my house filthy."

The baker entered the house and returned a few moments later with a towel over his shoulder and a bucket filled with water. A young boy stepped out into the alley behind him. "This is my son."

Leo smiled at the baker’s son. "It’s good to meet you."

The baker's son looked blankly at Leo and said nothing.

He seems odd. Maybe he's simple.

"Wash the worst of the dirt off out here." The baker put the pail on the ground. "I have more water warming on the stove for a bath." He tapped his son on the shoulder and the boy held up a shiny red apple. "First the dirt." The baker pointed at the bucket. "Then a snack."

Leo removed the long-handled scrub brush from the pail and began to wash himself. In a few minutes, he had scrubbed most of the grime from his scrawny frame.

When he was finished, the baker raised the bucket and poured it over him to rinse off the soap. He handed Leo the towel and apple. "Dry yourself off, eat the apple, and come in when you are no longer dripping wet."

Leo took a bite and grinned as sweetness filled his mouth. Chew slowly. But his mouth would not obey. He devoured the apple in four quick bites, core and all.

"Come inside when you are dry." The baker led his son inside.

Leo smiled as he towelled himself off.

***

An hour later, Leo pushed away an empty plate and leaned back in his chair.

"Do you want some more?" The baker held up a ladle filled with mashed potatoes.

"Thank you, but no. I am truly filled to the bursting point."

The baker chuckled. "It would be a terrible waste to throw it all back up."

"Don't worry, I won't." Leo yawned.

"You are tired. All I can offer you for a bed is the floor by the rear door, but it's better than sending you back to the alley. A safe place to sleep is part of the offering each week."

"That will be perfect. I wish that there was some way to repay you."

"Don't worry about that. Sometimes kindness is its own reward."

Leo nodded and bowed his head. "You are a good man, sir. I will not forget this."

"Good. Maybe someday you will be successful and able to help others in a similar manner."

Leo could not imagine ever being able to help himself, let alone others, but he nodded and looked down at his lap.

"Before you go to sleep, there is one more thing."

Leo looked up and his breath caught in his throat.

The baker held a shiny silver coin in his hand. "This is for you." He dropped it into Leo's palm.

The boy’s hand shook and tears welled up in his eyes. This is more money than I have possessed in my entire life. I can buy food for a week with this. "I cannot repay this."

"I do not expect you to. I do, however, expect you to spend it wisely."

"I promise that I will." Leo held the coin reverently, examining it before tucking it into the waist of his new pants.

"Good." The baker stood and patted Leo on the back. "I must begin baking for this day's business. When you wake up, feel free to sneak out the back door quietly. You may return here in one week's time. Come at midnight, and knock on the back door. I will be expecting you."

Leo nodded.

"There is one more condition." The baker's expression was serious. "You must tell no one about our arrangement. If you do, the deal ends. Do you understand?"

"Yes."

"Off to sleep then." The baker nodded to his son. The boy turned and left the kitchen.

"It was nice to meet you."

The boy ignored him.

Leo shuffled to the back door. This wood floor is softer than the wet stone of the alley.

He lay down and was asleep in seconds.

***

Leo woke to the sounds of pans clinking and the delicious aromas of bread baking. On the ground beside him sat a fresh roll. He considered saving it for later, but had no place to store it and so he leaned against the wall and began to eat.

The baker came into the room, sweating as he scrambled to pull bread from the oven and place other trays of dough into the heat. He dumped the bread from the pans and began to sort them into baskets.

"See you next week, Leo." The baker turned and walked towards the counter in the next room.

Leo stood, taking another bite from his roll as he checked to make certain that the silver coin was still tucked securely into his pants.

Stepping out into the morning sunlight, Leo popped the last piece of bread into his mouth as he began walking toward the main street. He rounded the corner with a full belly and a smile on his face. Quite suddenly, life had gone from being miserable to once again worth living. He was too preoccupied by good thoughts to be aware of his surroundings.

"What's this, then?" a deep voice said as a strong hand gripped his hair and pulled him onto his tiptoes.

A large man held him tightly. The man's neck and head were thick and muscular, his nose ugly and crooked. The dark grey cloak of a Keeper of the Law was draped over his massive shoulders.

"Please, sir, I—"

The Keeper cuffed him with a casual flick of his hand. The force of the blow brought tears to Leo's eyes. "Shut up, puke." Spit flew from the man's mouth and landed on Leo's cheek. "I know everyone in this neighbourhood, and you do not belong here." He gripped the boy's hair tighter. "You got clean clothes, but I know a guttersnipe when I see one." He shook the boy. "Who did you steal from?"

"No one, I swear it. I—" The baker's warning stopped him from saying more. I'm not supposed to tell anyone.

"Well, where were ya, then?"

Leo remained silent.

The Keeper growled and punched the boy in the back, driving him to the ground with a squeal of pain. He delivered two quick kicks to Leo's ribs, followed by two hard slaps to his face.

Leo lay on the ground, his face on fire. He could taste blood and his ribs burned.

The Keeper squatted down and leaned in close. "I'm in a good mood today, so I'm gonna let you go. But if I ever see you again, I will truly hurt you. Do you understand me, vermin?"

Leo nodded.

"Get up and leave before my good humour does."

Leo scrambled to his feet, wincing at the pain in his side. He jogged away as quickly as he could.



The Keeper watched Leo flee. When the young man had disappeared from view, he turned and looked up at the window.

The baker's son looked down onto the street.

The Keeper smiled at the boy, touched a knuckle to his eyebrow in salute, and walked away.





2

Leo bent down to examine his reflection in a small window, using his fingers to flatten a piece of windblown hair into place. He eyed himself critically and then walked around the corner to approach a vendor standing under a small awning. Three crates of vegetables and a small basket of bread rested behind his large, middle-aged frame.

Leo raised a knuckle to his brow and nodded. "Hello, sir."

"Young master." The man scanned Leo, his gaze stopping at the boy’s bare feet. He pressed his lips together. "Get away from me, beggar."

Leo raised one hand. "I'm not a beggar. I have a business proposition for you if you will just hear me out—"

The man produced a short, heavy club and raised it. "I will not let you distract me while your street rat friends rob me from behind. Get out of here."

Leo took three steps back and withdrew the silver coin from his hand, cupping it against his chest so that it was visible only to the vendor. "I only wanted to conduct honest business, sir. If you want no part of easy profit, then good day to you." He tucked the coin into his pocket and turned away.

"Wait."

Leo kept walking.

"I apologize, young master." The vendor's tone was polite. "I saw your bared feet and mistook you for a street waif. Please, come back and share your business proposition with me."

Leo stopped and turned to face the man. Now that he knows I have money, he is just as likely to beat me on the head with that club and steal the coin. He eyed the club in the man's hand. "This is close enough for the moment."

The man frowned and looked down at the club. "Oh, right. Do not think less of me for protecting myself. Street selling can be dangerous business. Only a foolish man would be unarmed out here." He put the club away and pointed towards the baskets behind him. "What can I sell you today?"

"I would like to buy your food."

"That is obvious. Tell me what items you require and I will calculate the price."

"All of it."

The vendor smiled but quickly regained his calm expression. "I only caught a brief glimpse of your coin. If it has not been shaved it will perhaps be enough money to purchase everything I have for sale today behind me."

Leo chuckled and waved at the food. "I'm not a fool. My coin is enough to buy three times the amount."

"Ridiculous. You obviously don't know what you're talking abo—"

"Fine." Leo turned to leave.

"Wait!"

"Good luck to you, my friend. I offered to make your day a short and profitable one, but you choose to sit out here and likely only sell half of what you display. I will come back tomorrow and offer you even less money for the stale wares you are stuck with."

The vendor took a breath and then let it out. "Of course, you are right. I was only trying to barter for a better price, young master. Let us do this deal before the morning sun begins to wilt your fine food."

Leo pretended to consider the vendor's words before turning and walking back towards the stand. "This isn't the first stall I have stopped at. Half a silver coin is too generous, but time is precious to me and I am willing to make that offer if you accept without any more bickering."

The vendor opened his mouth to speak. "Uh-uh." Leo raised his eyebrows. "If your next words are anything other than 'we have a deal', I will leave."

The vendor made a clucking sound with his tongue. "We have a deal, young man, but you rush this and take all of the fun out of the transaction."

"I apologize. Perhaps when I return looking for a similar purchase a couple of days from now, we can barter more."

The vendor arched one eyebrow. "How will you carry all of this food with you?"

"I will think of something. You can make change for my coin?"

"Oh." The vendor's look became pained.

"Life gives us a solution to one problem by delivering a new one, doesn't it?" Leo shook his head. He had made this same deal with three other vendors but none had enough coin to offer him proper change when the time came to complete the transaction. He had spent the morning discovering that having money you could not spend was sometimes no better than being penniless.

"It is dangerous to stand on the street with that much money, young master."

"You don't say?" Leo folded his arms. "Tell me that you have a solution to our problem."

"I do, if you are prepared to wait an hour for the food and your change?"

Leo paused. "Fine. I will return in one hour."

"I will see you then." The vendor bowed.

Leo stood straight and pushed back his shoulders. "I know how I must appear to you."

"What do you mean?"

"I look like a small boy with too much money."

"Yes, you do."

"It is difficult to find people who are trustworthy. I sense that you are such a person."

The vendor looked at Leo quietly.

"In short order I will become more than the poor-looking, shoeless boy you see now. I am loyal to my friends, and will bring them along on this ride to prosperity that I am on." Leo levelled him with a flat stare. "Neither do I forget my enemies or those who cross me."

"During my travels, I once saw a lion. It was chained in a pit and the owner had loosed a dozen ferocious dogs against it. The lion killed those dogs easily. Something about your look reminds me of that animal. I believe you."

"Good." Leo's serious look melted away and he smiled. "Then I look forward to a prosperous friendship." He stepped close to the vendor and extended his hand. "My name is Leo."

"You should not get so close to an adult with that amount of money on your person."

"I know." Leo did not move away.



The vendor sighed. I would be doing him a favour by taking the money from him, but I won’t. The vendor shrugged and stepped closer. "A pleasure to meet you, Leo. I am called Finley."

"I think this might be the beginning of an interesting relationship, Finley."

"I think you could be right."





3

Leo removed his shirt, folded it carefully, and placed it behind an empty barrel. After looking to make sure no one had seen him, he stepped into the street and entered the alley which he called home. The corridor was dim. Even in the daylight, light did not enter that area. He strode down the corridor and stopped in front of a large mound of rags.

"Oak." He nudged the pile with one foot. "Wake up. I need your help."

A voice groaned from the ground. "Go away."

"Come on." Leo bent down. "I need your speed and strength and I don't have much time to waste."

"I don't have any speed or strength."

"You will. I have food."

"Food?" The mound shifted and a face appeared beneath the dirty rags. "It's my turn to find some and share with you, but if you want to feed me I'm not gonna complain. What ya got?"

"I need you to come with me to find out." Leo reached for his friend's arm and tugged. "Time, Oak. We don't have much time."

Oak stood and let most of the blankets fall to the ground. He was tall and thick-chested. His arms displayed no muscular definition, but they were thick and solid. Large scarred hands with thick round fingers gripped a remaining blanket and held it around his frame. "Fine, I'm up. Where are we going?"

Leo gave him the details.

"Sounds like you're gonna need more help than mine."

"Two more should do it."

"Maybe. Stick and Mouse?"

"Of course."

"If it were anyone but you talking right now," Oak said, "I wouldn't believe you."

An accented voice spoke from behind them. "I'm not sure we should believe him, anyway." They turned and saw a young man squatting in the shadows. His eyes were brown and bright, his features thin and angular.

"Stop doing that, Mouse." Oak scowled and Leo chuckled.

"Stop doing what?" Mouse tilted his head and raised one eyebrow.

"Sneaking up on us."

"I did no such thing. I walked up as loudly as I always do. Maybe I should be upset, no? You care so little for me that you don't bother to notice me when I am nearby."

Oak looked at Leo. "Seriously. When's the last time you heard him get close to us?"

"I hear him every time."

"No you don't."

Leo shrugged and looked at Mouse. "Any idea where Stick is?"

"I'll go fetch him." Mouse moved further into the alley.

"Meet us at the exit."

Mouse raised one hand in acknowledgement.

***

"How long is he gonna take to check the place out?"

"Patience, Oak." Stick used a small knife to carve an intricate design into the bottom of his fresh quarterstaff, a six-foot-long shaft of hardwood resting across his knees. "No one rushes Mouse at his work."

"I don't want to rush him." Oak leaned against the wall and crossed his arms. "I just want to get some food."

Mouse dropped to the ground from the rail behind them.

Oak jumped.

"Everything is clear."

"For Christ's sake! I swear you could sneak up and steal a kiss from the Devil's backside without him knowing you were there."

Mouse grinned. "I see no one suspicious on the ground or the roof tops. The vendor has no one hiding to attack you in any shadow I can see."

"Good." Leo nodded. "Stick and Oak, come with me. Mouse—"

"Into the shadows." Mouse pulled a scrap of cloth over his head and jumped to grab a second floor railing. He pulled himself upwards and soon disappeared from sight.

The three friends approached the vendor. Finley saw them and smiled, raising a hand in greeting.

"Hello, Leo. I see you have brought friends to help you carry your purchases home."

"Finley." Leo’s gaze surveyed the shelves. "There is more food now than when I was here earlier."

"Only a little bit."

"I do not want to negotiate a new price."

"I am not asking you to." Finley shrugged and pointed at the produce. "When I went to get change there were a few small snippets of food at my shop. Your price is a deal for me, and so I decided to throw the extra in." He smiled. "I'm certain you can put it to better use than I."

"That is kind of you. My thanks."

Finley laughed and stepped back from the stall. He reached into his pocket and removed a small cloth purse. "This holds your change, Leo. I assure you that there is no trap. I believe you when you say you will buy more from me. A good vendor does not bite the hand that fills it with silver. How would you like to complete the transaction?"

Leo stepped close, removed the silver coin from his waist, and held it out. Finley extended his hand and the boy dropped the coin into the man's palm.

Finley inspected it and passed the change to Leo. "Count it, if you like."

"I trust you."

Finley laughed. "That's refreshing. I have provided bags to carry the food away which are included in the price. If you return them for your next purchase, I will discount the price accordingly."

Leo glanced at his friends and pointed at the food. The two began to gather the sacks.

"You're going to share it with others aren't you?"

"Yes."

"That could be dangerous."

Leo's gaze slid towards the older man, but he said nothing.

"When will our next meeting occur?"

"In four days."

"If you like, you can bring the money to me at a safer location."

"Where would that be?"

"Do you know the tanner's shop near the fish market?"

"I do."

"He is my brother-in-law. We can meet there and exchange money in a more private manner, if it pleases you."

Leo thought about it, then nodded. "We can try that. So far you have been trustworthy, Finley."

"And that is how I will remain, Leo."

Leo extended his hand and the vendor gripped it. "Next Tuesday, then. The tanner's by the fish market."

"I look forward to it."





4

Leo travelled the alley alone, walking deeper into the dark corridor with a new spring in his step and a grin on his face. His feet slipped inside the scuffed boots he had purchased. I can feel the blisters starting to form, but that's better than worrying about stepping on metal and glass with my bare feet.

His step slowed as he reached the door farthest from the street, at the end of the dark alley. The walls of the small building were painted black with charcoal. A dark, metal-studded door was the only entrance. In front of it stood a gigantic man with bare, heavily muscled arms and a bald scarred head, his arms folded and eyebrows furrowed into an unwelcoming expression. Leo stopped a respectful distance from the man and looked at the ground.

Minutes passed. Leo continued to look at the ground, inspecting the stitching on his stained tan boots. I will have to trim a few loose threads near the toe so they don't pull out fully. I doubt they are waterproof, even though the man said they were. I wonder-

"What do you want?" The giant's voice was dark and raspy, like a heavy stone being dragged over metal.

Leo looked up from his boots and paused to be certain that the man was talking to him. It was impossible to know for certain. The man continued to glare past him with the same menacing look.

"I would like to meet Lord Argon."

The guard snorted. "You dumb in the head, boy?"

"No."

"Must be." He blinked slowly and lowered his gaze to glare at Leo. "Nobody likes to meet him. Those what have to show up in front of him run to get here, but they would give everything they own to run back to their homes and avoid entering this building."

Leo nodded.

"Nobody likes to meet him."

"I would."

"Go away." The guard scowled and looked past the boy.

Leo remained where he was and focused on his boots once more.

Minutes passed, then hours. Leo hunched down against the far wall and pulled the rags that served as both cloak and blanket around him. He removed half an apple and bit into it. He chewed slowly, keeping his attention on the fruit in his hand. When he swallowed, he glanced at the giant once more.

The man watched him with a blank expression.

Leo finished the apple. There was a sound and a small metal panel slid open and a voice murmured through it. The giant nodded. The panel closed and the door opened with a screech.

"Well, boy, looks like you're gonna get your wish." The guard stepped to one side and pointed at the opening. "Get your ass in there. Lord Argon will see you."

Leo stood and approached. As he got close, the giant rumbled at him. "You don't even look scared."

I'm not. Leo walked past him and entered the building.

The door closed and a short, hunched man with wisps of stringy white hair looked at him. "This way." He limped forward.

Leo was led to a large, dark room. Fur pelts covered the walls. Torches cast flickering light and produced black smoke while they burned in metal holders. A massive wood table sat in the middle of the room. There were men and women scattered around the room, all of them dressed in heavy cloth with fur trim. At the opposite end of the table, the man known as Lord Argon reclined on a large chair covered in black fur. He sat with one leg draped over the arm, a goblet dangling from his hand. His long black hair was well-groomed, as was his heavy beard. Leo gauged that he was taller and more muscular than the man standing guard outside. He raised the goblet to his lips and drank, his eyes expressionless as Leo stood at the far end of the table.

"What's your name, lad?"

"Leo, Your Grace."

"Your Grace!" Lord Argon laughed and leaned forward to set the goblet on the table. "You wait outside all day just to come in and insult me?"

"No."

The lord leaned forward and raised one eyebrow. "You don't seem properly afraid of me. I know you're not new to the alley." He tapped his head with a knuckle and looked at the bent man beside the boy. "Is he damaged in the head, then?"

"No, Lord. The boy's brain works properly, by all accounts."

"Did you hear that, lad? Lord. Not Grace. I'm no stinking king."

Leo bowed to acknowledge the correction.

Lord Argon scratched his temple and looked at the old man once more. "What have you learned of this lad?"

"Very little. His name is Leo and he came to the alley seven months ago. He has few friends and spends his days as most do, trying to find enough food to survive and a warm spot in the alley to sleep at night."

"You said he has few friends which implies at least some. Any names that I would recognize?"

"Oak, Stick, and Mouse are known to us."

"Yet Leo is not. Interesting. He leads them."

The bent man frowned and shook his head. "I would not say so, my lord."

"Then you are a blind fool." The man gestured at Leo. "Look at the boy, Giles, and pay attention for once today." He tilted his head back and sniffed the air like a dog. "He has the look of a hunter. I can smell the scent of lion on him from here."

"I don't understand, my lord."

"Of course you don't." Argon picked up the goblet and waved it. "You're a sheep. A stupid old sheep. You have your uses, of course, but a young hunter stands close enough to rip your throat out and you are unaware of the danger right at your throat."

"I'm sorry, my lor—"

"Leave us."

The man backed away, his head low. "As you wish."

As the man left, the corner of Leo's mouth ticked upwards.

"Something amuses you."

"No, Lord." Leo bowed his head.

The Lord of the Alleys stood and approached Leo, stopping in front of him and reaching down to grab the boy's chin and tilt it up.

"Why are you here, little lion?"

"To offer tribute."

Argon smiled. "If you have money, you should keep it for yourself. Whatever small amount you possess will disappear soon enough. When someone offers me tribute, I expect them to do so regularly. I also begin to take notice of them."

"Good."

"Good?" Argon frowned and then laughed. "Everyone leave us."

Leo’s eyes remained fixed on the table while the others shuffled out of the room. The door closed with a click and Argon walked back to sit on his throne. "Sit down, boy." He motioned at the table in front of him. "With a pair of balls your size, you need to rest your legs."

Leo sat, careful not to smile. I'm playing what could become a dangerous game. Still, it's too late to turn back.

"Put your tribute on the table, then."

Leo removed coins from his waistband and placed them on the wooden surface.

"That's a tiny sum."

"It's ten percent of my earnings."

"Really?" Leo could hear new interest in Argon's voice. "You have taken to stealing, then?"

"Do you care?"

"Not really." Lord Argon paused and looked at the money for a moment before looking at Leo. "It is better if you offer this as a gift."

"Why?"

"Because then I can thank you for the offer and politely refuse."

"You would do that?"

"Normally, no." Argon refilled his goblet from a large bottle of dark liquid. "But there is something about this scene that sets my bones on edge. An unknown street rat waits outside for hours, voluntarily, so that he can come in and offer me a tribute of pennies. You should be cowering in your rags, yet you sit as if this is your court instead of mine. That fact should infuriate me. Such things have happened before with ambitious pups, but you don't come off like others have. You are not insolent or challenging." He stroked his beard, looked at the money, and then at Leo. "The voice inside my head tells me to reject your tribute, but it also tells me to accept it. It is rare for me to doubt myself."

Leo nodded. Argon watched him.

Finally, Argon stood and laughed. He walked to Leo's side and picked up the coins. "Are these a gift, young lion?"

"No, Lord." Leo's tone was solemn, formal. "I offer tribute."

Lord Argon's fist closed around the coins. "Then I accept your tribute, Leo. As a new tribute, I offer you one thing only."

"Opportunity?"

"Perhaps. I prefer to think of it as my attention. I will be watching your actions more closely. I expect to see you again with further tribute. Ten percent is small, but I will allow it since you have earned almost nothing. Moving forward, I expect twenty percent." He stared at Leo intently for a few moments and then shrugged. "Earning more and increasing your tribute will cause me to look upon you with more favour."

"Yes, Lord."

"I offer you no protection."

"Not yet."

"You say that as if you know my rules."

"I do."

"Then go out and prosper, young lion." He placed a hand on the boy's shoulder and squeezed.

Leo stood and bowed, then left.



"Why did you accept his tribute?" a woman's voice asked from the shadows. "Usually you smack the young ones around and take their money."

"Did you not sense something different in him?"

"Of course." She emerged from the darkness and went to lay on the throne, the dim light flickering along the muscular curves of her half naked body. "I am surprised that you did."

"He will be trouble."

She smiled and raised her arms over her head, stretching like a cat. "More than you can imagine, my lord."

Argon moved to the throne and leaned down to kiss her. He bit her lip and smiled. "It's been a while since we've had excitement in the quarter."

"This one could bring about your demise, my dark wolf."

"A challenge." His hand ran down her leg. "I enjoy a challenge."





5

Oak plopped down beside Leo and looked at the coins in his friend's open palm. He finished chewing his food burped. "What you plan to do with the rest of it?"

"I plan to spend it."

Oak rolled his eyes. "Uh, yeah, but on what?" His foot tapped Leo's dirty boot. "You bought some clothes, but nothing fancy. The boots still smell like the dead man they were likely pulled off of yesterday before the crook sold them to you, and your clothes have fewer holes but they are still dirty rags."

"That's the way it has to be."

"Why?"

"So that he matches his home." Mouse leaned against the wall across from them. Stick sat near him, eyes closed, hand resting on his quarterstaff. "To dress better than a street dweller and remain on the streets would invite an attack."

Oak nodded. "That's clever."

"No." Mouse produced an apple from beneath his rags and took a bite. "That's common sense. I worry about you sometimes, my large friend."

"Why?"

"Never mind. Leo, you should buy a weapon. A small knife, perhaps."

"I don't know how to use a knife."

"I could teach you."

Leo considered the advice before nodding. "It wouldn't hurt to learn a bit of self-defense."

"A leader should know more than any of his followers."

"I agree." Leo picked the coins from his palm and divided them into four even piles. "If I ever meet a leader, I will pass along your advice."

Stick's eyes opened as he laughed. "Still denying that's what you are?"

Leo shrugged. He held one pile of coins out to Oak and dropped them into his hand, then he stood and distributed the others to Stick and Mouse. He nodded and tucked the remaining pile into his waistband.

"What's this for?" Oak shook his hand and the coins jingled.

"Whatever you want."

"This is too generous." Stick held the coins out to his friend. Leo shook his head. Stick sighed.

"Don't buy anything that will make you stand out." Leo tapped his boots. "New clothes that keep out the cold are good enough. We don't need silk or jewels."

"Yet." Oak grinned.

Mouse looked at Leo with genuine concern. "You have been more than generous with us already. Sharing your food is what we do, but giving us your money is not necessary. Who knows when you will get any more. You should hold onto it and make it last."

Leo raised his eyebrows and smiled. "I got lucky. Money serves one purpose on the street and you know that as well as I do."

"Yes. Money is a prize to be stolen."

"That's right. The stuff we buy with it is less attractive and much more useful to us. I don't need all of this money, and I can't use it. You are my friends. It would be terrible for me to be warm and full while you shiver and starve beside me. Use the money to buy what you want. All I ask is that you spend it wisely."

Stick pointed at the small cache of food behind Oak. "Some of this will rot before we can eat it."

"All of you have other friends who would benefit from it."

Each boy nodded.

"Share it with them."

"Feeding the alley will be noticed," Stick said.

"I expect so."

"I mean by the Lord."

"I know."

The three turned as one and looked at Leo.

"What did you do?" Oak asked.

"I paid tribute."

"What?" Stick stood and leaned his quarterstaff against the wall before coming to sit beside the other two boys. "Why in the seven hells would you do such a thing?"

"More money is coming," Mouse said.

Stick shook his head but saw the look on Leo's face and raised his eyebrows. "Is he right?"

"If things go as planned."

"This doesn't sound good," Oak said. "You've fed us and given us money. We are now part of it, whatever it is. Is it something bad, Leo? Are we to become robbers or murderers?"

"It has nothing to do with you. I swear it."

"What is it?" Stick asked.

Leo did not answer.

"I believe him," Mouse said.

"Why?" Oak asked.

"In all the time I’ve known him, Leo has never lied to me."

"Maybe you haven't known him long enough," Oak said.

"I've known him long enough, and I trust his character."

Stick looked first at Mouse and then back to Leo before nodding his head. "I've known Mouse longer than anyone in the alley. If he trusts you, then so do I."

"Thank you," Leo said.

"You may not expect anything from us," Mouse said, "but you can count on our help if you need it."

"Thank you. I appreciate the offer, but I am fine. What I am doing is safe."

Stick laughed and slapped his friend on the shoulder. "When money is involved, nothing is ever safe."





6

Leo looked both ways before approaching the baker's house. He knocked and waited. After a few minutes, the door opened and the baker's smiling face appeared.

"Right on time, and look at you. You're much cleaner than last time. I think we can dispense with the washing down outside. Come in, lad, come in."

"Thank you, sir." Leo stepped into the kitchen and stood near the door while the baker closed it.

"Here, come sit at the table." The baker pointed to the seat that Leo had occupied last time before he moved to the stove to retrieve a pot of what smelled like stew. "Tell me what you've been up to this past week. You look stronger and better-dressed."

"I have eaten well, sir."

The baker paused and went to the doorway. "He's here, son. Come down now." The baker returned to the table and dished out a ladle full of thick stew into a bowl. He handed Leo the bowl and a large chunk of bread. "Start eating, lad. Save your story until my son gets here. I want him to hear about your adventures."

Leo ate slower than the last time, but he still managed to finish his first bowl of stew by the time the baker's son shuffled in and sat down at the table. Leo nodded in greeting, but the boy said nothing as he sat down beside his father. Leo shrugged and began to spoon more food into his mouth from the newly filled bowl.

"Leo was about to tell us about his week. What was the first thing you did with the money, lad?"

"I bought food."

"I'm glad you were able to do so. I knew that it would be a struggle to find someone who would be able to make change for the silver piece, but I remember my days on the streets well. One coin is much easier to hide than a handful. Did anyone try to rob you?"

"I was careful."

"Excellent. So you bought food and received change?"

Leo nodded.

"Then what did you do?"

How much do I want to tell this man? I feel that I owe him a story, but we are still strangers. "I bought boots and some decent clothes."

"Good. Anything else?"

Leo shook his head.

The baker's expression changed. His lips pursed and he folded his hands on the table.

He is disappointed with my story. "In order to get change, I had to purchase a large amount of food, sir. All I had left after that was enough for the boots and clothes. I am sorry if I disappointed you, but I did try my best to spend the money wisely."

The baker smiled and took a deep breath. "I'm sure you did, lad. Would you prefer that I give you more coins this time instead of the one?"

"Thank you, sir, but I have figured it out. One coin is much better to hide and I have found a reliable person to make change for me this time."

"That's a clever lad." The baker beamed and reached for a small dish of butter. "Here now, put this on your bread."

"Thank you."

Leo finished his second helping and then his third in silence. He pushed the plate away. "Once again you spoil me with such delicious food. I am grateful."

"Not at all." The baker stood and removed the bowl and took it to the sink. He returned with a piece of apple pie. "Eat this while my son takes hot water up to the bath for you. I have to prepare the pans for tomorrow morning."

The baker's son got up and went to the stove, lifting the large pot of hot water. As he walked past, Leo thought he caught a glare but the boy was gone too quick for him to be certain.

His bath was quick this time, just long enough to scrub everywhere. When he was done, the baker looked at his neck and behind his ears to make certain that there was no dirt. He ruffled through Leo's hair, looking for lice. With a satisfied nod he declared the boy clean. "It is not terribly late. I think we should all get some sleep."

Leo knelt down near the back door to the kitchen and noticed two thick woolen blankets.

"Those are for you, lad." He handed Leo another silver piece and ruffled his hair. "It was good to see you again. Leave in the morning when you are rested and return in one week. Be careful out there."

"I will do my best." Last week, he worked while I slept, but tonight he lets a street boy be in his house while the family sleeps. So odd to trust someone he does not know in such a way.

The baker extinguished the lights and left the kitchen. There were footsteps as father and son moved around on the top floor for a few minutes and then the house became silent.

Leo lay on one blanket and bunched the second up to make a pillow. He fell asleep quickly.

***



At the first sounds of activity, Leo was up and reaching for the door. He walked through the back alley and stopped at the corner of the building to peer into the street.

He scanned for danger before proceeding. There were barely any people and he saw no trace of the Keeper. A block from the baker's home, he turned the corner and smiled with relief. His smile melted away as an arm encircled his throat and pulled tightly, forcing him to cough and gasp for air.

"A week, huh?" The keeper pulled him forward until and then slammed his face into a nearby wall with a thud which caused his vision to explode in bursts of white light.

"I've been hunting you for a week, but today I get my reward for patience." The Keeper released his grip on Leo’s throat and threw him to the ground, the impact caused his remaining breath to leave him. Leo gasped, unable to get a breath, then the toe of the Keeper's boot connected with his ribs. The sickening crack of his ribs sounded like a cannon blast in his mind. Leo's eyes rolled back into his head and the Keeper’s blows continued thudding into his body as blackness claimed him.





7

The burning pain in Leo's ribs woke him up. Instinct told him not to try and breathe too deeply and so he did his best to draw shallow breaths. He opened his eyes. Each inhalation was a little deeper than the last. On his fourth breath, the pain became excruciating. "I guess it could be worse." The sentence sounded blurred and the right side of his lip felt thick as he spoke.

"It could be," a man's voice said from beside him, "but not much worse without you being dead."

Leo turned towards the voice and pain blossomed in his neck muscles, the sensation making him gasp and cough. A hand touched his chest and rested there until he regained control of his lungs.

"Best if you don't try and move." A man moved into Leo’s view. He was a middle-aged man with dark brown hair and a thin growth of stubble. "What's your name, son?"

"Where am I?"

"The trade quarter."

Where the baker lives. I'm not among friends here. "They call me Jonathan."

"You don't live in the quarter, do you?"

"No."

"Didn't think so. I know everyone that lives here. Where you from?"

Leo remained silent.

"Well, Jonathan, you're one lucky boy. Most hurt as bad as you would've died."

"You a doctor?"

"I am."

"I have no money."

"That's not true, is it?" An old tanned hand with thin skin appeared in front of Leo's face. Pinched between the first and second finger was a silver coin. "Found this tucked into your waist. Strange that the thugs who attacked you didn't take it."

"It is."

"How many jumped you?"

"I don't remember."

"The Keeper said he chased off five of‘em."

"The Keeper brought me to you?"

The doctor laughed. "’Course not. A merchant brought you here, but apparently the Keeper was nearby. Claimed that he heard a commotion and, when he came to investigate, saw five criminals beating on you. The Keeper chased them off but couldn't catch them. When he returned, a merchant was already bringing you to me."

"Sounds believable."

"Not terribly original or detailed, but any less detail would sound suspicious, wouldn't it?"

He doesn't believe the Keeper. Doesn't matter. This man can't protect me. "I have to go."

"You're smart enough not to try and sit up as you said that."

"I didn't say I could go, only that I have to."

The doctor chuckled. "Your mind is sharp. Clothes are not the best, but you're not a street dweller, at least. Tell me what part of the city you live in and I will send for your parents."

"I can't."

"You're a runaway from the country, then." The doctor sighed and peered into Leo's eyes. "Follow my finger, please." He moved his finger back and forth a couple times in front of each eye and then leaned back. "I suppose there is no other option but to let you rest here until you can stand."

"How long will that take?"

"Couple days."

Leo closed his eyes and did some quick math. There is enough food in the alley to last the others that long. I will miss my meeting with the vendor, though. I don't want to ruin my relationship with him and he is counting on me. "Can you deliver a message for me?"

The doctor looked at the boy and nodded. "I'm not in the courier business, but I do my best to help my patients heal without stress. I don't leave this quarter, so if you want it delivered outside, I will need to hire someone."

"I need it taken to the docks. The tanner's place."

"That's not far out of this district. I am known in that area."

"Good, because I need you to take a note along with the coin."

The doctor considered the request and nodded. "Give me the note and I will see to it."

"I will need to borrow paper and pencil to compose it."

"You can read and write? Where did you learn those skills?"

Leo shook his head.

"You’re a mysterious one." The doctor moved to a desk and returned with a scrap of paper and pencil. Leo sat up with the doctor’s assistance and wrote with the paper against his lap.

Finley,

I apologize for missing our rendezvous, but circumstances out of my control prevented me. Please take your payment and add an additional ten percent for the late payment. If you could return the change to the doctor I would be most grateful. I will see you next week at the same time for a fresh order.

Leo

The small effort to write the note taxed Leo. He handed the note to the doctor, who took it and read it. "I know Finley. He is an honourable man who sells only the best quality food. The tanner is his brother-in-law."

Leo nodded. "Is there time today to take the note, or must it wait until tomorrow?"

The doctor read the note and looked back at Leo. "What do you want to do with the food you are paying him for?"

"Let him keep it. I can't carry it away in my current state."

"Then why pay for it?"

"Because that is our arrangement."

"But you are not able to use what you are buying."

"That isn't Finley's problem. I will need his food next week. If I don't honour my obligation to him then how can I expect him to be there for me next week?"

"Loyalty. Not a common trait in the people of today's world."

"All the more reason for those who possess it to hold onto the value tightly."

The doctor laughed and shook his head. "You are an intriguing boy, Jonathan."

"It's Leo. Now that I must involve you in my personal life, I need to trust you."

"I will not betray that trust, Leo."

If I'm lucky, you won't. "I believe you, Doctor . . ."

"Johnston. Doctor Samuel Johnston." The doctor folded the coin into the letter so that Leo could see. "I will take this now. You get some sleep. I will bring you back the change. By the time you wake up, I should be back."

Leo's eyes were becoming heavy. "The change is yours, Doctor. For your care and assistance."

"Nonsense."

"I insist."

Doctor Johnston smiled. "When you are up and walking you can try to force the money on me."

Leo nodded and let sleep take him.





8

Leo hobbled into the alley two days later, favouring his right side where the majority of the internal damage had been inflicted.

Mouse appeared from the shadows. "What in the name of the gods happened to you?"

Leo winced. "Nothing. Have I missed anything important?"

"Here, let me help you." Mouse moved to Leo's right side and grabbed his arm, putting it around his own shoulders.

"I'm fine."

"You don't look fine. Tell me what happened."

"I can't."

The two walked in silence for the rest of the way. When they got close to their spot in the alley, Oak looked up and let out an excited shout. "You're back! Thought you'd gone for good there, boyo." His smile melted as he saw Leo's face. "What in seven hells happened to you? Who did this?"

"Someone bigger." Stick stood and moved to inspect his friend, touching the bruises and running a finger over the swollen eye. "Boots and fists, it looks like."

"Aye."

"More than one, at least?"

Leo pursed his lips and shook his head.

Stick frowned and helped Leo sit down. "Was it someone from the alley? Or another alley?"

"I'm sorry, but I can't tell you. I’ll be fine. It was a stupid mistake. I was caught by surprise—twice—and it won't happen again."

"Again?" Mouse raised his eyebrows. "Are you earning this money by fighting in the Pits?"

Leo laughed. "Do I look like Oak to you? No way. What makes you think I have more money?"

"Am I wrong?"

Leo grinned and removed a handful of coins—the change from Finley, which the doctor had refused to accept as payment for his service.

"How does your tribute work?" Stick asked.

Leo told them the terms.

"That's a high percentage for no protection," Mouse said.

"It's a start." Leo pushed his back against the wall and stood.

"Where you going?"

"To pay the lord his due."

"That can wait."

"No."

Oak put his arm gently around Leo. The boy was strong, barely exerting himself, and still Leo felt most of his weight lifted by the support. "I'll help you get there and back."

"Thank you."

The two walked down the alley, leaving Stick and Mouse behind.



"What is that boy up to?" Stick reached for his quarterstaff and resumed carving a fresh design into a bare piece of the wood.

Mouse watched Leo disappear from sight. "I don't know what he's up to, but I intend to find out." He looked at his friend. "Interested in helping?"

"Of course."



***



Lord Argon’s expression conveyed boredom as he sat on his throne and watched Leo approach the table and place his tribute on the surface. "What happened to you, little lion?"

"Nothing."

"That's the story you tell the Keepers or your friends in order to look tough. When your lord asks you a question, you answer it."

"I was beaten."

"By who?"

Leo bit the inside of his cheek and shook his head.

"I have other things to do today, Leo. Tell me who beat you."

The boy shrugged. "I don't know."

"Was it one of us?"

"No."

Argon tapped his fingers against his left armrest. "I told you last time that you don't pay for protection."

"I'm not asking for it."

"I see." His eyes moved to the small stack of coins on the table. "If you have added the extra percentage, then your income is the same amount as last time?"

"Yes, Lord."

"I'm surprised to see you back here so soon. A kid your age doesn't make that kind of money once, let alone twice in the same number of weeks."

"Thank you."

Argon laughed. "Thank you." He got up and walked to Leo. Almost tenderly, he pressed points on the boy’s torso, nodding when he hit a spot that caused Leo to wince. After a moment, he stopped. "Whoever did this to you was big. You have deep tissue damage and broken ribs."

"How do you know that, Lord?"

Argon smiled. "Has my reputation faded? Do the young no longer speak about where their Lord Argon came from? Is the Wolf of the Pits no longer worthy of stories?"

"Your reputation is well-known, Lord." Argon had been a gladiator champion of the Pits, the fighting arenas that provided entertainment for the wealthy and elite. Most competitors came as slaves and died within a year of their first fight. Argon had come to the Pits voluntarily at the age of sixteen. He had survived and triumphed for over a decade before being granted something rare: honourable retirement. He had taken his years of prize money and donations and used the funds to become Lord of the Alleys.

"I learned from some of the best healers in the world. The ability to mend a fighter and get them back into the pit quickly is an art. The Pits attract the best healers from throughout civilization."

Leo nodded.

"Someone your age never earns protection."

"Yes, Lord."

"The main reason for that is that someone your age rarely tributes enough to earn it."

"I understand."

"When do you next expect to return to me with another payment?"

"Next week, Lord, and every week after that."

Argon looked at one of his advisors, a middle-aged man with a bald skull and long spider web-like scars running from the corner of his mouth to the back of his head. The man raised one eyebrow and nodded.

"Fine." Lord Argon sighed and put one hand on Leo's shoulder. "As of this moment, you are now protected by the Lord of the Alleys. No one in the alleys may harm you without answering to me."

Leo bowed his head. "Thank you, Lord Argon."

"Keep offering tribute as you say you will, and that will be all the thanks I require." His grip tightened on the boy's shoulder. "Stop offering tribute and the protection ends. Do you understand, little lion?"

"I do."

"Off you go, then."

Leo limped to the front door and exited the building. The giant guard nodded at him and the boy returned the gesture.

Oak waited for him against the far wall. "How did it go?"

"I now have the Lord's protection."

Oak whistled. "By the gods, that is impressive, Leo. No one will lay a hand on you now."

"It only protects me from the people of the alleys. Unfortunately, my danger lies outside the Lord's reach. If the Keeper catches me again, I think he'll kill me."





9

When it was time to visit the baker once more, Leo slipped out of his rags and left the alley, careful to make sure he disturbed no one on his way out. As he reached the main street, a silhouette materialized out of the darkness.

"Damn it, Mouse, no matter how many times you appear out of thin air it surprises the hell out of me."

Mouse smiled. "The skill has its uses."

"Indeed."

"Here." Mouse held out a small piece of folded parchment and Leo took it.

"What is it?"

"What's in it is the better question. A special powder."

"For what?"

"To use when you get attacked again."

"I don't plan on being attacked again, Mouse."

"Did you plan on the attacks before?"

"No."

"Rip the paper and fling it towards your attacker. Try not to get any on you. If it should happen . . ." The boy shrugged. "Do your best not to breathe it in."

"What do I do after I throw the powder?"

"Run away. If he gets a hand on you, drop to the ground and play dead."

"If I fall to the ground he will make me do more than play dead."

Mouse shook his head. "The powder acts quickly. Be ready to run."

"Thank you."

"Good luck. And on your way back home, travel the back alleys."

"You know where I'm going?"

Mouse nodded as he melted into the shadows.

Leo shook his head and stepped onto the main street.

***

"You look hurt, lad." The baker looked genuinely concerned.

"A small fight where I live. I was dumb enough to be in the wrong place at the worst time."

"Are you sure the money hasn't made you a target?"

"Not at all."

"That's good. I hope that you are putting it to good use."

"I am trying my best, sir."

"Not spending it on drugs or liquor. I would detect that on you and I'm happy that you are stronger than that."

"I am."

"Good." The baker stood. "Time for bath and sleep."



***



Leo scanned the alley to make sure that it was clear before he left the baker's house. He followed Mouse's advice and moved through the back alleys rather than take the main street as he had done in the past. After five blocks, he started to feel optimistic. A moment later, a deep laugh from the darkness made his spirits sink. He turned and dodged left, narrowly avoiding the Keeper's hand. He tried to run, but the man tripped the boy, sending him sprawling.

"Third time's a charm, boy." The Keeper's smile was terrifying as he stepped onto Leo's foot, pinning him to the ground.

The packet.

Leo scrambled for the piece of paper in his waistband. He took a deep breath and held it, then he tore the paper and flung the contents at the Keeper. The powder was fine, like flour, except it shimmered silver in the dim light. It drifted into the man’s eyes as he bent down to grab Leo’s head. Startled, the Keeper blinked rapidly and took a breath. "What the—"

Leo tried to get to his feet and run but the Keeper pressed on the boy's foot, one hand coming up to scrub his eyes. "What did you throw on me? Flour? Goddamn, I can't see a thing!"

He grabbed Leo by the hair and his fist streaked towards the boy’s face.

A staff with intricate patterns carved in the wood appeared between Leo's face and the Keeper's fist, intercepting the blow. The Keeper's fist made a terrible crunching noise as bones contacted the quarterstaff and shattered. He shouted and his hands sprang up to rub his eyes again, causing him to lose the grip on Leo's collar. The boy scrambled backwards.

Stick stepped between his friend and the brute. "It's not nice to pick on people smaller than you. We expect better from our elders, especially a Keeper of the Law."

"What did you throw at me?" Spit flew from the Keeper’s lips as he screamed. "I’m blind!" He lunged forward in an attempt to grab Stick. The boy laughed and sidestepped the larger man, swinging his staff down to sweep the legs out from under his assailant.

The Keeper fell, pounded his fist against the ground in rage, and launched back up to standing. "I'm gonna kill you little bastards for this!"

"Are you sure about that, Keeper?" Stick said the words as if they tasted bitter. "We are willing to let this matter end. Leave my friend alone and we will do the same."

The Keeper laughed. "Leave you alone?" He held his broken hand up. "You struck a Keeper of the Law. That is punishable by death and I will see the sentence carried out, rat puke!"

"You can't see anything. How are you going to identify me?"

"I know what your friend looks like. Before I finish with him, he will lead me to you."

Stick shook his head and sighed. "We tried, but I don't think we can end this peacefully, Leo."

"Leo?" The Keeper grinned. "Now I know the little bastard's name. I won't rest until he is brought to justice."

"Yeah." Stick bounced his staff lightly against his shoulder. "I know you well enough to understand that, Hector. Word on the street is you're the worst kind of monster. I think it's time we did everyone a favour."

Stick took two steps forward and his quarterstaff flashed, jabbing the Keeper in the middle of the forehead, then once on each side of the skull. Finally he turned and swung the staff with all of his strength. It connected with the man's barrel-sized chest. As the staff struck the Keeper’s chest, he crashed to the ground like a toppled tree. There was a faint sound of bubbling air as blood leaked from the Keeper's mouth and nose.

Stick stood over the Keeper's body and considered it for a moment before swinging the weapon down hard onto the base of the man's neck, snapping his vertebrae.

He looked at Leo and nodded towards a rope hanging from a nearby wall. "Let's get out of here."

Leo nodded and ran to the rope, climbing to the rooftop and accepting Mouse's hand to help him onto the flat stone shingles.

Stick joined them and dragged the rope up. "We left no trace."

Mouse nodded.

"We just killed a Keeper," Leo said.

"We just saved your life." Mouse wrapped the rope around his shoulders as they walked.

"They will hunt us down."

"That's a problem that wouldn't exist if we hadn't followed you."

"You're right. Thank you. And I'm sorry."

Mouse laughed. "Sorry for what?"

"Getting you involved."

Stick frowned. "We are family. You would do the same for me."

"Absolutely."

"Then there is nothing to be sorry for."

"I will fix this." Leo's tone was confident.

Stick laughed as he jumped to the adjacent rooftop. "That's what we're counting on, brother."





10

The guard nodded as Leo approached. "Morning, little lion. Right on time for your weekly visit."

"Um, yes. Good morning."

"He's expecting you." The man stepped aside and opened the door.

Leo entered the building and paused, waiting at the entrance as the door closed. Minutes passed.

No guide this time.

He walked down the hallway until he reached the main audience hall and peeked through the open door. "Hello?"

"Come in, Leo." Lord Argon sat at the large table across from a beautiful woman and large man, both dressed in rags of better quality than Leo's. The alleys had their own hierarchy and the quality of rags increased to reflect one's rank. Leo had seen very wealthy people walk past him dressed in rags made from better-quality cloth than he imagined royals would wear.

"Usually you bring your tribute in the afternoon."

"Yes, Lord Argon."

"Place it over here." He tapped a spot on the table and glanced at the woman. She watched Leo with a bored expression, but Leo could sense her interest.

He approached and placed the tribute on the table, then took a step back.

The woman arched one eyebrow. Lord Argon looked down. "Silver?" He looked at Leo and chewed his lip. "You have increased your earnings by a large amount in a short time, little lion."

"No, I haven't. This is my entire earnings for the week."

"Offered as tribute?" Lord Argon sighed and shook his head. "What have you done?"

"Gotten himself into serious trouble, most like." The woman smiled, making her appear even more beautiful.

Lord Argon lowered his head onto one hand and wiped the corner of his eye. "If this has to do with a certain Keeper who stopped breathing yesterday, then I misjudged you, Leo." His mouth twitched into a grin and his eyes sparkled. "Have I guessed correctly?"

Leo nodded.

"Ha!" The man across from Lord Argon slammed his hand on the table and laughed, sounding more like a bear than a man. "We've been sitting here all night trying to figure out who had the balls for such a thing and this tiny runt comes in claiming the deed was his doing." He tilted his head back and laughed again. The woman smiled and Lord Argon grinned and shook his head.

Leo remained still, unsure how to react. This looks good, but it could still end badly. For me, at least.

Lord Argon stood, picked up the coin, and flipped it through the air towards Leo. "Keep your coin, Leo. No tribute this week. In fact, you've done me such a favour, perhaps I should pay you." He looked at the woman and she blinked before nodding. That seemed to settle the matter for Lord Argon. He reached into his breast pocket and tossed the boy another coin.

Leo's breath caught as he noticed the colour spinning towards him. He snatched it from the air and looked down at the gold coin resting in his palm. "My lord, this is too generous. I don't understand."

"You thought I would be angry?"

"I thought you would either turn me out from the alley or kill me."

"Killing a Keeper is very serious. If you are caught, the wrath of the entire city, even the country, is called down upon you and everyone connected to you. This is true, and in most other cases I would have turned you out." His smile disappeared. "I do not condone killing Keepers, do you understand me?"

"I do."

Lord Argon nodded and his grin reappeared. "That being said, Hector has been a thorn in my side for some time. I have asked the gods to kill that man more times than I can count. I do not often part with coin. Hopefully you can appreciate the gold in your hand and what it represents to me."

Leo bowed low. "I do, my lord, and I thank you."

The man at the table stroked his beard and laughed. "Lord Argon is happy with you not because you did the deed, boy, but because you got away with it."

"That is not certain, is it?"

Argon poured a drink and returned to the table. "Over a day has passed since the Keeper was killed." He looked at Leo. "Barely, but the time is past, am I right?"

"Yes."

"You are too young to remember the last time a Keeper of the Law was murdered, Leo, but I remember it well. Sacred law governs this matter, and it states that they have one day after the event to find the guilty party. Should they fail to find the killer by then, the investigation is ended. Since the Order of Law Keepers was begun, they have never failed to bring a killer of their own to justice."

"Finally," the woman said, "it would appear that their perfect record has been broken."

"So it would." Lord Argon nodded.

"This will cause a large ripple across the country," the large man declared.

"The Keepers will use this to their advantage," Leo said.

"What do you mean?"

"Instead of finding the real murderer, they will take this opportunity to place the blame on an enemy that is untouchable under normal circumstances."

"You are clever, boy, and absolutely correct. My sources tell me that it will be a powerful alley lord."

"You?" Leo asked.

Argon shook his head. "Not this time. My advance knowledge of what is to come provides us with a unique advantage. I am told that it will be one of three possible alley lords. When the Keepers finally decide who it will be, the remaining lords will rush in to claim the vacant territory. I intend to be the victor in this matter." Lord Argon reached into his pocket and withdrew another silver coin. Instead of flipping it through the air, he walked to Leo and handed it to him.

"Maybe this boy will be the one to replace you, Argon," the woman said.

Lord Argon shrugged. "There will come a time when someone must." He looked at Leo. "Until then, you live in my alleys and are mine. Do you have a problem with that?"

"None, my lord."

"You do not owe tribute on the coin that I give you."

"Thank you." Leo bowed.

"I look forward to seeing you next week, little lion."





11

Stick swung his quarterstaff low and Leo blocked it with a loud clack from his own staff. They traded blows until Stick stepped back and raised a hand to halt the sparring.

"Did you perform that last combination on purpose?"

Leo wiped sweat from his brow with the back of his hand and nodded. "I saw a chance to move you so that the light would be shining in your eyes."

"Perfect." Stick ran a hand through his dry hair and tapped his staff against Leo's. "You are a natural at this. We've only been practicing for three weeks and already you can get an occasional scoring hit on me."

"I haven't come close to touching you."

"Maybe not." Stick grinned. "But you would have struck an average opponent once or twice by now. That's very good, considering the short time spent." He narrowed his eyes and sat with his back against the wall. "I think you're lying to me, though."

Leo sat down. "About what?"

"You're not a beginner. I can see it in the subtle things. I might be young, but there are few who could best me. I recognize skill when I see it."

"You are a born master."

Stick shrugged. "A master in another lifetime who never forgot the skills, perhaps."

"That's an intriguing thought."

"Don't change the subject. The way you hold the staff and swing it, even your footwork, you have prior experience with weapons."

"You mean the staff."

He shook his head. "I watch you at knives with Mouse and other weapons with Oak. You hold yourself like a warrior with all of them."

"Maybe I also have memories from another lifetime that my body has not forgotten."

Stick looked at him and shook his head. "Maybe."

"Can we call it a day? Warrior or not, you left new bruises on me and I'm tired."

Stick laughed. "We can be done. What would you like to do now?"

"I'm going to visit the doctor."

"Want company?"

"Not today."

***

Doctor Johnston held the flat, cold metal of his instrument against Leo's chest while he listened through the earpieces. "Everything sounds good and your range of motion is back to normal. I would have told you to expect a full recovery from your wounds in seven to eight weeks, but you did it in four."

"I hate to wait."

The doctor laughed. "Put your shirt on. Do you want some tea?"

"Yes, please."

The doctor went to his kitchen and returned a few moments later with two empty cups and a pot of tea.

"I have a proposition for you," Leo said.

"Do you?"

"Yes. How secure is this house?"

"Structurally?" The doctor filled Leo's cup with steaming liquid. "As secure as any other building in this part of the city."

"You have rare medicines and equipment. Has anyone ever robbed you?"

"Never. It's bad for everyone if the local doctor leaves because he does not feel safe."

"Exactly."

"Why do you ask?" The doctor blew across the top of his cup and took a sip.

"I need a safe place to store my coin."

"How much do you have?"

Leo told him.

The doctor's eyes widened and he whistled. "That is a frightening sum to keep tucked into your belt in the streets. Perhaps it is time for you to leave the alleys."

"Why?"

"Because you can afford to live in a better place."

Leo sighed and shook his head. "What I am proposing is that you store my money here. I will visit you to get whatever I need from time to time. I will pay you a monthly fee for the convenience. How does that sound?"

"I do not need money."

"Everyone needs money."

"Let me say it this way, then: I already possess more money than I can use."

"So? More can't hurt."

"It serves no purpose."

Leo paused. "You're serious?"

"Of course I am."

"Okay. It was worth asking."

"I didn't say no."

"You would help me for nothing in return?"

The doctor smiled. "I didn't say that."

"Ah, then what payment would you accept instead of currency?"

"Currency of a different sort than coin. Information and association."

Leo took a drink of tea and placed the cup on the small table between them. "You are speaking about something more valuable than round metal pieces, Doctor. Hold my coin here and I will share what information I can."

"Excellent."

"Are you willing to also share your information with me?"

Doctor Johnston considered the question and nodded. "Absolutely."





12

Finley and Leo sat at a table and drank water while three boys from the alley loaded the weekly shipment of food onto a cart.

Finley used a small knife to peel an apple as he watched the boys work. "This is the fifth week since we began our arrangement and I notice that you bring different helpers each time."

"The first week I brought my closest friends. Since then, there are many volunteers to help carry the food away."

"What do you give them for their help?"

"An extra amount of food."

Finley nodded and leaned back, closing his eyes as the sun warmed his face.

"Are you a wealthy man, Finley?"

"Not by a long journey."

"Is it only food that you sell?"

"That is my primary market, but I can acquire other items."

Leo reached into his shirt and withdrew a list. "How about these?"

Finley looked at the list and nodded. "I can get all of them."

"How soon?"

"Three days."

"And your price?"

The vendor's head moved as he added the figures. "One silver, twenty copper."

"Round the total up. I will pay you two silver."

"There's no need for that."

Leo smiled. "I will make six silver when I sell the items."

The vendor laughed. "Then perhaps I should take the items to the alleys myself."

"You could, but I think that you would be robbed."

"There is that."

"Don't worry, I have no desire to become a merchant."

"Then why buy the items?"

"I continue to buy the food out of loyalty to you."

"Truly?"

"Of course. When I needed help most, you took a chance on me and were honest in your dealings." He reached out to place one hand on the other man’s shoulder. "As long as you are a food vendor and I have money, I will buy from you."

"I don't know what to say to that, Leo."

"There's nothing to say."

Finley looked at the boy and nodded. "Why buy these other items?"

"Because friends have made requests, and six silver is much less than the going rate in the alley."

Finley took a bite of apple and chewed for a moment before asking Leo his next question. "What is it that you want to do with your life, if not be a merchant?"

"I am not entirely certain yet, although I have had some ideas lately."

"Do you sell the food?"

"In a manner of speaking. I share the food and receive good will in return."

Finley snorted. "Not much you can do with good will."

"You would be surprised."

"Of that I have no doubt. You are full of surprises today, Leo."

***

Doctor Johnston opened the door and smiled. "Good afternoon, Leo."

"Doctor." Leo smiled and gestured at the three boys standing behind him. "These are my closest friends, Mouse, Stick, and Oak."

"Pleased to make your acquaintances, gentlemen." The doctor opened the door wider and stepped aside. "Please come in and make yourselves comfortable."

The four boys entered the house and went into the parlour. Leo sat first, then the others did the same.

"Can I offer you a drink?"

"Thank you, but not today. I've brought the money."

The doctor nodded and sat in the remaining chair. "Excellent."

Leo looked at Oak and nodded. The large boy stood up, removed a fabric belt from under his shirt, and handed it to Leo who, in turn, passed it over to the doctor. "Would you please count this and give me a written note to acknowledge that I have left it with you?"

"Absolutely." The doctor stood and took the belt to his desk. He opened it and counted the contents, then wrote the amount on a piece of paper and signed it.

"Is this amount correct?" He passed the slip of paper to Leo, who looked at it and nodded.

"That's right. It is only fair if you charge me a fee for this service, Doctor."

"Our other arrangement will suffice," the doctor said.

"Thank you." Leo looked at his friends. "I will never ask you to give my money to anyone not sitting in this room with me. If someone brings you a letter saying otherwise, they are liars."

"I understand."

"And, to be clear, if Mouse, Stick, or Oak come here on my behalf to collect some of the coin, they will possess a letter with my signature. No one except me gets a coin from this house without a note and signature."

"That is how it shall be."

"Good. Now, let us share rumours and information."

"We have a new Keeper in the neighbourhood," the doctor said.

"Is he as kind and helpful as Hector was?" Stick smirked.

"He is young and very kind."

"That must be an odd change," Mouse said.

"What is his name?" Leo asked.

"Riley." The doctor paused. "He has been asking about Hector's death."

"That makes sense," Leo said. "The twenty-four hours have long passed, but I would imagine the Keepers will continue their hunt."

"Officially they can't, but this is a serious red mark on their record. I suspect they will not rest until they find the guilty party."

Stick smiled. "I'm sure that everyone wishes them well in their search."





13

The bell attached to the front door rang to announce a new customer. The baker grinned and put two trays of fresh dough into the oven. "I'll be right out."

"Take your time."

The baker frowned and wiped his hands before walking out to the front of the store. His frown turned to a smile as he recognized the uniform. "Ah, you must be the new Keeper. Riley, isn't it?"

"That's right."

The man in front of the counter was young, perhaps twenty-five, tall and broad of frame with sandy blond hair. His uniform was clean, well-maintained. Riley was smiling, making the baker feel comfortable.

This one looks different. Perhaps we will be safer with this Keeper walking the streets of our neighbourhood.

"It's good to meet you." The two men shook hands.

"You as well," Riley said. "People in the neighbourhood speak well of you, sir."

"I'm glad to hear it. No one wants to buy bread from a grumpy baker."

"When I was a boy, our baker was not a nice man."

"I'm sorry to hear that. No sweet treats for you as a boy, then?" The baker turned and grabbed a sweet sticky bun from a tray and placed it onto a plate. He set it down on the counter and pushed it toward Riley with a nod.

The Keeper laughed and reached for the treat, smiling as he took a large bite and chewed. "There were definitely no treats from our baker. Do I taste cinnamon on this?"

The baker nodded.

"Delicious. My thanks."

"You are very welcome. What do you think of our neighbourhood so far?"

"It's a very peaceful region. The people seem a bit . . . timid of me."

The baker did his best to look confused by the comment but Riley laughed.

"I knew Hector. He was a monster of the highest calibre. In truth, I'm surprised the doors were not all barred to me as the new Keeper."

"He wasn't so bad as that." Best to remain neutral. This could be a trap to root out dissent. The Keepers are a devious lot.

Riley shrugged and took another bite of the sticky bun. "I suppose none dare admit the truth for fear of what that will say about you. Let me assure you, good baker, I am not like my predecessor. You will find me a fair person."

"That is good to know, Keeper."

"Please, when we are alone you may call me Riley."

"I don't know if that's such a good idea."

Riley shrugged. "As you like. I hope that, over time, you will feel comfortable enough to do so."

There was a noise from the stairs and both men turned.

The baker smiled. "Keeper Riley, this is my son. Alexander, this is the new Keeper. Say hello."

"Hello." The boy looked down as he spoke, making him difficult to hear.

"Hello, lad. It's nice to meet you. You're a strong-looking boy. Do you help your father with the ovens, then?"

"He certainly does." When I can convince him to come out of his room.

"Excellent. You are fortunate to have a trade that you can learn. Your place in life is secure."

The boy looked up and narrowed his eyes. The baker opened his mouth to scold him, but the Keeper laughed.

"I see you are at that awkward stage of life where you dream of something more than the ovens and baking bread."

The baker coughed. "Yes, he has become a bit rebellious of late, but as you say, that is his age."

"Maybe he will run off and become a soldier or a Keeper," Riley suggested.

"Or a lord," Alexander mumbled.

The Keeper laughed. "Set your sights high, then. Good for you."

Alexander glared at the Keeper and turned to run back up the stairs.

"Get back here," the baker called out, but Riley raised a hand and shook his head.

"That's okay. I must be going anyway. What do I owe you for the bun?"

"That was a gift to welcome you to the neighbourhood."

Riley shook his head and pulled out a small change purse. "A Keeper must not accept gifts. I appreciate that Hector caused confusion about that, but while I am here, there will be no lines crossed."

"I understand. It is one pence for the bun. I feel bad for giving it to you, now. My intention was not to force you to part with your coin."

"Think nothing of it." Riley found the proper coin and placed it on the counter. "I would have purchased one anyway once I learned there was cinnamon on them. It was delicious and I'm certain that I will return often for more."

The baker nodded and accepted the coin.

Riley stopped halfway to the door and turned as if a sudden thought had occurred to him. "I am searching for Hector's killers."

"Oh."

"I know. It's a strange thing that they remain at large. The Council of Law is very distressed that this is the case. If you help us find the guilty men there is a substantial reward."

"I will be sure to keep my ears and eyes open."

"One hundred gold coins."

The baker's eyes bulged. "I beg your pardon?"

"That is the reward for leading us to the murderers."

That's more money than I would make if I lived two lifetimes as a baker. "I will contact you right away should I hear anything."

"Thank you." The Keeper smiled and exited the store.





14

"There's another one here to see you."

Leo glanced up from carving his new quarterstaff and looked past Oak at the boy standing a few feet away. "Send him over."

"This is the fifth one today."

Leo nodded and resumed his carving. "Keep tally for me in case the number gets much higher and I lose count."

Oak grunted and walked away.

"Morning, Leo."

"Morning."

"Name's Albert."

Leo blew the wood chips away from his carving and ran his hand along the spot to check for smoothness as he looked up at Albert and smiled. "I know your name, Albert. You're twenty feet down the alley on the left wall, am I correct?"

Albert smiled. "That's right."

Leo set the staff aside and motioned for the boy to sit beside him. "How can I make your day better?"

"Word is that you have money to lend."

"If money is what you require."

Albert tilted his head. "I think it is."

"Money is rarely what we need."

"I don't understand what you mean."

Leo nodded. "How much do you want?"

"Fifteen copper."

"That's a respectable sum and it's certainly not my business but, if you don't mind answering, what would you do with the copper? Go back to your spot and count it? Rest the coins under your head at night to make your sleep more peaceful? Sew them onto your clothes as ornaments to catch the light and make pleasant sounds while you walk?"

Albert laughed. "Of course not. I would use it to buy—" He paused. "I don't know if I should tell you. The more people who know about my plans the more dangerous it likely is."

Leo raised a hand. "That's fine. I don't need to know exactly what you would do with the money, just that you would do something with it."

"Of course."

"Let's say that you need rope, a knife, and a set of lock picks." Albert cleared his throat and Leo smiled. "Money would be required to buy such things, but until you could make the transaction, there would be danger that someone would rob you, am I right?"

"Yes."

"That's what I'm talking about. It would save you time and reduce the danger to you by asking me for the items instead of the money."

"I understand what you're saying."

"Good." Leo leaned back and crossed his legs. "Then how can I make your day better?"

"Well." Albert moved closer and leaned in to whisper. "I would like a small shovel, twenty feet of rope, three candles, and a flint and steel."

"How soon do you need it?"

"Right away?"

"What does that mean?"

"Huh?"

Leo spread his hands. "To me,‘right away’means that I expect you to reach behind you and pull the items out of thin air. If I tell you I need something right away, I can't leave until I have them. Is that what you mean?"

"Oh. No. If I could get them by tomorrow at noon that would be good."

Leo nodded. "Excellent. Then, by‘right away’, you mean a day from now?"

"Yeah."

"That's great news, because I couldn't get the items now, but I can have them for you by the time you want."

Albert grinned. "That's perfect."

"We've determined that money isn't what you were looking for, but it is what I'm interested in. I need to buy things and don't have enough coin to do so. If I get you the items, then I will want you to repay me with coin. Will that be possible?"

Albert laughed. "Yeah. If things go as planned, I will easily be able to pay you the fifteen coppers."

Leo winced. "’If things go as planned’is not a phrase that makes me comfortable."

"Why?"

"Makes it sound like things might not work out in your favour."

"No problem." Albert shrugged. "If it doesn't, I can return the items to you."

"I don't need those items, Albert, you do. If I get them for you, then they are yours, do you understand?"

"Kind of."

Leo pretended to think about the situation for a moment. "Look, maybe it's just better to give you the coin?"

Albert looked confused. "Yeah, maybe that's best."

"Okay, then." Leo whistled and Oak came over. "Albert needs a loan of fifteen copper."

"Sounds good," Oak said. "How much will he owe back and when?"

Leo looked at Albert. "He will need to pay back twenty coppers by day after tomorrow."

"What?" Albert sputtered. "Twenty for fifteen is more than fair, but why do you need it back so soon?"

"Life is happier when you pay your debts off quickly, Albert. You've told me that whatever you’re planning will occur tomorrow afternoon or night."

Albert looked as if he wanted to deny the fact, but knew he couldn't. "Yeah."

"I'm asking for you to repay the loan quickly for your benefit. No one tells you this, but the truth of the matter is that the longer you have someone's money, the more you owe when you pay it back. You must have done this before. Others would charge you how much?"

"I have. Last time I borrowed fifteen copper the payback was twenty-three."

"Look how much money I'm saving you."

"If I can pay it back. There's a chance things won't work out and I will have zero money."

Leo reached over and slapped Albert's foot. "Don't talk like that. I'm sure you will succeed." He looked at Oak. "Give Albert the coin and let me know when he pays us back."

"What if I can't get the money as quick as you want it?"

Leo shrugged. "Do the best you can, Albert. If you have any problems, speak to Oak."

Albert stood and Oak walked away with him.



"Leo's nice," Oak growled. "I'm not. Pay that money back on time or I'll break something you need. You understand me?"

Albert nodded.





15

Leo placed his tribute on the table.

Lord Argon's eyes flicked toward the small stack of coins. He shook his head. "I am beginning to think that accepting your tribute is not worth my while."

Leo bowed his head and said nothing.

"Weeks have passed since the Keeper died. I expected retribution by now."

He looked up. The lord was looking at him expectantly. "Do you want me to respond to that?"

Argon chuckled and waved his hand toward the stack of tribute coins on the table. "In a few short months, you have gone from obscurity to offering two"—he leaned forward and squinted—"or is it three silver, as tribute each week."

"It is three."

Argon laughed. "You guessed at the Keeper's plan the same as I did, quicker than me. Your mind is sharp, boy. I would be a fool not to use an asset when it enters my hall each week."

Leo remained silent.

"Speak, lion. Tell me what you think is happening with the Keepers and why they do not attack as we predicted."

"They do not attack quickly because they are fat with power, my lord. They have been at the top of the food chain so long that they've forgotten how they ascended to it in the first place."

Argon poured wine into an extra goblet and placed it on the table. He motioned for Leo to sit and drink, which the boy did. Argon sat down at the table across from him and nodded before taking a drink himself. "Did I not say this boy is sharp, Lissandra?"

A voice spoke from the darkness behind the throne. "You did, my lord."

Leo turned and his eyes widened. A beautiful woman materialized from the shadows. The darkness seemed to pull and swirl like velvet fog around the edges of her black robes and bare feet. Her hair was deep black and long, enveloping her face like the night itself. Her eyes were large and almond-shaped, crystal blue and bright.

Leo couldn't help but stare at her. If I live a thousand years, I will never see a woman more beautiful.

She walked gracefully toward the table, her movements those of a courtesan dancer performing for an emperor. She sat beside Lord Argon and placed one hand on his head, stroking it like one would a pet dog. Argon did not appear upset by the attention. He seemed to savour it.

"You are right, Leo." Her voice had a musical quality to it. "We are certain that the Keepers will blame an alley lord for the murder. Yet they act like a dog who continually chases cats and then, when they finally catch one, are uncertain what to do with it."

"I agree." Leo said. "My guess is that there are different leaders within the Council of Law who wish to place the blame on different lords. It will take time for them to fight and decide who is ultimately the person to take the fall."

Argon nodded. "I think you are likely right."

"I asked this before," Leo asked, "but are you certain that you aren't one of the cats being considered?"

Lissandra laughed and reached out to touch Leo’s arm.

Her laughter is as beautiful as her body. His arm tingled where her bright red polished nails trailed.

"This one is delicious, Argon. You must have him here more often when I visit."

"He is too busy carving out a portion of the world for himself to spend time with you, Lissandra."

She grabbed Argon by the back of the head and pulled him close enough to kiss him on the cheek. "Like you when you were an ambitious young fighter in the Pits?"

"Perhaps." Argon's face conveyed amusement as he looked at Leo. "Let the boy do his thing. There will be plenty of time to spend with him should he survive the next few years and trials."

She nuzzled her head into Argon's neck, apparently satisfied with his answer.

"To answer your question, Leo," he said, "I am not one of those cats. I have worked very hard to gain enough attention without garnering so much as to be dangerous to the Council of Law." His eyes moved to the tribute pile. "You would do well to learn the same lesson."

Leo smiled and tipped his head. "Life teaches us, Lord, and I am a willing student."

Both Lissandra and Argon's heads snapped up in unison to look at him. "Where did you hear that phrase?" her voice no longer sounded friendly.

"Nowhere specific, but the thought has occurred to me from time to time."

"Don't lie to me about this." Argon’s tone was harsh.

"I'm not."

Despite being confused by their reaction to the phrase, Leo met the other man's gaze confidently until Argon nodded and his smile returned.

"My only involvement," Argon assured the young man, "will be to move in and gain control of whatever territory is destroyed. This has been promised."

Lissandra nodded.

"Then it appears we are all safe," Leo said.

"One must be cautious of appearances, Leo." Lissandra smiled. "Remember this warning as well."

Argon picked up the tribute coins and handed them to Lissandra. "On your next visit, bring your captains."

"Lord?"

"Mouse, Stick, and Oak. Bring them."

Leo bowed. "As you command."





16

Riley was bored.

Weeks of walking the beat had proven tedious and uneventful. By his standards, his last territory was better, more dangerous. He was young and in the best shape of his life, better-suited to rooting out evil in the kingdom and bringing criminals to justice. This community was filled with peaceful tradespeople with storefronts. Educated, skilled people with stable plans for their lives. Riley found himself wondering many times over the past few weeks if he had done something wrong to be sent here. As time went on, he was convinced that he had done something to displease the leadership of the Council.

He entered the coffeehouse and walked toward what had become his regular booth in one corner of the establishment. Coffeehouses were reserved for businesspeople who wanted to meet and the size of them reflected the professional population in the community. This one was very large and always full. As Keeper, Riley was welcomed everywhere but he did his best to remain inconspicuous by setting up in a corner booth out of the way from the rest. As he got closer he noticed that his booth was occupied by a familiar face.

"Riley!" A man dressed in the command uniform of the Keepers stood and drew Riley into a warm embrace.

Commander Bertrand Russell was among the highest-ranked leaders in the Keepers of Law. As a young man, he had worked his way up the ranks as a very successful Keeper, moving from one distressed territory to the next, always leaving them in better shape than when he had arrived. After years in the field, he had been promoted to the Council itself, a rare honour for a common born foot soldier. During one of his tours in a poor territory, he had saved a young boy from travelling down a path of crime and misery, eventually offering to personally sponsor the young man so that he could become a Keeper himself. That young man had been Riley, and the two were like father and son.

"Hello, my boy." Bertrand's smile was so large that his eyes almost disappeared. "It's good to see you. Tell me things are well in your new territory."

"They are."

"You're bored."

"Absolutely."

Bertrand laughed. "Good. After the last two tours you did, a little boredom is just the thing to recharge your soul."

"If that was why I was sent here, then I'm recharged and ready to return to somewhere more important."

"Ah, my boy." The older man patted Riley on the arm, then looked around for a server. He caught the eye of one pretty brunette girl and held up two fingers, mouthing 'coffee'. She smiled and nodded. Bertrand looked back at his protégé. "You have enough experience to know that appearances can sometimes be deceiving. The most pleasant house in the neighbourhood can hold more danger than the rest of them combined."

"That is true."

"History has been made in this part of the city, in this portion of the kingdom."

"You sent me here?"

"I did."

"I wish you had told me that sooner."

"I needed you alert and wary of everything, even other Keepers, should they appear. Have any of our brethren turned up?"

"No."

"Interesting."

"There are no leads on Hector's killers."

Bertrand started to speak, but the server arrived with coffee. "Thank you, my dear." He looked back at Riley. "This failure has come at an unfortunate time for the Council of Law. There are many who oppose us. They will use this incident to gain support against us."

"I don't know much about politics."

"I'm teaching you."

Riley knew his mentor well enough to know that the tone of his voice was strained. "This will affect you negatively?"

"It will affect us, my boy."

"Then I will search harder. I will find the murderers and bring them to Keeper justice."

Bertrand smiled and chuckled. "No, you misunderstand me. You aren't here to bring who did it to justice. You are here to make sure they are never found. We have determined who the guilty party is."

"You have?"

"Yes." Bertrand paused and took a sip of his drink. "Well, almost. The Keeper bureaucracy is painfully slow and filled with meetings upon meetings. Still, we are almost at consensus and the guilty alley lord will be selected from top candidates within the week."

"What do you mean‘selected’?"

"Think about it for a moment."

Riley drank and considered what he had heard. His eyes widened and Bertrand smiled. "You're going to assign the blame for this to a troublesome alley lord, use it as an excuse to remove them from their position."

"And install a lord of our choosing in his or her place. That's correct."

"Who is likely to take the fall?"

"You know him well. An alley lord named Triax."

"From my last territory. That's unfortunate. He is such a pleasant monster."

"I thought you would enjoy that."

Riley shook his head. "The world is a devious place. I much prefer the simplicity of protecting a territory."

"You are young. As you gain experience you will realize that it is better to protect many territories at the same time. That cannot be accomplished by walking the path as you do now. Your mind is sharp. I see a Council seat in your future." He saw Riley’s expression and laughed. "Don't worry. You will have many years to break heads and chase cutpurses before serving on the Council is an option."

"Good."

"Yes, good." Bertrand reached for the pastry in front of him and took a bite. "Now tell me about your progress so far. How developed is your street organization?"

"It is difficult to build a group of loyal informants when there is so little crime on the streets."

Bertrand laughed. "Up until now, you have done things the easy way. This is another reason that I wanted you sent to this territory. You have met the vendors and tradesmen?"

"Yes."

"They will be your network."

"Most are too busy working to be useful."

"They are useful in a different way. Don't forget, people are meddlesome and interfering by their root nature. The vendors have more information than a cutpurse. Also know that these people require softer methods. You must learn how to extract the information that they hold in a more subtle manner than you are used to."

"I must be more like a politician."

"Like a member of the Council, yes."

Riley frowned. "Their children as well."

"What do you mean?"

"Their children are bored and gossipy. I can learn much from them."

Bertrand smiled. "See? After only a few weeks you are beginning to adjust to your new situation perfectly."





17

Mouse had warned him that an attack would be coming.

Leo expected it. His fortune was growing as he built his business. In the few months since his chance meeting with the baker he had extended—and collected on—loans to a significant number of people, both inside the alley and out. His rates were lower than competitors, which was causing a stir. Leo knew that he was the smallest fish in the pond and it was no surprise when his friend warned that the bigger fish would soon try to eat him.

His captains made certain that he was never alone, with one exception: his visits to the baker.

Oak had asked why he still disappeared one night each week and Leo admitted that it was a valid question. He did not need the silver piece any longer. His wealth had grown well beyond that, but he felt a sense of obligation to the baker. Leo knew the truth of the arrangement; the baker's motive was selfish. He helped stray boys to feel better about himself. Regardless of the baker's true motive for helping, he had made an enormous impact on Leo's life and the boy was determined to keep visiting. At least for a few more weeks.

He had a good visit with the baker and left early the next morning to see Finley at the tannery, leaning his quarterstaff against the outer wall before entering the building. When he exited, it was gone.

No one appeared to pay attention to him as he walked through the trade district. When he stepped across the invisible border into the first layer of slums, three men appeared and began to follow him.

Leo turned a corner and slowed his pace, glancing at the windows and roof to see if anyone was visible. Then he turned and waited for the men to arrive.

"Just the three of you?" Leo asked as the first one turned the corner.

"Three is more than enough for you." The man pulled his cloak back and removed a heavy wooden club from his belt. The other two men appeared and pulled knives from sheaths.

Leo watched his attackers calmly as they spread out and came closer. "I see knives. Is this more than just a warning, then?"

"That depends on you." The lead man grinned to reveal brown teeth. "If you lie there and take it, we will just cut off a couple fingers. One if you're real good. The order was to leave you as a live example. But if you struggle, the knife might slip and . . ." He drew his finger across his neck.

Leo knelt on the ground and put his hands behind his back.

"Pathetic." The lead man spat on the ground. "Let's do our business then, boys."

Mouse, if you're up on the rooftop, now would be the time to help me.

One of the men kicked him in the ribs. He grunted and fell onto his side while the other kicked him hard in the leg.

"Stop," the lead man said. "Set him up and let's do his fingers first. Then we can beat his face a bit for good measure."

One man leaned down to pick him up. Leo kicked upward, connecting with the man's groin. There was a surprised grunt and gasp for air, then the man toppled to the ground.

"What the—"

Leo stood and reached behind his back, pulling out a three-foot length of linked chain. He let it dangle to the ground, holding one end in his hand and looking down to make sure the black rectangular weight on the other end swung freely. "I recognize all three of you," he said. "This is business, and I don't blame you for doing your jobs. Leave now and I will let the matter drop."

"That's not gonna happen, boy. Now we gotta kill you."

"Okay." Leo shrugged and swung the chain in an arc, guiding the weight so it came down on the prone man's head, crushing his skull like a ripe melon.

The other two men attacked, but Leo was fast. He spun around and swept the feet from one, sending him to the ground, then he flipped the chain out, making it twist around the throat of the lead man. Leo jerked and the leader's eyes bulged. There was a pop as his neck snapped.

Leo dropped the chain and moved to stand over the remaining survivor. The man raised his hands. "Please don't hurt me. I was just doing my job."

"You had your chance to leave." Leo held out his hand. "Give me your knife."

"What?"

"I've gotta cut a couple of your fingers off." Leo's voice was cold and flat. "If you struggle the knife might slip and . . ." He drew his finger across his throat and grinned.

The man began to cry as he handed Leo his knife.

A moment later, the first finger came off.



"By the gods." Stick's face paled as he watched Leo below. Raw screams filled the air.

"I told you he didn't need our help," Mouse said.

Stick looked at Mouse. "You were right. There's more to Leo than we know. What do we do about it?"

"Do? Be glad we are on the same side, that's what we do. And make sure we keep him alive." Mouse watched the scene below and grinned. "I have a feeling our young lion will do great things, and those at his side will rise with him."





18

During his morning patrol, Riley sensed someone was following him.

The streets were not busy—they never were in this territory—so once he sensed the eyes it was not difficult to locate them. He doubled back in an arc, coming up behind his stalker, who pretended to be interested in fruit at a vendor's stall.

"You're Alexander, the baker's boy, right?"

"Yes. Good morning, Keeper." Alexander turned the fruit over and brought it to his nose, sniffing it before replacing it on the pile. "I'm not very good at following people, I guess."

"You didn't do too badly. I have a lot of experience in much rougher territories. Not paying attention in the slums can get a Keeper killed pretty quickly."

"That makes sense. I was wondering if we could speak privately somewhere."

"This way." Riley led the young man to a nearby street that contained three vacant buildings. He stopped in front of the middle one and sat on the steps. "This will do."

"It will." Alexander sat beside the Keeper and reached into his pocket. He pulled out a cloth and unwrapped it, removing two dried sausages and offering one to Riley. "A shame about Hector."

Riley took a bite from his sausage and chewed. "You knew him?"

"What makes you say that?"

"The sound of his name sounds comfortable on your lips."

"Truly?"

Riley nodded.

"They say Keepers are taught magic when they are trained. Is that true?"

"Yes."

"Oh."

Riley took another bite of sausage. "Why did you know Hector?"

"He was kind to me."

"I knew the man. It's surprising to hear that Hector was kind to anyone."

"I'm not that good with people but Hector was always nice to me. Saved me from getting beat up a few times."

"It's good to know that the man wasn't as bad as most made him out to be." He was worse.

The two sat and finished their sausages. Riley waited, content to let Alexander say what he wanted when he was ready.

"I know who killed Hector."

Riley was unable to contain his surprise. "How do you know? Did you see it happen?"

"No."

That's a lie. "You have heard someone claiming responsibility, then?"

Alexander shook his head.

A flood of questions sprang to mind, but Riley took a deep breath and closed his eyes. "Tell me what you wanted to say."

"I'm afraid. Some of my information could get me into serious trouble." The boy frowned. "If the wrong person heard what I have to say. . ."

"You broke the law and want to make certain you aren't brought to task for it."

"How could you know that?"

"Keeper magic."

Alexander stood. "Never mind. I was wrong to say something." He began to walk away.

"Stop. Sit down and tell me what you know. I promise to do my best to protect you."

"You need to assure me that I won't be arrested."

Riley considered the situation and nodded. "Give me the killer and your crimes will be forgotten."

"Thank you."

"But you must tell me what you did."

The young man paused, then nodded. "I have to anyway. It's part of the story."

Riley pointed to the step beside him and Alexander returned to sit.

"My father brings in strays."

"Animals?"

"Worse. Street kids."

"For what purpose? To help around the shop?"

"No." Alexander made a hawking noise and spat on the sidewalk. "He picks one homeless person and offers them a bath and food once a week."

"Ah." Riley nodded. "Your father is a religious man who follows the Shepherd's teachings."

"Yes."

"Continue."

"It's not right. He brings these rats in and gives them food and money, too."

"More money than he gives you."

"Yes!" Alexander's face grew red and his eyes widened. "He hands the vermin a silver coin each week while I have to make do with less. It's unfair to be treated worse than an alley dweller by my own father."

Riley laid a hand on the young man's shoulder. "I agree."

Alexander bolted up and bit his lower lip. "Thank you."

"So the alley rat killed Hector?"

"Yes."

"I don't see how you could think that."

"Well—"

"A boy is fed and clothed and the sudden kindness makes him decide to kill a Keeper?"

"There's more to it than that."

Riley nodded. Of course there is.

"Hector beat the boy."

"Boy? How old is he?"

"Around the same age as me. Sixteen or so."

"Why would Hector beat him?"

"To make him leave the district."

"That makes no sense." Riley could tell from Alexander's body language that there was still more than he was admitting. "Ah. You put Hector up to it."

Alexander shook his head but then looked down at the ground and nodded.

The boy is a good actor. He almost seems to regret his involvement. The venom in his eyes a few moments ago was the real truth, though. Even now, this confession serves to get revenge better than Hector's beatings could.

"I just wanted Hector to slap him around a little bit. To make him scared to come back."

"So your father would give you the money."

"And the attention." He looked up and there were tears in his eyes. "He seems so happy when Leo comes to visit and so disappointed when he looks at me."

Riley gave the boy a moment before asking his next question. "How could a young man, this Leo, kill Hector? That Keeper was strong as a stone building. I can see how Leo might want to kill him, but I don't believe that a half-starved, weak alley rat could have beaten a full-grown strong Keeper like Hector to death in the streets and then escaped without being noticed."

"He had friends help him. Another alley rat, maybe a few years older than me. That one carried a quarterstaff and definitely knew how to use it."

"You saw it happen?"

Alexander's expression turned to worry. "I didn't mean to tell you that."

Of course you did, clever little actor that you are.

"Perhaps you put this Leo and his friend up to it."

"What?"

Riley bit the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing at the boy's reaction. "Okay, I believe you didn't do that. But if you saw it happen, I might need you to step forward and testify."

Alexander smiled. "I would, if you assure me that I won't have to share the part about my involvement."

Riley sucked his breath in and pretended to be unsure.

"Come on. You don't need to get me into trouble and you bring the killer to justice. Please, Keeper."

Riley stood and looked down at Alexander, keeping his expression serious. "I need to discuss this with my superiors. I will not tell them about you. Say nothing to anyone until we speak again."

"Okay."

"Swear that you will remain quiet."

"I swear."





19

Oak leaned against the wall across from the black building, absently picking grains from a stalk of wheat. "Why does he want to see us?"

"Who cares?" Stick sat on the ground, his quarterstaff resting on his knees as he carved a new pattern into the wood with fine movements of his knife.

"I do." Oak peeled the remaining grains from the stalk and stuck it into his mouth. "And why doesn't Mouse have to be here too?"

"He does." Leo leaned against the wall with his friends, eyes closed and face lifted to warm in the sun.

"Then where is he?"

"I'm here."

Oak looked to his left and swore while Leo and Stick chuckled. "Leo"—Oak glared at Mouse, who was kneeling a few feet away—"can we please tie a bell around his neck when we don't need him to be so gods-damned stealthy?"

"We can try, but something tells me the bell wouldn't ring, would it, Mouse?"

Mouse shrugged. "I would be willing to find out."

The door across from them screeched and the guard signalled them.

Leo pushed away from the wall. "Time for our meeting, gentlemen."

They entered the main hall and stopped in front of the large table. Lord Argon sat on his throne, and a man sat at the table watching them with a neutral expression on his face. Leo did not recognize him.



"Uh-oh," Stick mumbled from behind him.

Leo scowled at his friend and then turned toward the throne. "Good morning, Lord Argon." He bowed. "I have brought my friends, as you ordered."

"Good morning, Leo. I'm curious to see what your tribute has climbed to this week." Lord Argon motioned for the boy to put his coins on the table. When he did, Argon chuckled. "Business continues to grow."

"I am lucky."

"From what I hear, luck has nothing to do with it."

Leo could not stop himself from smiling. "Luck has everything to do with it."

"A joke you would like to share with me?"

The smile disappeared. "No, Lord."

Argon looked at the other boys, taking a moment to stare at each one before moving on to the next. "I know your captains by their growing reputations." His gaze lingered on Oak and the boy glared. "Good to see that you are doing well, Oak."

Oak nodded stiffly. "Father."

"What?" Leo frowned and turned to face his friend.

Lord Argon laughed. "I see that my son kept information from you."

"I didn't keep it secret." Oak shrugged. "It never came up. No one bothers to ask about parents in the alley."

Leo looked from his friend to the lord. They look so much alike. How could I have missed the similarities?

"Oak is not the only bastard of mine living in the streets, Leo. At the moment, he is one of the most promising, thanks to you. I assure you that having one of my children in your inner circle will not offer you any advantages with me."



"Will it be a disadvantage?" Leo asked.

"No." Lord Argon's gaze shifted to the other boys. "Stick and Mouse are also known to me. Some of the most skilled individuals in your age group have gathered under your banner, Leo."

"Did you summon us for a purpose, Lord or just to formally meet?" Mouse's gaze was trained on the man sitting at the table.

Lord Argon followed his line of sight and smiled. "I asked Leo to bring you because it is time to make an offer, and you should all hear it from me directly." He gestured and the man at the table stood. "Allow me to introduce Keeper Riley, Hector's replacement in the trade quarter."

Riley stepped forward and shook hands with Leo. "Hello, Leo. I have been hearing some interesting things about you. It's good to meet you."

"I'm sure you are mistaken, Keeper Riley. I have broken no laws."

"Who said anything about breaking laws? The few who recognize your name speak well of you."

"That is good to know."

"Oh, wait." Riley looked up as if remembering something new. "There is one person who doesn't like you very much." He paused and stared at Leo. Leo kept his expression blank.

"Someone claims that you killed Hector," Lord Argon said.

Leo laughed. "That's ridiculous."

"Don't be nervous, Leo," Riley said. "I'm not here on official business."

"Shouldn't you be?"

The Keeper shrugged and Lord Argon chuckled. "Over the years, I have worked to insert people loyal to me throughout the Council of Law, as well as other private and select organizations. Riley is one of us. He grew up in the alley and his efforts work to further our cause. We are fortunate that the accuser approached him and not someone else."

Leo nodded. "Who is claiming that I killed Hector?"

"The baker's boy."

Oak swore and Leo turned to face Mouse, who shook his head. "No one saw us, Leo. If the baker's boy is making an accusation it is a guess, at best."

Leo tilted his head and frowned. "It will be his word against mine. I would assume that they will side with him."

"It doesn't matter." Riley shrugged. "You will not be accused. The boy hates you, by the way."

"It's impossible to tell anything about him. He hasn't said a word to me." Leo’s eyes narrowed. "He told you about the baker's arrangement?"

Riley nodded.

"Why won't he accuse me? I think he wants to see me suffer."

"He does," Lord Argon said, "but we are about to extend an offer to him which will make it impossible for him to speak."

"What kind of offer?"

"We will discuss that later. The important thing is this: the Council of Law is now prepared to accuse alley Lord Triax of killing Hector." He smiled. "Which means that I will be increasing my power base by acquiring his territory when he is removed from it."

"Why are you telling me this?" Leo asked. "I am a small player, Lord. This has nothing to do with me."

"You have proven yourself in the few months since you first stepped into this room. The easiest way to execute the plan requires actions that I believe you are best-suited to perform. If you do well, Leo, you stand to profit and gain further standing in my court."

The better bet is that I will take a fall, Leo realized. He doesn't want to expose valuable assets when he can use someone new like me. I'm backed into a corner and there's nothing I can do. Except prosper from the opportunity. "I'm honoured for the chance, Lord Argon."

Argon watched Leo for a moment and then nodded. "Riley will contact you soon to arrange the specifics. Do not fail me in this, boys. You may go."



***



Oak kicked at a stone on the ground, sending it skittering ahead. "I don't like this, Leo."

Neither do I. "It will be fine."

"You know what he's doing, right?"

"Yes."

"If trouble happens, we will be on our own."

Leo stopped and the others did the same. "That is untrue. Since we first met and began to help each other, one thing is assured: we will never be alone."

"We will succeed," Stick said.

"Yes. We will."



***



Riley looked at Leo's tribute coins on the table. "He pays you the standard thirty percent?"

"Twenty."

Riley raised one eyebrow and glanced at Lord Argon. "Getting soft in your old age?"

Argon laughed. "The boy is different."

"You are fond of him."

Lord Argon shrugged.

"Why did you choose him for this, then? The odds are excellent that he will die."

"I chose him because I think he can succeed."

"It will be interesting to see if you are correct."

"In matters such as this, I usually am."

"That is true."

"There are many who said infiltrating the Keepers was impossible, and yet here you are."

Riley smiled and stood. "I must go." He bowed and walked toward the exit.

"It is good to have you close to me again. This is an important time. We will meet again soon."

Riley stopped at the door, looked over his shoulder, and grinned at Lord Argon. "I'm happy to be home again. I look forward to seeing you again soon, Father."





20

Alexander sat at his usual table in the local coffeehouse, sipping warmed chocolate and reading the news. He was supposed to be in the store helping his father wash the dirty baking sheets, but this had become his regular activity instead.

"I need to talk to you."

He recognized the voice and replied without looking up from his paper. "No."

Leo pulled out the chair across from Alexander and sat down. "Yes."

"You’ve been coming to my father’s house for a long time now."

"Almost a year."

Alexander shrugged, still looking at his paper. "An eternity in hell, if you ask me. I believe that more words have passed from my lips in this exchange than the entire time at the house."

"By a long measure."

"And in a moment, I will resume my silence." His eyes flicked up to meet Leo’s. "Now, leave me alone or I will have you thrown out."

Leo chuckled and pointed at Alexander’s cup. "You’re almost empty. Can I buy you another?"

"Hells no."

"Suit yourself." Leo signalled the waitress and ordered a coffee and an almond tart.

"Anything for you, Alex?" she asked.

"My appetite is ruined." He looked back at his paper.

Leo leaned back in his chair and watched Alexander while he waited for the coffee and pastry to arrive. When it did, he thanked the waitress by name and spooned sugar into his cup before taking a sip and nodding. "It appears that you and I are to be partners."

"You rave like a madman." Alexander flipped the page. "More evidence for the Keeper when I charge you with harassment."

"We will be speaking with the Keeper together, and very soon. I imagine they will separate us for some of the conversation, which is why I am here now. We need to discuss our story."

Alexander sighed and put the paper on the table. "What are you carrying on about?"

"Finally I have your attention. Excellent." Leo leaned forward and lowered his voice. "We are going to identify the man responsible for killing Hector."

"What?" Alexander didn’t know what to say. Yesterday afternoon, he had met with Riley. The Keeper had told him in no uncertain terms to keep his accusation about Leo to himself. When he had protested, the Keeper had become stern and warned him that bad things would happen if he were to come forward with the claim. "You want me to come forward and name the killer? With you?"

"That’s the plan. I will go first, and name you as a witness. Then you will meet with the Keeper and tell him the same story as mine."

"Story?" Alexander’s eyes widened. "You want to blame someone unjustly?"

"What do you mean?"

"I thought you were going to confess."

Leo barked a short laugh and shook his head. "Why would I admit to something that I did not do?"

Alexander stared at him.

"Well, isn’t that prime. You think I did it? I certainly hope you haven’t been spreading that kind of slander around."

Alexander pursed his lips and shook his head.

"Oh gods." Leo lowered his face into his palm. "You’re a horrible liar."

"I am excellent at it."

Leo looked up, the tone of his voice cold. "Then make certain you use the skill properly when we go to the Keeper or you’ll get yourself killed."

"I won’t be going with you to the Keeper, idiot."

‘Do you know the reward for information leading to the solving of this crime?"

"Everyone knows."

"Then what’s your problem? We work together and you get a portion of the reward."

"Portion?"

"Sixty gold coins."

"The reward is two hundred."

"Of which you will receive sixty."

"You are mad."

"Fine." Leo stood up. "You can have zero, then. This wasn’t my idea anyway, but now I can at least say I tried. It’s on you now." He pushed his chair in and started to stroll away.

"Wait."

Leo turned.

"Come back here."

Leo returned to the table, sat down, took another bite of tart, and looked at Alexander.

"I want more."

Leo shook his head. "You don’t like me. That is obvious."

"I had Hector lay the beatings on you."

Leo cocked his head and narrowed his eyes.

"He offered to do it for free when I asked him." Alexander smiled. "But I wanted to pay him. I wish he had killed you, like the one that used to come before you."

Leo smirked and then shrugged. "I will approach the Keeper first. I expect he will not believe me, and then I will say you witnessed the event as well. Expect him to speak with you soon after."

Alexander shook his head. "Didn’t you hear me?"

"Of course. Did you hear me?"

"You are insane."

"Listen, you had no choice when your father brought me to the bakery. Hiring Hector was an attempt at control over your destiny, but it failed. You want control over your life? I offer you a choice in this matter." Leo smiled and held up two fingers. "Do this and earn sixty gold. Refuse and die." He shrugged and popped the last bit of tart into his mouth. "When I entered this shop, I didn’t care either way. Now I hope you choose the second option."

Alexander shook his head and sighed. "I will need to think about this."

"Why does that not surprise me." Leo stood and slapped Alexander on the back. "That’s the main difference between us, I think. You take too much time to deliberate over simple decisions. Cooperate and live, or don’t." He shrugged. "That is the question before us. For me, the choice is easy. I’ll meet you here tomorrow. Same time, same table. If you agree, then you will show up and we move forward with the plan. If not"—Leo’s grin was chilling—"I’ll ask to kill you myself."

"I’m not sure I will be here tomorrow." Alexander tried to sound confident, but his voice shook.

Leo sauntered away, holding two fingers up in the air. "I hope you aren’t."





21

Riley walked the streets and alleys, circling back and forth in what, to an observer, would appear to be random patterns, but which allowed him to cross his route so that any followers would be discovered. After an hour of careful manoeuvring, the Keeper entered another narrow alley and approached the third door on the right. He rapped twice, paused for the space of two heartbeats, then rapped three times more. He turned the handle and entered the small single-room dwelling with a cooking fire against one wall and small couches against the other. Lord Argon smiled and stood to hug his son.

"It is good to see you again. Do you want something to eat?"

"Yes. Whatever it is smells delicious."

Argon moved to the fire and filled two wooden bowls with stew. The men sat down and began to eat.

"It is delicious."

"Cooked it myself. A recipe from a man I knew in the Pits. He was from a faraway land. The spices are very expensive to acquire."

They finished their stew and Argon poured two glasses of dark red ale. He took a long drink and wiped the back of his mouth with one hand. "The trial went perfectly, I am told."

"Yes. Your young lion was very convincing, as was the baker’s boy."

"The sentence was passed?"

"Death for Triax and his co-conspirators, to be carried out tomorrow."

"Is there danger that word will get back to him?"

"It is not likely. Only members of the Council and the two witnesses were present for the trial."

"Members who may report to Triax."

"Only one, and he is being watched closely. Bertrand will have him apprehended and executed before he can make it to Triax."

Argon nodded and leaned back. "I see the exits are all covered with Keeper guards anyway. Triax is not a stupid man. He will resist."

"Of course he will, for all the good it will do him."

"It will make my task easier once the Keepers have done their work."

"I won’t be able to assist with that, Father."

"I know. There is much you must avoid in order for our relationship to remain hidden to the Council of Law."

"It is a difficult thing to keep hidden at times."

Argon refilled his glass. "Be glad that Bertrand is there for support. Without his knowledge and protection it would be impossible to hide amongst the flock of sheep."

"Do you have others in the Keepers besides myself and Bertrand?"

Lord Argon frowned. "It would not be wise to tell you if I did."

"I know, but someone approached me the other day with the secret words. Man by the name of Cassius. He is a new Keeper."

"What did you do when he said the words?"

"Let them pass by as if I didn’t understand them."

"Good. I’m not aware of a man named Cassius."

"Shall I inform Bertrand?"

"Not yet." Argon gathered the bowls and carried them to a small counter. "I will investigate this man myself from the outside so that the two of you are not exposed."

"If he persists in bothering me, I will make him go away."

"That wouldn’t be wise at the moment, son. One dead Keeper in this area is quite enough attention for now. If another dies, there is no telling how angry the Council of Law will become. No sense in kicking the hornet’s nest when it is ready to go back to a peaceful slumber." Argon returned to his seat. "I will find out what I can and, if he continues to bother you, I will instruct Bertrand to send him to a faraway territory."

"How is it possible someone knows the words?"

"I don’t know, but it is time to change them." Argon leaned back and rested his arm on the couch. "Is there anything you need for yourself?"

Riley shook his head. "Life is simple for me at the moment and the Keepers pay their men and women well."

"Good. Are there any women in your life?"

"Nothing long-term."

Argon nodded and stood. Riley did the same and the two men embraced.

"The Keepers will move in to take Triax at sundown tomorrow."

"Good. We will be ready to move in as soon as they leave."

"Be safe tomorrow, Father, and congratulations on your new acquisition."

"Thank you, Riley. Your contributions help the family to prosper. Hunt well."

"Hunt well, Father."





22

Bertrand marched toward the mouth of the alley with twenty armed guards at his back and the unit lieutenant at his right side. The setting sun caused the shadow of his robes to billow on the ground in front of him as he walked.

Bertrand came to a stop at the alley edge, his face barely visible beneath the soft, blood-red leather of his full-length robe. A Keeper stationed to guard the exit saluted Bertrand, holding it until the older man returned the gesture.

"Any activity to report?"

"None on this front, sir." The younger man half turned to look into the growing shadows of the alley. "There were a few attempts to escape on other streets, but nothing here."

Bertrand nodded to his lieutenant who raised one hand and the guards moved to form a semi-circle around the Councilman. Each guard was dressed in grey chain mail with a longsword strapped to his back and peeking over one shoulder, as well as a sixteen-inch-long blade hanging from each hip. Bertrand inspected the men and nodded, touching the hilts of the same knives on his hips. He had served in one of these elite units when he was younger. The short blades would be the weapons of choice in the close quarters they were about to enter, and the guards were efficient killing machines with them. Bertrand’s eyes looked past his men to watch as ten more units approached.

"Lieutenant."

"Yes, sir."

Bertrand nodded at the lieutenant, his most loyal soldier for more than a decade. "Your unit will enter the alley in front of me. Two more will follow behind. You will command the military operations, should the need arise."

The lieutenant saluted. "Yes, sir."

The remaining units approached and stopped in formation. Bertrand gave the command and they advanced to find Triax.

They moved through the alley, stopping at each doorway and sweeping every building to ensure no danger was present. It took them an hour to make their way to Triax’s headquarters. Small bands of ragged men, no doubt belonging to Triax, ran at the units seven times during the advance. The Soldiers of Law were the best-trained soldiers in the country, and brushed the attacks aside without a single casualty.

When they reached the small black building at the end of the alley, the units gathered in formation again.

"My unit will secure the interior." Bertrand stepped forward, pushing the red leather robe back at the hips and drawing his long knives, reversing the grips so that the jewelled hilts faced up and the blades pointed backward.

He stopped at the entrance and raised his right hand in front of his face, mumbling a few strange words. A spider-like pattern of glowing gold appeared on the wooden door. He nodded and twisted his hand, making a counter-clockwise motion as he made two guttural sounds. The golden web faded like mist. Bertrand closed his eyes and placed a palm very close to the door, moving it up and then down before opening his eyes and reaching to touch the handle. It opened without incident and he entered the darkness.

A few steps inside, Bertrand sensed motion. He leaned back and knew that a blade had passed through the space where his head had been a second ago. With one smooth sideways stab, he thrust right at chest height, grinning as he felt his blade slide into flesh.

"For the Light!" He closed his eyes, knowing his men would do the same. Then he spoke a single word of magic and a blinding flash of light banished the darkness. Screams filled the building as the enemy was blinded.

Bertrand opened his eyes. A dim glow of light—residue from the magic he had cast—filled the rooms. Alley rats and thugs were scattered throughout, all rubbing their eyes. Bertrand waved one dagger and his men moved in.

In minutes, the enemy were subdued.

Bertrand moved to the main hall. The lieutenant instructed men to light the torches while Bertrand sat on the main chair raised above the rest. "Have you found, Triax, Lieutenant?"

"Yes, sir."

"Bring him forward."

A man was dragged into the centre of the room and forced to his knees. He was of average height and weight with shaggy brown hair and a thin mustache and goatee. He was dressed in black leather pants and jerkin, the sleeves cut off to reveal muscled arms which were covered from shoulder to fingertips with black tattoos. He glared up at Bertrand, one of his eyes swollen shut from a blow to the head.

"Triax." Bertrand’s tone deepened, making his delivery of the words sound formal. "You have been accused and found guilty of killing a Keeper of the Law. The penalty for this crime is death."

"I didn’t do it." Triax spat onto the ground.

Bertrand shook his head. "I do not need to hear from you, Triax. Your trial was already convened."

Triax laughed and glared at the Councilman. "You will miss me when I am gone. This territory will go to hell without me. You just wait and see."

"How foolish to believe this world will miss any of us when we are gone." Bertrand nodded and the lieutenant moved to stand behind Triax.

At a signal from his commander, the lieutenant drew his longsword and, with one smooth motion, beheaded the alley lord.

"Justice is served." Bertrand smiled.





23

Lord Argon, five captains, and Leo and his group stood on a rooftop and watched Bertrand exit the alley. Argon held out one hand and Lissandra emerged from the darkness, drifting forward and stopping beside him to rest her hand on his. "All is ready, my wolf."

Argon smiled and tilted his head at one of the captains, who lowered a large sack to the gravel surface of the roof and opened it to reveal the contents. The sack was filled with hundreds of identical small, tear shaped clay pots, each one three inches at the widest part with silver and black runes painted onto their surface.

"Are you certain this is how you want it done?" The mock concern in Lissandra’s voice did not match the hungry grin on her face.

"Want has nothing to do with it. This is how it must be." Argon turned and looked at those assembled. "The people below us are of another alley and therefore loyal to other families."

Everyone nodded.

"Even one child can grow into a powerful enemy." Argon pointed at Leo. "Look what one of our own has become. This is the way of the alleys. When a lord falls, his protection disappears and those beneath him are lost."

"This is the way of the alleys," the others replied.

Argon pointed at the small pots. "I do not enjoy cutting children down. Lissandra has provided us with a different way to do what must be done." He looked at his men and stroked his beard. "It is not pretty."

"There is no pleasant way to accomplish the task before us, Lord," one of the captains said.

"Just so." Argon nodded. "Give the signal and let’s be about our business."

Leo looked towards the alley exit on the ground below and saw men—Argon’s men—pushing boards and large wheels into place to block them. Triax was freshly dead and word would soon spread throughout his territory. In less than an hour, the majority of alley dwellers would be leaving or preparing to defend themselves from an attack that would come from some neighbouring alley lord or another. Argon had been favoured in this matter and the advantage of surprise was his alone.

One of the captains removed a small tube and lit a black fuse attached to its base which cracked and sizzled as he held the tube aloft. The fuse burned down and made contact with the flash powder.

A burst of white light flew skywards and exploded, causing a sparkling shower of white and silver to light the area below. A moment later, the rooftops around them burst with the same display of lights.

Argon nodded and everyone moved to grab clay pots from the sack. "Not so many that you drop one," Lissandra warned. "Come back for more instead of trying to carry too many at once."

Leo grabbed five of the small pots. They were warm to the touch. He walked to the side of the roof and joined the others as they began to throw the small pots into the alley below. The clay broke with tiny cracking noises followed by a hiss. People on the ground began to scream and cough as the gas surrounded them.

"Get more quickly," Lissandra hissed. "Don’t dawdle until they are all thrown."

It took less than five minutes for them to throw all of the pots to the ground. One captain took a dozen and dropped them into the chimneys so that they broke inside the building below.

Leo and his friends threw the last of the pots and remained at the edge to watch. Brownish orange mist floated in the corridors. The screaming had stopped almost as abruptly as it had begun before they were finished throwing the pots. The only sound they could hear was the ominous hissing.

Lord Argon came to stand beside Leo. "This is the unpleasant part of leading, Leo."

"But necessary."

Argon looked at the boy and raised one eyebrow at what he saw. "You do not appear overly upset."

"Mouse tells me that Triax was attempting to overthrow you, Lord. If he had been successful, it would be my body in the streets below. I prefer this."

"Indeed." Lissandra appeared between the two of them and put one hand on each man’s arm. "It is done, my wolf."

"The strength of your magic pales only in comparison to your beauty, fair lady. No one could have escaped?"

Her laughter was soft and sultry. "No."

"When will it be safe to enter the alleys?"

"By morning’s light."

Argon looked at one of his captains. "Guard the exits just to make certain no one escapes."

The captain nodded.

Argon smiled. "Then let us go celebrate our expanded territory."





24

Leo placed the coins on the table and, instead of stepping back as usual, he remained close to the money.

Argon laughed and rose from his throne. He sat down at the end of the table near the stack of coins and motioned for Leo to sit across from him. "Do you know the day of your birth?"

"I do not, Lord."

Argon pointed to the coins. "I see two stacks before me." He tapped the forty gold coins—Argon’s percentage of the reward given by the Keepers—and then he straightened the smaller pile of silver coins.

"I would like to propose a business partnership using the larger one, Lord."

"I am listening."

Leo reached forward and pushed the gold coins closer to Lord Argon. "I imagine that these will be thrown onto one of your piles of treasure in some secret and protected room, barely making a sound as they join their brothers and sisters in a vast sea of gold."

Argon tilted his head back and laughed. "I did not take you for a poet, little lion, but yes, your description is accurate. Although this stack of gold is more than most will see in a lifetime, it is a tiny sum to me. You want to keep them and put them to better use?"

"I do. I will keep it in circulation, putting it to work so that it may grow and multiply many times before it returns to you."

Lord Argon reached down and drew an ornate black dagger from his boot. He placed it on the table in front of Leo. "We are of similar ilk, you and I. Many call me the dark wolf, and it has been clear since the first day I lay eyes on you that you are a lion."

Leo smiled.

"Predators often get bored of eating sheep and look to challenge each other when living too close together." Lord Argon’s eyes narrowed and he raised his chin. "Predators in my ranks present a unique challenge, Leo. Their presence is necessary for me to expand and prosper, but their aggressive tendencies also tend to result in trouble. When I groom young ones, I must watch for the moment when they will challenge my authority. There inevitably comes a time when I must eliminate those whom I have so carefully cultivated in order to remain lord."

"That makes sense."

"You seem different to me, however. I do not sense that you will challenge me. I find that both intriguing and disturbing at the same time."

"Perhaps that is because I do not covet your position, Lord."

"Why not?"

"Please do not take my answer as disrespectful."

"I will do my best."

Leo paused, searching for the words. Finding none, he shrugged and spoke simply. "I believe that destiny has more in store for me than to be an alley lord."

Lord Argon weighed the boy’s words and then nodded. "Perhaps that will be the case, young lion." He pushed the dagger forward. "Nevertheless, the time has arrived. I require a blood bond if you would stay and grow your fortune with me."

Leo did not pause to consider. He reached for the dagger and drew the edge across his palm. Bright red blood began to flow and he closed his hand, holding it up in front of him. Drops hit the table as his eyes met Argon’s. "Tell me your words and I will bind them to me."

Lord Argon extended his palm so that it lay beneath Leo’s fist and he said the oath. Leo repeated the words as his blood dripped onto Argon’s palm. When the oath was spoken, Argon nodded and licked the blood from his hand.

"Today is the date of your birth, Leo. We are bound in blood and tied by intention until I release you."

Leo stood from the table and knelt in front of the man. Argon tore a strip of cloth from his shirt and held it out to Leo, placing one hand on the young man’s head to complete the ceremony. Leo looked up and accepted the strip of cloth. He resumed his seat at the table and wrapped the fabric around his palm.

Lord Argon slid the stack of gold coins toward Leo. "Now tell me how you plan to put this gold to work for us."





25

"Good morning, Leo."

"Good morning, Syntha." Leo smiled and strolled towards the back of the coffeehouse. "Two warmed chocolates, if you please."

"I’ll bring them to you when they are ready."

Leo approached Alexander, who sat at a table in the middle of the room. He rapped his knuckle against the hard tabletop. "Join me in the back, Alex." Without stopping, he moved to the booth in the back corner and sat so that he was able to see the entire room. Leo drummed the fingers of one hand on the table and wondered which would appear first: Alexander or the chocolate drinks.

Five minutes later, the beautiful, black-haired woman placed two mugs on the table.

"Thank you, Syntha, they smell delicious."

"You’re welcome, Leo." Her bright blue eyes sparkled above her perfect smile. "Made these two for you myself."

"You’re too kind."

Syntha laughed, which pleased Leo. As his fortune had increased over the months, the coffeehouse had become the best place for him to meet others. It hadn’t taken long for him to become enamoured with this stunning young woman who, at just two years older than him, had managed to start this business and turn it into one of the busiest coffeehouses in the entire city.

Behind Syntha, Alexander stood and began to make his way toward Leo.

"I have a little business to conduct with the ever-cheerful baker’s boy, but when he leaves I would like to discuss something with you, if you can spare the time."

Her smile widened and she nodded. "Of course. I will stop by your booth when Alexander leaves." She turned and walked away, saying something to Alexander that made him grin and turn his head to watch her as she passed.

"A beautiful day." Leo smiled and straightened in his seat.

"It is if you have my gold." Alexander’s smile melted into a scowl as he sat.

Leo nodded at the second cup of warmed chocolate. "That one’s for you."

"I won’t drink with you." Alexander sneered. "Give me what is owed so that I may be done with you."

Leo grinned and reached into his shirt pocket. He removed a piece of paper and pushed it forward.

"What is that?"

"Read it."

Alexander made a disgusted sound and read the note. "A message signed by Doctor Johnston saying that this paper is worth sixty gold coins, payable to me." He dropped it onto the table and shook his head. "Why in all the hells would you give my gold to Doctor Johnston?"

"I’m developing a new system."

"A stupid system."

"It’s actually very intelligent."

"I don’t want to hear about it," Alexander snapped. "Just give me my gold."

Leo laughed and pointed at the note. "Take that to Doc Johnston and he will give you the coins."

"If he is still there. He’s probably taken the gold and left the city."

"Is that what you intend to do?"

"None of your business."

Leo shrugged. "Fine. Take the note to him. He will be there, and so will your coin."

Alexander snatched the note from the table, tucked it into his pocket, and stood. "It had better be."

"You are a very rich man now." Leo stood also. "I will be interested to see what you do with it."

Alexander laughed and then spat on the wooden floor at Leo’s feet. "For some reason, you get twice as much as I do and deserve none. I am leaving this city, but I look forward to the day when I hear you’ve lost everything and are back in the alleys, where you belong." He turned and stalked out of the coffeehouse.

Leo chuckled and shook his head, sitting down to finish his first cup of chocolate, then pulling the second toward him.

A few minutes later, Syntha returned to his booth, smiling as she sat. "A cheerful lad, that one. I’m surprised that the two of you are friends."

"He’s not my friend, and I suspect we will see a lot less of Alexander from now on."

"Oh?"

Leo shrugged. "A hunch."

"That’s a shame. He’s grumpy, but the man did drink a lot of expensive chocolate." Syntha sighed and her smile returned. "So what is it you wanted to speak with me about?"

"I wondered if you might be interested in taking on a business partner?"

"Really?"

"I admire what you have done with this place and would like an opportunity to buy in."

"I’ve had offers to sell, but never to partner." She leaned forward. "Wouldn’t you rather buy it outright?"

Leo laughed. "Hells no. Part of the secret of your success, in my opinion, is you and your girls. I would be a fool to buy this and lose you as proprietor."

"Well, that’s a refreshing perspective." She winked at him. "I don’t think it’s accurate, but thank you for the compliment."

"We both know that it’s very accurate."

"Maybe. What kind of partnership did you have in mind?"

"I would like to buy into this location and help you open another."

"Where?"

"The Port district." Triax’s old territory and Lord Argon’s new one.

"There are many wealthy traders who frequent that district." Syntha tapped one finger against her lip. "Which means that well-established coffeehouses already exist there. It would be a challenge to compete with them."

"How much would it cost us to open a house of this size over there?"

"It would be too expensive." Syntha shook her head. "Off the top of my head, I would guess at least ten gold to do it properly."

Leo grinned. "I have forty gold at my disposal."

"You shouldn’t have told me that, Leo."

"You are trustworthy."

"I like to think so."

"I will put up ten gold for the new coffeehouse and would also like to invest twenty gold into this one. How much ownership would that buy of this location?"

"I know for a fact that I could get eighty gold for this place if I wanted to sell."

Leo nodded.

"I don’t need investors."

"I must make that a condition of partnership in the new coffeehouse."

Syntha shook her head. "Who said I want to start a new coffeehouse anyway? I am doing fine with what I have."

"Would you like to start a new house in the Port district?"

She laughed and nodded. "Now that you bring it up, it does sound like fun."

"Shall we work out a deal then?"

Syntha paused and reached for his cup of chocolate. She took a drink and looked at Leo for a moment before nodding. "Yes. I think we should work out a deal."





26

It was close to midnight when Leo approached the back door of the baker’s house and knocked. After a few minutes, the door opened and the baker smiled. "Leo, you’ve returned. Come in, come in."

"Thank you, sir."

Once he was inside, the baker grabbed him by the shoulders. "Let’s have a good look at you." He turned Leo around. "You look strong and healthy, and your clothes are a vast improvement from the day I first set eyes on you, aren’t they?"

Leo grinned. "Yes, sir. Thank you."

"Are you hungry?" The baker glanced at the empty stove. "It’s been months since you were here last. I can make something if you’re hungry."

"Thank you but I am fine."

"Let me get you a pastry at least. Sit down. I will be right back."

Leo sat at the table and the baker returned with two sweet treats. He set them on plates and placed them on the table. Then he sat down across from Leo. "When you stopped showing up I was afraid some harm had come to you. Then my boy—" He paused and tears welled up in his eyes. "Well, after the trouble with the dead Keeper and Alexander’s testimony, he no longer felt safe and struck out on his own. It’s been months since I’ve heard anything. I don’t even know where he went."

Leo nodded. He knew where Alexander was, but remained silent.

"Look at you." The baker reached out to grip his shoulder. "It looks like you put the silver to good use. I knew right away that you were a clever lad. I am so very proud of you, Leo."

"I am most grateful to you, sir."

"Please call me Noah."

"That doesn’t seem proper."

"Nonsense. Perhaps it wasn’t right for a filthy street boy to do so, but that boy no longer exists. You have become a fine young gentleman and I would be honoured if we addressed each other by name."

"Thank you, Noah."

The baker nodded. "So what can I do for you, lad?" He frowned and then leaned forward. "Did I speak too soon? Are you once more down on your luck and need my help?"

"No."

"Oh good." He smiled but his shoulders slumped.

"I came to thank you for all of your help."

"No thanks are needed."

"It is. Fortune smiled on me when you found me in that alley. I have used the help you provided and turned the silver into gold."

"Truly?"

Leo nodded.

"Good for you."

Leo withdrew a small sack and lay it on the table. "I would like to repay you, with a bit extra for good measure."

The baker sat back and raised his hands. "Absolutely not."

"But—"

"No." He shook his head and the tone in his voice became harsh. "I did not help you for money."

"I understand that but—"

"Listen to me very carefully." His voice softened and he lay one hand on top of Leo’s. "You don’t understand."

"I did not mean to offend you."

"You haven’t, but the point of what I did was to give with no expectations of getting back. Most will never understand this, but there is magic in that type of act, Leo. Powerful magic. For you to pay me anything would cancel the effects, both to myself and, over time, to you."

"Interesting."

"It is a secret I learned a long time ago." He raised his hands to indicate the house. "I was a poor boy on the streets as well until someone did for me what I now do for others. It does not always work, but every once in a while"—he pointed at Leo—"it does."

Leo considered the baker’s words. "I am not like you, Noah. I cannot help others selflessly."

"Of course you can."

Leo shook his head. "I will not."

The baker’s smile softened and after a moment, he shrugged. "Your fate is your own, Leo. I cannot change that, nor would I want to. I am simply pleased that you are better off because of our time together."

Leo retrieved the money from the table and put it in his pocket. "I am definitely in a better place, Noah."

"Good." Both men stood and embraced.

"I wish all the best for you, Leo."

"I wish the same for you, Noah."





27

Leo, Stick, Mouse, and Oak—Lord Argon had taken to calling them Leo and his pride—stood on an empty rooftop above the new territory. Weeks had passed since Triax had been executed and the alley swept. Bodies of the dead had been removed by crews specially suited to the task and, like a forest after the fire, life was starting to return to the alley.

Society was demanding and harsh. Every day people who were once something became less and needed a place to either lick their wounds and regroup, or a relatively safe place from which to begin a new life.

The alleys were much more than a haven for the downtrodden; they were a place filled with opportunity for the right type of person. Drugs, whores, thieves, slaving, Pit recruitment, and many other dark industries were fed a constant stream of human resources emanating from the alleys and their denizens. As new souls appeared, the professionals circled them like hunters stalking innocent prey.

"Lord Argon has given me his blessing to work in the new territory." Leo held up a small brown scroll, which was rolled tightly and wrapped with a thin golden cord.

"You mean writ." Stick dangled one leg over the roof’s edge, letting it swing as he used his knife to strip the bottom portion of bark from a piece of fresh iron wood which, Leo knew from experience, would become a new quarterstaff.

"No. I mean blessing."

Stick’s hands stopped working as he looked at Leo and raised both eyebrows. "Lord’s blessings are rare. You are very fortunate to have been granted such a thing."

"We are very fortunate." Leo held the scroll above his head as Oak stepped forward to hug him.

"I can’t believe it!" Oak laughed as he lifted his friend off the ground and hugged him. "You know what this means, don’t you?"

"More responsibility and expectations added to our lives." Leo returned the embrace and then tapped Oak on the shoulder and squirmed out of the hold. He stepped back and raised a hand for calm. Mouse smiled and shook his head while Oak nodded and moved to look over the edge of the roof once more.

"Leo is right," Mouse said. "With a blessing, Lord Argon will expect more tribute."

"That’s why we are gathered." Leo tucked the scroll into his vest. "It is time to get serious about building something profitable."

Mouse laughed. "You have generated more profit in a few months than most do over their entire lives, Leo. How much do you want to earn?"

"When I say profitable, I don’t mean gold or silver, Mouse. Money has no value."

"If that’s the case then I will have yours, brother." Stick ran a dry cloth over the freshly exposed wood and held it up to inspect the surface.

Leo removed a gold coin from his pocket and twirled it along his fingers with practiced ease. "Currency is a tally system to let others know how you rank compared to the rest. It could as easily be sheets of paper traded for goods and services as coin. The object does not matter; it is what the object represents."

"Paper instead of gold." Oak snorted and shook his head. "Some of your ideas are truly amusing."

Leo tapped his breast pocket. "The scroll of blessing is an excellent example."

"He’s right." Mouse picked the scrap bark from the ground where Stick had tossed it and began to rip off small pieces.

"Our profit, the goal for our lifetime of effort, must be to gain influence and power. The money will tell us how we are doing, but it is the land and titles that matter."

"And the control."

"Yes, Mouse. Control is the endgame."

"Titles?" Oak’s eyes followed a cloaked woman as she moved through the alley below. "You wish to be an alley lord, Leo?"

"No, but I do expect that you will be."

Oak looked up and frowned. "He may be my father, but he has more sons out there. Some will have their ambition set on succeeding him."

"Ambition is one thing, success is another. I expect you will be alley lord when the time is right."

"With our help, it should be attainable." Mouse nodded.

"I never seriously considered it."

"It’s part of my plan."

Stick looked up from his carving. "What else is part of your plan, Leo?"

Leo shrugged. "For the moment, it is to determine how we are all best put to use with the skills we have."

"You lend the money, Oak provides the motivation for people to pay you back." Stick brushed the shavings from his lap. "Mouse gathers the secrets and information, and I . . ." He cocked his head. "What is it that I do?"

Mouse made a clucking sound with his tongue. "You pretend to do nothing, but are able to do everything."

"That is a kind thing to say, Mouse. Thank you."

"It’s the truth."

"All of you understand the power of loyalty." Leo said. "I want you to keep your eyes open for others who can be trusted."

"No one can be trusted."

"Everyone can be trusted with the correct motivation." Leo knelt and traced a series of circles into the loose gravel. First a small circle, then another surrounding it, and another around that. "We are the inner circle. It is time to expand and build more around us."

"The further out the circle, the less like us they are," Stick said.

"Yes, but all circles will be united by a strong force."

"What force is that?"

"Desire for power."

"You envision a long game, Leo."

Leo drew a long line in the dirt. "A very long game indeed, Mouse."





28

Doctor Johnston entered the coffeehouse and was bombarded with shouts of greeting and invitations to sit. He grinned and stopped at each table, inquiring about the health of recently sick family members and making general small talk with the affluent patrons who were also his patients. He sauntered to the back booth and waited for Leo to stand before hugging him.

"Happy birthday, my boy." He clapped the young man on the back and sat. "I can’t believe how time seems to fly by. It feels like just a moment ago when I first set eyes on that sixteen-year-old unconscious boy brought into my office, and now look at you. Nineteen years old and much better off, I am thinking."

"The time has passed quickly, Doc." Leo rubbed at the light blond beard on his jaw. "I didn’t think you would remember."

"An excellent memory makes for a superior doctor."

"True." Leo looked past the doc and smiled. A moment later, Syntha appeared, sliding into the booth beside Leo. She put her arm around him and leaned in to kiss him on the cheek. The doctor raised one eyebrow and nodded. Leo saw the look and laughed.

"Morning, Doc," she said. "What can I bring you to drink?"

"Coffee would be perfect."

Syntha stood and grinned at Leo. "I’m bringing you another coffee too, partner."

"No thanks, sweetness."

"Another one won’t hurt. Besides." Her eyes sparkled. "I want you wide awake tonight when I give you your birthday present."

Doc Johnston chuckled and Leo blushed. "Okay. No sugar though."

"In the coffee or tonight?" She winked.

"In the coffee." He grinned. "I will take all the sugar tonight you are willing to give."

Syntha kissed him and walked away.

"How long have the two of you been together?" Doc asked.

"Couple months now."

"I should visit you here more often. It’s good to see you this way, Leo."

"What way?"

"Relaxing."

"Life is balance, Doc. I do my best to get the ratio of play to work as perfect as possible."

"You have always displayed wisdom beyond your years in such matters."

"I shall take that as a compliment."

"That is how it was intended."

Leo grinned. "Thank you. I hope you didn’t bring any gifts."

"It is unlucky not to give presents, Leo. I know you were clear on this, but the danger is to me if I do not present a gift to one of my favourite people on their birthday." He reached into his pocket and withdrew a small bag.

"I’m surprised to hear that you are a superstitious man, Doc."

"I am when it serves me. Now open your present."

Leo opened the bag and slid the contents onto his hand. It was a fountain pen made from a dark, black, shiny material, with a clip of gold. He opened the lid and inspected the tip, which was also gold. "This is beautiful, Doc."

"It is made from lion’s mane."

"Incredible." Leo hefted the pen. "It’s extremely light."

"Layers of lion’s mane specially layered, lacquered, and then formed into a cylinder. There is no other pen like it in the world."

Leo replaced the cap and lay the pen on top of the empty felt bag. "I can’t thank you enough for such a thoughtful gift."

"Something to remember me by."

"I will treasure it always."

"There is a glass tube inside that holds a reservoir of ink so that you need not dip the pen continually to write."

"Truly?"

The doctor nodded and extended his hand. Leo handed him the pen and the doctor unscrewed the bottom to reveal the interior. "Such things do not exist here, but I met a man from a faraway land once who possessed such an instrument. I remembered the concept and had a local designer create it."

"I expect this will become popular very soon."

"I agree. But yours was the first."

Syntha brought the drinks.

"Sit with us for a bit?" the doctor asked.

"I would love to, but the girls need my help. I’ll sit down and visit next time you come in."

"I shall hold you to that promise, young lady."

She smiled and moved to the next table.

"How is business, Leo?"

"I am very fortunate. Business is good."

"Word on the streets is that you will more active in Lord Argon’s court."

"I hope not."

"Why? You are beloved of the alley, are you not?"

Leo set his coffee down and laughed. "I wouldn’t say that. True, many in the alleys have borrowed from me and prospered as a result, but that doesn’t mean that they love me."

"Lord Argon’s alleys are the most prosperous in the city, lad. Everyone knows that you have had a major hand in it."

"Lord Argon is the one responsible. He feeds his people and protects them. He searches for those with talent and helps them to develop their particular skills."

"He did none of this before you came along."

Leo nodded and sipped his coffee.

"There is another rumour circulating that he will soon take control of a third territory."

"I have not heard that."

"I don’t believe you."

Leo smiled.

The two drank the rest of their coffee and made polite small talk. When his drink was finished, they stood and hugged.

"I will let you get back to your day, Leo. Happy birthday."

"Thanks, Doc. And thank you for the pen. I love it."

"Come see me soon. I would discuss a little business."

Leo pointed to the booth. "Let’s do so now."

"No, no. There is nothing important. It can wait."

"You know me. I hate to wait."

"Then come see me tomorrow."

Leo laughed. "Tell me that it is nothing serious and I will agree."

"I promise, it is nothing serious. Enjoy your evening with Syntha."

"I will."





29

"You are in danger."

Leo cut a large piece of steak, sawing with his knife and lifting it to his mouth. He sighed and closed his eyes as he chewed. "No one else can cook a steak like the cook in this restaurant."

"I know you heard me." Mouse lifted a green vegetable from his plate and bit the end off.

"Life is dangerous." Leo shrugged and took another bite.

"You’ve climbed the ranks fast, even by alley standards."

"I hold no rank."

"Officially, no, but the name Leo Wrathson has become well-known."

"People speak well of me, both to my face and behind my back."

"That is a second problem, and one that does not help with the first."

Leo speared a small white potato with his fork. "People say good things and that is bad?"

"It makes others resent you."

Leo finished the food in his mouth, took a drink of red wine, and wiped his lips with a napkin. "Who resents me?"

"None and all. You appear to covet no one’s position or wealth, yet you are building a large amount of money and influence on your own. You are bound to none."

"I belong to Lord Argon."

"No one believes that. You do not sit on his court or conduct business in his name."

"So?"

"You move freely in both the alleys and on the main streets."

"That is correct."

"It is not correct. No one else is able to live in both worlds, to conduct business in the shadows and the light." Mouse leaned forward. "I know what you are doing from as much as you tell me and what I can piece together, Leo, but to the average person, you are a mystery. A dangerous one."

Leo waved one hand. "The average person does not spend a moment thinking of me."

"You know who I mean."

"Powerful people."

Mouse nodded.

Leo pushed the plate away and dropped the napkin on the half-finished meal, nodding as the waiter appeared to remove it. "I don’t care what anyone thinks of me. I’m busy. If someone is stupid enough to attack me then I will either defend myself or they will kill me."

Mouse chuckled. "Stick says it would take a small army to best you in combat."

Leo smirked.

"It’s not you that I’m worried about. It is those around you."

The sparkle in Leo’s eyes disappeared and his lips pursed. "Syntha."

"That’s right. The best way to hurt you is to attack her."

"She is safe as well."

Mouse nodded.

"She is safe, right, Mouse?"

The attendant brought coffee. Leo spooned sugar into it and watched the liquid swirl as he stirred.

Mouse took a sip of his coffee. "What are you considering?"

"That perhaps it is best to make an example for the rest to see. Choose an opponent and bait them into attacking."

"Want me to see to it?"

"Yes."



***



Cairn waited until she was ten steps ahead before he emerged from the shadows and followed.

For years he had paid his dues, starting as a street rat and building his skills. Life had not been easy for Cairn, but it never was in the alleys. It had taken him almost a decade to claw his way from the bottom to a place where he could begin to earn money and enjoy his life. He was fierce, loyal, and strong, all qualities that his alley lord rewarded. Everyone had been certain that he would be one of the youngest lieutenants, and this had pleased him.

Then Leo had appeared and eclipsed not only Cairn, but everyone else as well. During the past two years, it seemed that everywhere he turned, the young lion was there, succeeding where others could not. Cairn and the rest had been forgotten. It had become so bad that his income was declining, and his gang had started to laugh at him behind his back.

Cairn hated being laughed at.

That would end tonight. He quickened his pace and gained on the young woman, quiet, to make sure she did not hear him. Cairn smiled. He would teach Leo and his bitch a lesson tonight. He grabbed Syntha’s arm.

After tonight, Leo would learn his place.



***



Mouse dropped to the ground and waited unseen as Syntha and Cairn approached. A quick glance to his left and then above showed him the silhouettes of his two best apprentices. He nodded at the first on the ground and scowled at the one on the roof. The boy above was easily seen, not to the average person, but to Mouse. He would be given more drills to improve after this night was complete. Mouse picked the best to join him and his expectations were high.

Syntha and her attacker were less than two steps away from him. He would intercede at precisely the correct moment, striking from darkness so that Cairn would never know where the first hit had come from. He slowed his breath and waited.



***



Cairn halted. The girl jerked backward and spun to face him.

"It’s not safe for a pretty young thing to be out on the streets at this hour."

Her eyes narrowed. "Gods, Cairn, you scared me!" She yanked her arm down but he held her tight. "Let go."

"How do you know me?"

"I’ve seen you with Leo at the coffeehouse."

"Only once."

She shrugged.

"Good. Then you can tell him who hurt you. If you’re ever able to talk again."

Syntha’s eyes widened and her shoulders bunched around her neck. "You don’t want to do this."

Cairn yanked her forward and his other hand came up in a fist aimed at her face.

At the last moment, Syntha swerved out of the way and lowered her shoulders, throwing her entire weight to the ground. The force pulled her arm from his grip and, before he could react, her foot shot straight up to strike him in the groin. Cairn dropped to the ground like a stone and his eyes bulged as he gasped.

Syntha was already standing. He reached out with one grasping hand and she stomped the heel of her boot onto his palm. Cairn heard a crunching sound and a new pain shot from his hand down into his arm. A moment later, he could only watch as she took two quick steps towards him and, with the other boot, kicked him squarely in the head.



***



Cairn lay motionless and Syntha looked down at him for a moment before raising her head and scanning the area for additional attackers. She spied Mouse in the shadows, ran a hand through her hair, and shook her head.

Mouse nodded and stepped back, disappearing from sight.

Syntha pulled a knife from her boot and knelt down beside Cairn. "Hey." She slapped him on the cheek. He did not stir. She pushed into a spot on his throat with her finger and, after a moment, his eyes flew open and he gasped for breath.

"That’s better." She reached down and grabbed his left hand. "You tell everyone what you tried to do tonight, Cairn. Tell them you got stupid and decided to teach Leo a lesson by hurting something of his. Then you tell them what happened after."

"Wha—" His voice was slurred. "What happened after."

"This." She drew the blade quickly across his little finger at the bottom knuckle, slicing the digit from his hand. Cairn screamed and tried to pull his hand away, but Syntha gripped it tightly and ground the bleeding wound against the flagstones. His screaming grew louder and lights began to turn on in the houses nearby.

When a dozen heads were sticking out of their windows and looking down, she nodded and stood, kicking Cairn in the face once more to silence him before strolling away.





30

Three years later



The journey took four hours by carriage.

When they arrived, Leo stepped out and surveyed the area.

It’s smaller than I remember.

Armoured guards stood on each side of a black wrought-iron gate. They ignored Leo as he walked past and made his way through the small, dense garden to the front door of the ancient stone fortress located in the centre of this immense city.

A silver-haired man dressed in black pants and a jade green silk shirt met him at the door, bowing and leading him inside. Leo walked to a stone staircase and descended alone into the bowels of the manor, travelling down a low-ceilinged stone hallway until he reached a great wooden door. Without hesitating, he pushed on the door and entered as it swung inward.

The room was a large library with high ceilings, and bookshelves lined every wall. At the far end sat a great wooden table, which served as a desk, and a large leather chair. A dark-robed man rose from the chair and pulled the black hood from his head as Leo approached. He looked to be about sixty, a handsome man with golden blond hair cut short and a well-groomed beard of the same colour. He squinted as he looked at Leo, his sharp blue eyes examining the young man who stood before him.

Leo bowed low, resting one knee on the ground and lowering his head. "Greetings, Chronicler."

"You look well." The Chronicler’s voice was deep and rich, a combination of power, comfort, and malice all at once.

"As do you," Leo replied.

"Come over here and take a seat."

Leo stood and obeyed. The man’s manner was appraising as he examined the young man for for another moment before sitting, shrugging his shoulders to adjust his black robes around him. "It has been many years since I led you to the alleys."

Leo nodded.

"I am pleased with your progress thus far."

"That is good."

The Chronicler chuckled. "You have followed my instructions to the letter."

"The only instructions you gave me were to survive in the alleys and to return to this place on my twenty-first birthday."

"And here you are. Would you like a drink?"

"Yes, thank you."

The man produced two glasses and poured a dark amber liquid into each from a decanter sitting on his desk. Leo accepted one and sniffed it. "Excellent aroma."

The Chronicler raised one eyebrow. "You have learned to appreciate fine liquor. That is good." He raised his glass. "To your prosperity, Leo."

"May it endure for a thousand years."

"Just so."

Both men drank. Leo surveyed the room, his eyes stopping on volumes of books along the walls before moving on. "I could spend a decade in here, reading."

"Most of the volumes are empty. You would require less than a week to read all of the words currently written in this room."

"Why am I here?"

The older man retrieved a large leather-bound book and opened it to a blank page. "I have questions." He produced a pen and placed it on the table. Then he reached for a bottle of ink and removed the lid.

"Ask them."

"It will require time."

Leo bowed his head. "Take all the time you need, Chronicler."



***



Hours passed while the two men spoke. A servant brought food and they continued speaking while they ate.

Finally, the Chronicler nodded and replaced the lid on the ink. He set the pen to one side and carefully closed the book. "You progress."

"As expected?"

"Yes."

"Do you have any new instructions for me?"

"Prosper and return to this place should you reach the age of forty."

"On my birthday?" Leo stood.

"The day is not important. The year is."

"Very well."

"Thank you for the visit, Leo. I am . . . encouraged by what I have heard."

"Will you be alive when I return in nineteen years?"

The man’s mouth twitched and he smiled. "Do I appear older than when you saw me last?"

"No."

"Perhaps I will look the same nineteen years from now. That is my burden, not yours. You must wait and see."

"As you say, Chronicler."

Leo bowed and left the room.

The Chronicler looked at the door for many minutes. Then he picked up the volume that he had been writing in, stood, and walked to a nearby shelf.

He placed it among the other books that looked identical and paused, letting his hand trail slowly down its spine.





31

Leo entered the room and knew immediately that Lord Argon was in a foul mood.

"Ah, here he is. The man who is ruining my alleys."

Leo glanced over his shoulder and then faced Argon with a puzzled expression. "Me?"

"Yes, you. Destroying everything."

"I don’t understand what you mean."

"You have changed everything with your meddling ways."

"I don’t know what you mean."

"People used to come to the alleys because they had nowhere else to go."

"That is still the case."

"Yes, but they no longer remain here." Argon picked a stray hair from the bearskin on which he sat. "You loan them money and they use it to better themselves."

"That is true."

"They prosper and then leave the alleys, returning to a normal life."

"That is not always the case. Many remain, choosing to run operations from the safety provided by the alleys."

"Most leave."

"To be replaced by new souls."

Lord Argon glowered at Leo.

"I also understand that the ones who do leave continue to pay you tribute for the term that they originally agree upon, is that not the case?"

"Yes."

"Allow me to repeat what you are saying so that I might better understand your anger."

"Don’t get fancy to me, lad. I can drip that honey as well."

"All right." Leo approached a side table and, after a nod from Argon, poured two glasses of water. He handed one to his lord, and then sat down at the table. "You are upset that people come to the alley and, rather than lying in the dirt as poor wretches for the remainder of their lives, they do well. When they leave, if they leave, you continue to receive tribute. Then more arrive and the process repeats itself. This earns more than you ever collected with the old system, but you are upset." Leo took a drink from his glass and shook his head. "I am definitely confused by your anger at me."

Argon opened his mouth and then closed it. He glared at Leo as he drank from his own glass then, after a moment, laughed. "When you put it that way, I do sound ridiculous, don’t I?"

"You are far from that, Lord. I must have described the situation wrong."

"No, you said it true." Argon ran one hand through his long black hair and stroked his beard. "It’s just that your method is new. The way of things was set for so long and now it has changed."

"Has it changed for the better?"

Argon thought for a moment and then nodded. "Of course. Six years ago, when you first stood before me, I was already very wealthy. Since then, my fortune has increased more than a hundredfold."

"Much of that is a result of your efforts, Lord."

"And much of it is also a result of yours. I give credit where it is due, and you deserve the recognition."

"That pleases me."

"Why have you not asked for release from your bond to me?"

"My lord?"

"You are wealthy and clever, Leo. The average man would have demanded to be released from their lord’s bond so they could go out and build their own territory."

"We spoke of this years ago and nothing has changed. I do not wish to be an alley lord."

"All people crave power."

"I agree."

"That power is displayed by their position in the world."

"Yes."

"Titles command respect."

"To some degree. They also invite attack."

"You are not craven, Leo. I know as well as everyone else the price you extract on those who threaten you or yours. I doubt you fear being attacked by anyone."

"That is true, but titles are rare. In order for someone to gain a title, they must eliminate the person holding it. There can be only one lord over the alleys you control. In order for someone to take that position, you must be overthrown. It is that way with all titles and, in my opinion, a terrible waste of energy and resources are required to defend an extra word before one’s name."

"Damn it, but you are clever, boy."

"I try."

"I can’t imagine being a common person with no title."

"I am far from a common person. Because there is no real advantage in attacking me, I can walk alone and feel relatively safe. You must always have bodyguards with you in case an aggressive underling tries to kill you and claim your position."

"The extra attention doesn’t bother me. I rather enjoy it."

"We are different in many ways, Lord."

"That is true." Argon drained his glass and refilled it, bringing the flask to top up Leo’s glass as well. "Perhaps you are not ruining my alleys, as I had thought."

"I’m glad that you agree. It is also important to note that many of the other lords are suffering during these times while you are not. Your alleys are the destination for the poor and destitute. Did you know there is a waiting list to live in them?"

Lord Argon threw his head back and laughed. "I know you are right, but I find it hard to believe."

Leo smiled. "The alleys have changed, Lord. They were once a place for the discarded."

"And now they are a destination for those who wish for something better. Your subtle influence has changed the way of things, Leo. I am surprised other lords are not doing the same."

"They resist change." Leo nodded. "You can understand that."

"Yes, I can."

"Maybe it is time to expand and take control of a fourth alley, Lord."

"Yes, young lion. Maybe it is."





32

Oak entered the coffeehouse and walked straight towards Leo’s booth in the back.

Leo finished chewing his mouthful of food and smiled at his friend. "Want something to drink?"

Oak shook his head. "I have anÉlu candidate ready to speak with you."

Leo placed the sandwich on its plate and used a napkin to wipe his hands. "Which one?"

"Guy named Christoph. He borrowed some money and now says he can’t pay it back."

"You hurt him yet?"

Oak shrugged. "A bit, but I don’t want to go too hard and lose him. He’s a good fellow and shows promise."

"Is this the same Christoph we talked about a few weeks ago?"

"Yeah."

Leo shook his head and picked up his mug. "It doesn’t speak well of a candidate if they don’t pay their debts on time."

"Like I said, I have increased his load to past the breaking point. He was a regular payer on the small amounts, but I extended more than he can ever pay back. He came to me before the loan is due to let me know it was gonna be a concern."

"I like that."

"Yeah. He’s done well at each step of the process and now it’s time for you to meet him. He’s drowning and we either pull him onto our boat or let him sink."

Leo sighed. "Clever term to use, considering his job."

"Thanks." Oak smiled as he stood. "He’s outside, waiting. Want me to send him in or come out?"

"What do you think?"

"I’ll send him in."

Leo pushed his plate to the side and a server appeared to take it away. A few moments later, the door opened and a young man shuffled in, clearly out of place with his sailor garb. Leo caught the young man’s eye and waved him over. When he got close to the table, Leo smiled and indicated the seat across from him.

"Grab a seat. It’s Christoph, right?"

"Yes, sir."

"Please, call me Leo."

"Don’t sound correct to do so, sir."

"I insist."

"All right."

Christoph sat down and looked around, his shoulders stooped and his eyes darting from the floor to other tables around them.

"Oak tells me that you might not be able to pay what you owe."

The young man shook his head. "There’s no way I’ll be able to pay it all back in time."

"That’s not good."

"I know, sir." Leo opened his mouth to correct him and Christoph nodded. "I mean Leo. I want to tell you why."

"Why doesn’t matter."

"It doesn’t?"

"Of course not." Leo crossed his arms and leaned back.

"How come?"

"A loan was given with clear terms of repayment. Is there anything you can say which will change that?"

"No."

"If you tell me a wondrous story, do you expect me to declare that the loan can be forgotten?"

Christoph bowed his head. "I don’t suppose so."

"Will an extension of time allow you to earn enough to pay it back?"

"It would need to be a long extension."

"Is that a yes?"

Christoph hesitated before answering. "Yes."

"You say the word, but the tone in your voice indicates the opposite." Leo tapped the desk. "Have you seen what happens when Oak doesn’t get his money back?"

"I thought it was your money."

"Did I hand it to you?"

"No. Oak did."

Leo spread his hands and shrugged. "There you have it, then."

"I have heard stories about Oak."

"I can assure you that they are all true." Leo shook his head. "You are in serious danger, Christoph."

"There must be something I can do to clear the debt."

"What do you mean?"

"Perhaps you will loan me enough to pay Oak."

"Why would I do something like that? You have just admitted that you cannot pay the money back."

"With coin." Christoph paused, then leaned forward. "I hear that sometimes you accept other forms of payment. Information or service."

Leo nodded and tilted up his chin to scratch his beard. "I do that occasionally."

Christoph nodded and smiled. "I work on a trade ship. There must be some way I can help you."

"Your father captains the ship, if I recall."

"He is captain and owner of the ship, Fury’s Pride."

"Right. It brings exotic spices and metals from across the ocean."

"Yes."

"How could that benefit me?"

"There must be some way."

Leo tapped his fingers against the table and nodded. After a moment, he stopped tapping and squinted at Christoph. "Perhaps there is a way, but I must ask a very important question of you first."

"Of course."

"You are nineteen, correct?"

"Yes, sir."

"Shouldn’t you have a ship of your own by now? I understand that your father is very wealthy amongst the traders. He owns a fleet of more than a dozen ships, and he rarely loses one during voyages abroad, which speaks well of his abilities."

"I am the fourth son. My eldest two brothers help my father run the fleet since one of them will inherit it. I will not build a fortune simply to have it taken by my brothers upon the death of my father."

"I see. And he will not fund you to start another fleet?"

"To compete with his own?" Christoph shook his head. "That would be a foolish business decision, Leo."

Leo shrugged. "With a narrow vision, perhaps. I sense that you have little reason to be loyal to your family."

"I am loyal, even though it will not benefit me during my lifetime."

"If I were to buy the debt from Oak and offer you an opportunity to repay me through service, it would involve being loyal to me over your family."

"I must first be loyal to myself, Leo. If a deal with you will lift the debt hanging over me, then I am open to considering it."

Leo smiled. "Then let me make you an offer."



***



Oak waited until Christoph had left before entering the coffeehouse and sitting down at Leo’s booth.

"Did he go for it?"

"He did."

"Excellent. Did you bring up the concept ofÉlu with him?"

"No, it is much too early for that. We will give him a series of tasks to measure his loyalty, intelligence, and potential. If he does well over the next few years, then I will broach the subject of entry into theÉlu."

"I have a few other candidates that match the profile."

"From what aspects of life?"

"A farmer, alchemist, baker, cobbler, and soldier. None of them stand in line to inherit their family business."

"Perfect. Bring them to me when you are able."

"It will take some time to get them ready."

Leo smiled. "This is a long game, Oak. I am prepared to wait an adequate amount of time."

"Do you want any more sailors?"

"Of course."

Oak stood up. "I’ll get back to work."





33

Leo knocked on Doc Johnston’s front door and smiled when the elder man opened it.

"Hello, Doc. You’re dressed fancy today."

"Hi, Leo. I am leaving for the Pits in a few minutes."

"I didn’t know you went there."

"Are you keeping track of where I spend my time?"

Leo shrugged. "Not really, but my network does like to mention when they see you out and about."

"No harm in that. My little spiders do the same with regards to you." He opened the door and stood to one side. "Come in. I have a treat for you to sample."

"If you are about to leave, I can come back later. I don’t want to interrupt your day."

"Nonsense. I have time and have been excited to share this with you."

Doc Johnston led them into his sitting room. "Let me go prepare it. I had water boiling for another purpose, so it won’t take long."

Leo removed his jacket and walked to the bookshelf, retrieving a volume that he had been reading bit by bit during his visits. "Take your time. I’m at a very interesting part in this book."

The doctor returned five minutes later with a tray holding a pot and two cups. Leo looked up and closed the book as the older man placed the tray on the small table between them.

"What have you got there?"

"It’s called xai." He tipped the pot and poured a light purple liquid into both cups and handed one to Leo.

"Xai? Never heard of it." He leaned close to the cup and sniffed the steam. "It smells wonderful?"

"A faraway land across the ocean."

"Which one?"

"Krandar."

Leo frowned. "Our ships trade with Krandar. Why have I not heard of xai before now?"

The doc chuckled. "It is a very sacred drink. The penalty for sharing it with foreigners is death."

Leo blew across the surface of his cup and then took a sip. His eyes widened and he smiled before taking another. "This is delicious."

"I thought you would enjoy it."

"Imagine if I could get this into my coffeehouses."

"I have." The doctor took a sip from his cup and smiled. "That is exactly why I am giving you a taste."

Leo set the cup down. "You’ve found a way to get some?"

"Maybe. That’s why I am off to the Pits today."

"Ah."

"I always keep my eye out for people from Krandar. It is rare for them to journey abroad, but every once in a while one will strike out and seek the Pits."

"It is said that they produce the world’s fiercest warriors."

"Based on those who come to the Pits, I would have to agree with that reputation. Over a year ago, a Krandarian appeared and my network informed me. I have been building a relationship with him ever since. Even the best fighters are injured and require medical attention."

Leo took another drink of xaiand closed his eyes. "I’ve never tasted anything like it."

The doctor laughed. "I think that my relationship with the warrior has grown to where I can bring up this topic with him." He shrugged. "The odds are strong that he will not help me, but I must ask."

"If he does agree to help, you could profit an incredible amount."

The doctor nodded. "I feel very optimistic that Ricin will be agreeable to my proposal."

Leo froze, the cup halfway to his lips. "His name is Ricin?"

"That’s right. What’s wrong, lad? You look troubled all of a sudden."

Leo placed his cup on the table, the porcelain tinkling from the shaking of his hand. "Doc, this is going to sound very strange, but I need to go with you and meet this man."

"Don’t worry, Leo, I will be certain to cut you in on the profits, should Ricin be willing."

"It’s not that." The boy took a breath and exhaled.

"What is it?"

"I remember names from my early childhood. Only a handful, but for some reason they are burned into my brain. When I hear of people with these names, I feel an overwhelming compulsion to meet them. It is almost as if some part of me is searching for these people. When I find the correct person, I know it right away."

The doctor frowned. "And Ricin is one of those names?"

Leo nodded.

"Hmm." The doctor’s frown deepened as he drank the remainder of his xai. "You become a deeper mystery as time passes."

Leo blinked and remained silent.

"I intended to bring you in on the xai opportunity, so I see no reason for you not to accompany me."

"You don’t need to include me in the xai business, Doc."

"Oh, please." He held one hand up. "Our lives and destinies have been intertwined since the day we met. For better or worse, our stars rise or fall together."

"I feel the same way."

"Wait a minute." The doctor’s smile faded. "Is my name one of those implanted into your psyche?"

Leo looked at the doctor and nodded.

"Fascinating." The doctor stood and retrieved an overcoat from a nearby sofa. "Well then, I guess we had better go meet Ricin."





34

The tradition of the fighting pits, or the Pits as they had come to be called, was centuries old. One could not travel through a town or village without finding at least one circular pit dug into the ground where local folk could gather and watch violent combat.

Doctor Johnston and Leo approached the gates. A long line had formed but the doctor led them to a side door where they were given immediate access.

"You get special treatment, I see."

The doctor nodded. "The Pits and I go way back. It is an excellent place for a physician to work his or her trade. Healing fighters so that they may retain their strength and fight again is a skill that the Pit Masters pay well for, and I have always been skilled at my trade."

Originally, Pit fighters had been free men and women who used the venue to display their skills or challenge each other to resolve arguments, but growing demand for entertainment had resulted in the Pits becoming its own industry. Now, less than ten percent of the Pit fighters were free citizens. The majority of fighters were slaves owned by investors called Pit Masters, wealthy men who spent incredible sums of money to purchase and train fighters in hopes of earning large profits.

The doctor’s pace was brisk but Leo was slower. The doctor paused and waited for Leo to catch up. "Have you not been in the fighter’s area before?"

"I’ve never been to the Pits before."

"What? Are you joking with me?"

"No."

"I don’t understand how that is even possible. Everyone comes to the Pits."

Leo shrugged. "I’ve been busy. When I had the time, I was too poor to bother and, now that I can afford it, I have other matters to fill my day."

"Would you like a proper tour?"

"Not particularly."

"Okay." The doctor shrugged and began walking once more.

"Ricin is a free man, right?"

"Yes. The free fighters have their own preparation area. That is where we are going now."

They walked for another ten minutes, passing through guarded gates and entering hallways that looked the same as the ones behind them. Finally, the doctor turned right and approached a dark wooden door. He opened it and walked into a large room containing a circular dirt ring in the centre surrounded by benches set ten feet back from its outer edges. The ceilings were twenty feet high and sunlight streamed through grate-covered squares cut out of the roof above. Men sat on the benches, some donning armour, others stretching their muscles or wrapping cloth strips around their knees or ankles. Some sharpened blades while many practiced moves with daggers, swords, quarterstaffs, and other weapons.

The doctor scanned the room, then walked towards a dark-skinned man sitting at one of the benches. The man saw them approaching, smiled, and stood. He was taller than Leo by a head, which made him six foot five inches at least. Large muscles glistened beneath his dark skin which was bared except for black leather pants and strips of the same black leather tied around the tops of his biceps.

"Ricin, it is good to see you."

The two men clasped forearms. "It is good to see you as well, Doctor." There was a trace of an accent, but it was very faint. "You bring another with you today."

"Yes." The doctor turned to face Leo. "This is my very good friend and business associate, Leo Wrathson."

Ricin smiled. It was a genuine expression conveyed not only in his mouth but also by the sparkle in his eyes. "I am pleased to meet you, Leo Wrathson. The doctor is a great man. I expect that he keeps friends who are of the same calibre."

Leo clasped Ricin’s hand. The cords of Ricin’s arms were hard as steel beneath his skin. "I am pleased to meet you also, Ricin. The doctor tells me you are a remarkable fighter."

Ricin shrugged. "I am still alive, victory coin fills my purse, and I feel strong enough to fight today. This is enough for a simple man as myself."

The doctor removed his jacket and placed it on the bench. "May I inspect your wound?"

"Of course, Doctor." Ricin removed the wrap from his right arm to reveal a dim pink scar, three inches long.

The doctor shook his head. "Come look at this, Leo."

Leo leaned forward. "A well-healed wound, Doctor. Good work."

"He received this cut two days ago. It should be scabbed and still fairly fresh."

"That’s not possible." Leo frowned. "It looks as if it has healed for months already."

Ricin smiled, his perfect white teeth contrasted by his dark skin. "In weeks, the scar will be gone. Kandar warriors heal quickly."

"Incredible, is it not, Leo?" The doctor slapped Ricin’s arm and the warrior began to wrap the leather band back into place.

"Yes, it is."

"Simple magic." Ricin grabbed a belt from the bench in front of him and wrapped it around his waist. "Will you watch my fight today?"

"Absolutely," Leo said.

"This is Leo’s first visit to the Pits."

"In this city?"

"Ever."

Ricin’s eyes widened and his smile returned. "Then I will make your first day a special one. I face a very strong opponent. Bet on me today, Leo, and you will gain much profit."

The doctor harrumphed and shook his head. "I have studied the match-ups. Ricin faces three opponents today, not just one."

"To a Krandarian warrior, the numbers do not matter. One, two, ten." Ricin shrugged. "I do not worry about simple things like that until I stand before them. The opponent I speak of is always the same creature. Her name is Death, and today I will defeat her as I have done each time she comes to claim me."

"Is the battle to the death, then?" Leo knew that many matches in the Pits were not to the death. Most concluded when first blood was shed, or until one combatant took a knee, or any other number of conditions. Death matches were rare since it involved the loss of an asset for a pit master. The rewards, however, for the winner were large, and a death match drew the crowds like no other contest.

"It is." The doctor’s expression was grim.

Ricin saw the look and laughed, tapping the older man on the shoulder. "Do not worry for me, Doctor. I will be victorious and we shall speak after the fight. Perhaps I will be kissed by enemy steel so that you may administer to me."

"I would be pleased if you require no medical attention after the fight."

Ricin smiled. "As you wish, Doctor." He nodded at Leo. "It was good to meet you, Leo. Now I must prepare for battle. Go, place bets on my victory and come see me after to congratulate me."

The two men left the room and the doctor led them down the corridor. "Let’s go place bets and get to our seats."

"You look nervous, Doc."

"If Ricin dies today, my opportunity dies with him."

"Don’t worry about that. He will be fine."

"You say that as if you know for certain."

"I will bet five hundred gold on his victory."

"Are you serious?"

"About money?" Leo smiled. "Always."





35

Doctor Johnston rested one palm against the door in front of him before looking over his shoulder at Leo with a smile. Loud cheering could be heard beyond the thick wooden door.

"I still remember my first view of the Pit stadium, Leo. I am envious of what you are about to experience."

He swung the door wide and they walked out onto a balcony of golden brown stone at the highest part of the enormous round stadium. Over a hundred rows of flat bench seats descended toward the ring. Near the bottom, directly above the flat fighting pits, were luxury box seats filled with the city’s privileged who paid handsomely for the best view of the action.

"I did not expect it to be so large." Leo’s voice was almost a shout so that he could be heard over the roar of the crowd. "Nor so full of people."

The doctor laughed. "The Pit is always filled like this, my friend. This is the greatest form of entertainment in our city, which is why I was surprised to hear that you have never been here."

"I can assure you that I will not wait another twenty-two years to return."

The doctor laughed and slapped Leo on the back. "Of that, I am certain. Now let’s go down a bit closer so we can see the action, shall we?"

Leo looked at him. "I thought our seats were up here."

"Heavens no. I brought you up here to see the grandness of it all, for a proper first impression." He pointed to the box seats far below. "I don’t have special access to this place only to be forced to sit in the worst seats."

"That makes sense."

They descended to the lower level through the back stairways. The doctor led them down a long hall and opened an ornate set of doors.

Leo looked over his shoulders toward the highest seats. "Yes, this is better."

The doctor chuckled and led the way past a half dozen of the luxury boxes, nodding to various people as he did so. Many of the patrons also smiled and called out to Leo, who returned the greetings.

"You’re a popular young man. It has taken me decades to do what you have in only a few short years."

"I have been fortunate."

The doctor snorted and entered a vacant box. "You have worked harder than anyone I have ever known."

"Thank you, Doctor."

The two men sat at the railing’s edge. Leo plucked a grape from a plate filled with fresh fruit and popped it into his mouth while a beautiful woman servant poured a glass of red wine. "These seats are marvellous, Doc. Are there better in the house?"

"These are the best."

"I am impressed. You are treated like royalty."

"That’s because he is in the royal box," a voice said behind them.

Leo turned to see the speaker and bolted up as he recognized the man entering the box with a beautiful young lady on his arm and two tall guards behind him.

Leo lowered his eyes to the ground and tilted his head for effect as he executed a perfect court bow.

The prince lowered his hand and moved ahead of the young woman, leaving her to stand at the entrance to the private area while the guards each took up position on either side of the entrance and turned to face the crowd. His smile was warm and genuine as he shook hands with the doctor. "Doctor, it is so good to see you again. You honour me with your presence on this day."

"The honour is entirely mine, Your Royal Highness." The doctor half turned and raised one hand to indicate Leo. "This is my friend and business partner, Leo Wrathson. Leo, I would like to formally introduce you to His Royal Highness, Prince Adam Rethnal."

The two men shook hands. "It is an honour, Your Royal Highness," Leo said.

The prince’s smile broadened into a grin. "I have heard much about you, Leo. It is a pleasure to finally meet you."

Leo started to frown, but turned the expression into a smile. "Truly? I am surprised to hear that you know of me at all."

"I work hard to know the players who live in the kingdom which I will someday rule. Even at court, the young lion is known."

"I’m not certain that bodes well for me."

The prince shrugged. "The reviews are mixed. Some mutter and make dour faces when your name is mentioned, but the majority seem to think well of you."

"That is good to know, Your Grace."

The prince turned and looked at the woman and she approached them. "This is the Lady Sandra. She has graciously agreed to be my companion for the day."

The men greeted the lady and then took their seats, the prince and lady in the middle, Leo to the prince’s right.

"I hear that this is your first visit to the stadium, Leo." The prince looked at the large pit below.

"Yes, Your Grace. It appears to be a well-attended event."

The prince laughed. "It is indeed. Who do you like in the lists today, Doctor?"

The doctor recited a few names and the prince nodded. "And what of the final match for the day?"

"Ricin will be victorious in the death match today, Your Grace."

"Truly? He faces three of the best fighters the land has to offer, and is but one man. The odds are overwhelmingly against Ricin, yet still you choose him?"

"I have watched fighters enter that deep pit for over twenty-five years, Your Grace. Ricin’s skills are on par with the legends of the sport."

Prince Adam nodded and looked at Leo. "Interesting perspective. What do you say, Leo?"

"I placed my bet earlier, Your Grace. I know nothing of the Pits and so base my decision on the experience of my host."

The prince chuckled and peeled a small fruit, extending half of it towards Lady Sandra beside him. She closed her eyes and opened her mouth to accept the morsel. A faint smile curved her lips as she chewed. "It is polite to bet according to one’s host," the prince’s gaze drifted towards the Lady Sandra’s ample bosom. "But the size of the bet is more telling. Of course, it is none of my concern, but would you be willing to share the amount you have bet on this warrior?"

"Five hundred gold."

Prince Adam’s smile froze and he inclined his head towards the doctor. The doctor raised one eyebrow and nodded.

The prince raised one hand and, a moment later, a guard stood at his side. "I would like you to place a bet on my behalf."

"Of course, Your Grace." The man leaned closer to the prince.

The prince smiled, looked down at the golden sand of the pit below for a moment, and then nodded. "Bet one thousand gold on Ricin to win the death match."

The guard’s eyes bulged. "I’m sorry, I did not hear you correctly."

"You did. One thousand gold."

The guard cleared his throat and his eyes darted to the doctor and then to Leo. After a moment, he bowed. "As you say. One thousand gold on Ricin to win." He backed out of the booth and departed.

"Well, gentlemen. It seems that our fortunes are intertwined this day. Let us enjoy ourselves while we look forward to the final match, shall we?"

The massive gates to the Pits opened and the crowd roared. Two warriors emerged and stood at opposite points with their backs against the wall and weapons drawn.

"I am glad that we met today, Leo."

"As am I."

"Perhaps this will be the start of an interesting friendship."

Leo bowed his head, careful to conceal the smile on his face.





36

"It’s time, Ricin."

The warrior opened his eyes. "I am ready." He stood in one fluid motion, uncrossing his legs and rolling his head from side to side before looking at the bench in front of him. He picked up his two blades, one thirteen inches long and the other nine, and sheathed them in scabbards on his hips. Then he reached for the reinforced steel forearm wraps and tied them into place so that the steel bands covered the tops of his arms. He turned and walked to the door, nodding to the attendant who would escort him to the Pit.

"Your opponents are wearing more armour," the attendant said.

Ricin smiled. He wore black leather pants, boots, and was bare-chested except for the forearm wraps and the black leather strips wrapped above his biceps. "If you fear the kiss of a weapon, then you must hide behind armour. I am sufficiently clothed."

"This match is to the death."

"Just so."

Ricin followed the attendant to the entrance of the Pit. Three large, muscular men stood together. One man was dressed in heavy chain mail armour and carried a long sword and shield. The second wore hard-boiled leather and held a seven-foot-long spear with a barbed hook and sharp point. The third had a sword strapped over his shoulder and three long knives sheathed at the hip, boot, and forearm. All of them wore armour in the manner of the Pits, protective but not so heavy or excessive as to slow their attacks.

Ricin faced each man and bowed. "May you attain perfection in your contest today."

The man with the spear returned the bow. "Good luck to you as well, Ricin."

A loud horn sounded and the door opened. The four men entered the fighting area together and fanned out with their backs touching the high wall of the Pit. The crowd roared as the announcer stood from his seat and raised his hands for silence. He waited until the crowd was quiet before speaking.

"Ladies and gentlemen! After an exciting day filled with astounding feats of bravery and skill, we arrive at the main event, the death match we have been anticipating for weeks!"

The crowd cheered and applauded as the announcer walked back and forth on his platform before raising his hands for silence again.

"Today is even more exciting than most because, in order to provide a fair contest, we see a matching of three fierce warriors against one. The best warriors from our lands face the best from the far-off country of Krandar."

The crowd roared once more. This time, the announcer allowed the crowd to cheer until they quieted naturally. "This contest is to the death. May fortune favour the brave souls who give their lives for our respect and admiration." He raised one hand and then dropped it to signal the fight had begun.

Ricin unsheathed his weapons and stepped away from the wall. His opponents did the same.

The pit was large and none of them rushed forward recklessly. Ricin’s eyes locked onto his opponents as they moved towards him. His breath was even, his heartbeat slow.

The three approached and then stopped outside of striking distance. Ricin claimed the centre point of the Pit and waited for the attack.

One man drew the dagger from his back and threw it. Ricin leaned backwards to avoid it and saw that the long spear was already streaking forward to strike the spot where his torso would be. He jumped and spun, the movement causing him to avoid both the spear and dagger. He landed on his feet and immediately launched toward the man wielding the spear.

The spear was still extended as Ricin drew his blades and closed the distance between them. He could see the surprise on the man’s face and he smiled. Most would have retreated and that is what the spearman had been counting on. Ricin sliced into the man’s leather armour at the waist. He felt the texture against his knife become soft and, without hesitating, plunged the blade deep into the man’s abdomen. The opponent grunted and pulled away. The involuntary action saved his life as Ricin’s second blade passed through the air where the man’s neck had been a moment before.

Ricin dodged back and his attackers did the same. The crowd roared and got to their feet.

The three opponents knelt together for a moment and spoke. Then they turned to face Ricin and began advancing as one.

Ricin bowed at the waist, his eyes locked on the man with the spear. Both blades were drawn, and Ricin blinked, once, twice, and then a third time before they were within striking distance.



"That’s it," the doctor said as he watched Ricin bow to the three men advancing.

"What do you mean?" Prince Adam asked.

"Just watch."

Leo leaned forward, his chin jutting past the edge of the railing to get a good look at the battleground below.

The opponents were less than three feet away from him when Ricin sprang forward. His blades moved so fast that they appeared to be nothing more than flashing light, first streaking towards the man in the centre, then appearing to the left, followed by the right.

In the space of three heartbeats, Ricin was the only man standing in the Pit.

The stadium became silent, the effect of the sudden quiet making Leo think he had gone deaf.

Ricin bowed once more and then walked to each fallen warrior. He touched the first man on his wound, then traced a small circle in blood on the dead man’s forehead before moving to repeat the gesture with the next, careful to use a clean finger and each man’s blood for his own marking. When the action was completed, he stepped back and knelt on the sand. He closed his eyes, bowed until his forehead touched the ground, then stood and walked to the door.

"That was incredible," the prince whispered. "Did he use magic?"

The doctor raised his eyebrow and shrugged. "See those armbands he wears?"

"Yes."

"Those bands are given to only one warrior in each generation. Ricin is a very special man."

"In Krandar?"

"In the world."

"What do they signify?"

"That he has been kissed by the god."

"Which god?"

"Death."





37

Ricin’s match was the last of the day. As the crowd began to file out, the prince turned to the doctor.

"I would like to meet Ricin right now. Would you be so kind as to introduce him to me, Doctor?"

"Of course, Your Grace."

The prince nodded. "Leo, would you accompany us?"

"Thank you, Your Grace, I would be happy to."

The men collected their winnings and then followed the doctor as he led them to where Leo had met the warrior that morning. The room was empty this time, save for Ricin, who sat meditating on the ground in the middle of the practice ring. He opened his eyes and stood, bowing when the three men got close.

"Ricin," the doctor said, "it is my honour to introduce you to His Royal Highness, Prince Adam Rethnal, heir to the kingdom.

Ricin bowed low. "I am humbled by your presence, Your Royal Highness."

"It is I who am humbled." The prince bowed in return. "I have never seen such a display of perfection in my life. You made history in the Pits today."

"I was pleased with the outcome, Grace."

The prince laughed. "As was I." He turned to Leo. "I placed a decent bet on you, as did Leo and the doctor. The odds were heavily against you."

"Perhaps the odds were determined by men, Your Grace. To those with greater influence in the universe, I was always favoured to win."

"So it would seem." The prince raised one hand with his palm facing up. One of his guards approached from the doorway and placed a small bag in his hand which the prince extended towards Ricin. "This is a portion of my winnings. I would like for you to have it."

Ricin bowed and placed one hand over his heart. "I do not wish to offend you, Grace, but I must respectfully decline your generosity."

"Why?"

"It would be inappropriate."

"To accept money from royalty?"

The corner of Ricin’s mouth turned up. "No, Your Grace. I did not travel all this way to fight in your Pits with the intention of making money."

The prince frowned. "You did not bet on yourself today?"

"Nor any other day. I brought coin with me and have spent it on my food and lodgings."

"You came here to test our warriors?"

"In a manner. I mean no disrespect, but I came to this land in order to demonstrate my style and manner of fighting."

"To what purpose?"

"Learning serves its own purpose, Grace. There are many in your kingdom who have seen me fight. Many who now see what they thought impossible is possible. It is my belief that I can change the world through my actions."

The prince nodded and smiled. "I have always had that same belief, Ricin. I commend you for travelling the path that you have chosen."

Ricin bowed once more.

"What are your plans? I doubt that anyone will fight you in the Pits after hearing about this battle today."

"I agree that my time here is done. I will travel to another kingdom and continue to educate any who are clever enough to see the lessons I provide."

"You’re leaving?" The doctor frowned and glanced at Leo. The prince watched their silent exchange and smiled. "When?" Doctor Johnston asked.

"Tomorrow."

"Would you consider postponing your departure by a week or so?" the prince asked. "I would like to speak more with you about your fighting style and philosophy. Be my guest for a week before you leave. I would be willing to donate to your cause if you were to agree to stay."

Ricin laughed. "You are clever, Grace. Accepting a donation for my mission is acceptable to the tenants of my pilgrimage. I would be honoured to stay as your guest for one week."

"I am pleased to hear that. Gather your things and, when you are ready, we can go to the palace."

Ricin pointed at a bench on which rested a large bag. "Everything I own is in that bag, Your Grace. I am ready to accompany you at your leisure."

"Excellent." The prince turned to face Leo and the doctor. "Leo, it was good to meet you. I look forward to seeing you again soon."

"The honour was mine, Your Grace. Thank you for your hospitality today."

The prince nodded. "Doctor. As always, I have learned much in your presence. Bring Leo with you to the palace tomorrow. We can dine together." He arched one eyebrow. "And you will have an opportunity to talk with Ricin in private. I sense you would speak with him about something delicate."

"Your Grace knows me well."

The prince laughed. "You were my tutor for years. I would be a poor student if I could not read your subtle cues."

The doctor chuckled. "You were one of my best students."

"Tomorrow then, gentlemen."

Leo and the doctor bowed and took their leave. They exited the stadium and did not speak until they were outside on the street.

"You were tutor to the prince?"

"Yes. His father learned of me and made the request. I couldn’t say no, and there have been many times since that I am glad for the experience. The prince is an incredible young man. I expect that his reign will transform this small but prosperous kingdom into a powerful empire."

"That’s a very lofty statement."

"I am a student of history, among other things, and he has all the makings of a legend." The doctor sipped his coffee. "As do you, lad."

Leo laughed and shook his head. "You are in a grand mood today, Doc. Overly optimistic because you won a large sum of money on the fight."

"It has been a good day," the doctor admitted, "but my opinion is not based on a whim or single piece of positive emotion. Let us meet in a decade or two and see if I was not right on my predictions for both the prince and you."

Leo smiled and raised his wine glass. "It’s a date."





38

Riley requested a meeting with his father two days earlier than scheduled.

He entered the safe house and found Lord Argon sitting with a goblet of wine in his hand. "Grab yourself a drink and tell me why I’m here instead of in bed with Lissandra."

Riley poured a drink and sat. "How much do you trust Leo?"

Lord Argon raised one eyebrow and tilted his head. "More than most, but not more than a man in my position should trust anyone. Why? Does his new friendship with the prince trouble you?"

"He’s friends with Prince Adam?"

Argon chuckled. "It seems my sources are better informed than the Keepers."

Riley shook his head and started to speak but Argon raised one hand. "I jest with you. Leo told me himself just yesterday."

"I’m not talking about the prince, although I should like to hear more about that."

"What is it, then?"

"He is recruiting a Keeper to his side."

"I see. That is news to me. Anyone we know?"

Riley shook his head. "A young man by the name of Bartoq, a couple years younger than I am. Good kid, very keen and effective, one territory over from mine. It is larger and patrolled by a total of five Keepers."

Argon chuckled. "How long has he been Leo’s man?"

"They are still in the courting stage and the partnership can be stopped if you desire. Just say the word and I will speak with Bartoq."

"Do you think the move threatens us?"

Riley paused and then shook his head. "I am not certain, Father."

"You have been in this territory for years now. What is your opinion of my young lion?"

"He is different from you."

Argon smiled. "In what ways?"

"Many, but the most profound difference is how he leads those around him. You use fear and strength to keep those who follow you in check. The mention of your name or a summons to audience inspires obedience, but it also causes trepidation."

"Of course. Fear is the best way to establish peace and make certain that everyone stays in their place for as long as possible. It also ensures that only the strongest will attempt to rise and replace those who have become weaker."

"I agree, but no one fears Leo."

"Which keeps him where he is." Argon smiled and took a drink of wine. "It is something he must overcome if he would rise higher in this world."

"I disagree."

"Explain."

"People are loyal to Leo. Those who owe him money pay him back on time or early. He fosters friendships easily, and when he walks the streets, people clamour to be noticed by him. When you do the same, everyone does their best to look busy and avoid your attention."

"This is true." Argon frowned.

"He is beloved."

"Impossible. I know what that boy is capable of and so does everyone else. Behind that smile is a monster. There have been people who did not pay him back and, I assure you, their screams filled the night so that everyone listening knew the price of not paying one’s debts to Leo. There have been other incidents as well. Assassination attempts on the lives of both him and his girlfriend, and battles with other lieutenants in my court. Leo is feared, of that much I am certain."

"Oak is feared," Riley explained. "Stick, Mouse, and their apprentices are feared. They enforce Leo’s will."

"Which everyone knows. That is why they must fear Leo. That is why they fear me. I do not always dirty my hands, but everyone knows I am responsible. We operate the same and so the results must be the same."

"Yet they are not."

Lord Argon opened his mouth and then closed it, shaking his head before taking another drink of wine. "Perhaps you are right. The thought had occurred to me, but I was certain I was seeing things that were untrue."

"The boy is powerful and time will make him more so."

Argon leaned back in his chair and looked at the ceiling. He took a deep breath through his nose and released it through his mouth. "Leo has made my territories more prosperous than anyone else before or since. In truth, I often wish for a dozen more just like him. Let him recruit the Keeper."

"As you wish."

"Your expression tells me that you are not pleased. Are you suggesting that I eliminate him in order to protect my position?"

Riley shook his head and laughed. "That’s the problem. He is so different from anyone that I have seen. A small part of me says to get rid of him, but my gut says that he is not a threat to you."

"Then who does he threaten?"

"When I consider individuals, the scope feels too small."

"Are you suggesting he is a danger to the kingdom?"

"My gut tells me it is even larger than that." Riley sighed. "I think that Leo may be a threat to the entire world."





39

It was early morning when Leo and Doc Johnston finally left the palace.

The full moon shone high in the sky, casting a white light that made the torches along the stone path seem dim. The footman held open the door to the doctor’s coach and both men climbed inside, the doctor facing forward and Leo sitting across from him. Neither spoke until the coach had left the front gates of the palace behind them.

"Well." The doctor yawned. "That couldn’t have gone any better if I had written the entire exchange out beforehand."

"I am amazed at how likeable the prince is." Leo ran a hand through his hair and rubbed his eyes, stifling a yawn himself as he spoke. "I was pleasantly surprised at the Pits yesterday but thought that might be his way of making a good first impression."

The doctor chuckled. "King Edward is no different. The queen died when Adam was very young, and the King was committed that he should raise the boy proper. He searched the kingdom for the best nannies, tutors, playmates, and interviewed candidates extensively before making his selections.‘A ruler must be loved by his people,’the king always says,‘and in order to be loved, he or she must be able to relate and communicate at every level of the class scale. Prince Adam is as comfortable on the wharf speaking to a beggar as he is entertaining nobility."

"It is refreshing to see a powerful person that is so personable."

"Yes, I have always thought that the two of you are kindred spirits in that way and others."

"Me?" Leo put a hand on his chest and laughed. "I wasn’t talking about me."

The doctor shrugged. "I am pleased that Ricin has agreed to help us acquire xai, although it is not in the manner that I expected."

"He is a clever man. He agreed to introduce you to one of his countrymen and arrange for them to acquire and bring the beans back here."

"And then show me how to grow, harvest, and refine it into the drink that we have fallen in love with. It should be much easier to smuggle stock seed than continually bring boatloads of it from Kandar all the time. When he suggested the idea, I did not see the possibilities. I am glad we were with Prince Adam at the time."

Leo laughed. "The prince wanted in on the revenue after you gave him a taste of the product. No one outside of Kandar has ever tasted xai. If we are successful, we will introduce a brand new drink to our country."

"Possibly the world."

"You’re right. This will be a complex yet profitable venture for all of us. Repeat the steps involved for me once more, if you please. Just so that we are both clear."

Leo held up one finger. "Ricin introduces you to a countryman and he smuggles the xai back to us here." He held up a second finger. "The beans need a special climate in which to grow. The king controls a large island which has been left unused for generations due to dense forest coverage, isolation, and a humid climate."

"The exact weather conditions required for growing the xai beans, according to Ricin."

"Just so."

"Your offer to buy the land from the prince was amusing."

Leo laughed. "We all knew it was a ridiculous suggestion, but it did lighten the mood and allow me to get what I actually desired."

"Purchasing rights to the trees covering the land." The doctor shook his head. "I would never have expected him to grant you that, either. Well done, lad."

"Thank you." Leo bowed in his seat. "He asked too much at first."

"Your counter offer was also clever. You pay the prince half of his asking price and give the lumber from every fifth tree to him."

"Plus we increased the tax we pay him on xai revenue by an additional one percent. That was a deciding factor, Doc."

"And worth it. Now I am becoming confused."

"You control the xai business with me as partner. I clear the land and use the wood I keep to build ships, with you as my partner. The prince gets his land cleared and it is put to use. He gets lumber and also tax income from the xai produced, plus he retains the land."

"When the king learns you plan to build ships with the lumber, he may not allow it."

Leo shrugged. "I will offer to build him one ship instead of giving him the trees. That should placate him, don’t you think?"

"Definitely. His fleet is the biggest in the world, but he wants it to increase even more." The doctor removed a small flask from inside his jacket, unscrewed the lid, and raised it in toast. "To your clever mind." He took a swig and passed it to Leo.

"If all goes as planned, Doc, we are on our way to becoming very wealthy."





40

Syntha looked up as the door to the coffeehouse opened and smiled when Leo entered. She strode over and gave him a kiss and hug, waving one hand as people at nearby tables made exaggerated kissing noises.

"Good morning, beautiful."

"Hello, handsome. Finley got here a few minutes ago. He’s over in the corner."

"Is he eating?"

"I offered to buy him breakfast, but he refused."

"He always refuses. Can you send a couple of sweet rolls over when you get a chance, please?"

"Of course." She took a step towards the counter and grabbed a mug of fresh-poured coffee as it was set down by one of the employees. "Here." Syntha took a sip and then held it out to Leo. "It’s just how you like it."

"Perfect?"

She smiled. "Just like your girlfriend, yes."

Leo saw Finley and made his way to the food vendor’s table. "Good morning, my friend. I hope I did not impose on your business by asking you to meet on such short notice."

Finley smiled and shook hands with Leo as he sat down. "No imposition at all, Leo. My youngest son is old enough to do most of the work now and it is good for everyone when I leave the store for a few hours."

"Business is good?"

"Better than ever." Finley smiled. "Your patronage helps me to buy more volume and get better prices for the other customers. I am grateful that we happened to meet each other on that morning so many years ago."

"As am I, Finley. We have both come a long way since then, have we not?"

"I am the same man, only busier." Finley sipped his coffee. "And you’ve managed to make quite the name for yourself."

"You say that as if it is a bad thing."

"The profession you have chosen, moneylender, is not an honourable one."

"I am not like the rest of the moneylenders out there."

Finley shrugged. "Maybe, but the result is still the same."

"Your tone does not sound judging, although the words certainly do."

"None of us are noble men, Leo. I do not judge you, I’m simply stating a fact. Society does not look well on moneylenders."

"Perhaps someday they will."

A harsh bark of laughter escaped from Finley’s mouth. He caught himself and reached forward to tap Leo on the arm. "I did not mean to offend, but moneylending will never be an honourable profession."

"What makes you say that?"

"You buy people. Turn them into slaves. Slave owner is another profession that is very lucrative, but it will never be honourable either."

Leo chuckled and shook his head. "I disagree with you on this point, old friend. I know slavery as well as the next person. Slaves are people ripped from their homes and countries, taken far away where they are forced to work for no wage and do exactly as they are told upon threat of physical violence, starvation, or death."

Finley nodded.

"That is not what I do."

"You don’t abduct people and rip them from their homelands. Instead, they come to you of their own free will. Like flies to honey, they approach and ask for money. Which you give to them, for a price."

"That is how the business works. They ask for my money and, if I like the risks, then I agree to give it to them for a time. Many use the money to help themselves. Slaves could never hope to be free or do better. My loans offer that opportunity for people who would otherwise not have a chance to do more."

"Most do not use the money for good purpose."

Leo shrugged. "What they do with it is their concern. If they want to spend it on women, alcohol, gamble it away, or do any number of things with it, I don’t care. As long as they pay me back."

"With interest."

"Of course." Leo grinned. "Everything has a price."

Finley took a drink of coffee and looked at a picture hanging on the wall beside them.

"Listen. I do not make people good or evil. It isn’t my responsibility to save the world. My obligation is the same as every other individual born into this life: to be the best version of myself that I possibly can." Leo leaned back and spread his hands, raising his shoulders and eyebrows. "If I capitalize on what already exists in our world, fear, weakness, greed, and a myriad of other weaknesses, does that make me the problem and cause of these things? Of course not. Using your analogy, people are already slaves. I am simply offering them the opportunity to be slaves who enjoy life somewhat more than they would be able to without my help."

Finley looked at Leo and shook his head. "I care about you, Leo, and I am grateful for our relationship, but on this our opinions differ. I do not feel the same way as you, and I never will."

"That is entirely your right." Leo finished his coffee and stood. "All of us are slaves to commerce and our station in life. If you don’t agree, then stop selling your merchandise and see how life goes for you."

Finley opened his mouth to say something, but Leo reached out and grasped the man by the shoulder. "It was good to see you again. I will come by next week and bring treats for your new granddaughter."

Finley nodded. "I look forward to your visit."

***

Leo exited the coffeehouse and made his way down the street. After walking a block, he looked to his left and saw Mouse walking alongside.

"How did it go?" Mouse asked.

"As you said it would."

"I’m sorry."

"That’s okay. I had to try." Leo reached into his coat pocket and withdrew an envelope with Finley’s name written on it in calligraphy. He handed it to Mouse. "Burn this for me. Finley will not be invited to the meeting tonight."

"Just the five of us, then?"

Leo chuckled. "Good guess. Yes. Just the five of us."

"Want to tell me what this meeting is about?"

"No, Mouse. You’ll have to wait and see. Just like everyone else."





41

Leo opened the door and looked into the dark hallway, smiling at the four men who waited outside. "Come in and take a seat, gentlemen."

Leo walked to the rectangular wooden table and sat down at the head chair. Mouse and Stick sat on his left while Oak and the doctor took the seats on his right. The small room was located underneath one of the buildings owned by Leo. Guttering light flickered from torches placed in black iron holders in the flagstone walls around the room’s perimeter. Four brown leather bags, each closed securely by a piece of gold wire sat on the table in front of each of the four men.

"I have never been one for ceremony," Leo said, "but tonight must contain a small touch of formality. In order to keep this brief, I ask that you listen quietly and not interrupt with questions."

He paused and each man nodded. "The bags in front of you are filled with platinum coin and, as of this moment, they belong to you. Congratulations, gentlemen, you are now wealthier than most monarchs. Your children’s children need never work a day in their lives to earn money."

Leo watched their reactions, smiling as even Mouse raised his eyebrows in surprise. "The primary reason for an average person’s entire existence, from the time they are born until they die, is to earn enough money to meet the demands of life. Now that this is no longer a concern for you I ask the question: what will you do for the remainder of yours?"

Leo stood and walked to a small table in the corner which held a crystal decanter filled with dark red wine and five glasses. He carried the items back to the table, setting a glass in front of each man and filling them. "I see the world differently than most." He raised his glass. "When I look at this city, kingdom, country, and even the world as a whole, I see room for improvement. I have a vision for a new way, a new world order. I plan to change the world, and I would have you help me do it.

"My goal is lofty and will require decades, perhaps centuries to bring about. I invite you and your ancestors to join me in this endeavour. If you would join the cause, then drink with me now."

There was no hesitation, no exchange of glances between the men assembled. As one, they stood, raised their glasses, and drank.

Leo drained his glass and set it on the table, smiling as he moved to hug each of them before returning to his chair. "Secrecy in our mission is key, perhaps the most difficult, yet important thing to maintain. Only the head of each of our families can ever know the burden that we have agreed to carry this night. Am I clear on this?"

Everyone nodded.

"Well then." Leo smiled and leaned back in his chair. "That covers the formal part of this meeting. This group may end up growing as time passes. In my mind, I see thirteen chairs around a table, but our numbers will grow when the time is right. For now, we begin with fiveÉlua, which is a number of good omen."

"Élua?" The doctor stroked his beard. "That is an ancient word meaning‘chosen’, if I am not mistaken."

Leo poured more wine. "You’re correct, Doctor. It is a name that suits us well, I think."





42

Prince Adam entered the dining room and walked to a small, ornate bar placed against one wall of the room. "Good evening, Father. Can I pour you a drink?"

King Edward looked up from reading on the couch and smiled at his son, raising an empty crystal glass and shaking it so that the ice cubes made a soft clinking sound. "Another drink sounds perfect."

The prince smiled, poured two drinks, and then joined his father, setting one glass onto a table before he plopped down into a chair and exhaled slowly. "What a day I’ve had. How about you, Father? Any excitement in your world?"

The king closed the book and tossed it onto the cushions beside him, then reached for the fresh drink and took a sip. "Nothing terribly exciting for me." He leaned back and rested the drink on the arm of the couch. "Tell me about your day."

"I spent the morning with Leo and Doc Johnston, discussing their progress with clearing Drannock. It is going remarkably well, by their estimates."

The king closed his eyes and shook his head.

"What?"

"You seem to be spending a lot of time with Leo Wrathson."

"No more than one would expect."

"I disagree."

Prince Adam sipped his drink. "I introduced him before entering into this venture, Father, and you had final agreement before I offered him the deal."

"You didn’t offer him the deal, son. You accepted his offer, which"—he raised a hand to stop Adam from interrupting—"I did agree with. Drannock has been an inhospitable island since my grandfather’s reign. Finding someone willing to clear the trees and use the land for growing a crop which can earn tax revenue is an excellent solution for that otherwise barren land. The deal falls more on Leo and the doctor’s side when it comes to positive outcome, but we prosper in the long term as we still own the land which will be clear and levelled when it reverts back to us. Overall, I am pleased with the arrangement."

"Good." Prince Adam nodded. "Then I’m not sure why you are displeased that I spend a bit of time with him."

The king paused, placed one hand on his chest, and smiled. "I am getting old."

"You are not—"

"Approaching my seventieth year." He shook his head. "Which is old, especially by royal standards. It is a testament to both my reign and the times that we find ourselves living in that I have not been assassinated by now." He grinned and leaned forward to tap his son’s leg. "You are a good son. If I lived to be a million years old and have a thousand children, I could never hope for better."

"I can say the same about you as a father. I hope that I am as good to my children as you have been to me."

"I’m sure you will be." He raised one eyebrow. "My main goal now is to stay alive long enough to see grandchildren born."

"I will get to work on that soon."

"Promise?"

"I do."

"Good."

"Now back to the subject at hand," Prince Adam said. "Why do you object to my spending time with Leo?"

"I am old," the king repeated. "Which means that I have experience with people and personalities. Yes, Leo Wrathson is a pleasant young man. He is extremely intelligent and clever."

"For a commoner?"

"For anyone." The king stroked his grey beard. "During my reign, I have always favoured subjects on merit instead of solely on class as other kingdoms are wont to do. The prosperity of this land during my time as king originates from that fact above all others, in my opinion."

"Then what is it about Leo that bothers you?"

"Instinct. And recognition."

"What do you mean?"

The king drained his glass and placed it on the table. "Leo has the bearing and manner of royalty himself. He claims to be a street rat, but I’ve spent enough time around rulers and leaders to recognize an equal when I meet them."

"That is interesting." The prince sipped his drink. "Do you think he is a threat to the kingdom?"

"No, but I do think that—" The king stood and chuckled. "Never mind. When I try to speak the words they sound absurd."

The prince followed his father to the dinner table and took his seat. "I value your experience and opinions, Father. Tell me true. Do you think Leo is a danger to the welfare of our kingdom?"

"Likely not."

"That does not sound very convincing."

The king picked his napkin from the table and draped it across his lap. "My gut tells me that Leo will prosper, and those around him will do the same. He outgrows the alleys and will soon set his sights on bigger hunting grounds, if he has not already. I believe that, in time, he will outgrow our kingdom and move past that as well. There will come a time when he either challenges you or he leaves. I caution you to remain distant enough that, should the situation arise, you are able to see it and eliminate him."

"I place the welfare of the kingdom above all else, Father. Never doubt that. I like Leo, but would not hesitate to crush him if he became dangerous."

"I know that is true, my son, but it is my job to warn you when I see potential difficulty."

Prince Adam nodded. "What would you have me do, then?"

"Use him as he will use you. Befriend him and spend time with him if you are so inclined. I bring this up mainly so that I can warn you. Never forget who Leo is or where his ultimate loyalty lies."

"With himself."

King Edward nodded. "There is much profit and success that can come from flying beside a dragon as it hunts. But one must always remember that the dragon’s flame eventually burns everything in its path, including his companions."

"The dragon’s fire burns all but the dragon itself."

"Just so, my son. Others may call him a lion, but when I look at Leo, I see a dragon."





43

Doc Johnston pushed open the door of the coffeehouse and strode in, pushing back the hood of his cloak and brushing dust from his arms.

"Welcome back, Doc." Syntha stepped away from the bar where she stood with Leo and approached the older man. "You must be hungry." She helped him remove the dirty outer robe. "Can I bring you something to eat?"

"No thank you, my girl." The doctor rubbed his beard and adjusted the small pack hanging from a leather strap around his shoulder.

"I made a fresh batch of dumpling stew."

The doc patted his belly and laughed. "You know I can’t resist a bowl of your specialty. Let’s grab a seat. My legs and feet are exhausted."

"You’ve been travelling on the ocean for days now." Leo walked past them and headed toward the rear booth. "Did you get hit by that storm last night?"

"Yes." The doctor lifted the pack from his shoulders before sitting. "Syntha, can you be a dear and brew this up for us, please. You remember how, right?"

"Of course." She took the package and kissed the old man on the cheek. "This is exciting."

"I hope it doesn’t end up tasting bitter." The doctor leaned back, sighing as he closed his eyes.

Leo frowned. "Is that a possibility?"

The doctor grinned and looked at his younger friend. "No. The man Ricin sent to us is one of the best xai growers in their land. We are making history, lad. Your beautiful girl is brewing the very first xai which has been planted, grown, harvested, and cured outside of Kandar in over two thousand years."

A few minutes later, Syntha appeared and set a pot and three cups on the table before sitting beside Leo.

"Thank you, my dear." The doctor reached for the pot and poured the reddish gold liquid into the mugs. They each selected a cup and tried the drink.

"It’s incredible." Syntha smiled.

"I agree." Leo nodded. "It’s perfect. You are about to become a very wealthy man, Doc."

The doctor laughed. "A young friend of mine took care of that some time ago, but you are right. This is going to change the world that we live in. People will taste xai and quickly make it their drink of choice."

"And we are the only ones who can deliver the product." Leo put his arm around Syntha and winked at her.

"Until someone steals a few beans." Syntha brought the cup close to her nose and sniffed. "And does to you what you did to Kandar."

The doctor shook his head. "That will be very difficult. Only a handful of people know where we are growing it, and all of them profit from keeping the details secret."

"What about the workers?"

"They live on the island year-round. Any who leave are searched thoroughly so that we are certain that no one has seeds on them."

"A detection spell?" Syntha sipped the xai and closed her eyes.

"Yes."

"I can assure you that demand will outpace supply."

"A good problem to have." Leo pushed his cup away. "I suggest introducing the drink through our coffeehouses. What do you think, love?"

Syntha reached for the pot and refilled her cup. "I think that our establishments will be the first xai houses in the country and businessmen will come from all over to buy our product for their own shops."

The doctor chuckled. "Build ships faster, Leo. Very soon we will have enough money to outfit and send explorers to all corners of the world."

"Just so, Doc. One venture will fund the next, and each will generate tremendous profit."





44

Leo and Christoph sat quietly while the doctor stood over the large kitchen table and examined the drawings spread over its surface.

"Interesting," the doctor muttered before pushing one sheet aside to better see one below it. "Are these drawings to scale?"

"Yes."

"Fascinating." The doctor selected another page and studied it, his lips moving as his eyes darted between measurements.

Leo looked at Christoph and smiled. "I told you he would like them."

"Like them?" The Doctor shook his head as he sat in the chair closest to him. "I love them. I have never seen build plans for a ship such as these."

"That is because no such ship has been built," Christoph said. "Yet."

"You’re confident that it will be able to do as you claim?"

"Sail against the wind, yes."

The doctor laughed and rapped a knuckle against the table. "You say that as if saying how many lumps of sugar you take in your coffee. The ability to sail into the wind will make these ships more manoeuvrable than any other vessel on the water. The possibilities for new exploration, agility in water battle, and so many other areas are overwhelming."

Christoph smiled. "Just so, Doctor."

"Leo tells me that you are the son of a freight captain."

"Yes, sir. I have spent my life working on my father’s vessels."

The doctor pointed at the pages on the table. "What does he think of these?"

"I wouldn’t know."

The doctor tilted his head and peered at Christoph over the rim of his glasses. "You haven’t shown him?"

"He’s seen other designs before. All he ever does is crumple them up and yell at me to get back to work."

"Ridiculous."

Christoph shrugged and looked at his feet. "I am his fifth-born son."

"Ah." The doctor shook his head. "I am sorry to hear that, lad. If you had been born first or second, you would inherit and your opinion would hold more sway with your father, most like."

"About that." Leo stood and went to the other side of the table, standing across from Christoph. "I think the time has come to make you an offer."

"An offer?"

"Yes. An alternative to living out your days working for your father and then brothers."

"I’m listening."

Leo laughed. "Of that, I am certain. I would like to offer you a position in my organization."

"What position is that?"

"Élu."

"You meanÉlua?" the doctor asked.

Leo scowled and shook his head. "Élu means‘selected’in an old tongue, Christoph. In my growing empire, it is a title which will not be given to many, but those who possess it will prosper greatly. You have been selected and carefully chosen for this, and my invitation will be extended only once."

"How does it work?" Christoph asked.

"I require loyal, specialized people in many different fields of expertise. As it stands, you are skilled in the field of ship design and seafaring. Over the next few years, I intend to build a sizeable fleet of ships."

"And you would allow me to pilot one?"

"No."

Christoph’s eyes widened. "Captain one?"

Leo chuckled and nodded towards the drawings on the table. "You think too small, my friend. I want the ships in my fleets to be of your design."

"Truly?"

"Of course, and I would also expect you to own and command at least a dozen ships on my behalf. Over time, with profits from your journeying, you could buy the ships from me and own them outright. I am offering you a chance to prosper and become wealthy. Far wealthier than your brothers will ever be."

Christoph frowned and then, slowly, he smiled. "I accept your offer without hesitation, Leo. What do I do to become anélu?"

"First, you must swear an oath of fealty to me."

"Done."

Leo raised a hand. "This is a serious matter, Christoph. I require a blood oath of the highest order. Swearing it will command loyalty to me above all others, including family."

The young man nodded.

"I am building a vast dynasty that will endure over the centuries. I need help, and it is theélu who will provide it. Generations from now, your children’s children will be among the world’s richest citizens and it will be a result of the decision you make today."

Christoph frowned. "It seems like a grand plan, sir, but I’m not sure I can help you as much as you think."

"I am certain that you can"—Leo smiled—"or we would not be having this conversation. Do as I ask and you are one of us. I will ask many things of you, and I expect your best effort in every endeavour."

"I can promise to do that."

"Good." Leo nodded. "When you pass leadership of your family on to an heir, they must swear the same binding oath for their lifetime."

"Okay . . ."

"And the heir after that, for as long as your line should exist."

"Swear to you, specifically? How would they do that?"

"To my ancestors. This bond will exist through the ages, unbroken between your family and mine."

"I can agree to this." Christoph looked down at the ground and rubbed the back of his neck. "But I can’t speak for generations that don’t exist yet."

"That is fine. When the time comes, it will fall on those who follow to ensure the bond is kept. If it is ever broken . . ." Leo spread his hands and then clapped them together, making Christoph jump. "Then your line will forfeit all they have built and gained over the years. Your wealth and assets will revert back to my family."

"Oh."

"It is fair, is it not? If you prosper because of me, then turning your back on my family should also cause you to give back what was given."

"It does make sense."

Leo steepled his hands and tapped his lips.

"It does," Christoph repeated.

"I want you to clearly understand what I am offering and what I expect in return."

"I think you have made it clear."

Leo ignored the other man’s statement. "If you becomeélu and I command you to kill someone, then that is what you must do."

Christoph’s brows furrowed and he stood. "What? Now listen here, Leo. I know you’re a powerful man and I really want to join you—"

Leo’s tone remained calm. "If I tell you to burn your house down, then you will."

Christoph pursed his lips and looked first at Leo, then the doctor.

"Life is harsh. You can exist for the remainder of your years as you are now, working for nothing and waiting to die alone and poor, or you can agree to my terms and become one of the ruling elite, answerable only to me."

"And the law."

Leo smirked. "Of course. The law."

Christoph sat down and sighed. "I’m not sure I could do the things you describe."

Leo leaned forward to touch Christoph’s shoulder. "I know that you could. This is a serious partnership which goes both ways. I do not expect to ever have to utter such heinous commands. If you becomeélu, I will make you rich and powerful beyond your wildest dreams, you and every otherélu who join me. I will sacrifice my life, and the lives of my children, and theirs, for eternity, in order to give you prosperity. You must believe me in this."

Christoph looked Leo in the eyes and, after a moment, he nodded. "I believe you."

"In return for my commitment, I must demand the same level of dedication."

Moments passed as the three men sat in silence. Finally, Christoph sighed and stood, extending one hand. "I agree to your conditions. I would join you and becomeélu."

Leo stood and laughed as he pulled the other man into a hug. "This is excellent news. I am most pleased." He slapped Christoph’s back and then released him. "Alone, we are vulnerable, but together we are strong."

Christoph smiled. "Let me know when you would like to perform the ceremony. I will be ready."

Leo grinned and reached down to pull a knife from his boot. "We will do it now."





45

The tiny bell attached to the door rang and the baker leaned away from the large pile of dough he was kneading. "I’ll be out in a moment. We have a special on sticky buns with almond icing this morning, if you’re interested."

A few seconds later, Leo strolled into the kitchen, ripping off a small piece of sticky bun and popping it into his mouth. "You still make the best sticky buns, Noah."

"And there he is!" The baker reached for a towel and wiped his hands before embracing his visitor in a hug that made Leo gasp for breath.

"You’re breaking me."

"Nonsense. You’re a long way from the skinny young whelp I remember. I have your order ready and sitting on the counter. I expected one of your people to pick it up."

"I wanted to come myself. I have a present for you."

Noah laughed. "You must be confused, my boy. It is your birthday today, not mine. How old are you again? I apologize for not remembering, but the small details sometimes escape me as I age."

"Twenty-seven."

"Incredible. I likely say it too much, but I’m so proud of who you are and what you’ve become, Leo."

"Thank you."

"You know I mean it."

"I do." Leo reached into his pocket and held out a small envelope.

"What’s this?"

"Open it and find out."

Noah ripped the paper and tipped a single iron key onto his palm. "A key?"

Leo nodded.

"What does it open?"

"The front door to your new home."

"What are you talking about?"

"You are alone and work hard. I know you refused my offer to help a few years ago, but it is time for you to retire and enjoy life. If you will let me, I would like to return the kindness you showed me eleven years ago. With interest."

"Eleven years ago," the baker shook his head. "Time races away from us when we aren’t looking, doesn’t it?"

"It does."

"This gift is not necessary, Leo. It was never expected."

"Which makes the gift more special. That key will unlock the door to your new home, complete with servants and every comfort you could hope for." Leo smiled and nudged the older man’s arm. "If it lacks anything you desire, be sure to let the servants know and they will get word to me."

"I can’t accept this."

"You can and you will. Inside your house there will be a chest filled with gold. A small chest, but enough gold to keep you going. Should you run out, I will give you more."

The baker raised a hand to wipe tears from his eyes. He took a deep breath and then hugged Leo. "I cannot thank you enough, lad. Truth be told, I am beginning to tire of this daily routine." He looked around the kitchen. "I had hoped to pass this along to Alex, but when he left and never returned . . . I did my best to love and raise him after his mother died and it hurts my heart that he never seemed to love me back."

"I’m sorry for that."

"Thank you." Noah wiped his eyes and looked at the clock on the wall. "You’re going to be late for your party."

"Then I’m late. That should be a perk on one’s own birthday."

"But to keep the prince waiting?" The baker shook his head. "On my account? I would never forgive myself." He walked to the other side of the counter and picked up a large package. "Your cake is in here and it is spectacular, if I do say so. There’s no way you can carry this all the way to the palace by yourself."

"The party is not at the palace, it’s at the wharf." Leo grinned. "And I brought helpers. They are waiting for me out front."

"Good, then you can still arrive at your party on time." The baker nudged him towards the door. "Off you go, then. Happy birthday to you. Come by soon to take me to my new house."

"I will return at the beginning of the week."

The baker stopped and frowned. "Where is this new house? The country or in the city?"

Leo laughed. "You think on it and decide. When you do, then I will make the purchase."

"You have too much money for your own good, lad."

Leo winked at the baker as he opened the door with one hand while balancing the cake with his other. "I’ve only just begun to make money, sir."





46

Leo’s birthday party was a grand event.

People came from districts all over the city to attend, filling the streets of the wharf district with a tremendous crowd of men, women, and children. Everywhere one looked, hands held cups filled with drink while jugglers, street performers, and bands played on sidewalks throughout the entire area as citizens came together and toasted to the health of their good friend and host, Leo Wrathson. Of the thousands assembled, less than a hundred people were lucky enough to receive handwritten invitations. These individuals were allowed access to the water’s edge where large pavilions had been erected.

An hour before dinner was to be served, Prince Adam arrived and was escorted to Leo’s pavilion located on the dock’s edge overlooking the bay. Leo stood and bowed before the prince while those watching commented in hushed tones at the great friendship between the two powerful men.

"Quite the party you’re throwing today, Leo." Prince Adam looked around pointedly before sitting in the luxurious chair beside Leo’s. He glanced out at the bay. "And an impressive fleet has come to celebrate as well. Are those your new ships?"

"They are, Your Grace. What do you think of them?"

The prince nodded. "A smart-looking vessel, unlike anything I have ever seen."

"I have named it the Karval class ship. Its sail configuration and adjustability will allow sailors to trap even the smallest breeze to propel it forward while others sit dead in the water. Along with a shallow round bottom hull and sleek lines to run through the water efficiently, this vessel will allow exploration and movement in oceans, rivers, and along the coasts."

"I am jealous." The prince’s eyes moved from one ship to the next.

"No need to be, Your Grace. The ships in front of us belong to you."

"Truly?"

Leo smiled. "If you like. You are entitled to a portion of the lumber from Drannock Island, but if you would prefer ships made from that lumber instead of the actual materials, then I am happy to give you this first production batch."

Prince Adam’s eyes glittered as he looked back over the bay. "There are forty ships in front of me."

"Yes."

"With the amount of wood going into each ship—" The prince paused. "This would fulfill most of the lumber you owe the crown, if my calculations are correct."

"They are."

"You know I will tear one of these ships apart to understand how they are built."

"So that you can construct more for your fleets. I understand, Grace, and I’m happy to share my knowledge with you."

"There is much profit and success that can come from flying beside a dragon as it hunts."

Leo frowned. "I beg your pardon?"

Prince Adam laughed. "Something my father told me when I was younger. I would be pleased to accept these ships, Leo. Thank you."

"It is my pleasure."

"Your birthday party rivals mine from last year when Father proclaimed me Commander of the Royal Fleet."

"It was not my intent to throw something so large."

"Nevertheless, it speaks well of you."

"I am fortunate."

"I have brought you a gift." The prince reached into his breast pocket and removed a small rolled parchment.

"Our friendship is all the gift a man could ask for." Leo reached for the parchment and examined the royal seal for a moment before breaking it and unrolling the piece of paper.

"I agree, but I think you will like this gift as well. Read it."

Leo’s eyes widened as he read. "This is too generous."

"You like it?"

Leo laughed and read the words out loud. "The Crown hereby and from this day forward names Leo Wrathson Count of the kingdom, with all the privileges and amenities commensurate with said title." He looked at the prince. "You’ve turned a pauper into nobility, Your Grace."

"I think it more accurate to say that you have always been noble, Leo. Finally, the words match the deeds."

Leo bowed low, his arm sweeping downwards in a perfect court bow. "I thank you from the bottom of my heart, Prince Adam."

"And I welcome you from the bottom of mine, Count Leo."

Leo straightened and the prince stepped forward to embrace him. "Now, let us get drunk and celebrate the day as only young people are allowed."

The two men sat and drank wine, looking out over the harbour and new ships while the city danced and sang around them.





47

The trader knuckled his brow and tipped his head as he spoke. "I have news for you, sir."

"This is highly irregular." Lenidas ran a hand through his shoulder length blonde hair. "My time is too important to waste it meeting late at night in this area of the city."

The other man’s teeth appeared in the darkness as he smiled. "I found him."

Lenidas arched one eyebrow. "Leo?"

"Yes, sir."

"Tell me."

"One of my traders was passing through Castanell and they heard mention of him."

"I’m confused. You tell your workers to keep an eye out for a man in his mid-twenties named Leo?"

"Of course not. You clearly stated that I was to tell no one. I understand the price of breaking your trust and I’m too fond of this life to do so. I ask all of my people to bring me back stories and details from their travels regarding important businesspeople so that I might better gauge my competition in the world. I began the charade to search for Leo, but the practice has gained me much advantage in different trade markets."

Lenidas watched the man for a moment and then nodded. "Continue."

"This Leo matches your description perfectly."

"What did your people tell you?"

"Word is that his star is on the rise. He is friends with the prince."

"Is that so?"

"The man who reported this to me is very adept at gathering accurate information. Last year, he was responsible for learning about the failing wheat crops in Stansion which allowed me to bring wheat to the area before any of my competitors and make a substantial—"

"I don’t care. What else did he say about Leo?"

"Only that he is friends with the prince and a moneylender who is earning significant profit from the region. I did not ask for anything more for fear of appearing too interested. I assure you that I have told no one of your interest—"

Lenidas lifted one hand and made a silencing motion. "I believe you." He reached into his pocket, withdrew a gold coin, and handed it to the man. "You have done well."

The man accepted the coin with a smile. "Thank you, sir. If I learn more I will bring the information to you immediately."

"That won’t be necessary. Now that I know where he is, I will visit Leo in person."





48

Leo smiled as he watched Syntha walk towards him.

"What are you grinning at?" She set two cups of water onto the table and sat in the booth beside him, pushing her body close as she reached for a fork and began to cut the meat on her plate.

"You’re beautiful."

"I know."

"And modest."

She rolled her eyes and took a bite. "Guilty as charged."

"I must apologize."

"For what?" She reached for her drink and took a sip.

"We have been together for many years and I have not asked you to marry me."

Syntha chuckled. "We’ve been busy, and I’m not the normal type of girl who believes the only reason to exist is to get married, Leo."

"This I know."

"We’ve built and staffed five coffeehouses since we became partners."

"We have."

Syntha snorted. "Exactly. Don’t apologize for not proposing. Instead, worry about making amends for leaving me to do all the dirty work while you stroll around the city and only appear when it’s time to divide the profit."

Leo laughed. "If I tried to be more active in this business, how would I fare?"

She kissed him on the cheek and went back to eating her meal. "You have a point there. I do appreciate your hands-off approach to our partnership." She grinned and rubbed her leg against his. "Or should I say, your ability to know when to be hands-on and when not to be."

Leo reached down and grabbed her leg. "We are a good team."

"The best."

"Still. I think we should make it official."

"Okay." She took another bite of food and chewed.

"I’m talking about marriage."

"Oh." She leaned back and frowned, then laughed and shook her head. "Of course that’s what you’re talking about."

"Are you ready to have kids?"

"You might have waited too long for that. I’m an old hag now. Likely barren as death comes knocking on my door."

Leo laughed and shook his head. "Stop it."

"Of course I’m ready for kids. As long as you don’t expect me to stop working."

"Not at all."

"All right then." She leaned over and kissed him on the lips, biting as she drew away. "Let’s get married."

"Big event or small?"

"I see no point in having a big celebration, unless you want one."

Leo shook his head.

"Okay then. Get the Doc to do the ceremony this week."

"Are you sure you don’t want a big party?"

"Future husband." She ruffled his hair. "It would disrupt our business and set our plans back by months just to have a silly party."

"It’s not romantic."

"Make up for that in the bedroom and I will call it a fair trade."

Leo grinned. "You have a deal."



***



Prince Adam began to climb the stairs to retire for the evening and sensed that something was wrong.

The torches are out.

He took the remaining steps two at a time and stopped at the top of the landing, listening for any sounds. Hearing none, he walked slowly toward his father’s chambers, reaching out to feel for the wall, inching forward until he felt a metal torch holder. The torch was nestled in place and it was still warm.

He pulled a chain from under his shirt to expose a pendant. It glowed with a soft blue light which penetrated the darkness and allowed him to see the hallway ahead.

"Damn it," he whispered.

Two guards lay a few feet away. He went to them. Their throats had been slit.

They didn’t draw their swords. There must be two attackers.

The prince drew a sword from one guard’s scabbard and a dagger from the other’s, then crept toward his father’s bedroom door.

He removed his pendant and listened. After a moment, he pushed it open with one hand while closing his eyes and tossing the blue gem into the room. As the chain lost contact with his hand, the gem flashed from blue to a bright yellow, lighting the room. Prince Adam opened his eyes and rushed in.

The prince’s eyes widened in horror. His father lay in bed, eyes wide and vacant, with a knife protruding from his throat as blood seeped out of the wound to form a large pool on the mattress around him.

The assassin was still in the room, struggling to force a window open to escape. Adam yelled and ran forward. When the attacker turned, his legs stopped working. All he could do was stand frozen and stare in disbelief.

Leo’s smirking face stared at him for a second before he turned away and leapt out of the open window. The prince regained control of his muscles and rushed to the window, leaning out in time to see the shadow of his friend grab onto a rope and swing silently to the ground.

"Assassin!" the prince yelled. "Someone on the ground stop him!"

The shadowed form touched the ground and ran away, disappearing into the darkness. A wave of dizziness overwhelmed the prince. His face became hot and he gasped for breath. His vision began to dim and he gripped the window sill, looking down at his feet and willing himself to stay conscious. After what felt like eternity, the feeling lessened. He turned and rushed to his dead father’s side, cradling the king’s head in his lap as he screamed for help.





49

Oak ran through the alley as fast as he could, pushing aside anyone slow enough to be in his way. He reached Lord Argon’s building and stopped to rap a sequence on the door which deactivated the magical wards protecting unwanted intruders from entering.

"Father!" He strode into the main hall and stopped.

"What?" Lord Argon’s groggy voice sounded from a room upstairs.

"We have trouble." Oak stood in front of the throne, his shoulders heaving as he took large gulps of air. As his breathing slowed, the large doors slammed open and Lord Argon came stalking in, his long black hair messy and strewn in different directions, a large black fur thrown around his muscled frame to cover his otherwise naked body.

"You have trouble." Argon’s voice was deep and his eyes were wide, making him appear more like a wild bear than man. "What in the nine hells has happened that you come storming into my lair in the middle of the night?"

"Leo has been arrested."

"What?" Argon shook his head and went to pour a glass of wine. "That makes no sense. He is established enough that no one would arrest him. Not in the middle of the night, at least."

"He’s been charged with killing the king."

Argon’s head snapped around to look at his son and he stopped pouring the wine. "The king is dead?"

Oak nodded. "Killed in his bed an hour ago by an assassin."

"And someone is claiming that Leo hired the killer?" Argon considered the glass in his hand for a moment before shaking his head and setting it down. He carried the decanter of wine to the throne and rested the large container on his lap.

"No." Oak sighed. "They are saying that Leo is the killer."

Lord Argon tilted his head back and roared with laughter. The sound filled the hall and echoed from the rafters. He stopped laughing and wiped tears from his eyes. "I don’t know what joke you have decided to play on me, boy, but it’s so absurd that I find it hard to remain angry with you."

"This is no joke, Father."

"It’s not?"

Oak closed his eyes and shook his head.

Argon stroked his beard. "Lissandra?"

"I am here, Lord." Her smooth voice sounded from behind him and she stepped forward from the shadows.

"Who makes this claim?" Argon asked.

"Prince Adam. He was in the room and claims that he saw Leo flee."

"This does not bode well for Leo." Argon reached out to touch Lissandra. She moved closer to his throne and placed one hand on his arm.

"They have Leo in custody," Oak said. "Mouse has gone to get the doctor and Stick is taking Syntha to someplace safe."

In the distance, the bells began to sound, signalling to the city that something terrible had occurred.

"What can I do to help?" Argon asked.

"Nothing can be done." Oak shrugged. "Prince Adam saw Leo in the room with his dead father. He’s a dead man. The smartest thing all of us can do is to distance ourselves from him so that we are not implicated as well."

"This makes no sense," Argon muttered. "Sure, I can see him planning to end the king’s life. There are always reasons for such moves."

Lissandra and Oak both nodded.

"But for him to do the deed himself? Leo is not that stupid."

"Leo did not kill the King."

Both men glanced at Lissandra. "Are you certain?" Oak asked.

"Without doubt."

"That’s excellent news."

"No, it isn’t." Argon tapped a finger against his forehead. "Lissandra’s testimony would not be accepted. The prince saw him in the room. No one will speak against him."

"Then he’s done for."

"Definitely."



***



"I want to see the prince!" Leo pressed his face into the bars of the small, dark cell.

"Shut yer mouth!" a guard shouted from the other end of the hall. "Or I’ll come in there and knock every one of your teeth out with my own fist. I swear by all the gods I will."

Leo tilted his head and leaned into the hard iron, willing himself to melt through the barrier and into the freedom of the hallway beyond. "If I could just talk to the prince"—his voice was a whisper—"I could prove I had nothing to do with this."

For the rest of the night, Leo listening quietly as the bells chimed.





50

Leo sat on the filthy ground in the corner of his prison. One torch guttered in the hallway, throwing dim light into the front part of his cell. Muffled sounds of dripping water and the scurrying of rats occasionally broke the silence.

A different sound reached his ears. "I thought you would’ve been to see me sooner," he said without bothering to turn his head.

"Is that so?" a woman’s voice replied from the darkness of the opposite side of the room. "I’m surprised you expected me to visit, considering I have never done so before."

"Lissandra?" Leo swivelled his head toward the sound of her voice.

She stepped from the shadows. "You were expecting your mouse friend?"

"I was."

"Lord Argon decided that Mouse’s talents were required elsewhere, so he sent me instead."

"What can you tell me? No one has said a word since arresting me."

"The king is dead and you are accused of killing him."

Leo raised one eyebrow and then nodded. "That’s a clever plan. Apparently I have smarter rivals than I thought. Who would be able to pull that off, I wonder."

"Pull what off?"

"Kill the king such that I was implicated."

Lissandra laughed and moved closer to him. "If this is a case of someone plotting against you then it can be only one person."

"Who?"

"The man who swears that he saw you in the room over the dead king."

Leo shook his head, unable to guess.

"Prince Adam."

"What? That’s not possible. I was never in the king’s room."

Lissandra shrugged. "The prince says that you were, and that’s all they need to execute you."

Leo crossed his legs and sat on the floor. "That makes no sense, unless someone used magic to look like me."

"The Council of Law scoured the entire area for scents of magic." She shook her head. "They found none."

"Perhaps they missed it."

"I checked as well. No magic was used."

Leo sighed and rubbed his face. "It wasn’t me. If there was no magic—". He stared at Lissandra, then stood. "Damn it! Of course. It makes perfect sense, how could I have missed it?"

"Missed what?"

"When do they plan to execute me?"

"Two days from now."

"There will be no trial, right?"

Lissandra shook her head. "With the prince testifying, there is no need for a trial. You will be drawn and quartered as the sun rises two days hence."

Leo pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes.

"You must come with me."

"Come where?"

"Away from the city."

"I can’t."

"You must, Leo. If you want to live, then you must run far away where Adam will not be able to touch you."

Leo’s eyes became hard and he shook his head. "My life is here. I have spent years building, and I will not begin again. I can’t begin again. There is no time to rebuild from scratch." He paused and then nodded. "Of course. That must be it."

"What?"

"Yes." A smile appeared on his face. Leo shook his head and laughed. "By the gods, it’s brilliant. I should have seen it sooner."

Lissandra frowned. "I’m surprised that the thought of execution excites you so."

"What?" He glanced at her as if he’d forgotten she was in the cell. He laughed again. "The thought of dying doesn’t excite me. Lissandra, I need your help."

"That’s why I am here."

"Bring Prince Adam to speak with me."

"If he hasn’t visited you by now, I doubt that he will."

"Someone must convince him to come here."

"He might try to kill you himself."

Leo laughed and shook his head. "He will release me if he wants to catch his father’s killer."

"Leo, you are raving. In the prince’s mind, you are the assassin."

"That’s right." Leo nodded. "I am."

"I don’t understand."

"You will eventually, but right now there’s no time to explain. If you possess any skills, use them to have the prince come speak to me."

Lissandra frowned, but nodded and stepped back into the shadows. She was gone.



***



Prince Adam slumped in a chair in his study, looking down at the full drink in his hand. He had not slept since his father’s death. Maybe alcohol will bring me some rest.

"Prince Adam?"

He sighed and looked up at the man standing in front of him. "Have you come to kill me, Mouse?"

"No, Your Grace."

"This is not a good time to sneak into the castle."

"I am only following orders. If I had come to kill you, we would not be speaking."

"Leo sent you?"

"Yes."

Prince Adam lifted the glass to his mouth and drained it. "Even locked away in the bowels of the earth, he can access help. Has he escaped, then?"

"No."

The prince glared at Mouse and then threw the glass against a nearby wall, standing as it shattered. "What then? What is it he wants now?"

Mouse expression remained calm. "He wants to speak with you, Your Grace."

"He was my friend." Adam spat the words and tears filled his eyes. "My friend, and he killed my father!"

"He did not."

"Lies!" The prince grabbed a small table and threw it against the wall. "I saw him flee as my father bled to death with a dagger in his throat." Hatred boiled in the prince’s throat as he took a step towards Mouse, his fists clenched. "He laughed at me, Mouse. He killed my father, the king, and then he laughed at me as he fled."

Mouse said nothing as the prince stood in front of him, his shoulders heaving with each angry breath. "I am sorry for your loss, Your Grace. King Edward was beloved by everyone in the kingdom. I have known Leo for many years, and I know him better than anyone. He did not commit this crime."

"You are loyal. I expect you to say that."

"Yes. I am loyal. If Leo were guilty, I would have helped him escape and flee by now."

The truth of the statement made Prince Adam pause. "That is true."

"Leo is as loyal to his friends as they are to him and he considers you to be a friend, Your Grace. He asks that you come meet with him. After speaking with him, if you still believe he is guilty, he says that he will gladly go to the executioner."

Prince Adam glared at Mouse. "You have delivered your message. I will consider it. Now go."

Mouse bowed and left.





51

Gerald, the prison guard, looked up from cleaning his fingernails with a dagger as the latch to the door rattled. He stood at attention as two royal guards entered, followed by Prince Adam.

"Hello, Your Grace," Gerald stammered. He was not used to being in the presence of such highborn people and the unannounced audience put him on edge. "I’m truly sorry for your loss." He winced. Shouldn’t be talking to the prince about his da, idiot. Now what do I say? "What I mean is—"

The prince held up one hand and nodded. "Thank you for your sympathy. I’m sorry to disturb you at such an early hour."

"Not at all, Your Grace." Gerald knuckled his forehead in a crude salute and then tried to bow, failing miserably. "What can I do for you?"

"I am here to see the prisoner."

"The assassin?"

"Yes."

"Oh." He fumbled for keys at his belt. "Of course. If you want to follow me, I will take you to him."

Prince Adam shook his head and stepped forward with one hand extended. "That won’t be necessary, guard. Hand me the keys and I will go to him."

"Alone?"

Prince Adam’s face was blank as he met Gerald’s eyes, his hand still outstretched and waiting.

"Um. Yes." The guard found the key and placed it in the prince’s hand. "Here you are, then. Go out that door." He pointed to a different door behind him. "Turn left. Follow the hall until the end and take the stairs all the way to the bottom floor. Go to the torch and he is in the cell near that."

Prince Adam nodded and walked to the door. His guards did not follow.

"He’s the only prisoner on that level," Gerald said as the prince vanished to the lower level. Gerald looked at the two guards. Their expressions were not friendly. "Did you boys want to sit down while you wait? Drink of coffee?"

The royal guards did not answer him.

"Okay then."



***



Gerald stood at attention as the Prince reappeared over an hour later.

"Is everything okay, Your Grace?"

"It’s fine." The prince returned the key to Gerald and moved for the exit. The guards fell into formation behind him.

Prince Adam opened the door and paused, turning to face Gerald. "Guard?"

"Yes, Your Grace?"

"Release the prisoner."

"I don’t think I heard you correctly, Grace. It sounded like you just said to release the assassin."

"That’s right." Adam nodded. "Let him go free."

"Um, okay, Your Grace. I will see to it after the paperwork is created and signed first thing in the morning."

"No. Do it now." The prince turned and strode through the door. His guards followed and closed the door behind them, leaving Gerald with his mouth open.

"Well." He sighed. "You heard the prince, Gerald. Let’s go release the assassin."





52

Finley looked up from his work and spotted a familiar face in the crowd.

"Leo!" he shouted, waving to get his friend’s attention, but Leo ignored him.

"Watch the stall for a moment." Finley removed his apron and tossed it onto the cart beside the apples.

"Yes, Da." His son continued to pick potatoes from a pile and place them into a bag for the customer standing in front of him.

Finley scanned the crowd and, after a moment, saw Leo far ahead of him. "Leo!" he shouted again. "Wait up for a moment."

This time, Leo seemed to hear him. He turned, made eye contact with Finley for an instant, then quickened his pace and disappeared into a nearby alley.

"What is that boy’s problem today?" Finley pushed through the crowd and made his way towards the alley. He entered the darkened area and, now that there was no crowd to slow him, began to jog to catch up. He had run no more than thirty steps when an arm reached out from behind and grabbed him by the throat, making him gasp for breath.

"What the—"

"Who are you?" a voice hissed into his ear. "And why are you following me?"

"Leo? Is that you?"

The arm lifted and Finley was pushed forward. He regained his balance and turned, smiling as he saw the other man’s face. "Thank goodness, it is you. When you grabbed me I was afraid that I mistook you for someone else."

Leo grinned. "I’m sorry, friend. My mind is groggy today." He tapped his head and shook it. "They beat me pretty bad in jail."

"I bet they did. When did you get out? How did you get out? Word on the streets is that Prince Adam saw you kill the king."

Leo chuckled. "He saw me do no such thing."

Finley sighed. "That’s a relief. Many believe that you did the deed, but I told them there was no way."

"Oh, I did it." Leo shrugged. "The prince did not see me, though."

"What?"

"The old man was already bleeding out." Leo wiggled his fingers near his throat and thrashed his head. "By the time the prince got there, I was standing at the window." He laughed. "So you see, the prince did not actually see me do anything."

Finley’s face paled. "You actually killed the king?"

Leo nodded.

"How did you escape, then?"

"They never caught me."

The street vendor frowned. "That’s not true. Everyone knows that you were imprisoned for the crime. They will execute you tomorrow or the next day."

"They will execute Leo."

Finley shook his head and took a step backwards. "I don’t know what you’re saying. Leo. Surely you are confused or unwell. Please stop talking this way and make sense."

Leo closed the distance between them and drew a knife. He stabbed Finley in the stomach, wrenching the blade upward so that the man’s entrails spilled out onto the ground.

Finley’s eyes widened as the knife came out. He fell to his knees, his mouth opening and closing as he stretched one hand out towards Leo’s feet. Moments passed while he writhed on the ground and turned his head slowly back and forth.

Leo watched him for a time. Then he crouched down and cleaned his blade on Finley’s shirt. He leaned close and spoke softly in Finley’s ear. "My name isn’t Leo,. "It’s Lenidas."





53

Leo stood on the dock in the shadows and waited until the last possible moment to board the ship. Two sailors leaned down and lifted the gangplank, raising the board and pulling it towards them as Leo dashed from the shadows.

"Wait! I’m here. Hold the plank." His feet touched the wooden board and forced it to the dock with a clank. The sailors swore while Leo hopped onto the deck. "Sorry‘bout that, boys."

"Ya near ripped our fingers off, lad." The older man shook his head and spat over the edge of the ship, some of his spit landing on Leo’s boots.

Leo smiled and slapped one of the men on the back. "Okay, I deserved that. Thanks for waiting. I would have been in a bad way if you’d taken off without me."

"Didn’t give us a choice," the second sailor muttered. "Who are you? Crew and passengers was all accounted for before we got the order to cast off."

"He’s a late add, boyos." The three turned and both sailors knuckled their brows.

"Aye, Captain. If you were expectin’him then he’s all yours."

"Wasn’t sure if he was coming or not," Christoph said. "Not that I have to explain myself to crew. Unless I’m no longer captain."

The men laughed and shook their heads. "You’re captain, that’s fer sure, Christoph."

"And a terrible one it seems." Christoph scowled and looked up at the main mast. "What crew calls their captain by name? Such disrespect. I should wait until we’re out to sea and throw the both of you overboard."

"That’s what comes from crewing a ship with friends who helped show you how to tie basic knots when ya were only a boy on yer da’s ship." The older crew member slapped Christoph on the shoulder as he moved past. "None of us may call you Captain all the time, but we are glad to be manning this ship with you at the head, lad."

Christoph smiled as the men disappeared. He approached Leo and clasped his forearm. "It’s good to see you alive. I thought for certain you were a goner."

"Officially, I am." Leo turned to look at the city as the ship drifted away from the dock.

"Who knows that you are alive?"

"You, the prince, and one other in the city."

"Élua?"

"Of course."

"Which one?"

Leo shook his head. "I think it best if I don’t tell you. The less you know, the safer you are."

"So you are to be a sailor."

"It would appear so." Leo pulled his hood back and look around the ship. "She is a beautiful vessel, Christoph."

"The flagship of your fleet."

"Where are we going?"

"Exploring. There is word of a land across the ocean twelve days north by sixty days west."

Leo frowned. "Sixty days without land in sight?"

Christoph laughed. "Only if all goes perfectly, which never happens at sea. I expect a longer trip by an additional thirty to fifty days."

"Impossible."

"Don’t worry. I have been busy these last few years exploring our way outwards. There are small islands at specific points where we can resupply. Only five or six days of the journey are uncharted at this point."

"You have never shared that information before."

"Of course I haven’t." Christoph scowled. "Code of the sea forbids such talk."

"What do you mean?"

"There are things which no sailor can divulge when they stand on land. This ensures that secrets of the water remain just that, secret from those who can never understand or use them."

"Interesting."

"Indeed."

"What do you hope to find in this undiscovered country?"

"Gold and riches." Christoph’s eyes glittered in the starlight. "If we find the fabled land, we will be rich beyond measure."

Leo raised one eyebrow.

Christoph laughed. "Richer, then. Tell me, Leo, how would you like to spend your time on this journey?"

"I want you to turn me into a sailor."

"A lifetime of learning packed into less than a year?"

"I’m a good student."

Christoph laughed. "And this ship is filled with excellent teachers. Alright then, if’tis a life of struggle and salt you crave, then we can provide such. Let’s get you settled in with the regular men. Tomorrow your education begins."





54

Lord Argon sat on his throne and stared at his son, Oak, who stood before him with head hung low.

"Leo is dead?"

Oak nodded without raising his eyes.

Argon leaned forward and rested his elbows against his knees before sighing and running a hand through his beard. "How?"

Oak walked to the table and sat. "In the middle of the night, two guards entered his cell and beat him to death. His face was unrecognizable."

Argon took a drink of wine and winced. "This tastes like ash." He threw the mug against a wall, not bothering to watch as it struck with a bang and dropped to the ground. Argon shook his head. "He will be missed."

"He will be missed?" Oak looked up, the sadness on his face clearly visible. "He will be more than that, Father. You chose me to succeed you. I know how much gold and platinum comes to you from Leo’s network." He snorted and looked down at his fist, clenching it. "He will be more than missed, Father. His death will affect this land more than the King’s."

Argon looked up at the ceiling and blinked. "The boy was brilliant, Oak. You know how his business ran as well as you do mine. His network runs smoothly, each step of the entire system controlled by a different person who profits directly from how they handle their portion of the business." Argon shook his head. "No, much of what Leo built will continue to thrive and grow even without him. In the short term, at least. The danger will be to anyone who wants to claim leadership of the entire operation."

"Succession is already outlined," Oak said.

"Really?" Argon raised one eyebrow. "How do you know that?"

Oak paused and then shook his head.

"Keeping secrets from your father? Perhaps I should reconsider who takes this throne when I am ready to retire."

Oak shrugged and Argon smiled for a moment before laughing. "No, you are the wolf to lead when the time comes. Keep your secrets. I can only hope they do not jeopardize the kingdom that I have built. If they do . . ." He shrugged.

"The world was destined to be a better place with Leo at the helm," Oak said.

"It seems that destiny did not agree." Argon stood and walked to the end of the table, rapping its surface with one knuckle. "Leo’s operation continues to run. Make certain that someone delivers the stack of coins regularly. I am still entitled to my tribute."

Oak stood. "I will see to it." He left the room and Argon continued to stare at the empty table.

"You talk a brave game, Lord." Argon looked up to meet Lissandra’s eyes as she reclined on his throne, her legs draped over one armrest as she used the other for her head. "But I hear pain in your voice."

"You know me too well. I have allowed you to become my weakness."

"Everyone has weakness, Lord."

He bowed his head. "I will miss him."

Lissandra smiled but said nothing.



***



The doctor sat in the corner of his study, head bowed, a drink in his hand. The room was dark and silent.

"Hello, Doc."

"Mouse."

"You’ve heard the news?"

"Yes."

"The others want to know how we should proceed."

The doctor took a sip of whiskey. "What others?"

"TheÉlua."

"Why ask me?"

"You are senior."

"In age, only."

"Leo made it known who would be in charge during periods of his absence."

"Not to me, he didn’t."

"It’s dark, but picture me shrugging."

The doctor chuckled. "We should spend some time mourning him, don’t you think?"

"In our manner, yes."

"He would not waste time sitting in the dark sulking, would he?"

"No."

"I was hoping you were here to tell me that you helped him escape and it is some unknown body in that cell while he is alive and free somewhere."

"That is a pleasant thought to have, Doc, but we living must continue to live. That is the way of the Alley."

"I am not of the Alley."

"You were."

The doctor took another drink. "How do you know that?"

"I spend a lot of my time being silent and watching, Doc. I discover much that way."

"It also makes you good at keeping secrets."

"Just so."

"Call a meeting, then."

Mouse did not reply. After a few moments, the doctor shrugged and went back to contemplating his drink in the darkness.





55

Stick squatted on the flattened space of dirt, leaning against the wooden wall while he waited for the rest period to be over. He smiled at the young woman beside him, taking notice of her breathing and sweat. She stared at two fighting sticks lying on the ground in front of her. "You are improving," he said.

She shook her head and picked up one of the sticks, a piece of hard wood twenty-eight inches long and one inch in diameter. "This is much different from the staff."

"It is."

She opened her hand and let it drop to the dirt. "I don’t like them."

"They are necessary," Stick said. "You will not always have the luxury of space where you can wield the staff."

"Then I will move to ground where I can wield it."

Stick laughed. "It is time to grow up, child. If you cannot stand and fight wherever battle finds you, then one day you will lose." He nodded at the staffs leaning against a nearby wall. "You are good enough with that to no longer need a teacher."

The girl raised her eyebrows and smiled. "Truly?"

Stick nodded. "All that remains is for you to learn to use the sticks as well. Do that, and you will be ready for me to set you loose on the world."

"Fine." She retrieved the sticks from the dirt and moved to the centre of the practice circle, her hair shining gold in the late morning sunlight as she turned to face him. "Teach me."

Stick grinned and stood. He looked past her and his grin widened. "Give me a few more minutes, lass. I’ve got company."

The girl turned and waved to Mouse before jogging to a different ring to practice on her own.

Stick did not speak until his friend was standing beside him. "How are things, Mouse?"

"Interesting."

"How so?"

"I just saw a ghost."

"Really? Who?"

"Leo."

"That’s not funny."

Mouse was silent.

"He’s been dead for two months now. I think all of us have thought we’ve seen him in the distance once or twice since then. It’s normal."

"I did more than see him from a distance in a crowd. I followed him and got close."

"Really?"

Mouse nodded.

"Did you speak with him?"

"No."

"Why not?"

"He threw me off."

"How?"

Mouse’s cheeks flushed. "I think he saw me."

Stick stared at his friend for a moment, then laughed. "Okay, very funny. You had me going with the story up to that point, but there’s no way anyone would see you if you wanted to remain hidden."

Mouse shrugged. "Maybe I wanted him to catch a glimpse of me. To see if he reacted."

"And did he?"

"Not that I could see."

"Where did you see him?"

"The silk district."

"We don’t go there often. At least I don’t."

"Same. I made a new contact and was doing some background research. He—Leo—was strolling through the silk stalls." Mouse frowned. "It was almost as if he didn’t care if anyone recognized him."

"You’re not making sense." Stick picked a discarded staff from the ground and rested it against the wall. "If it were Leo, which it wasn’t, and anyone recognized him, he would be arrested immediately."

"This city is very large. Someone could live in one district their entire life and not be seen by others living on the other side of the city."

"True, but that’s not Leo’s way, is it? To be unobtrusive."

"No."

Stick walked to a shaded area and poured water from a clay jug. He drained the mug and sighed. "Well, I suppose we should go meet him and see if it is Leo or not."

"It is."

"If it is him, then I have some serious questions for him."





56

Doctor Johnston drummed his fingers against the hard wooden surface for a span of three breaths, then looked at each of theÉlua in turn before settling his gaze on Mouse. "You met with him and are absolutely positive that it’s Leo?"

"Yes . . . ."

"You don’t sound positive."

"He looks and talks like Leo."

"But?"

Mouse nodded at Stick. "You say it better than I do."

Stick sat back, arms crossed and legs stretched out with his boots resting on the table. "He doesn’t move the same way he used to."

The doctor frowned. "What do you mean?"

Mouse nudged Oak in the ribs. "Wait‘til you hear this."

"If you don’t agree with me"—Stick removed his feet from the table and looked at Mouse—"then say so."

"Just because I don’t see it, that doesn’t mean it isn’t there. This is your specialty and I bow to it." Mouse sniffed and pulled at a thread on his cloak. "I think we need more to go on, that’s all."

"Tell me what you saw, Stick."

"He handled a pen differently."

"The actual script?"

"No. His signature looks the same as it always has, and it’s not an easy one to forge. It’s the way he holds the instrument, how the muscles of his fingers flex and relax. It looked heavier in his hand than it used to." Stick laughed and shook his head. "I know it sounds ridiculous, but everything was going fine and then I saw him write a message. Something inside me screamed something was wrong."

The doctor leaned forward to rest his elbows on the table and rubbed his head. "It’s not ridiculous."

"No?"

"Well, it is." The others around the table chuckled. "But the thought does possess merit, and I have heard stranger examples of instinct kicking in to alert a person of danger." He looked up and nodded at Stick who grinned and reached out to slap Mouse playfully. "What was his reason for disappearing and not letting any of us know that he was alive?"

"Leo says that the opportunity to escape presented itself and he had to act quickly. He was alone with the guard for only a few moments. He killed the man and destroyed the poor fellow’s face. Then he changed clothes and hoped that the others would think it was him on the ground."

"That seems to have worked."

Mouse nodded. "Then he took the guard’s keys, went down to the lower level of cells, and hid while the commotion above subsided. The next night, Leo says he snuck out and made his way out of the district. He had a safe house set up on the far side of the city and he has been hiding out there while things die down."

"No one recognizes him?"

"He told us that years ago he started to make visits to the silk district under a different name. He has property there, a house, even servants."

"What name?"

"Lenidas."

The doctor smiled. "Different but similar. Leo and Lenidas are both examples of the word‘lion’, from old languages."

Oak laughed. "Did Lord Argon know that?"

"Perhaps, why?"

"He has always called Leo a young lion."

Stick sniffed. "You don’t need to speak an old language in order to call him that. Anyone who has seen one of the great cats would recognize the same style of movement in Leo. Lenidas as well."

The doctor tilted his head toward Stick. "You don’t think this is Leo?"

"I don’t know, Doc." The young man exhaled and looked up at the ceiling. "It’s possible that he moves different because he is pretending to be someone else."

"You don’t buy that, though?"

"If anyone could do it, then it would be Leo, but I have learned that body language is impossible to alter completely. A trace of the original style always remains."

"I see." The doctor looked around the table. "So either Leo is alive, or there is an imposter pretending to be him. What we believe depends on how much merit we place in the way he holds a pen."

"I’ve known him longer than anyone." Oak scowled. "I say that Doc and I go see him and make our own opinions."

"I agree," Mouse said.

"Absolutely." Stick nodded.

"Don’t worry." The doctor reached into his breast pocket, withdrew a pen, and held it up for the rest to see. "If he’s perfect to us in every other way, we will replicate your test and see what we think."

Mouse laughed and Stick smiled.





57

Leo sat in the crow’s nest, eyes closed as he huddled beneath a heavy woollen blanket which offered protection from the cold of night. Months on board the ship had allowed him to earn his sea legs but the lilting motion was more pronounced high above the deck.

He felt warmth on his face and opened his eyes. Far off over the flat horizon of the ocean, a rounded sliver of sun crept into the morning sky. Leo rubbed his eyes with the blanket and yawned, stretching as much as the tight quarters would allow. Then, he sat up, blew into his hands to warm them, and began his morning ritual.

Early in the voyage, Leo’s far sight had been identified and put to work. Now he spent every third morning above the ship, waking an hour before dawn and climbing into the crow’s nest so he could scan the ocean for both land and sign of other ships.

He spent the next few minutes surveying the ocean on all sides of the ship. When he turned to face the stern, he jumped to his feet and swore.

"Damn it." He swung one foot over the lip of the nest, grabbing the rope and climbing down as fast as he could. Five feet from the deck, he let go of the rope and dropped the rest of the way, bending his knees to absorb the shock of the fall as his bare feet hit the deck.

Leo glanced at the ship’s wheel. Christoph stood at his customary morning place beside the helmsman, writing in his ledgers while the two went over the night’s course together. He looked up when Leo approached.

"Morning, Leo. That was a quick look from the nest."

Leo ran a hand through his hair and nodded at the captain. "We’ve got company."

Christoph frowned. "From which direction?"

"Aft. They are full sails up and heading directly for us."

"Were you able to see any colours?"

"Aye." Leo’s expression was grim. "White wings on a black background."

"Pirates."

"Looks like."

Christoph frowned and barked to the helmsman. "Veer starboard twenty degrees over the next two minutes."

"Aye, Cap’n. Veer starboard twenty degrees over the next two minutes." The man slowly turned the wheel with one hand and reached for a small hour glass beside him, turning it upside down so that sand began to flow into its empty bottom.

"Man all stations!" Christoph bellowed, his booming voice echoing over the deck. "Full sails in under five minutes or I throw the two slowest of ya overboard."

Less than two minutes later, men began streaming from below decks, half dressed as they ran to their stations and began untying canvas-wrapped sails and pulling ropes to raise them on the second, third, and fourth masts.

Christoph watched the activity and nodded at Leo. "Good job, Leo. Once our sails are raised and we have a full mouth of wind, we will outpace these evil bastards."

"I don’t think so, Captain." Leo looked behind him. The barest outline of the pursuing ship could be seen on the horizon.

"Of course we will. There is no vessel faster on the waters than our Karvals."

"It’s a Karval also, and smaller than this one."

Christoph swore and slapped the rail. "Once sails are raised, prepare cannons! Helm, add twenty more degrees starboard."

"Captain?" The helmsman appeared confused.

"The pirating bastards stole one of our ships," Christoph yelled. "We’re gonna meet them and take the damned thing back."

***

The noon sun blazed overhead as the two Karval class ships came within striking distance. Leo stood on the raised foredeck with Christoph. His job was to run orders and help defend wherever the enemy boarded, should it come to that. The cannon port lids were raised and the heavy cannons rolled into place for firing.

"We will run across their port side first," Christoph told him. "Then turn hard and give them a blast from the starboard side on a second pass. Our guns are bigger and we have more. If luck is on our side we kill their masts and leave them sitting ducks in the water."

When the ships came close enough to engage, the sea became engulfed in black smoke and deafening roars as cannons spewed hot iron balls from both decks. Leo’s hearing became dull from the sound. His eyes burned from the acrid smoke.

The first pass was brief, but time seemed to slow as wood splintered all around and men were struck by the black balls hurtling through the air.

"Turn hard!" The captain screamed as their last cannon passed the enemy. The ship tilted sharply as the helmsman obeyed.

Leo’s gaze swept the deck. There was soot, broken timber, and blood everywhere. He glanced up. Their masts were still standing. The middle sail had two large holes from cannon balls and the smaller back sail was shredded. Despite this, the ship was still moving fast as they turned to pass the enemy on the other side.

Leo looked at the other ship and saw that it had not fared as well. The large middle mast had toppled over and the tip dragged in the ocean. It sat unmoving in the water. Christoph’s men cheered.

"This pass will finish them, boys," Christoph yelled. "All fighting men below deck. When we turn again, be ready. I will make the call to board them or not."

The sailors holding swords and boarding hooks scrambled toward the stairs and disappeared. Below decks, Leo could hear the cannoneers shouting as they loaded their weapons and made ready to fire.

Moments before they came up beside the ship, Leo saw a single robed man appear and walk to the front of the pirate ship. From this close, Leo could see his hair was long and white, sticking up wildly in all directions. He raised both hands and his mouth began to move.

The hair on the back of Leo’s neck and arms raised and his skin tingled. "Something’s not right," he shouted at Christoph, but it was too late for them to turn away.

Beneath the pirate ship, the waters of the ocean began to darken. It churned as if boiling and shadowy swirls crept up to cover the hull of the vessel. The old man clapped his hands together and the darkness flew into the sky, gathering into a large ball and exploding, sending a volley of bright white lightning streaking toward Leo’s ship.

Without thinking, Leo threw out his arms and turned his face away from the blast.

Multiple forks of lightning enveloped the ship, causing wood to splinter below decks and explosions to sound. The lightning also struck the masts, destroying them and igniting the canvas sails. Flaming canvas drifted towards the deck, burning everything it touched.

Men screamed as they died. The large Karval drifted past the smaller without firing a shot.

Leo looked up and saw Christoph staring at him with wide eyes.

"How did you do that?" the captain asked, oblivious of the carnage around him.

"Do what?"

Christoph pointed at the ground. A circle of blackness surrounded them on the deck. Inside the circle, the wood was clean and untouched. "You raised some sort of shield as the lightning struck."

"I did?"

"You didn’t see it?"

Leo shook his head. "I was looking away so shards of timber would not blind me."

"You did something powerful, Leo. Magic."

"I don’t know how I did."

"Well, you saved our lives."

Leo sniffed and covered his nose with the back of his sleeve to block the stench of burning flesh. "I didn’t save enough of us. We are defeated."

"So are they." Christoph nodded at the other ship and Leo looked.

Neither vessel moved. Instead, each floated away from the other.

"Come with me." Christoph slapped the helmsman on the shoulder and looked at Leo. "We are now in a new race with the enemy. Whoever can become mobile first will have the best chance of defeating the other."

Leo nodded. "Then we should get to it."





58

The race for mobility was not what Leo expected it to be.

Snails would race to a finish line faster. Sweat dripped into his eyes. He blinked to clear his vision, both hands holding the heavy replacement mast above his head. He was one of two dozen men slowly raising the mast into place while, all around them, the sounds of hammers and saws could be heard below deck.

After the battle, Christoph had watched the enemy ship float away and decided not to give chase.

The crew had turned their attention to extinguishing fires and plugging leaks while the ship’s young doctor had tended to the injured and assembled a crew to gather the dead and bury them at sea. The enemy ship had faded from sight on the first day and was soon forgotten as all hands set to work repairing their vessel.

Leo could not believe how efficient these men were at scavenging wood and reapplying it wherever possible to rebuild the ship. Spare masts had been stored below decks and Christoph said that they would scan any passing islands for suitable trees which could be harvested to replenish stores.

Leo grunted and stepped back as the mast was raised fully. The carpenters took over, some holding the pole in place while others began attaching it.

Christoph appeared and tapped him on the shoulder with a canteen of fresh water.

"Thanks." Leo wiped his forehead and drank.

"We will be underway within the hour."

"Course full ahead?"

"Absolutely. There is an outpost seven days west. We can limp there and resupply." Christoph waited until Leo returned the canteen and then took a sip of water before looking around and nodding. "We will be good as new and still on track."

They went to the helm and watched as the mast was fixed in place and canvas sails attached. When everything was ready, Christoph gave the order to drop the sails, nodding as wind filled them and they began moving forward.

"Well done, men. We spend the next day on skeleton crew and rest for those not on duty." Heads nodded. "Extra rations of rum for everyone at lunch and dinner as well."

The crew cheered.

Men began to disappear below decks, but Leo remained beside Christoph.

"Figure out how you did magic yet?" the captain asked.

"No. I seriously don’t think it was me."

"It was. Your body glowed light blue and a sphere sprang out of you."

"Hmm."

"See? You’ve learned something new on this trip after all."

Leo laughed. "I learned a lot even before that."

"Yes, you have. Shall we go below and grab a bite to eat?"

Leo nodded and led the way.



***



Leo opened his eyes, fully awake despite being weary when he’d lain down in his bunk earlier. He sat up and looked around. The hammocks near him were filled with snoring sailors. He listened but all he heard were sailors sleeping and the creaking of the ship.

He lay back down.

A hand clamped over his mouth, pinning him in place.

"Do not make a sound," a voice whispered in his ear, "or everyone on this ship will die. Nod if you will co-operate."

Leo nodded and the hand lifted from his mouth. He began to turn his head but something prevented him from looking at the speaker.

"Close your eyes. Count to ten," the voice instructed him. "Then get up and come to the starboard deck. Wake no one. If alarm is raised, everyone will be killed and it will be on your conscience. Nod if you will do as I have just said."

Leo nodded once.

"Good." The voice was further away as it spoke. "Begin your count."

***

Leo crept onto the deck and moved to the starboard side as he had been told. His eyes widened. Less than twenty feet away, the pirate ship sailed, silent as a wraith. The main mast was still missing yet it matched the larger vessel’s speed perfectly. The old man stood on the deck of the pirate ship, his arms extended to either side and a half smile on his face as he stared at Leo.

"Quickly." A heavy rope was placed on Leo’s shoulder and he grabbed it. "Swing over to the other ship."

"Why?"

"To save lives. The old one wants only you."

I recognize that voice. Leo turned and chuckled. "What are you doing out here sailing about on a pirate ship?"

Ricin smiled, the bright white of his teeth contrasting with his brown skin in the darkness. "I will tell you when we are away from here. The old one wanted to kill everyone, but I convinced him that you would come alone and do so quietly. Hurry. We are running out of time."

Leo gripped the rope and swung towards the pirate ship. Ricin followed him on a second rope. Both men landed on the deck and the ship slowed. The larger Karval raced ahead and disappeared into the darkness.





59

"There’s a customer asking for you at the back booth, Syntha."

Synth glanced up from the cash box and leaned over so she could see the booth. "Okay thanks, hun." She closed the drawer and wiped her hands on a towel before pouring two cups of xai. She walked past the other tables and sat down across from the booth’s occupant.

A small girl sat in the booth, her back straight and face calm. Her skin was white and blemish-free and her hair was red and curly with hints of gold. She looked no older than ten, but had not changed in appearance since Syntha had met her twenty years ago.

"Hi, Kiana." Syntha pushed a cup of xai towards the girl. "How you been?"

Kiana’s mouth turned up into a smile and she tilted her head forward. "Thank you, Syntha. I’ve been just fine. How about you?"

Syntha shrugged. "I’d be worse if not for you." She reached under her shirt and pulled out a thin silver chain with a tear-shaped pendant attached. It was crystal clear along the edges and it became bluer as the eye moved towards the gem’s centre. It seemed to pulse faintly. Syntha looked at it and smiled.

"I’m glad that I could bring you some peace in this difficult time." Kiana reached out and let the pendant rest in the palm of her small hand. She closed her eyes for a moment and then smiled as she opened them. "He is still on the ocean."

"It felt hot last night."

"It uses your energy to maintain a connection to him. Every once in a while it will be warmer than normal."

"It heated up so much that it woke me. I thought it was going to burn my skin."

Kiana frowned and then shook her head. "He was close to strong magic, most likely."

"On the ocean?"

"There are many strong deposits of earth energy throughout the oceans." The girl shrugged. "It is common to pass over them and the gem is sensitive to that type of energy. No need to worry."

"Sometimes I think it would be better not to have this." Syntha tucked the necklace beneath her shirt and placed both hands around her cup. "At night I wake up in a panic, afraid that the gem has turned red. That he is dead."

Kiana reached across the table and took Syntha’s hand. "My dear friend, I gave you the necklace to make you feel good that he is still alive. If it causes distress, then you should take it off and put it in a dresser drawer. Better yet, return it to me. Assume that he lives and I can inform you should that change."

"No. Most of the time I am grateful for it. I feel close to him, even though he is away from me for now."

"You worry that he will not return."

Syntha bit her lip and nodded. "How can he? The king thinks Leo killed his father. There is no way he will ever be able to come back and live here."

Kiana sipped her xai and smiled. "The world turns constantly, child."

Syntha smiled. It was strange to have someone who appeared to be a small girl call her "child".

"As it turns, so too does it change. Nothing that is assured today can be the same tomorrow."

"Have you seen him returning?"

"No. But that does not mean it will not come to pass. My two little eyes can only see so much."

"I am so thankful for you in my life."

Kiana grinned. "As I am for you in mine."

"If he comes back, will you meet him?"

The tiny girl blinked and raised one eyebrow. "Perhaps."





60

Mouse, Stick, and the doctor sat in a coffeehouse located in the silk district, a block away from Leo’s house, waiting. Eventually, Oak entered and joined them at their table.

"Well?" Mouse asked.

Oak shook his head. "I’m not commenting until Doc goes and meets with him."

The doctor nodded and stood. "I’ll be back soon."

"Good luck," Stick said without taking his gaze from the pretty serving girl who was smiling at him from across the room as she moved from table to table.

The doctor exited the coffeehouse and crossed the street, walking at a leisurely pace until he reached the front door. He knocked once and waited. A moment later, the door opened and a male servant led him into a seating area.

Before he could sit down, Leo entered the room.

"Doc, I’m so glad to see you." He smiled as he approached. The doctor stood and stared, his eyes moving up and down to examine every detail.

Leo laughed and embraced the older man, holding him for a long moment before finally letting go.

"You’re looking at me strange, Doc. What’s the matter?"

"Is it really you?"

"It is." Leo gestured to the chairs and waited for the doctor to sit before moving to the other.

"This is hard to believe. We heard that you were dead."

"I know." Leo nodded and patted the old man’s leg. "I had no choice but to flee without telling any of you. If any of you had known and been questioned by the Council of Law. . . ."

The doctor nodded. "We were questioned, but none of us were taken in for deep interrogation."

"I could not risk that happening. They have ways of sensing the truth. If any of you had been put to the deep question because of me. . . ." he shook his head. "They would have tortured you and then done worse before killing you. The laws for harbouring a traitor are clear."

"How come you did not leave the city?"

"I did. For a short time. Then I watched this district and, when no one found my holdings, I decided to come back and test the waters." Leo smiled. "There is much work still to be done in this part of the world, Doc. I set this secondary life up in case anything terrible should happen. I never expected to need it so soon, but it’s fortunate that it was already in place."

"You have run into no one who recognizes you?"

"Doc, you are a man who travels further than the average person. How many times have you been to the silk district?"

"Not many."

"Exactly. And when you do come you stay to the main roads and buildings. This house is located in a secluded corner. Even those who live here seldom venture out this far."

"It is clever."

"People, in general, are also very accommodating. They do not look for a dead man walking amongst them."

"It’s true. Mouse is as sharp as they come and he barely recognized you."

Leo laughed. "I passed by Mouse a dozen times before he finally caught on and noticed me."

"Really?"

"Yes. I stood in one place for over twenty minutes waiting for him to‘stumble’upon me."

"You wanted us to find you?"

"Of course. Once enough time had passed, I wanted to reunite. We have much work to do. An empire to continue building."

The doctor nodded.

"I see that you have kept everything running smoothly in my absence."

"Yes."

"What’s wrong?" Leo frowned.

"We are not entirely certain that you are Leo."

"How can you say that? Each of you has come to speak with me. Am I not the same person you have all known for years?"

"For the most part."

"Ah." Leo nodded. "You’re picking up on the minute details. The different muscle movements and variations in speech."

"It’s subtle," the doctor admitted. "If Stick hadn’t pointed it out, I don’t know if the rest of us would have noticed."

"I understand. It’s tiny, but makes an enormous difference. I learned that it’s the key to the process of‘becoming’someone different."

The doctor held up his hand and wiggled his fingers. "Stick says it is as unique to a person as the prints on their fingers. That a person cannot change how their muscles act at such a deep level."

"So you think I am not Leo."

"It’s a valid concern."

"Of course. The scope of our business and organization depends on certainty."

"No one saw your body, which helps us to believe that this could have been orchestrated."

Leo steepled his fingers and placed them against his lips.

"You living inside the city is strange, but your story does seem plausible. The fact that no one has come to arrest you also strengthens your claim." The doctor considered the facts for a moment and then shook his head. "What do you have to say for yourself?"

Leo raised his eyebrows and held his hands up in the air. "I’ve already said it. I look like me, I feel like me, I know everything that Leo knew. Sure, I might sound a bit different." He paused, took a deep breath, raised and then lowered his shoulders dramatically, and then spoke again. "But I can switch back to the mannerisms I had before, although it is dangerous for me to do so."

The doctor squinted, unable to tell if Leo’s tone or inflection had changed at all.

"Ultimately it comes down to this: I know everything about myself and each of you. I know the business that is working in the other districts inside and out. TheÉlua can decide that I am Leo and we move forward, or that I am not and leave me out of the mix."

"What if we do? Leave you out."

Leo’s smile vanished and he looked at the doctor with a blank expression. "Then, in accordance with our agreement, the four of you are released and everything reverts back to me."

The doctor looked at the man sitting across from him. With a sigh, he nodded. "I believe that you are Leo."

Leo smiled and nodded his head. "I’m glad you recognize me, Doc. Now go tell the others so that we can get on with our business. I would like all of you to return here in two days’time. We will meet and discuss how to move forward."

"How long will you remain hidden here?"

"A few more months."

"King Adam will never allow you to return to the other districts. If he finds out you are alive—"

"We can worry about that when the time comes."

"You have a solution?"

Leo’s smile widened. "I have a couple in mind."

The doctor stood and hugged Leo once more before he left.



The door closed and Leo watched him cross the street and make his way out of sight. The servant who had shown the visitors in entered from the other room. "Do they believe you are actually Leo?"

Lenidas turned from the window and smiled. "There is no doubt in my mind that they believe. This plan is complex, but it is working perfectly. When I meet with theÉlua in two days, I will assume full control over my twin brother’s empire."





61

"King Adam will see you now."

Bertrand stood and followed the servant down the long hallway. His mood had been foul since receiving the royal summons during the early hours of the morning. He had not been summoned to anything since being promoted to rank of Supreme Commander a year earlier. When he had knelt before the Altar of Light and felt the mantle of leadership rest upon his shoulders he became the most powerful man in the kingdom, answerable to no one. Not even the King.

That is how it had been under the reign of the prior monarch and his predecessors, but King Adam did not seem to understand the way of things. Bertrand had done his best to politely educate the young monarch, but Adam had different ideas. The months had been filled with constant animosity between the two, and both men knew that the struggle for supremacy would lead to a final showdown. Bertrand had a feeling that was the purpose of this summons.

The servant opened the large door to the throne room and moved to one side. Bertrand stood in the doorway, waiting to be announced before approaching the King on his throne. Seconds passed and Bertrand felt his face flush with anger. His gaze shifted to the servant who looked at the ground.

"Come in, Councilman," King Adam beckoned, a tight-lipped smile on his face. "Both of us are busy men, so hurry along, let’s get this over with."

Bertrand stood tall and straightened his dark blue robes before striding into the room, walking at a brisk pace and halting before the throne. He paused, locking stares with the King before finally bowing—more nod than bow, but acceptable, considering his station.

"Thank you for coming. I know that you would rather be elsewhere so let me get straight to the point."

Bertrand maintained a calm visage while he waited for the king to continue.

"The kingdom relies on the Council for protection and law enforcement, yet your warriors outnumber my own forces."

"The Council of Light does not have warriors in our ranks, Grace. We are a humble organization comprised of servants, Council members, and Keepers."

King Adam laughed. "Titles and names. Call them what you will, but everyone knows the Keepers are one of the best-trained military forces in the world."

"They are the hand of the law, Your Grace."

"I tire of talk with you, Bertrand."

Bertrand clenched his teeth, furious at the king’s lack of respect by using his name, but said nothing.

"You are skilled in the dance of words, I’ll give you that, but the truth is the truth. Call them flowers and I will still say that you possess more than I." He stood and looked down at the Councilman, anger in his eyes. "I have studied the histories of the Council of Law since I was a boy."

"Then you know how important the Council is in maintaining prosperity and peace throughout your kingdom."

King Adam sniffed and shook his head. "I know nothing of the sort. You are a self-serving group of old men who use fear and force to control everything you touch."

"Few would agree with that assessment."

"Few are brave enough to speak the truth."

Bertrand looked at the young king for a moment, then sighed. "I’m sad that you feel that way, Sire."

"I do."

"It is obvious that you blame us for the death of your father."

"That is a small part of it."

"You wish to share in our profits and businesses."

The king took a breath and paused.

Bertrand smiled. "The untimely demise of good King Edward and your subsequent grief has prevented me from properly discussing the transition of power with regard to the Council of Law, Your Grace."

"What are you saying?"

"The Council of Law belongs first and foremost to the ruler of this land. There was no time for your father to share such information with you. He would have, if things had progressed peacefully."

"You’re lying."

"I’m not. Since your father was murdered, every time we speak it is hostile. I have repeatedly attempted to be kind and initiate proper communications with you in these matters, yet you do not allow it."

"I assumed that you were attempting to challenge my authority."

"Adam." Bertrand’s voice softened. "The Council of Law was created by your great-grandfather. You speak of having no military might, but we are that force, cleverly hidden amongst the people, spending our days working to maintain peace and keep law in your kingdom while standing ready to defend the borders should anyone every threaten to invade."

"I know that is how it was created." The king appeared uncertain. "But these past few years show the Council to be more interested in their own affairs than mine."

"I agree."

"You do?"

"Absolutely. That is one of the reasons for the change in leadership. My predecessor was—" Bertrand paused and shook his head. "A power-hungry man. That is why he was removed and I replaced him."

The anger disappeared from King Adam’s face. "You are a good man with an excellent record."

"You are too kind."

"Perhaps I have been too hasty in my assessment."

"Thank you."

"Will you accept my apology?"

Bertrand bowed low. "Of course, Your Highness. Your grief required an outlet. I am glad that the air has been cleared and we can now move forward together."

The king sat down on his throne. "What do you suggest?"

"A meeting at the Keep where we can show you the books and give you a thorough understanding of how we wish to serve you."

King Adam shook his head. "I’ve been an ass. Of course you are right, Bertrand." He paused. "May I call you Bertrand?"

"In private, I would be honoured. Around others, I ask that you address me as Commander."

"Of course." The king stood and approached Bertrand. He extended his hand and the commander clasped his wrist. "Make the arrangements and I will visit."

"I look forward to it, Sire."





62

Leo woke up and stretched in his hammock. It wasn’t until he looked to his left and saw strangers that he remembered the events from the night before. He sat up and looked around.

"Morning, mate," said a sailor nearby as he pulled a thin white shirt over his head.

"Morning."

"If you’re hungry there is food on deck."

"Thanks."

"Ricin will want to see you. When you’re done eating, ask anyone and they can point you in his direction."

Leo stood and headed for the ladder. He stepped onto the deck and squinted in the sunlight, waiting to adjust to the brightness before taking a look around.

The ship was smaller than Christoph’s but the layout was the same. Crew members milled about, some cleaning the deck with brushes and pails of water while others went about tasks such as tying down sails or moving gear. He had intended to skip breakfast but the smell of cooking sausage made his stomach rumble and his mouth water. He walked towards a group of sailors who had formed a small line and were waiting for food. When it was his turn, the cook looked at him for a moment and then nodded before placing three links of sausage and a scoop of porridge onto his plate.

"Welcome aboard."

"Thanks."

The cook chuckled. "You look surprised. Did ya think we’d slap chains onto your wrists and keep you below deck?"

"It wasn’t the friendliest invitation to come aboard."

"I did not have much time to get your attention," Ricin’s deep voice said from behind him.

Leo turned and nodded at the warrior. "A blade at my throat did the job well enough, I guess."

Ricin opened his mouth to speak but Leo raised one hand and smiled. "I know it wasn’t the sharp edge, and for that I thank you."

"I’m pleased that you noticed. The Magus could not hold the ship’s speed for long. I would have asked nicely had there been more time."

"I’m not a prisoner then?"

Ricin shook his head. "The Magus wants to meet you. That is all."

"Why?"

"I am not positive, but it likely has something to do with the large ball of blue energy that you conjured when he set the lighting at your ship."

"I have no idea what that was."

"It was magic."

Leo smiled. "Likely, but I didn’t do it on purpose and I don’t think I could recreate the feat."

"That is for the Magus to determine." Ricin accepted a plate of food from the cook with a nod and then looked at Leo. "Come. Let us find a place to eat. I am certain you have questions."

They moved to an area by the railing and sat. The sky was blue and filled with fluffy clouds. A light wind ruffled Leo’s hair.

Ricin took a bite of sausage. "It is good to see you again. How are things in your homeland?"

"Castanell?" Leo shrugged. "Very interesting."

"In what way?"

Leo told the warrior how the king had been assassinated and of his own arrest.

When he finished his story, Ricin raised one eyebrow and sighed. "That is quite the tale. How are you finding life on the sea?"

"It is very different than life on land, but I am enjoying it. There are many things to be learned out here, and many secrets which are not shared with those on the land."

"That is why I am also floating around on this great body of water." Ricin closed his eyes and turned his face towards the sun. "It is peaceful out here in ways that are not available with solid ground beneath one’s feet."

"I am surprised to find you on a pirate ship."

Ricin opened his eyes and looked at Leo, a small grin appearing on his face. "Why is that?"

"I took you for a more law-abiding person."

The dark warrior threw back his head and laughed. "The laws of one group are the chaos of another’s. Trust me, there are rules on a pirate ship. They are different from those of a ship owned by the captain, but they exist."

"I see."

"One could even argue that, for the common man, being a crew mate on a pirate ship is the best option."

"Because of the treasure?"

"All ships hold treasure. Were your holds not filled with expensive items?"

"Yes."

"Who owned that cargo?"

"The captain."

"Who decided where to sell the cargo and the prices to charge?"

"The captain."

"And there is no need to say it again, but we both know who would profit from any further cargo added during the voyage."

"Things are different here?"

"They are."

"How?"

"Each member receives an equal share of the profit during the voyage."

"Really?"

Ricin nodded. "They also have a vote."

"About what?"

"Everything."

"I don’t understand."

"I will give you an example, then. We spotted your ship three days ago. We knew that it was a bigger boat than ours, and also of the same class. The crew was assembled and the captain told everyone what was out there and said that he felt it was a good idea to attack. Some did not agree, while others did. Each man was given an opportunity to argue his case, and then we put the matter to a vote."

"Majority rules?"

"It does. And once the decision is made, everyone gives all they have to making the outcome positive."

"Because they share in the spoils."

"Exactly."

"Fascinating." Leo finished the oatmeal on his plate and set the dish on his lap. "The captain of this ship does not own it outright?"

"He doesn’t own it at all. He was elected by vote to lead."

"Sounds time-consuming and counterproductive. Voting on every little thing that gets done."

Ricin laughed. "The votes occur on large things only. The captain, for instance, is elected. When we are in the thick of battle, we do not stop and discuss retreating. There is no vote then. The captain makes those decisions."

"What if he makes the wrong ones?"

"Then he is human. If he does it too often, then the crew selects someone else to lead."

"I could be captain, then?"

"Any of us could."

"Interesting."

"I have learned that this is what makes pirates so feared and dangerous. They lead on merit, not by birth."

"A clever commoner can outsmart a lazy noble."

"You see the beauty of it."

Leo nodded. "I certainly do."

Ricin stood and waited for Leo to do the same. But Leo only stared into the distance.

"It is time to meet the Magus, Leo. Are you coming?"

"What?" Leo looked up. "Oh. Yes." He stood and smiled.

"What were you thinking?"

Leo reached out and took the other man’s plate, stacking it on top of his own. "I was thinking that perhaps this piracy model could be used to run more than a ship on the ocean."

"I don’t understand."

"Never mind." Leo slapped the other man on the shoulder. "Lead me to this Magus. I am eager to learn more."



***



Stick finished his breakfast, took a sip of xai, and pushed his plate away. He looked around the coffeehouse to see if he recognized anyone, but didn’t. The door to the establishment opened and Lenidas entered. He stopped at a table near the front door, leaning down to converse with a large man who was smiling up at him. The two laughed and Lenidas patted the man on the back. Then he looked around, saw Stick, and waved as he moved towards him.

"Morning, Stick."

"Leo."

"I thought Mouse was coming today?"

"He had to deal with an emergency. Slight problem with one of his agents."

Lenidas frowned. "Which one?"

"A young agent keeping tabs on a Council of Law member. He was breaking into the man’s house to see what he could find and the wife came back early."

"She caught him?"

Stick nodded. "Things got a bit hysterical from the woman’s point of view. She started screaming and the agent knocked her out."

"Damn."

Stick shrugged. "Not a huge deal. The agent panicked and got word to Mouse. He’s over there now making sure the authorities think it was just an alley thug robbing the house. You get me instead."

Lenidas chuckled and signalled to the waitress. She saw him and nodded before going to the front counter where they prepared the drinks. "I’ve been here too long. I want to come back home."

"It’s been a month since we found you, and you were only here for a couple of months before that. Doesn’t seem like a terrible amount of time."

"Easy for you to say. You aren’t secluded and away from the action."

"It’s not safe yet. Three months isn’t enough time for the king to forget what you did. Come back and he will have you in chains the first day."

"I told you I had a plan for that."

"But you didn’t tell any of us what it is."

"The time wasn’t right." Lenidas stopped speaking and looked up with a smile as the waitress arrived with his cup of xai. She left and he reached for the honey on the table.

Stick watched the other man pour a spoonful of honey into his cup, stir it, and then raise it to his lips and take a sip. "Am I to guess that the time is right now?"

"It is."

"What’s your plan then?"

"I’m surprised you haven’t guessed."

"I think I have."

"Really?"

"There’s only one solution to the problem."

"There are a few."

"One simple solution."

Lenidas set his cup down on the table. "None are simple. What is my plan?"

Stick looked around to make sure no one was listening, and then leaned forward to whisper. "The only way for you to return is if King Adam dies."

Lenidas nodded.

"But you don’t want to do that. He’s your friend."

"He accused me of killing his father."

Stick shrugged "Yes."

"What do you mean‘yes’?"

Stick watched Lenidas for a moment and then laughed. "Oh. You mean you didn’t?"

"Of course not."

"Ah. Okay. Well that’s interesting."

"Let me get this straight: you all believed that I actually murdered the king?"

"Of course."

"Why would I do that? And why wouldn’t any of you ask me about it?"

"We follow you and trust your judgement. The act made sense, the only confusing part was doing it yourself and getting caught by the prince, but we thought that was just bad luck."

"I can assure you that it wasn’t me. My best guess is that Adam had his father killed and decided to blame it on me."

Stick considered the idea and nodded. "That could be the way it went." He chuckled. "It also explains why you aren’t too upset about the prospect of killing Adam."

"With him dead, I can come back."

"The Council of Law will arrest you."

"We own enough of the Council to be certain I will not be harmed by them. They may arrest me, but I will go free soon enough."

"Adam’s death will leave the kingdom with no ruler. Chaos will result."

"You say that as if it’s a bad thing."

"We will use the confusion to capitalize and grow?"

Lenidas smiled.

Stick finished his xai and stood. "Then it looks like we have a royal assassination to plan."

"Bring the others back so that we may finalize the plan."

Stick nodded and exited the coffeehouse.

Lenidas leaned back, sipped his xai, and smiled.





64

Ricin led Leo below deck and down a small, narrow hallway. At the end was a door, which the warrior rapped three times with his knuckle.

They heard a muffled voice tell them to come in, and Ricin opened the door and entered.

The room was much bigger than the dimensions of the ship should have allowed. A dull grey light allowed Leo to see the entire room. Furs of varying colours, shapes, and sizes adorned the walls and seating area. Books, crystals, different-sized bowls, and a myriad of other interesting items lay scattered across small tables and the floor. A thin haze of blue smoke floated throughout but seemed denser near the couches where the Magus sat on cushions, a long, thin wooden pipe sticking out the side of his mouth as he looked down at a leather-bound book resting in his lap. The two men approached and he continued to read, puffing on the pipe and releasing blue smoke as his eyes moved from one word to another. Moments passed and Leo could tell the old man had reached the bottom of the page. At that point, the Magus nodded and closed the book, looking up as the tome snapped shut. He dropped the volume on the couch beside him and stood, smiling.

"Here he is." The Magus walked toward them, one hand extended with the palm facing forward. "The mysterious man who rejected my gift of lightning. Welcome aboard." He stopped an arm’s length from Leo and moved his palm first down and then up, closing his eyes and chanting a strange word.

Leo looked at Ricin, who raised his eyebrows and shrugged.

The chanting stopped. The Magus opened his eyes, and a fine black fog materialized around Leo for an instant before shimmering and vanishing.

"Interesting." The older man nodded and stroked his long, silver beard. "You do not appear to be a threat. Magically, at least. It looks as if I am able to invite you to sit with me, if you would like."

"After you going to all the trouble of bringing me onboard, it would be rude not to join you. Thank you for the invitation. I am honoured."

The Magus went back to the couch. He sat and indicated empty spots for the other two men. "Ricin, you may stay as well."

When they were all sitting, the Magus chuckled and ran a hand through his wild hair. Leo smiled as the wiry mess flattened, then sprang back up as the old man’s hand receded. "It was no trouble bringing you here," the Magus said. "A simple spell to push the wood of the ship through the water was the only thing required of me."

"But Ricin encouraged me to hurry. He said you could not hold the spell for long."

"I had been holding the spell for hours by the time we reached you. The spell was not difficult to conjure, but it was a bit of a bear to maintain." He looked at Ricin and winked. "Even still, I could have maintained it for much longer. I just told our death priest that to make certain he did not stay too long on your boat and send any poor souls on to the afterlife who did not need to visit that land just yet."

Ricin frowned. "I would not have done so, Magus."

"And how would I know that? I’ve seen pleasant days turned into blood-soaked hells once or twice in my life. once or twice during my life. The worst of those days seemed to occur when your kind was nearby."

"I am the only one of my kind, old one."

"For this generation." The Magus shrugged. "There have been times when Death decides to build an entire army of servants to roam the land." He reached for his pipe and stuck it into his mouth again. "Those are times best read about in history, let me tell you. Living them is a struggle."

"You have lived so long?" Leo asked.

"Perhaps. Or it might be that I simply read about such things in history books."

"I would like to read such books."

"I imagine you would." The Magus lit his pipe, puffed on it a few times, then leaned back with a sigh. "So, what brings you to the ocean, Leo?"

"The same thing that brings all men. Desire for adventure."

The Magus chuckled. "I am pleased to know that you are not here to wield magic upon the water."

"I am not capable of casting magic. I told Ricin that already."

"You’re right. You can’t cast magic. I agree."

"You do?"

"Of course."

"Then why bring me here?"

He waved his palm at Leo. "The little ritual I performed when you entered this room told me all I need to know about your magic abilities, or lack thereof."

"What was the black haze that surrounded me?"

"Someone has placed wards upon you."

"Wards?"

"Aye. An aura of magic to protect you from other spells. That is how you resisted my lightning. When it got close to you, the protective spell triggered and saved you and those nearby." He shook his head. "A shame you were standing near the captain at the time. If I’d been able to fry him, we could have easily taken that ship."

"He’s a friend."

"Then you’re likely glad he’s still alive."

Leo nodded.

"You’re not a mage, but you are still someone very important."

"I’m not."

The Magus chuckled. "You are acquainted with Ricin here, and there is someone in your life powerful enough to place a protective spell on you. It is a very strong spell, one that recharges as you use it. These types of friendships do not develop between common people, Leo."

Leo stared at the Magus, keeping his expression blank.

"Not interested in telling me?"

"I would, but there is nothing to tell. I’m a man who runs a business in a small kingdom. There is not more to my life than that."

"Yet."

"I beg your pardon?"

"I see you, Leo Wrathson."

Leo frowned. "I see you too, Magus."

Ricin and the Magus laughed.

"What’s so funny?" Leo asked.

"He does not mean that he simply sees you," Ricin explained. "His words are an ancient phrase."

"Meaning what?"

"Meaning"—the Magus reached into a small pouch and removed some dried leaves, which he stuffed into the bowl of his pipe—"that you are a person of importance and I recognize that."

"It is more than that," Ricin said. "Seeing you has triggered a vision in which he sees you through time, both your past and, more importantly, your future."

"You’re a fortune-teller?"

"Of a sort." The Magus tamped the contents of the pipe bowl and reached for a long match. "I can tell that your fate and the future of this world is tied to you." He flicked the match with his fingertip and it hissed as flame appeared. "Your presence will affect the workings of both this world and the people who live in it."

"In a significant way?" Leo sniffed as the old man lit his pipe. The smell was familiar to him, but he could not quite place it.

"In a very powerful way, or ways." Ricin nodded.

"Tell me what you see."

"That is not permitted." The Magus' cheeks puffed twice as he stared at Leo. "But I think that I will tell you some small part anyway."

Ricin’s eyes widened and he shook his head. "There are serious penalties for that, Magus."

"They are mine to pay, not yours, priest." He grinned and took the pipe from his mouth. "Leave if you wish no part in this, but I will share a few words with Leo."

Ricin’s expression looked as if he had just eaten something sour. "I will stay and hear what you tell him."

The Magus laughed. "I thought so." He sat forward and placed one hand on Leo’s knee. "I see many things when I look at you, Leo. I will break the rules of the universe in order to share two of the secrets I glimpse with you."

"Which secrets, Magus?"

The old man’s eyes seemed to sparkle. "Those of time." He paused. "And agriculture."





65

Doc Johnston scribbled a note into his journal and then looked at his patient. "My measurements agree with your intuition."

Syntha smiled and placed a hand on her swollen belly. "You think it’s going to be a boy as well?"

"I do."

"Leo will be pleased."

The doctor frowned and looked back at his journal. "He certainly would be."

"I’m sorry, Doc. Sometimes I feel as if he’s still alive—"

"That’s okay, dear. It feels that way to all of us from time to time." He dropped his pen onto the journal and removed his glasses. "I want you to know that all of us are here for you."

Syntha nodded and smiled.

"And for the baby. You will not be alone in raising him."

"Thank you, Doc. I am fortunate to have you, Mouse, Oak, and Stick looking out for me. Life will be good." She paused. "As good as it can be, considering."

"It is said that a person dies twice. Once, the day they draw their last breath, and again as their name passes over a living person’s lips for the last time." The doctor reached out to pat Syntha’s shoulder. "If that is the way of things, then Leo will not die a second time. Your son will hear of his father often."

Syntha wiped a tear from her eye and nodded.

***

Leo stood at the ship’s railing and looked down at the pier. He was the only man still aboard. The majority of the crew stood on the dock, forming a friendly circle around a sailor dressed in a bright red silk shirt and expensive leather boots and pants. A sailor left the circle and approached the man, giving him a hand-sized leather bag and exchanging a hug before returning to the circle. A stack of leather bags was beginning to pile up beside the man in the middle.

"Quite the spectacle, wouldn’t you agree?"

Leo glanced at Ricin as the warrior priest approached. "It is, indeed." He looked back towards the group. "Each bag contains gold?"

"Mmhmm." Ricin leaned against the railing. "When a man becomes a pirate, a ledger is created in his name. Every scrap of plunder acquired during that man’s time as a crew member is accounted for and divided fairly between everyone. When the time comes to retire, the pirate chooses his port and they drop him off." Ricin nodded at the silk-clad man below. "Arn has been with this crew for years. He leaves the sea with a substantial fortune to his name."

"Sailors on regular ships spend their entire lives on the water and retire with little to no money."

"That is so."

"The pirate system seems to be beneficial to everyone involved."

Ricin laughed and nodded. "I’m glad you like it, Leo. When the captain comes aboard, he will offer you Arn’s vacant spot on the roster."

"Really?"

Ricin nodded.

"That is very kind of him."

"Kindness has nothing to do with it. The Magus and I have both spoken on your behalf. Being accepted onto a pirate ship is a very honourable thing."

Leo laughed but stopped when Ricin did not join him. "You’re serious?"

"Yes."

"You speak of honour amongst pirates."

"You find that amusing because you only know the stories told by non-pirates." Ricin nodded at the group below. "These men are the best at what they do. Each position is carefully considered and filled, based not on wealth or birth, but on an individual’s ability to do what is needed for the betterment of the crew."

"I continue to be fascinated by the reality of this group."

"Stay with us and learn even more."

"I am honoured to be offered a chance." Leo turned to look at the warrior. "But I must return home as soon as possible."

"Of course. The Magus assured you that would happen if you desired it."

"Thank you."

"It will take two months to arrive in Castanell."

"Two months for me to learn more about you pirates."

Ricin laughed and slapped Leo on the back. "I suppose that I am a pirate, but will only be so for a short while longer."

"How long?"

"Apparently, about two months."

"Then what will you do?"

"Join you, if you will allow it."

Leo smiled and bowed. "Now you honour me."

Ricin returned the bow.





66

Lenidas exited his manor and disappeared down the street. Five minutes later, a tall man dressed in a black hooded robe crossed the street, approached the front door, and knocked.

The door opened and a young man answered. "May I help you?"

"I would speak with your master," the Chronicler said.

"He is not here."

"Then I will wait for him to return."

The young man hesitated. "Would you consider returning in two hours? He will be gone until then and visitors are not allowed to wait inside the manor."

"Two hours?"

"Yes."

"I won’t return later."

"As you wish." The servant began to shut the door but the Chronicler placed one hand to stop him. "I will leave him a note."

"That would be acceptable."

"Well then, let me in."

"Sir." The servant’s expression was uncomfortable. "I am not allowed to do so."

The Chronicler glared at the servant. "Young man, one of two things is about to happen." He held up one finger. "I will enter this house for a brief moment and write a note for your master." He shook his head and held up a second finger. "Or I will stand here for two hours and speak with the owner of this house when he does return." He looked the servant up and down, folding his arms.

The servant fidgeted. "If he asks, tell him that you wrote the note outside and did not come into the house."

"That is exactly what I will tell him."

The door opened wider. "Come with me, then."

The servant led the way down a hall. "I will take you to the library, but please be quick about writing the note. I worry that the master is testing me and I am headed for trouble."

"The master is not testing you." The Chronicler reached out and grabbed the servant’s head in both hands, twisting and breaking the man’s neck. "He was trying to protect you."

He stepped over the dead man and located the library, entering the room and scanning each book on the shelves. He reached the last shelf, swore, and shook his head. "Likely the bedroom."

Less than ten minutes later, the Chronicler moved Lenidas’s bed and discovered a secret compartment in the floor beneath, as he’d suspected.

"Ah, there you are, my beauty." He pulled a large leather-bound book from the compartment. He ran his hands over the outer cover before opening it, flipping to the last page, and reading it. "I always wondered why this volume ended differently from the rest." He chuckled. "Now I know." He snapped the book shut and returned the board and bed to the correct place.

The Chronicler exited the house and walked two blocks to where a black carriage waited. "Return me to the keep," he said to the driver sitting on top of the coach before climbing inside.

The driver waited until the carriage door clicked shut, then flicked the reins and whistled. The two jet-black horses leapt forward, taking the Chronicler from the city.

***

"I’m sorry to drop you onto land still so far away from Castanell," the captain apologized. "But this is as close as we can dare come to your kingdom, now that her waters are patrolled by such fast ships."

Leo extended his hand and the captain shook it. "This is fine, Captain. Thank you for all of your hospitality. Sailing the seas as a pirate was more enlightening than I would have guessed possible."

The captain smiled and held out a small bag of gold. "The pleasure was ours, Leo. Here is your share of plunder earned during the last few months."

Leo accepted the bag and waited while the captain handed a much larger one to Ricin. "I am sad to lose the both of you," the captain said. "If you ever decide to sail the seas and wish to join us, wait for our ship to re-supply at the Oasis."

Leo nodded. "Thank you for the offer, Captain, we will." The Oasis was a hidden island inhabited by and known only to pirates.

The captain walked back to the longboat and the two men watched him go. Once the small vessel was in the water and rowing back to the main ship, Ricin turned away from the ocean. "It feels strange to be on solid land again."

"I agree. It will feel even more odd to be riding horses soon."

"It will take us a day of walking to reach the village and horses. That will be sufficient time for us to regain our land legs."

"Castanell is two weeks’ride from the village?"

Ricin nodded.

Leo smiled. "That is good."

"You are excited to be going home?"

"Nervous, but excited."

"Life on the sea was never dull." Ricin picked his pack form the ground and slung it over one shoulder. "But from your telling of events soon to come, things will be much more exciting on land."

Leo laughed and picked up his pack. "It certainly will be."

"Death approaches. I can feel her racing toward you."

"Let us hope that I can avoid her embrace, then."

Ricin shrugged. "It will end or continue as Destiny, Death’s older sister, decided long before either of us were born."

"Then there is no point in worrying."

Ricin smiled and began walking. "Just so, my friend. We enjoy the journey as long as it may last."





67

"What’s the matter, Leo? You seem angry these past few weeks."

Lenidas sighed and closed his eyes. Since my book was stolen, I no longer know what Leo would be doing at this point of the game. I’m flying blind at the worst possible time.

"Are you ill?" Doc Johnston asked.

Lenidas looked up and forced himself to smile. "I’m fine, just a little tired. Let us finish planning and then retire for the day."

Everyone nodded and he stood. "Four nights from now, the king will leave to attend a cousin’s wedding. He will travel with extra guards and there will be nights where, after riding all day, no town will be near them."

"Forcing them to camp on the roads," Oak said.

Lenidas nodded.

"How many troops will he have with him?" Mouse traced a pattern on the table with his finger, head down.

"Twenty, thirty at most."

"We will ambush and dispatch him on the road?" Stick asked.

Lenidas smiled. "We have been waiting for an opportunity like this for months."

"How many of us will be going?"

"Élua only."

The doctor frowned. "Me as well? I’m an old man. There isn’t much I can do except get in the way."

"You sell yourself short, Doc." Lenidas spread a map out on the table. "Your skills are considerable. If we are injured or find ourselves needing to question anyone . . . ." He shrugged. "Your involvement could be the key to everything."

"Just so long as you don’t expect me to fight. I’m too old to for that."

"If we must rely on your combat skills, we will be retreating and fighting to save our skin." He smiled and looked at Stick. "Do the odds seem impossible?"

Stick shrugged. "Twenty, thirty, neither of those numbers give me cause for concern. Add ten more and the odds are still in our favour."

"Good." Lenidas pointed to the map. "Let us determine where they will most likely camp and how we will attack. The objective is to immobilize them all, except for the king."

"I could save us the effort, slip into the camp, and slit his throat," Mouse offered. "Be in and out before the guard fires needed more wood."

Lenidas shook his head. "The king has information which I must have."

Mouse shrugged. "I can implement that on the fly, should you change your mind."

"I will keep that in my brain in case we need to adjust strategies. Now let us go over my plan as it stands."

***

Leo and Ricin were getting ready to sleep when the Chronicler appeared from the darkness.

"May I join you at the fire, lads?" He stopped at the fire’s edge, arms raised with palms open.

Ricin had stood at the sound of the man’s first word, weapons drawn. Leo also got to his feet and placed one hand on his companion’s shoulder. "I know this man. He means us no harm. Of course you may join us."

Ricin sheathed his weapons and the dark-robed man approached. Leo bowed low and the Chronicler pushed the hood from his face, nodding.

"Are you hungry?" Leo asked.

"Thank you, but no."

"Allow me to introduce you to my travelling companion. Ricin, this is the Chronicler."

The two men clasped forearms. "It is a pleasure to meet you, Ricin," the Chronicler said.

"You also."

The men sat around the fire. Leo poured drinks from a wine skin and distributed the mugs.

"After our last meeting, I did not think to see you again before my fortieth birthday." Leo said.

"Life is fluid." The Chronicler watched the fire. "The balance of things has been upset and this meeting is an attempt for me to restore it."

"What is wrong?"

The Chronicler shrugged and took a sip from his mug.

"Lenidas is not yet dead?" Leo guessed.

"Correct."

Leo set his drink on the ground, stood, and began to pace in front of the fire. "How is that possible? I have been gone almost a year. That was plenty of time for him to be discovered and dealt with. I knew that he would hide in the city, but surely someone had to discover him and—"

"They did."

Leo stopped pacing. "Tell me all that you can."

The Chronicler sighed and stood. He came to stand beside Leo and faced the fire, his hands stretched towards it. "TheÉlua discovered him only a few months after you left. He had taken up residence in the silk district. They gathered and went to meet him. After a few meetings, they accepted him as their leader."

"What?"

"They believe that he is you."

Leo’s eyes narrowed. "Those men know me better than anyone. How did he manage to pull that off?"

"For one, he looks like you."

"Of course he does, but that is where the similarities end."

"His personality was different, even after learning your manner and imitating it, but the visual component helped to compensate for those interacting with him."

"That would not be enough." Leo shook his head. "He knew nothing about my dealings or network. They might have accepted him for a few days, but prolonged contact would have shown that he did not know the minutiae that is Leo Wrathson."

"Except he did."

Leo turned to face the Chronicler. "He could only know that by possessing a tome."

The Chronicler’s expression darkened. "That’s exactly what the little bastard did. He entered my sanctuary and stole one of the tomes of your life."

Leo’s eyebrows raised and, after a moment, he laughed. "I doubt that is something I would have done. Perhaps he is the one after all."

"Your conclusion is flawed. We will never know what you would have done because you won’t find yourself in that position. Lenidas tried to replace you and then found out that you were travelling the winner’s path."

"He learned of theÉlua."

The Chronicler nodded at the warrior watching them. "And your history with Ricin, as well as Syntha and the xai business. At that point, he understood your position."

"And so, believing that I was dead, he decided it was worth the gamble to take my place."

"Just so." The Chronicler rubbed his neck and smiled. "To be fair, his conclusion was a good one. He is certain that you are dead, yet knows how things move forward."

Leo returned to his seat and refilled Ricin’s cup and his own. "I expected to return with the real killer caught and executed. I imagined that everyone would rejoice and be happy to see me alive after all."

"That will not be the case."

"I must devise a new strategy."

"That is the reason for my visit."

"I thought that was forbidden."

"As I said before, this was caused by me, indirectly, and so my involvement—also indirect to an extent—is allowable."

"Why do that?" Leo frowned. "It sounds like Leo is still on track, it is just a different Leo. What if that is how it was always meant to be?"

The Chronicler smiled. "Perhaps that is the case, and the reason that I may offer aid."

Leo thought for a moment and scratched his chin. "If you help and I win, Leo is alive and in place."

"And"—the Chronicler sat—"If you lose, Lenidas will remain where he is, which will still leave Leo alive and in place."

"You cannot lose by helping."

"Which allows me to offer help." The black-robed man drained his mug and glared into the fire. "It is my hope that you are the victor, though. I do not like the thought of Lenidas stealing from me and getting away with it."

"Stealing from you?" Leo’s eyes became flat. "He took my life. I want it back."





68

Lenidas crouched low in the brush and surveyed the king’s encampment. A large tent stood in the middle with guards stationed at all four corners, plus two walking the perimeter. The remaining men slept in smaller tents surrounding the main. A man prepared food at the fire in the middle of the camp, placing vegetables and meat into pots in preparation for the morning meal.

Additional sentries encircled the camp, hunched down and covered with dark hooded cloaks, facing out into the darkness so the fire would not compromise their night vision.

Mouse appeared at Lenidas’side. "There were eight perimeter sentries."

"Dead now?"

"Aye. We don’t need them entering the fray."

"That’s true." They had been following the king for two days, watching and waiting for the best moment to strike. Lenidas had guessed that thirty guards would come but forty-five was the actual number. "Eight down gives us an easier time of it."

"I have inspected our positions. Everyone is in place."

"Sound the attack, then."

Mouse cupped his hands around his mouth and made the sound of an eagle. The cry came from everywhere, piercing the silence with shrill clarity. Lenidas stood, unsheathed his sword, and strode toward the camp as sounds of battle began.

***

Leo yanked on his reins, leaning in and gripping with his legs as his mount stopped and reared. Ricin raced past, then slowed his horse to a stop, turning to look at his companion. "What is it?"

"We are too late. The attack is underway."

Ricin frowned. "I hear nothing ahead."

"They are not close." Leo reached into his robe and withdrew a small, black square. The thin, flat object was covered with silver lines spread over it like thick spiderwebs which pulsed rhythmically. "This tells me it is happening."

"What is that?"

"A gift from the Chronicler in case we were unable to arrive in time. When it is flashing, it can transport me to the king."

"It can take me as well?"

Leo shook his head.

"You must go. I will catch up as soon as possible."

"Make your way to Castanell. If I survive, I will meet you there. If I am dead . . . ."

"Then I will avenge you."

Leo’s eyes widened. "No. If I die and Lenidas lives, then you must offer to serve him."

"I will not do that."

"You must. Much depends on your involvement, Ricin. The world needs you to follow Leo, whoever that ends up being."

Ricin frowned. "I don’t understand."

"I promise to explain it to you some day." Leo shook the talisman in his hand. "But I must go now."

"Very well." Ricin came closer and the two men clasped forearms. "May Death gaze in your direction and decide to claim you many years from now."

"Thank you." Leo lifted the black metal square to his neck. Small silver prongs protruded from it like tiny needles. He pushed the square against his neck, wincing as the needles pierced his flesh.

He disappeared from the back of his horse.



Ricin turned his horse and bent against the beast’s neck, digging his heels into its side to spur it forward.

***

The sun was rising above the horizon as the battle ended.

King Adam knelt on the ground, still in the shadow of darkness, his arms tied behind his back. Blood trickled from a small cut on his scalp, but he held his head high and glared at his captor.

Lenidas and the fourÉlua stood in front of the king, Lenidas in front. With an expression of boredom, he looked down at the defeated man and tsked. "You should have brought more men, Highness." He glanced at the broken camp with dead bodies sprawled everywhere. "Another twenty would have made the contest more even."

King Adam glared at him without speaking.

Lenidas chuckled. "I must admit that I expected to see surprise on your face." He tapped his chest. "Almost a year after killing your father in cold blood, your old friend comes back from the dead and attacks you in the middle of nowhere, defeating you and your troops with only a handful of his own men." He laughed and shook his head. "It’s the stuff of grand stories, is it not?"

The king looked away and blinked.

"Look at me, dammit!" Lenidas screamed, leaning down to grab a fistful of the monarch’s hair and yank his head back. "You will not sit silent on the ground while I kill you."

King Adam winced and continued to glare at Lenidas. After a moment, his eyes became less angry. He began to laugh.

"Stop it," Lenidas demanded, but the laughter continued, getting louder. He let go of the king and shook his head. "He’s gone mad from the shock."

The laughter stopped. "What shock?" The king’s tone conveyed disgust. "You think finding you alive comes as a surprise to me? Not by a long shot."

"Really?" Lenidas squatted down, resting one elbow on his knee. "You knew I was alive?"

"Of course."

The doctor spoke from behind Lenidas. "You knew it wasn’t Leo who was killed by the guards?"

The king met the doctor’s eyes and he nodded. "I knew it wasn’t Leo. I also knew it wasn’t the man standing before us now."

Mouse swore. "I knew it."

"What?" Oak looked at Mouse and then the king.

"This isn’t Leo," King Adam said. "He’s Leo’s twin brother."

Lenidas chuckled. "Don’t listen to him. That’s the most ridiculous story I’ve heard and it won’t save your life, Adam."

"Wait." Stick’s eyes scanned the area. "Tell us what the king is speaking about, Leo."

Lenidas drew his sword. "There’s nothing to tell." He swung the blade toward the king’s neck. The blade descended quickly, but a wooden fighting stick blocked the blow and sent the sword flying into the grass.

Lenidas’s eyes snapped towards theÉlua. Stick was already closing the distance between them, one fighting stick in his left hand, pulled back to strike. Stick was quick, but Lenidas was faster. He sidestepped the attack and lashed out, striking his opponent with the edge of his hand and catching him behind the ear. Stick hit the ground with a thud but sprang back up. His recovery was not fast enough to avoid the next strike. Lenidas’s foot hit him in the stomach and he slumped to the ground once more, gasping and clawing at the grass.

Before anyone else could move, Lenidas drew the dagger from his hip and rushed toward the king.

Leo materialized out of thin air beside Lenidas, gripped his arm and wrenched it backwards, sending him sprawling.

Lenidas rolled and regained his feet, a smile on his face as he knelt like a cat preparing to spring into action. "Well, this is awkward."

"It’s over." Leo stepped in front of King Adam and drew his sword. "You can’t best me in combat."

Lenidas laughed and stood, waving the dagger in his hand. "Not with this. Give me a sword and we can make it a very interesting contest. There was a time when I could best you two out of five matches."

"We are no longer playing for points." Leo spat. "Now that you have exposed yourself, it is time to die."

"Brother." Lenidas shook his head and took a step to his left. "Neither of us need die. We could both prosper from this."

"I’m not your brother," Leo hissed.

Lenidas shrugged. "Brother. Clone. No one here knows the difference, so why add confusing new words to the local vocabulary before it’s required?"

Leo took a step closer to Lenidas and the other man jumped backward. "The Chronicler sends his regards."

"He gave you a chip to get here?" Lenidas smiled and sidled closer to the sword lying on the ground. "That’s against the rules, but I suppose he justified it as payback for me stealing the tome."

"If I’d known about that I would have returned sooner."

"Why leave at all?" Lenidas nodded toward the king. "Seems like he knew about me. Why not stay and hunt me?"

"The advantage in that match would go to you. We needed you comfortable and assured that I was not around. Plus, the king did not fully believe you existed." Leo glanced at the king, then back to Lenidas. "Now he does."

Lenidas smiled. He was close to his prize now. "So we have one last duel to decide who continues down the path? That is very sporting of you, brother." He raised one hand and smiled. "I mean clone."

"Leo shook his head. "There will be no duel. Instead, I will distract you with talk and the hope that you might retrieve your sword, allowing Mouse to creep up behind you to stick a blade in your throat."

"That’s a grand—" Lenidas gurgled as the tip of a blade appeared from his open mouth, blood spraying. Mouse grabbed the man by the hair and pulled back, pushing the weapon into the back of Lenidas’neck. Eyes wide, Lenidas grasped his throat and fell forward, dead as he hit the ground.





69

The servant led Leo into the main chamber and pointed to the large table in front of the throne. "Lord Argon will be with you in a moment. Please be seated."

"Thank you, but I’m used to standing while I wait."

Laughter sounded from the opposite door as Lord Argon entered. He moved toward his throne and Leo could not help but notice the difference that a year had made on the alley lord.

He looks older. Still a strong man, but older. Still a great beast of a man that I would not want to face in a fight. Leo bowed. "It is good to see you again, Lord. I trust that my tribute continued to be paid on time in my absence?"

Argon approached the younger man and hugged him. "It does my eyes good to see you, lad." He slapped Leo on the back, then pushed him away. "And to answer your question, yes, the pretender paid his tribute on time."

Argon took his seat while Leo poured two glasses of wine. He presented a goblet to the alley lord and sat at the table. "I assume you knew I was alive all along."

Argon laughed and nodded. "We did, aye. Lissandra cast her net wide and reported that you were living at sea." He frowned and took a sip of wine. "Then, a few months ago, you disappeared. I was convinced you were slain."

The sound of Lissandra’s laughter made Leo lean forward so he could see past Argon and watch her emerge from the shadows behind the throne. Leo stared at her in awe.

She is more beautiful than the day I first saw her. Age has not touched her.

Lissandra put one hand on the back of the throne as she walked around it, letting her hand glide down until it touched Lord Argon’s face. "I assured the old wolf that you were fine." She kissed Argon on the cheek, then turned to face Leo. "You met a water mage, right?"

"Yes."

She rushed down the steps and placed one hand on Leo’s shoulder. "I knew it." It was clear from the tone of her voice that she was excited. "My awareness of you ended so abruptly that I knew it had to be magic." She raised one eyebrow. "Or a sea creature biting you in half. Still, it felt as if another magic user had severed my link." She sat down beside him and leaned forward, one hand on his lap. "Tell me all about him." She slapped his leg and her eyes widened. "Or was it a her?"

"Lissandra." Lord Argon laughed. "Leave off the boy, will you? I swear you sound like a teenage girl just returned from her first visit to the Pits."

She turned and looked at the alley lord. "Argon, I’ve told you how rare and difficult it is to run across a water mage. If you knew how many times I’ve roamed the oceans looking for one . . . the spells and magic they have access to could help me gain power in certain areas that would help all of us. I swear by the gods if you—"

"Okay, enough." Argon held up his hand and smiled. "There will be plenty of time to speak with Leo about that. Now come sit on my lap. We both know what I am about to do and I require your body touching mine as support."

Lissandra stood and glided toward her lord, sitting on his lap and nuzzling her face into his neck. She whispered something and tugged on his beard.

"Stop it." He laughed as if being tickled.

Leo smiled and watched the two carry on for a few moments before Argon seemed to remember that Leo was there. He hissed at Lissandra and she giggled once before stopping to look at Leo.

"I have recently come to a major decision," Lord Argon announced.

"What would that be, Lord?"

"I think it is time for me to retire as alley lord."

Leo’s eyebrows raised. "That is a serious decision, Lord. Are you certain?"

"I am. Most alley lords end their careers without their head attached to their shoulders, or with a blade planted in their back." He shook his head. "There is no need for me to go out that way. I am still young."

Lissandra snickered.

He pushed her off his lap, smacked her bottom, and pulled her back onto him before she could protest. "Young enough and strong enough to keep a woman such as this entertained."

"I can’t disagree with that." She bit his cheek playfully.

"Oak is in his prime and it would be unfair to all involved to keep him from this throne."

"He is the perfect choice for your replacement, Lord."

"I thought you would agree, although your rank and position within my court entitles you to demand the title as well."

"Me? Oak is like a brother to me. More than that. I would not challenge him for what is rightly his."

"I am pleased to hear that."

"Where will you go?" Leo asked.

"Retire to a house in the country somewhere."

"And when you get bored of that?"

Argon smiled. "Yes. A few weeks after retiring I will need something to do. Do you have any suggestions?"

"My lord?"

"Will you hire me to work for you in some capacity?"

Leo considered the request and shook his head. "I’m afraid not."

Argon frowned. "Why not?"

"To hire you would not be right."

"Damn it!"

"I would bring you on as a business partner, however."

Lord Argon’s frown disappeared. "That does sound better." He grinned. "Tell me what you have in mind."





70

The Chronicler looked up from his desk as the door opened, placed the feather-quilled pen onto its holder, and stood. "Welcome. Please sit down."

Leo nodded and sat. "I did not think to be here again until I turned forty."

The Chronicler smiled and took his seat. "That is the wondrous thing about life, isn’t it? Plans change."

Leo reached into his breast pocket and withdrew the black chip. "Thank you for this. It came in extremely handy." He placed it on the desk and leaned back.

The older man opened a drawer, picked up the chip, and placed it inside. "I’m glad. It would have been unfortunate if Lenidas had managed to steal your life."

"I wasn’t expecting that from him."

"It was clever."

Leo nodded.

The Chronicler walked to the bookshelf behind him and scanned the volumes of identical books. "Recite your accomplishments to date."

"I have created bothÉlua andélu. I have befriended a king and introduced xai to the world. I was fortunate enough to meet and befriend Ricin."

"Finding Ricin was a pleasant surprise," the Chronicler admitted. "Have you invited King Adam to becomeÉlua?"

Leo shook his head. "Not yet."

"Everything in its time." The Chronicler selected a tome from the bookshelf and returned to his desk. He opened it to a blank page and retrieved his pen. "I have questions."

"Ask them."

"It will require time."

Leo bowed his head. "Take all the time you need, Chronicler."

***

Hours passed while the two men spoke. A servant brought food and they continued speaking while they ate.

Finally, the Chronicler nodded and replaced the lid on the ink. He set the pen to one side and closed the book. "Thank you for the visit, Leo. I am . . . encouraged by what I have heard. Prosper and return to this place, should you reach the age of forty."

"Very well. Will you be alive when I return?"

The older man’s mouth twitched and he smiled. "Do I appear older than when you saw me last?"

"No."

"Perhaps I will look the same twelve years from now. That is my burden, not yours. You must wait and see."

"As you say, Chronicler." Leo bowed and left the room.

***

The Chronicler read the information in the book, then replaced it on the shelf with the other volumes. Then, he walked to the study door and lowered a heavy iron bar, sliding it into place and nodding as it glowed with a red aura and made a soft humming sound, securing the door against any entry from the other side.

He removed his heavy black cloak and approached a section of the wall, pulling back the large tapestry. He touched three stones. A deep grating sound came from within the wall, and a section pulled back to reveal empty space beyond. The Chronicler tapped a pattern against a large round crystal beside of the doorway and misty blue light appeared, swirling as it filled the entire alcove. He took a deep breath and stepped into the mist, gritting his teeth as sparks popped off his skin like small flashes of lightning. The sparks spread and intensified, crackling and hissing louder as he walked further in. His steps became heavy. Eventually, he reached the back wall, placed both palms against its bright blueness, and screamed, no longer able to contain the pain as a single flash of brilliant lighting enveloped him.

When the lightning disappeared, so had the Chronicler.

***

"Sir?"

The Chronicler looked up. A young man stood over him, holding a white luxurious robe. "Put this on, sir. Are you okay?"

"That depends. What’s your name?"

"Dalton, sir."

The Chronicler stood and grunted, accepting the robe and rolling his head back and forth as the pain which had, a moment ago, felt like fire shooting through every nerve ending in his body, faded.

"Dalton is correct, is it not?" The younger man sounded worried.

"Yes, yes. Dalton is correct."

The young man sighed. "Excellent, sir. Are you strong enough to go to your office?"

"Yes."

"Then follow me. I will have food and drink sent up."

The Chronicler followed his assistant into the hallway, his eyes squinting at the bright artificial lights, his bare feet uncomfortable against the cold, smooth, tile floor. They walked to the end of the hall and the silver steel doors opened with a pleasant chiming sound. Both men stepped into the elevator and Dalton pressed the floor marked‘PH’.

Minutes later, they entered the penthouse suite. The Chronicler walked to the floor-to-ceiling windows and looked down at the sprawling city. It was nighttime and lights filled the landscape below. Dalton approached and handed him a drink, which he accepted and sipped. "Every time I return, I am in awe of how much this place has changed over four hundred years."

"The contrast must be remarkable, sir."

"It is."

A chiming sounded from inside Dalton’s breast pocket. He removed a thin phone and pushed a button. "Hello? Yes, he’s right here. No, he does not have his cell on him yet. Just a second, I’ll see if he is ready to talk." Dalton put his hand over the mouthpiece. "Sir?"

The older man reached for the phone and held it to his ear. "What is it?" He listened for a moment, then frowned. "Fine. Call a meeting for tomorrow. Gather everyone at nine a.m. Of course I’ll be fine by then. There’s nothing wrong with me now." He handed the phone to Dalton and took another sip of alcohol.

"Will there be anything else, Mr. Wrathson?" Dalton asked.

"Not tonight, Dalton." The old man looked down at the immense city, taking another drink from his glass.



To Be Continued…

Want access to exclusive offers and new material before anyone else?

Click Here

www.terryschott.com





