Contents





Title

Copyright

Dedication

Foreward

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19

Chapter 20

Chapter 21

Chapter 22

Chapter 23

Chapter 24

Chapter 25

Chapter 26

Chapter 27

Chapter 28

Chapter 29

Chapter 30

Chapter 31

Chapter 32

Chapter 33

Chapter 34

Chapter 35

Chapter 36

Chapter 37

Chapter 38

Chapter 39

Chapter 40

Chapter 41

Book End

Author's Note





Delvers LLC: Welcome to Ludus

Delvers LLC Book One





By Blaise Corvin





Delvers LLC: Welcome to Ludus

Copyright ©2016 by Blaise Corvin

All rights reserved.

No part of this work may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.





Many Thanks



I was going to just leave a simple dedication, a "For so-and-so." This idea still appeals to me, but I have to be honest: I have way too many people to thank for that shit to fly.

First I have to thank Ashley for enduring my absence as I basically worked two full time jobs.

Thank you Nausha C. for exercising my brain in school during the darkest time of my life.

Thank you Drew Hayes for being responsive and encouraging to a brand new, ignorant, would-be writer.

A big thank you to Clifford for beta reading my awful work prior to writing the Delvers series. The man has the patience of a saint.

Thank you Grandma Lucy for listening to all my rambling cheeseburger stories when I was nine years old. I think this planted the seed that infected me, causing me to never give up on writing.

Thank you to all my readers for the moral support and advice!

And last but not least, thank you to my various writing groups for letting me toss around ideas like fish at the Pike Place Market.

Other writers may not need so much help and encouragement, but I will take every bit I can get!



-BC





Foreword



Hello readers! This book is the first in a series and is what I would classify as a subtle LitRPG Fantasy adventure.

You might be curious what LitRPG is. The acronym literally means, Literary (or Literature) RPG (Role Playing Game). These types of stories have been extremely popular in Russia and other countries. They're just now making an impact in the West!

LitRPG is usually a funky mix of Fantasy and Sci Fi. The types of stories can vary, but what most LitRPG novels have in common is some clear method of progression (like leveling up) as well as a setting that most gamers can immediately relate to.

I really had a lot of fun writing this book. If you'd like to visit my web serial website, the URL is http://blaise-corvin.com/

I also have a writer's note in the back of the book with a whole mess of links as well as a few reading suggestions.

I hope you enjoy your time on Ludus with Henry and Jason!





Another Planet

Jason had no idea what the hell just happened. He blinked at Henry and slowly looked around, keeping the rest of his body completely still. When his eyes met Henry's again, only the wild shock he saw on his friend's face convinced him he was not imagining things. Well, that and his butt still itched from a mosquito bite he'd gotten earlier that day. The discomfort of the insect bite and the sound of the soft breeze rustling through the grass somehow drove home his reality.

He definitely wasn't dreaming.

Both men stood in modern martial arts protective gear, holding polypropylene training swords in guard positions. The hill they stood on rose out of a small valley, surrounded by flowers poking up out of long grass that swayed in the light breeze. The clouds overhead served as a patchwork ceiling for the mountains in the distance. It was a beautiful place. The only problem was that seconds earlier, both men had been surrounded by a wooden fence in Jason's backyard.

Jason glanced down at his feet, continuing to keep the rest of his body still, and saw he was crushing some flowers. He thought back carefully to the moment he'd suddenly found himself in the field and barely remembered feeling a slight drop before hitting the ground again.

Almost at the same time he lowered his training sword, he saw Henry do the same. Henry's short goatee complimented his Asian features, and he looked casually comfortable in sweats and training gear, same as he always looked. Jason had always been at little jealous of how Henry could pull that off. Jason felt awkward and gangly in anything he wore.

He took his fencing mask and padded helmet off, turning in place to glance behind him. He couldn't see any buildings or other signs of civilization anywhere. He was about to ask Henry what was going on when a loud voice thundered, "Hello!" Jason was almost startled out of his skin.

While he was still remembering how to breathe and putting his heart back in his chest, Jason realized the voice had come from above him. He looked up and saw a huge man wearing odd clothing and a mocking grin hovering in midair about thirty feet off the ground. It was obvious the giant was aware how badly he'd startled both men on the ground. Jason immediately disliked him, the feeling transcending his surprise at meeting a ten-foot-tall man who could defy gravity.

The man in the air wore clothes that left strange places, like his knees, uncovered but flowed and gathered in other odd areas, like his wrists. His clothing's colors were all over the place too. It sort of looked like he'd tried wearing a few different outfits composed of every color of the rainbow all at once. And beneath all of that, Jason could see flashes of metal as well as tools of some sort hanging off of a belt. The huge man's somehow graceful legs ended in stone sandals, and his head bore a crown of the same material. His face was completely hairless, and his facial structure was subtly different from any Jason had ever seen before. He looked like an idealized version of a man.

The man bowed in midair, spread his arms and said, "You'll have to forgive me for skipping the small talk, but I've transported so many of you disgusting little Terrans to this planet that I no longer bother. It's not personal. You may call me Dolos, the Great God Dolos!" He seemed to wait a few seconds for signs of recognition at the name, but Jason and Henry were too busy staring with their mouths open. Dolos made an impatient gesture and grunted.

"Of course I already know who you two are." He pointed at Jason and said, "Jason James Booth, twenty-seven Terran years old, working in IT, single, nothing all that amazing about you. You have an embarrassing fondness for children's cartoons and candy. I doubt that you will survive long."

Then he pointed at Henry. "And you, Henry Mirai Sato, twenty-nine years old, recently divorced, used to be a US Army combat medic but worked as an EMT for the last few years. You dropped out of college to work full time because your mother got cancer and your family needed money." Dolos smiled grimly and said, "You probably have a better chance of survival than your friend, but I doubt you will live more than a week either."

And just like that, Jason's shock and fear began to evaporate. Rather than stunning or amazing him as Dolos had probably intended, the brief summaries of their lives just pissed him off; this floating guy was a dickhead. He began opening his mouth to say so, but Henry was already asking, "What do you want with us?"

Dolos rolled his eyes. "Me, me, me... I, I, I... that's all you people ever say."

Jason tried to suppress his irritation and confusion. He scowled and said, "Well, didn't you just transport us here? Doesn't that by definition make this about us?"

The man in the air sighed. "See, this is why I can't stand Terrans. Instead of being appropriately awestruck and appreciative that I didn't miscalculate your travel over hundreds of lightyears almost instantaneously, you give me cheek. Seriously, why aren't you people on your knees or begging for mercy or something? Where is the adoration? You aren't even pissing yourselves. The universe is going to hell, I swear."

Jason glanced at Henry and saw his friend pressing his lips together. He recognized this expression; Henry was fighting down his temper in order to think. Jason screwed up his courage, controlled his frustration, and coughed before asking, "Uh, sir, could you tell us why we're here?"

"You're where I wanted you to be. This is my experiment planet, Ludus. I really despise working with you filthy little Terrans, but at least your creation has furthered my own goals. I'm very proud of my research here. I needed new stock, so here you are."

"An experiment planet?" asked Jason.

"Yes. I don't care what the other Griseus are doing on your squalid little Terra, but I'm thankful you were created. Throwing Terrans into the mix on Ludus has yielded some surprising data. Anyway, I'm sure you will figure it out, well, maybe not. Either way, I'm hoping you'll live long enough to rub two brain cells together. Terrans are resilient like cockroaches after all. Worst creature Lilith ever created, cockroaches."

Dolos made a gesture, and a bag fell out of midair a dozen feet away. "Here are some toys for you to play with. Please don't die too fast, or I won't be able to get decent data from your short and meaningless lives."

Henry broke his silence, shouting, "Listen asshole, hold on a minute. What reason do we have to do anything? You haven't told us if we will ever see Earth again or even explained what any of this is about at all! Where the hell are we?"

Dolos narrowed his eyes, and the ground began to shake. He said very quietly, "I don't like being talked to that way. Why shouldn't I just obliterate you right now?"

Henry clenched his jaw. Jason winced. When Henry was angry, very little could make him back down. His friend squared his shoulders and snarled, "Because you just complained about how it was a struggle to bring us here. You wouldn't have spent any energy in the first place if it wasn't worth it to you. Killing us would waste all that effort.

"You obviously had time to research us before you transported us here, so we were either targeted or screened. And most importantly, I have no idea what the fuck is going on, and if I can never get home, I'm not sure how much I care about living anyway. Either start talking or kill me, motherfucker!"

Jason looked down as ground shook more, but he felt an odd sense of calm. He would have said his piece differently, but he agreed with Henry. What's more, he was oddly okay with the idea of dying while spitting defiance in the face of a god. When the ground stopped shaking and he heard Dolos chuckle, he realized he wasn't going to die after all. Well, at least not immediately anyway.

Dolos shook his head. "Incentives, huh? I will give Terrans this--you don't lack for vigor. Okay, fine... Jason Booth and Henry Sato, if you succeed in conquering and uniting all the kingdoms on this continent, I will send you back to the mudhole you came from. To have any hope, you'd better use the orbs in the bag over there wisely. Read the instructions. Whoever wrote them was very wise. Probably powerful and worth worshipping too." Then without a further word, Dolos laughed as he ascended into the sky, eventually producing a sonic boom as he sped away into the distance.

After a few moments passed, Henry muttered, "Well, that just happened. What an asshole. Do you think he was really a god?"

Jason was still watching the point in the sky that Dolos disappeared to. He said, "Does it really matter at this point?" He was beginning to feel lightheaded.

"I guess not. It's not like our situation is going to change. We really need to figure out what the fuck is going on."

Jason nodded slowly. "I'm going to sit down for a minute." He flopped down on the grass, and both men were quiet for a while. Jason let his mind go blank, preparing to deal with the situation. He ruefully thought, Resetting your brain can work almost as well as resetting a PC.

Henry picked up a small stone and threw it as he stared off into the distance. He said, "What's probably most important now is figuring out where we are. I still don't understand how we were brought here in the first place."

Jason looked down at his forearms thoughtfully. "I have an idea about that, actually." He removed his forearm armor and carefully inspected it. "Nope, I'm not seeing anything out of place, but I bet it was our armor."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, you said that the two sets of HEMA gear you found online were super cheap. Maybe this Dolos wanted people from our planet who were interested in swords or hand-to-hand combat." Jason cocked his head, he felt like he and his friend were forgetting something they should have been doing. "Actually, shouldn't we be freaking out or something? I mean, this did just happen." He waved his hand, indicating the world around them.

Henry shook his head and said, "No, that won't do us any good, and we both know it. I have a few years of scraping people off the pavement to settle my nerves. You're a computer geek, so you're automatically abnormal. I guess neither of us is very normal, whatever the fuck normal means. We still need to figure out what's going on. I keep thinking I'm dreaming, but my dreams usually don't include sweat running down my back."

"Well, you're right that we need more information. There could be some clues over there in that bag." Jason pointed at the duffle bag lying in the grass.

They dumped the duffle bag out and took a quick inventory. Inside was a cheap machete, an unfamiliar map, a medical kit from Target, a Swiss Army pocket knife, a rifle with no bullets, and a wooden box about the size of a Tupperware container.

Henry scratched his head. "Well, this is underwhelming. What's in the box?"

Jason opened the box and saw two rough, folded pieces of paper resting on top of what looked like two small metal marbles. "What the hell?" He unfolded the larger piece of paper and read it out loud:

"Congratulations!

You have been selected by the Great God Dolos to colonize his pleasure planet, Ludus. Like any adventure worth having, living on Ludus has an element of danger!

Great God Dolos, in his wisdom, has seen fit to populate Ludus with most of the major human races: Areva, Mo'hali, Adom, Fideli, and Terrans. He has hidden great treasures all over Ludus for brave colonists to find, but they are all guarded by demons that have inhabited Ludus since the dawn of time!"

Jason looked up from reading. "It is seriously obvious that Dolos wrote this thing by himself."

Henry nodded. "Total ass-clown. What does the rest of it say?"

Jason continued reading:

"The Great God Dolos was searching for people like you to come to Ludus. You have been carefully selected by intricate arcane means to fulfill Dolos' plans. You may find special gear to prepare you for your new life that the generous god Dolos has provided you! (While supplies last)."

Under the printed message, Jason read a hand written note, presumably also by Dolos:

"Too many new additions in the last century who don't know anything. Hair dressers can't build siege weapons. The world is getting boring. Need fighting men. I guess you will do if you don't die. Magic in the box. I will check on you in a year. If you are dead, I will not care.

-D"

Jason looked up again and said, "This guy is just utterly charming."

Henry picked up the second piece of paper and read,

"Each device will confer one magic type of your choosing as well as the ability to understand and speak Luda, the official language of Ludus! When you are ready to accept your blessing from the Great God Dolos, swallow one device and think of the magic you wish to learn all day and again right before you fall asleep.

Great God Dolos is merciful and powerful!"

Henry eyed the two metal marbles sitting in the box warily. "What if they're poison or something?"

"I don't think they would be for the same reasons you told Dolos he won't directly kill us. Plus, it doesn't make sense to poison us with marbles when he probably could have just demolished us where we were standing." Jason felt something tickling the back of his mind while he was answering Henry. He felt like he was missing something important.

"That's true." Henry started to reach for one of the marbles.

Jason held a hand out, stopping him. "We should probably wait until we have more data before using these. I'm getting a strange feeling of familiarity here, and I want to think about this some more first."

Henry nodded, and the two of them gathered up all their new belongings. They kept their sports armor on, and Henry kept the machete without either of them discussing it. Jason was actually the better swordsman, but Henry was a combat vet. Jason knew if it came to violence, Henry had seen more of it than Jason-- including the consequences. Heck, Henry saw terrible stuff every other week with his EMT job.

Henry began walking, and Jason followed while using his polypropylene sword as a walking stick. Jason asked, "Why are we going this direction?"

Henry pointed at the map in his hand. "We need to get to high ground so I can hopefully figure out where the fuck we are. There's a mark on this map that might be our location, but I wanna double check. At least there are lots of landmarks around here."

Jason nodded and kept his silence. They walked for a while longer when Henry suddenly said, "I'm sorry I probably almost got us both fried back there. I'm still surprised you're keeping it together so well, too. I mean, I know I'm a weirdo, and because of what I do for a living, not much phases me anymore... but what about you? To be clear, I'm definitely not complaining."

Jason chuckled grimly. "We've known each other a long time, man. Don't you remember how I had to take my mom to the women's shelter when I was 15? I grew up with an abusive, alcoholic stepfather. Dealing with some floating bully with bad fashion sense isn't going to impress me much these days. Sure, the fact that he's flying is new, but the attitude isn't anything I haven't encountered before, and I'm a grown man now. My freak-out meter is either set really, really high, or it's completely broken now."

Henry nodded and grunted. Jason wasn't sure what it meant. He hadn't mastered the grunt language that Henry defaulted to sometimes.

As they trudged along, Jason wondered why he'd brought up his stepfather. He usually didn't talk much about things from that portion of his past. His nerves must have been truly frayed to casually discuss the worst chapter of his life.

Both men kept walking until they reached the top of a large hill. The sun was beginning to set, and after Henry was sure they were oriented correctly using landmarks on the map, they realized the sun was actually setting to the east. That was going to take some getting used to. Jason was about to tell Henry they should think about making a camp or something when both men saw the goblins in the distance.





Goblins

Henry squinted and strained to observe the goblins walking through a clearing on a hillside about one hundred fifty yards away. They were small and green with huge ears and long noses. Henry judged they were about three and a half feet tall. He actually didn't know what they were, but their general appearance made "goblins" seem an appropriate term.

He and Jason were both flat on their stomachs, looking over the top of a hill. Both men had hit the ground to be less visible as soon as they saw humanoid movement. Well, Henry had, and he'd dragged Jason down with him. Luckily, his HEMA fencing armor was thick enough that the damp forest mulch wasn't uncomfortable and wasn't getting him wet.

Jason whispered, "What do we do?"

Henry frowned and whispered back, "Nothing for right now. We're just being cautious. We don't know for sure they're hostile. For all we know, those things are peaceful and just look weird to us." Right about that time, a few more goblins emerged from the trees leading an old man, a young woman, and a little boy through the clearing. The prisoners were restrained, and it was obvious that they were all in rough shape. A goblin holding a spear brought up the rear and prodded the young boy to walk faster. The boy cried out.

"Oh hell," Henry quietly cursed.

Jason looked resigned, "You know... if we are actually going to survive in this place, we shouldn't get involved."

"Yup."

"But we're going to get involved anyway, aren't we?"

Henry was conflicted. He really didn't want to die. He was also extremely tired and still adjusting to the situation. He'd already had a full weekend of practicing sword drills with Jason before getting zapped to Ludus. He'd also just hiked through the woods for an hour. He had a suspicion that whatever Dolos did to get them here was affecting him too.

Unfortunately, there were some things he knew he couldn't walk away from, certain things he couldn't tolerate because he had to live with himself as long as he still breathed. His moral code was clear on the situation, but he also had his friend to think about. He paused and asked Jason, "What do you think?"

Jason scratched his chin. His tall, lanky frame was sprawled out awkwardly, obviously not used to hiding from prying eyes. His brown hair was uncombed, as usual, and Henry thought he looked like a goof. However, in moments like these, Henry thought Jason's intellect was obvious. He could practically see the gears turning in his friend's mind. Henry would never understand why so many girls found his friend attractive, nor how Jason could be so oblivious to all the attention. It must have been the thin air that tall people had to breathe.

Jason replied, "Well, those people obviously need help. I've never even been in much of a real fight as an adult, but I know a good reason for fighting when I see it. Plus, I know you want to go help those people, and there are worse ways to die than doing something right with a friend."

Henry was touched. He'd hung out with Jason a lot the last few years, especially after his divorce. It was nice to know that their friendship meant as much to Jason as it did to him. Plus it spoke volumes that Jason was willing to watch his back and possibly even die while doing so. They were in a ridiculous situation, they were probably both in shock, but his friend's inherent goodness and integrity seemed to be immutable. Henry wished he was that good of a person.

"Okay, let's move over to that clearing. Try to walk as quietly as possible. Look for straight sticks or small trees we can make into spears."

Jason pointed at their polypropylene practice weapons. "Will these do us any good? You know I'm pretty good with a long sword, but I'm not that great with a spear."

Henry shook his head. He said, "No, those goblins or whatever the fuck they are had metal weapons. Metal will cut right through this stuff." He demonstrated his point by easily cutting into the guard of his training sword with the machete. "Our HEMA armor should help a bit, though. I mean, I'd rather be wearing steel, but this stuff beats a fuckin' T-shirt."

Jason nodded glumly, and after hiding the useless training weapons in a bush, the pair started moving through the forest to where they'd seen the goblins. While they walked, they fashioned a few makeshift spears using the pocket knife from the duffle bag.

Henry noticed that some of the foliage was unlike any he'd ever seen before. Sunlight from the greenish blue sky slanted through trees and lighted on a bush with pretty pink flowers about thirty feet ahead of them. He suddenly froze in his tracks and put an arm out to stop Jason too. Jason looked at him questioningly, but Henry just shook his head.

He wasn't quite sure why he stopped, and he wasn't getting any clues from just staring at the bush. Eventually he grunted, motioning Jason to follow him in a path around the bush and the flowers. Henry had learned to listen to his hunches through painful experience. He was damn sure not going to ignore his gut on a strange planet while moving towards a fight.

When the two men reached the clearing they'd seen the goblins and prisoners pass through, they discovered a well-worn trail. Henry knew that if he and Jason were smart, they'd scout the area around them, do a few days of recon, then formulate a plan of attack with at least ten other people. Unfortunately, their situation sucked. They had no backup, just a cheap machete and a handful of makeshift spears.

Not for the first time, Henry wished he could just walk away from helping other people in terrible circumstances. He just couldn't bring himself to do it, though. Henry knew he was a lot of no-so-great things, but a coward was not one of them.

He was having serious doubts they were going to survive attacking the goblin creatures. He and Jason had only been on another world for a couple hours! He was even thinking about telling Jason to turn back so he could just go ahead by himself until he saw the blood. He squatted down and bent closer. Yes, he could see blood in and around the human footprints. At least one of the prisoners was badly injured.

These people didn't need a martyr; they needed a rescue.

Henry steeled his resolve and felt the strange but familiar calm he always experienced in combat or car crashes--car crashes that most definitely were not his fault. Definitely not his fault. He gestured Jason over and whispered, "We have to be really quiet now while we follow this trail. For all we know, they have a camp a few dozen feet away."

Jason nodded. He asked, "Do we have a plan?"

"I don't. Do you?"

"I was afraid you were going to say that," Jason sighed.

Both men began slowly, carefully, following the trail through the woods. They walked for about fifteen minutes until the path began to snake around a hill. Henry got a bad feeling as they approached a blind corner around a rock outcropping and motioned Jason to be careful.

Jason nervously nodded and readied one of his makeshift spears in one hand, the rest held under his other arm. As they crept forward, Henry smelled a new, acrid odor under the normal, loamy scent of the forest. In two more steps, they came upon a goblin relieving itself against a tree just off the trail. The goblin turned its head as the two men rounded the bend. It was hard to tell which party was more surprised, but Jason acted first.

With a grunt of effort, he whipped his long arm forward, and more by luck than skill, his makeshift spear went right through the goblin's neck. Dark ichor welled up from the terrible wound, and the goblin fell to the ground, trashing around, its eyes dilated and its mouth open as it tried to scream. Luckily, all it could manage was a tortured gurgle. The goblin's loincloth flipped up, and Henry amended, Ah, it's a "he," not an "it."

Henry stepped forward quickly to end the goblin's suffering with his machete. When he turned around, he saw Jason staring at the goblin in sick fascination for a full five seconds before throwing up. Henry left his friend alone to get control of himself and began checking the goblin's gear with clinical detachment. The creature was a mess and smelled horrible, but Henry had seen worse.

Along with the loincloth, the goblin was wearing a crude vest made of hide. The creature also had a small bag with some near-rancid dried meat and a little stoneware water bottle corked with wax. For weapons, the goblin was carrying a flint spear and a long, bronze seax-style knife. Henry thought this goblin could have been the one that stabbed the boy in the clearing. "Serves the little motherfucker right," he muttered.

He stood up and saw Jason was wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. His friend was still a little green, but he was pulling himself back together. Henry tossed him the long, bronze knife and kept the flint spear for himself.

"I'm sorry," Jason whispered. He didn't look at the goblin and kept his eyes on the trail. "It's really dead, right?"

Henry nodded and said, "Yeah, it's dead. Don't worry about it-- your reaction is pretty normal. You've never even gone hunting, have you?"

Jason shook his head. "No. I think what really bothers me is that we don't even know if we are the good guys here. We might have just committed murder."

"No, for better or for worse, we've decided to war on these things." He grimaced. "It's true we're in a new place and this is pretty intense, but it was obvious that those people we saw needed help. Restraining people, making them march while bleeding, and wounding children with weapons are all pretty good signs of being an asshole."

Jason nodded thoughtfully and examined the bronze knife. "This thing is pretty crude, but it actually has good balance for throwing."

"Good, maybe you can throw it then. I know you practice that stuff." Henry nudged the dead goblin with his foot. "This thing didn't have any armor, but we can't be sure that will be the case up ahead."

Jason nodded, and the two men began following the trail again. Adrenaline made Henry's heart beat like crazy, but he tried to be calm. They pushed forward like that for another ten minutes before the trail ended at the entrance to a creepy cave. Two skulls sat on the ground to either side of the opening, and they could see a torch sputtering a few steps inside. There was a faint animal-like smell coming from inside.

Jason gave him a questioning glance, and Henry briefly considered what they should do. In the end, he couldn't think of anything clever and shrugged. He pantomimed walking slowly and looking around, then he put a finger over his lips. Jason nodded, and both men entered the cave, weapons at the ready.

As they moved forward, Henry surreptitiously watched Jason to see whether his friend was going to crack under stress. However, while Jason's hands were shaking and he was swallowing in fear, his eyes were steady and his jaw was clenched. Henry was impressed. The first time he'd seen combat in the Middle East, one of his friends in the army pissed himself. Jason was handling his first WTF moment fairly well, especially since they were walking into a dark, fucked up, creepy-ass cave, tracking down fantasy creatures for a fight to the death.

Henry thought it was strange that the goblins didn't have a lookout posted. He cocked his head and listened while the nearby torch cast shadows against the wall next to him. He thought he could hear something in the distance. The little bits of noise he caught made his hackles rise.

They continued deeper into the cave, and the smell kept growing worse the deeper they got. The lonely pools of torchlight gave barely enough illumination to see by as they crept forward. The walls perspired with dirty water, and the cave's stone floor was pitted with random, shallow holes. A deep, natural rut almost twisted Henry's ankle, and he was barely able to steady himself in time.

The cave eventually turned into a natural tunnel, and the noises ahead bounced around in disconcerting ways. Henry could see more concentrated torchlight coming from where the cave started to open up again. He got low, motioning for Jason to do the same, and they moved forward cautiously until they could see into the area ahead.

The scene they were greeted with was horrific. The chamber before them was actually a few feet lower than where they were crouched down, a natural ramp leading from the tunnel down to the floor. The old man they'd seen earlier in the clearing was lying in a heap against the wall, a bump on his head and blood leaking from his temple. The woman was being held down by two goblins while a third was cutting off her clothes with a stone knife. She was screaming, her voice weak and desperate. Every time she tried to struggle, one of the goblins casually hit her in the face with the back of its hand. The little boy...

Henry swallowed. He'd seen some terrible things in war and while working as an emergency responder, but it always hit him hardest when kids got hurt. What he was seeing... he knew he was going to have nightmares. More nightmares. The boy was dead, and two goblins were butchering the body as if it were the carcass of an animal. Blood spread in an enormous pool on the floor in an area that seemed dug out as a fire pit.

Henry noted in a detached sort of way that the goblins probably butchered things in the fire pits while they weren't being used and then built fires to burn up the offal.

One goblin that was bigger than the others wore crude bone armor and stood by a torch, observing the butchery with a smile. Henry figured he was the boss goblin. He counted a total of six goblins including the armored boss; he assumed all of them were male. Henry glanced at Jason and saw tears in his friend's eyes. He had a feeling that Jason was no longer conflicted with the morality of killing goblins or whatever these fucking things were.

Henry held out a hand, and Jason handed him one of the crude, green wood spears. He held up three fingers, then two, then one, counting down. Jason's eyes were wild, but his shoulders were squared and his nostrils flared. For the second time that day, Henry felt honored to know his friend. He knew they might die in the next few minutes, but he felt deep pride in the course of action they were taking. He was damn sure not going to walk away from evil like this, and he respected his friend's courage in joining him.

As soon as Henry made a fist, both men jumped up and attacked, their yells blending with the screams of the woman on the floor and the chittering of goblins.





Battle in the Cave

The first spear Jason threw hit one of the goblins squatting over the butchered boy. He saw the goblin next to it go down too, Henry's greenwood spear sticking out of its back. Jason felt tears running down his cheeks as he screamed in defiance and fear.

The goblins were caught completely off guard; most of their weapons were stacked in the corner of the room. Jason thanked God for small favors. He knew that without the element of surprise, he and Henry would probably already be dead.

After the first two goblins went down, Henry ran forward to the goblin on top of the woman and nearly decapitated it with a mighty swing of his machete. The goblin died, pawing at its neck while blood drenched its filthy clothing. Then Henry spun and used his remaining spear in one hand, his machete in the other, and held off the two remaining goblins near the woman.

Jason found himself facing off against the boss goblin. In any other circumstance, he would have been hesitant about a life or death battle with a capable-looking fantasy monster, but the horror of the butchered boy gave him crystal clear focus. Just like he'd always done in training, he slightly unfocused his eyes and watched the movements of his opponent. He ignored the tears and snot running down his face.

The goblin boss was about four feet tall. Jason had a hard time regarding the goblin as a "he," a thinking creature. He decided to think of the goblins as "its," monsters. The boss goblin's armor looked primarily made of bone held together with sinew, and Jason knew that his improvised wooden spears wouldn't be much use against it. This meant he had to aim for unprotected areas like the head, legs, and arms.

The goblin carried an old-looking, tarnished bronze sword and a shield made of hide. The goblin shrieked something at Jason, spittle foaming at the corners of its mouth. Jason kept calm and jabbed at its exposed areas while parrying with the two spears he still held in his other hand.

The goblin was nimble and surprisingly strong. Jason noticed that the two creatures Henry was fighting were both armed with stone knives and his friend was about to be overwhelmed. Jason made a split-second decision and took a risk. He hurled a spear at the goblin boss to get some breathing room, stepped back, and threw his bronze knife at one of Henry's opponents. The knife hit point first, but Jason's aim was off; he only managed to impale its thigh. It was enough, though.

The wounded goblin slowed down noticeably from the wound, and Henry was able to stab it in the chest with the flint spear. Then Henry sprang back, blocked a wild swing, and used his machete to finish off the other goblin.

The goblin boss would have killed Jason if not for his HEMA armor, and the training gear gave just enough protection to stop the bronze sword from cutting him to ribbons. His arm holding his blocking spear was numb, and he was covered in bruises, though. He had to grit his teeth and fight through the pain; his lungs became even more desperate for air.

After Henry ruthlessly chopped each of the goblins on the floor to ensure they were down for good, he flanked the goblin boss. Henry and Jason worked together to kill the leader, but it still put up one hell of a fight. The armored monster was surprisingly skilled. The bronze sword it used may have looked old, but it was still sharp and effective. By the time the boss went down, Jason's blocking spear was just one or two more chops away from being cut through.

Then all the goblins were dead. The only sounds in the dank, bloody, horrifying cave were Jason and Henry's labored breathing. The woman on the ground had long since stopped screaming and was watching them with huge eyes, eyes that now carried a glimmer of hope. Henry shook his head and mumbled, "What kind of fucked up world is this?" Jason could only silently agree with his assessment.

He was exhausted, but he slowly plodded forward, approaching the traumatized woman, and knelt down so he could talk to her at eye level. This close, Jason noticed that she was younger than he had originally thought and might be pretty under all the grime and filth. Her tawny skin was scratched all over. The girl's ambiguous racial background gave her an exotic look. "Are you okay?" he asked.

The girl scrunched up her nose, holding back tears, and responded in a language Jason had never heard before. He shook his head and asked, "Do you speak English?" As soon as the words left his mouth, he knew how stupid he sounded. He was on another planet, somehow a sword-and-sorcery planet, and he'd just asked a local if she spoke English. Stupid, stupid, stupid, awkward Jason. People on new planets aren't going to speak English! At this rate, I'll have to change my name to Daniel Jackson.

The girl looked down, "Yes, I speak, but I not perfect." Jason's jaw dropped. He glanced back at Henry and saw his friend was trying to wake the injured old man with no success. When Jason turned back to the girl, she was gazing at the old man with concern and obvious distress. "Man is grandfather. Please let help."

He nodded dumbly and helped the girl to her feet as she tried holding the tatters of her clothing together. She knelt down next to the old man, closed her eyes, and placed a hand on his head. Jason gasped as her palm suddenly began to glow.

He watched in fascination as the girl's hand continued glowing and the old man's injuries healed before his eyes. He'd never seen anything like it before. Based on the letter Dolos had given them coupled with his experiences so far, Jason was willing to believe magic existed on this world. However, actually seeing it in person was amazing.

After the girl was done, the old, umber-skinned man no longer had any visible wounds. He began to breathe more easily. The girl looked exhausted and sat limply on the cave floor. She obviously didn't have the energy anymore to care about her destroyed clothes. As Henry gathered up all the weapons, Jason sat down and organized his thoughts.

He kept his eyes off to the side of the girl, not looking directly at her exposed body, and asked, "How do you know English?"

She pointed at the old man on the floor and replied, "Grandfather from Africa."

Well, that explained some things, but the implications were disturbing. It seemed Dolos might have been telling truth. "My name is Jason. What is your name?"

"My name Mareen."

Jason struggled with how to ask his next question. "Mareen, how did you heal that man?"

Mareen didn't understand the question, as evidenced by a shake of her head. Jason tried again, "Man sick, now not sick. You did?"

"Ah!" Mareen nodded. "Grandfather." She shrugged and said, "I am magic."

"You mean you used magic?"

"I used magic. Body magic."

"Mareen, can you help that boy over there?" Jason pointed at the corpse of the boy on the floor of the cave.

Mareen glanced over but quickly looked away and began to quietly sob. Jason let her have a few moments. Mareen shook her head. "Boy gone."

Jason wanted to ask more questions, but Henry laid a hand on his shoulder. Jason immediately understood--they needed to get away from cave. Fast. There was no telling whether more goblins might show up.

After the men gathered anything that looked useful, including the boss goblin's bronze sword, Mareen helped them haul their makeshift weapons while Jason carried her grandfather in a fireman's carry.

They made pretty good time at first, probably because their bodies were still pumped full of adrenaline. Henry led the way back the direction they'd come on the goblin trail. Jason was tired and confused. He whispered, "Henry, why are we going this way?"

His friend whispered back, "Tracks. We can't make a new trail from the cave." Jason nodded.

Luckily, they didn't see any more goblins. They turned off the path into the forest a little way past the clearing where Henry and Jason had first found the goblin trail. Then they walked about a quarter mile before lying down to watch the way they'd come. Mareen busied herself tending to her grandfather behind them.

Jason was still shaky, but he gradually forced himself to calm down, approaching the situation like a programming problem. He needed to frame everything with logic so he could rationally process what had happened. He was about to ask Mareen if she could fight with magic but answered his own question. If she could, she wouldn't have been captured. It irritated him that Henry probably hadn't asked because he'd already come to that conclusion.

He glanced over at Henry and noticed his friend looked bored. That figures. Nothing ever seemed to affect Henry in any way other than temporarily pissing him off. He sighed.

Jason still felt like a bucket of raw nerves, but he managed to slow his breathing. It was quiet in the forest other than the sound of Mareen whispering to her grandfather. They waited for about half an hour in breathless anticipation. Jason tightly gripped the late goblin boss's bronze sword, but nothing happened. No new goblins came screaming out of the trees.

Eventually, Henry tapped Jason on the shoulder and whispered, "We should get going. Best I can figure, Mareen says her home is probably a few miles from here going downhill." Jason nodded tiredly.

Once again, the two men and Mareen gathered everything up. This time Jason carried Mareen's grandfather. It was slow going. Walking downhill while carrying heavy weight, especially over uneven terrain, was exhausting. After about half a mile, Jason switched with Henry. After that, they switched off every quarter mile or so.

Through his exhaustion, Jason blearily wondered if the day got dark or whether the trees were just blocking most of the light. He could hardly see where he was going. In fact, the next two hours were a blur. Jason concentrated on putting one foot in front of the other. He was so tired, so very, very tired. He just wanted to lie down and rest.

No, he had to keep going. He knew the woman with them and the old man he was carrying were depending on him. He wouldn't let them down. He would never let anyone down again. He'd already let his mom down enough when he was a kid. He had to take that shame to his grave, but he refused to add any more to it as long as he had any strength left in him.

By the time the old man woke up, Jason was so tired he was practically sleepwalking. He couldn't remember if anything was said. It was possible he heard people talking; it was possible he even spoke himself, but he couldn't remember. The only thing that really registered before he passed out was excited people carrying lights--maybe torches, he wasn't sure--and helping him the rest of the way to where he was finally able to collapse in a heap. Jason dreamt that goblins were driving race cars and kept running into things. He had to keep fixing everything they destroyed with magic.





The Village

Henry woke up and stared at the ceiling for a moment before he remembered everything that had happened. He was currently lying on a rustic, handmade bed in a cabin made of rough-hewn logs. He glanced over and saw Jason still asleep on another bed, slightly drooling.

Henry shook his head and wearily rolled his eyes. He got up and winced. His entire body felt like a bunch of little gnomes had beaten him with miniature baseball bats for an hour straight. At least I'm alive. The thought was cold comfort. At least we killed the evil little fuckers. He grinned nastily--that thought made him feel better.

He and Jason were alone. He wandered around for a while trying to figure out how to deal with his call of nature until he found an outhouse behind the building. After relieving himself, he found the duffle bag and his equipment at the front of the house. He sat down to think for a while then took out the mysterious box with the spheres again. He reread the notes from Dolos and stared into space, thinking about the two mysterious balls that had come with the letter.

Eventually Jason stumbled out of the house, yawning. He winced and asked, "Does your whole body hurt too?"

Henry nodded. "Yeah, fighting for your life tends to have that effect."

Jason stretched and asked, "Is there a toilet anywhere?"

Henry mutely pointed rearwards with a thumb and went back to pondering their situation. By the looks of things, it was getting on to late afternoon, almost twilight. He and Jason had slept a while but not as long as he'd first thought. Either that or days on this new world were different, which was a definite possibility. He decided to shelve the matter for the time being.

One thing was painfully clear-- if he and Jason were ever going to get home, they had to get stronger. They also needed intel. Badly.

When Jason got back from the outhouse, Henry told him what was on his mind. Jason said, "Yes, I was thinking the same thing. We almost died for real. We'd probably be better off if we could just look the other way and mind our own business, but apparently that isn't going to happen."

Henry scratched his chest and said, "Yet knowing you, you probably have an idea."

Jason grinned. "You bet. I want to let it sit for a while, though. Let's find out about how magic works in this world and about the races mentioned in the note before we make any decisions."

Henry nodded--that made sense. He wasn't surprised. Over the years, he and Jason had figured out each other's strengths and weaknesses. When it came to quick thinking, being decisive, Henry had the edge. But with long-term strategy, Jason was like a fish to water. In fact, Jason had mentioned before that he'd played chess in high school and was actually pretty good.

The two friends got up and began to wander around, their sore muscles making them shuffle like zombies. Henry quickly realized that the cottage they'd woken up in was one of several small buildings. It looked like a few families had settled down in the area. Once he realized what sort of place their hosts led them to, he tried figuring out where all the people had gone.

Jason accompanied him as he explored, and they eventually found everyone in a large house at the center of the clearing. They could hear the sounds of voices before ever actually seeing anyone. The door to the large cottage was open, and when he glanced in, Henry could see a group of people sitting down while two men stood talking. It looked like a town meeting of some kind. Henry tapped Jason on the shoulder and put his finger to his lips, and his tall, gangly friend nodded. They both wanted to observe for a while.

After paying closer attention, Henry could see that one of the men standing up and addressing the rest of the group was the old man they'd rescued from the goblin cave. The other man had swarthy skin and looked about the same age, but while Mareen's grandfather was calmly speaking, the other man was angry, yelling and gesturing violently.

Henry watched the crowd and counted about a dozen other adults and a few children present. He caught a glimpse of Mareen in the crowd. He was glad she seemed safe and healthy, but he noticed she looked worried.

He wished he understood what was being said, but everyone was speaking an unfamiliar language. To his ears, it sounded like a cross between German and Spanish. However, he knew he sucked with languages, so his guess probably wasn't the best.

After his grandmother had moved to the United States, she'd been appalled that his father never taught him Japanese. She had immediately spent a few years trying to remedy the oversight. By that time it was already too late, though. Henry could speak just enough Japanese to know how bad he was at it. He definitely would never have called himself bilingual.

As he watched, one of the children glanced over and gasped. She excitedly tugged on her mother's skirt and pointed at Henry and Jason standing outside. Then her mother said something, and the town meeting stopped. Mareen and her grandfather walked outside while some of the villagers watched from inside the building. Most were curious, but others were obviously afraid. The old man that'd been arguing with Mareen's grandfather glared at them.

Mareen's dark brown hair bounced as she came to a stop, and her green eyes twinkled. She was wearing a clean, plain dress that looked made of cotton. She greeted them with broken English, "You awake now. Good!"

Her grandfather patted her on the shoulder and said in accented English, "Yeah, you two were sleepin' for such a long time that we were beginnin' to worry. Well, I s'pose it's fair. You did clean out an entire goblin cave by yourselfs. I'm assumin' you just got ta this world too. Ah, where my manners? My name is George."

As George shook hands with him and Jason, Henry mentally shook his head. He didn't know how long he'd been out, but seeing George and Mareen behaving somewhat normally despite the ordeal they'd just gone through meant these must be very tough people. Mareen's healing magic probably had no way to fix emotional trauma. Then again, he was currently standing in the middle of a village in a fantasy world. These people would have to be tough to survive.

While Henry pondered the people they'd rescued, he heard Jason say, "Nice to meet you, George. I'm Jason, and my grumpy friend here is Henry. I'm glad somebody around here speaks English."

"Izit? I've actually been jawin' to Mareen in English when you were sleepin' so I coo be a little less rusty, you know? Whole thing making me a loskop today, you know? Itz been about ten years since I spoke with someone else like you lot. You can probably tell by my accent that I'm not from the United States like you, you know? I can still recognize that accent, for sure. I was from South Africa and working in Brazil before I was taken to this... place." George's smile dropped. "That's been over 30 years."

Henry cocked his head. "There are more of us here from our world?"

"All humans on this place are from Earth. Dolos has been taking us here for thousands of years from what I know. Right now there not too many people still living that remember the Earth, but more than you might think! Of course, we're from all over the fokking place on Earth and scattered all over on this planet so..."

Jason nodded and said, "It's probably hard to keep in touch. So what is your meeting about?"

"I am actually mayor of this village, well, close enough." George frowned. "The majority of us want ta move. This new goblin mess driving home how dangerous this area become, and there are not enough of us to protect the place. Not everyone is happy, you know? Actually, if you could wait for us back at my house where you woke up, me and Mareen should be done soon. We can talk more then, just now."

George's rusty English combined with his accent was a little confusing, but Henry knew a polite dismissal when he heard one. He swatted Jason on the arm and began heading back. He thought about their situation while he walked and realized he and Jason were flying blind.

Jason whispered, "Hey, I thought I saw a book with English written on it in the house before we left. Let's go take a look before George and Mareen get back." Henry nodded.

After they got back to the rough house, Jason showed Henry where he'd seen the written English. It looked like an old, battered, handwritten journal sitting on a rough shelf with a small number of other books. Henry flipped the book open, and the first things he saw were a date at the top of the page, lines of blocky handwriting, and old water marks.

He was suddenly struck with a feeling like he was intruding on memories without permission and glanced up. His eyes met Jason's, and his friend said, "Let's put it back." Henry nodded.

They needed information badly, but he wasn't about to go rooting around someone's diary or journal during his first day or two on a new world. He was not desperate enough yet to be that big of a shitbag.

Henry walked outside to sit down, and Jason followed. He scratched his goatee and said, "I've seen you looking off into the distance a few times, and I know that look. What are you thinking? Since we're alone right now, this is probably the best time to talk without anyone listening in."

Jason replied, "I've been thinking about the note that Dolos left. I think we should take it literally." He found the note in the duffle and read it out loud again:

"Each device will confer one magic type of your choosing as well as the ability to understand all languages on Ludus. When you are ready to accept your blessing from the Great God Dolos, swallow one device and think of the magic you wish to learn all day and right before you fall asleep."

Jason folded the note and put it back in the duffle. He said, "If we take this note seriously, and at this point we have no reason not to, we can logically assume a few things."

Henry paid close attention. He had a lot of respect for his friend's power of insight as well as Jason's superior background in fantasy and science fiction. Who'd have known that Jason's geeky hobbies might possibly save their lives one day?

Jason continued, "We are at a huge disadvantage right now in that we don't speak the local language. We were incredibly lucky to meet another English speaker in our first day or two here and also that we are in a relatively uninhabited area."

Henry scrunched up his forehead and asked, "What do you mean?"

"Think about it. If these orbs just do what the note says they'll do, they're incredibly valuable. What happens to tourists carrying pockets full of money in rough areas of foreign countries?"

Henry immediately understood. He'd seen firsthand what happened when people carrying valuables were not wary enough. He made a circular motion with his hand and urged, "Go on."

"So not only did we luck out with the language issue, but we're still alive and nobody has stolen our stuff. We also have a little bit of time before making a decision on how to use these orbs. That said, I think we should do so as quickly as possible."

"What if they do something messed up to us, like change us into lizards or something?" asked Henry. He really didn't trust Dolos and didn't like situations where he had to make important decisions with so little go on.

Jason said, "That's a fair point and why I think we should pump our hosts for as much information as possible after they get back. We did save their lives, and they seem like pretty nice people. At the very least, they should be willing to answer a few questions."

"Okay, that makes sense, but what else are you thinking? I know there has to be more, or you wouldn't be making such a big deal about this."

"Yes," said Jason. He looked oddly excited. "Think about it, Henry. Magic. Real life magic. We've actually seen it. And the note implied there are different types of magic we could choose.

"This is the part I've actually been thinking about the most. Based on what we've seen so far, this world is similar in some ways to RPG games I've played on Earth. The monsters have seemed similar so far; the entire setting is a variation of things I'm familiar with. If this is a sword-and-sorcery world, there are going to be several types of magic. This jives with what the note suggests too."

Henry frowned. He hadn't seriously thought about that portion of the note yet despite witnessing Mareen use healing magic. The whole situation was fucked up. He realized he needed to be more flexible and more open-minded. He could do that.

He said, "Okay dude, I get your point. Now where are you going with this?"

Jason grinned, tapping the ground near where he was sitting. "I think what type of magic we choose will be critical. So before we make that decision, we need to know what types of magic there are and how popular or common each is."

"Why?"

"Because we want to choose uncommon types."

"Okay, you lost me."

Jason's expression got more serious, and he said, "Look, our goal is to pretty much take over the whole world. That's nuts. It's crazy. But I'm trying to focus on the solution. Realistically, in order to accomplish anything even close to that amazing in our lives, much less avoid getting killed, we need all the advantages we can get. Right now the greatest advantage we have is that we are humans from twenty-first-century Earth."

Henry shook his head. He was willing to hear Jason out, but nothing was making sense yet. He said, "Yeah, but we just heard there are other people from Earth here."

"No, you don't get it. Technology and culture has advanced exponentially in the last 40 years on Earth. The odds of there being that many modern earthlings here is slim, or we would have heard about more disappearances back home. I think we can definitely think of this as an advantage because we are going to think about things differently than other people. It gives us an advantage. Just trust me on this."

Henry slowly asked, "Alright, so what about the magic?"

Jason smiled and said, "What's more surprising than choosing one of the least popular magics on purpose? Furthermore, any kind of power is only limited by one's creativity. Think about it, man. Before someone invented the waterwheel, a stream couldn't be used to grind wheat, could it? The ancient Chinese turned fireworks into a weapon."

"I dunno dude. I still don't get it, but I don't have any better ideas, so I'm going to trust you on this."

"Okay, good to hear. Now there are only two other things we need to find out from our hosts ASAP, and they're both obviously important. One is the other races. I'm guessing this means species, not human races. I've seen several ethnicities of people in this village. I need to know where humans fit in in this world. As for the other one... Did you notice there weren't any metal tools in this village?"

"Yeah," replied Henry. "I saw a bunch of wooden and stone tools but not really any metal. It was weird."

Jason gestured behind him through the doorway in the cabin. "If you look around, you won't see any steel or iron anywhere. Just a little bit of tin and some copper--you can tell by the green oxidization."

Henry thought about the inside of the cabin and realized Jason was right. "Okay, what do you think is going on?"

Jason answered, "I have no idea, but I bet it's related somehow to the fact we haven't seen any technology. We should be seeing at least some crude electric tools if people have been brought here from Earth in the last few decades. Dolos made it sound like he's been doing this forever. It doesn't take a genius to run a magnet around a wire."

"You're right." Henry was impressed. Jason may have been a goofy bastard, but he had a good head on his shoulders in stressful situations. "Okay, let's recap what we need to find out."

Jason ticked off the listed items on his fingers. "First we need to find out about the orbs that Dolos gave us. Then we need to learn about magic in this world. Next we need to ask about the different races of people on this planet. Last we need to ask where all the steel is at and why there is no technology."

"Okay, dude, sounds like a plan. Now all we have to do is wait for our hosts to get back."

Sitting on the front steps of the cabin, they did exactly that. Henry was looking forward to making sense of the strange new world they were in. He was glad Jason had come up with such a simple but important list of questions to ask. He was lost in his own thoughts and rested in silence until George and Mareen came back.





The World

By the time Henry heard footsteps approaching, it was almost dark. He figured about an hour had passed. When he could actually see George and Mareen approaching, they both looked tired and frustrated.

George slowed as he saw Henry and Jason sitting outside, and his face changed into a genuine smile. "Ag, shame. Sorry I had to be so short with you two earlier. I wouldn't even be alive here right now if it weren't for you."

Henry didn't fault the man for taking care of his village's business. He replied, "Don't worry about it. It's not like you can just drop your responsibilities. Nobody should."

George sighed as he walked past and waved them inside the house. "Yeah, but it's frustrating when people drag out things that should be obvious. Wanna give someone a snotklap. You probably saw the man in the meeting. Well, problem is I can't even be mad at him, 'cause I'm mad too. See, his name is Perry, and it was his son you saw dead in the cave yesterday."

Henry thought to himself, Yesterday. Well, that proves this is a new day. We must have had a nasty case of interstellar jet lag.

As Henry and Jason took seats around the cabin's main room, Jason settled his tall frame, running a hand through his unruly hair, and asked, "You said the meeting was about moving, right? Wouldn't Perry want to move away from the place where his son was just murdered by monsters?"

"It's not that simple." George shook his head sadly. "Perry wants to find his son Tommas' remains to give him a proper burial. That happening's not likely, but it's impossible if the whole village leaves in the next day or two. Then there's that we all spent time and effort building this place. I'm not really happy about giving it up either. This place is my home. And I think Perry thinks we're giving up and disrespecting Tommas' memory.

"I feel for the man, but the reality is this area has got too dangerous." George shook his head and hit his knee in frustration. "It feels bad, and it's bitter to all us living here, but we're not strong enough to protect everything. This area starting ta crawl with goblins, and most of us don't know much 'bout fightin'. Believe it or not, I'm one of the scrappiest boers in the village, and you saw the state I was in when you found me."

Henry was curious and asked, "How did you all end up in that cave in the first place?"

George looked off into the distance, and his face took on the cast of a man with many regrets. "I was teaching Tommas how to tend crop. His father asked me to do it because I have a good touch with growing things. We were in one of the fields when Mareen came out to bring us water, and the goblins surrounded us. After that, the goblins took us to the cave, and you found us."

Henry felt like an asshole for making George dredge up memories of his capture. "I'm sorry for asking."

"No, bra, I would not be alive to feel bad right now if you didn't save my life." George snorted. "If answering questions is the price of my life, I'll pay it."

Jason cleared his throat, "Actually, we do have some questions."

Henry internally congratulated Jason. That was very smooth. He admired how Jason could slip into a conversation like that. Henry knew there was little finesse to his own conversational skills.

George sat back and shrugged. "I figured you would have some questions for me. Blerrie, I remember how confused I was when I first came to Ludus."

Without warning, Jason took the box with the orbs out from behind where he was sitting. He flipped it open and asked, "Do you know anything about these?"

George's reaction was far more extreme than Henry had been expecting. When he saw the orbs, the old man's dark skin turned a shade paler. He immediately jumped up to shut the door and then hissed, "Jo, don't go waving those around! Don't let anyone see them! You should either use em quick or hide it away!"

Henry spoke up, "So they're valuable, huh?"

George kept his voice down but growled, "Ja, nee even the most cowardly person in this place could be tempted to do something stupid to get their hands on them. They all have different effects, but all of them make people healthier, live longer. Not all newbies to this world come with orbs, but they all give people abilities. Put that away. Caught a big skrik."

Jason carefully closed the box and placed it behind him again. "What kind of abilities?"

George shook his head. "I kind of expected you to already look through this thing, ja? I suppose I shouldn't be surprised you're honorable." Then George grunted as he got up and retrieved the journal Henry and Jason had seen before.

Henry glanced at Mareen in the corner while George headed back to his seat. The girl hadn't said anything yet, probably because she didn't speak English very well, but she looked worried.

George seemed to deflate a bit as he sat back down and said, "I shouldda known I'd have to get this book anyway. It has thirty years' worth of Ludus information in it, and I would not want to give you the wrong information, especially since you saved me."

Henry thought of something before George could continue. He asked, "If the orbs are so valuable and newbies to this planet can have them, why haven't any other villagers come near your house while we've been here, especially since we were passed out? Seems people might want to look through our stuff."

"Well, for one, they're afraid of you. You killed a lank of goblins after all."

"But we completely caught them by surprise," protested Jason. "If it was a fair fight, we wouldn't have stood a chance."

George chuckled, "The people living here don't know that. Plus, none of them have ever killed a goblin. Despite everything, you two took out half a dozen, ja? Can you really not understand why they'd be nervous?" George gave a sly look. "Plus, why do you think I called the town meeting so quick? With everyone there, I could keep eyes on everyone. Couldn't let anyone do something dof when you two saved Mareen."

Jason cleared his throat and said, "We appreciate that. So like I asked before, what do these orbs do?"

"Let's see." George leafed through his book and said, "Some give strength, some speed... all of them make the owner healthy; most of them increase a person's life span..." He tapered off and flipped through a few more pages. "A few give magic of some kind. A few give energy powers... but these were mostly to nonhumans."

Henry's ears perked up at that, but he kept his mouth shut. He trusted Jason to do most of the talking during this conversation.

Jason pinched the bridge of his nose and said, "I'm assuming you did a lot of your own research over the last few decades."

"This is my life's work." George pointed at the book. "When I first got here, not only did someone steal my orb in my first couple hours here, I didn't even know this was another world for almost a week. First few years were rough. You guys lucky you didn't wind up somewhere with people that would kill you for the orbs."

Jason asked, "Wait, didn't Dolos tell you that you were on another world?"

George looked shocked. In the corner, Mareen gasped. George leaned forward and softly asked, "Ag, you met Dolos?"

Henry felt his expression souring, and he saw Jason about to answer, but he beat him to the punch. Before he could think it through he said, "Yeah, and I told him to go fuck himself." He saw Jason wince. Well, Henry knew he wasn't very good at keeping quiet when he should. Like now... and when he was talking to a huge man floating in the air. He shrugged.

George's mouth hung open, and he blinked. Mareen looked like she wanted to run away. George stammered, "Haibo, not many love Dolos on this planet other than those that worship him, but he is rarely seen. He destroyed entire towns that pissed him off. He doesn't usually come in person to new people on Ludus, and it's usually only for people who end up becoming famous. Who are you, brah?"

Henry shrugged again and said, "I'm an EMT, and Jason is a programmer. We like fencing. No big deal."

Jason sighed and asked, "What can you tell us about magic?" Henry realized his friend was trying to bring the conversation back to the topics they wanted to cover, so he reminded himself to keep his mouth shut.

George was still visibly shaken but asked, "Magic?"

"Yes, we were shocked when we saw Mareen using magic. I mean, you are from Earth, so you probably know how we felt. What can you tell us about magic on this world?"

George seemed to calm down and flipped through his book, "Ag, you sure are lucky, chinas. Most people will be able to tell you a little about magic, but to get good answers you'd usually have to buy an expensive book or talk to a mage. Lucky for you, I researched about magic in the past." George was quiet for a minute while he tried to find the right page.

"Here it is. There are seven schools of magic and seven subschools, all organized in pairs. School and sub school. People usually only have a head for one school or subschool of magic, but they can use whatever school or subschool their magic is paired with. So like, the Life school is used for healing and is a subschool of Water. Mareen is good with life magic, so she can use a little bit of water magic but not much. She can't use any other kind.

"All mages have different strengths and abilities. Spells are different too. Mages all do everything different. Nobody knows how people become mages either or why some people can sense magic and some can't."

Henry was glad that George's English was getting better. He could only imagine how much harder that explanation could have been to understand if George was still talking the way he'd been when they met him earlier that day.

"What are all the schools of magic?" asked Jason. "Also, do you have a piece of paper and something to write on?"

Mareen got up and wordlessly handed Jason a piece of parchment and a small, crude pencil made from a twig. George consulted his journal and then listed off the schools of magic and their sub schools.

School--::--Subschool:

Earth-:-Metal

Air-:-Void

Water-:-Life

Fire-:-Matter

Consciousness-:-Time

Light-:-Darkness

Force-:-Attraction

Jason scribbled madly on his little parchment, and when he looked up he asked, "Which schools are most popular? Which have the most prestige?"

George closed his book and scratched his chin. He said, "That is a good question. There does seem to be some kinda choice or something with mages because most of 'em end up as one of the four elemental schools. It's not common to be a mage of one of the three higher schools."

"What do you mean?"

"Well," George continued, "most mages have strongest magic with one of the four main elemental schools--Earth, Air, Fire, and Water. It's rare for anyone to be a sub school mage. It's even more rare for anyone to be a mage of a higher school--Force, Consciousness, and Light. You can probably guess that the sub schools for the three higher schools are pretty much never seen.

"With most mages, the most common schools are Water and Air. It's very important to clean water and make water appear out of nowhere. It's also good to fly and control the air. The most common sub school is Life, like Mareen."

Mareen smiled and gave a little bow with her head.

"Okay," said Jason slowly, "how does magic work?"

George looked serious, "Best I can tell, and I only got the idea from reading Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, I think it has to do with probability. So like, fire mages have an easier time making fire if there is already a flame nearby. Water mages have an easier time creating more water if they already have water around. Life mages have an easier time healing a strong person."

"That makes sense," said Jason. "Okay, my next question is about the races on this world." Jason paused and looked at another piece of paper. "I've heard that there are Areva, Mo'hali, Adom, Fideli, and Terrans."

George nodded and said, "Ja, the Areva say there are actually other races out in the universe, but the most powerful and well known are all here. The Areva are like elves. Don't ever say that around them though. They get mal. They live really long, they are smaller than us humans, and most of them are smart and crafty as hell. Watch your ass around them just now, ja?

"Mo'hali are animal people. Most of them keep to themselves. They good chaps, the ones I met. The different types are like castes in humans on Earth. You'll learn which ones have the power if you deal with them.

"Terrans are us. From Earth, ja?

"Fideli are like Terrans and Areva mixed a long, long time ago. Not many of them on Ludus, and most tune grief. Fideli are always in trouble. You can tell them because they all look like they could live in the dark. They have a white bit in their hair.

"Adom... well you'll probably never see any of them cause they rare. But if you see em, they'll stand out."

Jason made some more notes and said, "Okay, I have one more question. Why is there no metal or technology anywhere?"

"Electricity is death because of the Dolosbots. Dolos has robots that go around sniffing for electric machines. They destroy it and kill anyone nearby. Nobody chances it. Using electricity is against Dolos' rules."

Henry was shocked. Rules against technology?

Jason looked floored too and stammered, "What are these rules?"

George grimaced and replied, "It's simple. The only three rules are no electric power, no phase crystal power, and no tree power. Basically, nobody can use the technology from their home planets. The Dolosbots enforce it. If you break the rules..." George drew a thumb across his neck.

"But why? That's crazy." Henry shook his head.

"Best I can tell, it's to force people to go into dungeons. The only technology we can have uses magic stones for power, and all magic stones come from dungeons."

Jason rubbed his temples. He said, "I don't think I'm ready to hear any more about dungeons right now. My parchment and my brain are full already. What about the other part of my question? Why don't we see much metal around?"

George shrugged and replied, "That's simple, china. Iron and anything with iron in it rots crazy fast. The only metals anyone can use are bronze and stuff. Shit's expensive."

Henry was confused. He'd looked in the duffle earlier in the day and hadn't see anything out of the ordinary. He quickly got up and bought it over before rooting around inside it. Everyone else in the room watched him.

He sighed, "Yeah, I didn't notice it before, but he's sure right about this." He brought out the rifle, which was literally falling apart in his hands. Then he withdrew the cheap, steel machete that still looked whole. He asked, "What about this, though?"

George and Mareen looked shocked, even more so than when they'd heard Henry and Jason met Dolos. George was quiet for a long time and finally whispered, "Eish! That machete's steel has gotta be blessed. That thing is worth a fokking fortune."





Using the Orbs

The next morning, Jason knew they had to make a decision about the orbs. The little village was packing up that day and leaving the next. He knew that even a chance the orbs could really give them fluency in the local language made using them worth a try.

The night before, George had gone on to explain a little bit more about the races on Ludus. Apparently, humans from Earth were shortest lived race on the planet other than perhaps some of the monsters. Jason also learned that while monsters such as the goblins wandered around, monsters in general were most highly concentrated in and around dungeons. What was more, dungeons always had treasure, usually in the form of magic power stones, amazing equipment, sometimes even things like Dolos orbs. Adventurers raided dungeons for treasure in order to make a living.

Technology on Ludus required magic stones for power. Without adventurers, people's lives would have been even harder. Adventurers supplied the rest of civilization with power. The concept seemed a little strange to Jason.

Jason felt the spark of a long-term plan forming in his mind, but he put it off to think about later. The priority this day was deciding on a school of magic, thinking about it all day and right before bed, and hopefully waking up a mage. He felt a little ridiculous thinking about it.

When Jason was out of bed and awake, he noticed that Henry was already gone. He rolled his eyes. His friend seemed to have a never-ending supply of energy. After Jason left the cabin, he found Henry sitting outside, uncharacteristically still and looking off at the mountains in the distance.

Henry was wearing the same rough extra clothing, courtesy of George, that Jason was while their HEMA armor was cleaned and dried. However, Henry didn't look ridiculous like Jason did. Jason thought he probably looked like he was wearing children's clothes. Then again, Jason was felt awkward wearing anything.

He walked up to Henry and asked, "Hey, where's everyone else?"

Henry grunted. "They're getting all the animals ready to move or something. I get the feeling this move has been a long time coming so lots of people were already ready to go."

Jason nodded and thought his friend was probably right. He opened his mouth to speak, but Henry beat him to the punch. "I know what you came to talk about. We need to use the orbs, and I've been giving it some thought. I know you think we should choose one of the rare schools, and you can do what you want, but I am not going to."

Jason just listened and waited. He knew that he probably wouldn't be able to change Henry's mind, but his friend usually didn't make stupid decisions. Jason knew he was better at overall strategy and seeing a big picture, and he was aware Henry knew this too. However, he respected Henry's insights at times. It was kind of impressive how sometimes Henry could plan several years in advance for specific outcomes in his own life or so accurately estimate random things.

It honestly didn't make a lot of sense. Henry couldn't get anywhere on time to save his life and was terrible with money, but he could build someone a garage within a few dollars of budget and a few hours of estimated build time.

Henry continued, "I don't think you'll be too mad, because I'm still going to choose one of the less common or at least less popular schools. See, I've been thinking about the dungeons in this world. Realistically, we don't have many ways to make any money, do we?"

Jason shook his head.

"I didn't think so. Neither of us are the thieving types either. I'm figuring you'll suggest we use the dungeons to make money and get equipment because otherwise we won't have a hope in hell of surviving, much less conquering anything."

Jason nodded. Henry had seen right through him and already figured out what his future plan would be.

"I thought so. That's why I am going to choose Earth or Metal for my school. If we'll be in caves or underground, it makes sense to choose the school for that element. Plus, before everything in my life went to hell, I was studying to be a geologist, remember? I have a feeling that the more we know about a school of magic, the better off we'll be. Otherwise, people who can do magic naturally on this world wouldn't have affinities in the first place."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, George said people are usually elemental mages and they tend to be Wind or Water schools. I'm guessing it's because of what people are used to, what they know. I want to choose a magic school I can master, not just one that is different."

Jason could find no fault in Henry's logic. "Okay, well, you're going to do what you want anyway. Just so you know, I'm planning to take the Consciousness school."

"I would say that sounds dumb, but I have a feeling you thought of something everyone else missed." Henry frowned.

"Yup. The sub school of Consciousness is Time. There aren't many Consciousness mages on Ludus, right? That means information is probably scarce. And what is the opposite of time or closely linked to it thematically?"

Henry's eyes widened and he answered, "Space, right?"

"Exactly. I'm banking on the fact that 'consciousness' is only part of the school's influence, that it actually is space or at least includes it."

"That's smart. Okay, it sounds like we both know what we're doing, so let's do it."

Jason was holding the box with the orbs inside. He opened it up, carefully took one out, and handed the box to Henry. Then he shut his eyes and swallowed the orb. He kept his eyes closed, his body tense, fearing the worst... nothing happened.

He opened his eyes and saw Henry staring back at him. "Sometimes you can be such a dramatic pussy, Jason."

Jason frowned, and he crossed his arms. "Fuck you, man. I'll tell you what, when we get back, find some other random person to go fighting monsters and ingesting weird pills with. See how well they handle it."

Henry rolled his eyes. "And yet here you are, still being dramatic."

Jason was getting pissed. He hated when Henry needled him like this because the insufferable dick was usually right too. He had met a few of Henry's army buddies in the past and they were all like this; they were all assholes, their rough edges almost refined into an art.

"Whatever," he grunted. We walked away, quickly finding a stick and a shady piece of land. Then he practiced sword swings while he thought, Consciousness/Space magic, over and over again in his head. He didn't know if it was really necessary, but he was not taking any chances. He was going to follow Dolos' instructions to the letter.

After exercising, Jason ate a late breakfast of bread and water he found on the table in George's cabin. Then he went to help some of the villagers pack. The whole village was moving all their possessions onto the three available wagons. Almost all of the villagers were polite and smiled despite the fact none of them could communicate with him.

While working, Jason found out that only one other person in the entire village understood any English other than George and Mareen. She was an older woman named Medina, and Jason discovered she was originally from Mexico before being transported to Ludus at seventeen years old. She'd picked up some English from dealing with American tourists in her old life, and practiced Earth languages on Ludus when she had the time.

He was impressed and sad at the same time. Ludus sucked.

Jason met up with Henry again for supper since people on Ludus usually ate two meals a day, not three. Henry had been helping the villagers corral the few animals and salvage whatever crops they could. He could tell Henry was constantly repeating "Earth" in his head the same way Jason was mentally chanting "Consciousness and Space".

They split up without talking much and didn't meet up again until the end of the day. Jason, Henry, George, and Mareen all took a seat in George's cabin as the sun was setting. They had barely gotten the village ready to move out the next morning right before darkness fell. As Jason watched the three other people in the cabin nibble on some hard bread over a candle flame, he wondered if he looked as exhausted as everyone else did.

George sighed, "Ag, man, this is a long day. Thank you for helping out, chinas. You already saved our lives and pitched in when you didn't have to."

Jason tiredly waved his hand. By this point he knew "china" had nothing to do with the country and was part of George's half-remembered South African slang. As far as he was concerned, George had helped them so much in understanding the world and giving them a place to stay that he didn't owe them anything. They were even at the very least. "Seriously, there's no need to mention it."

"You swallow the orbs?"

Jason and Henry looked at each other before Jason replied, "Yes, we have."

George sighed and said, "I told you that I was one of dem who had one when I came to Ludus. Mine got stolen. I'm kind of jealous that tomorrow you'll be Bonded. It was probably smart to use your orbs now instead of tryin' to sell 'em. People on this planet will kill for Dolos orbs."

Henry said, "That's what we thought too. I just wish we'd had more time to think about deciding--"

Jason quickly interrupted, "Yeah, now we won't have to worry about anyone stealing them." That was close. They had already discussed earlier to let George and everyone else know as little as possible about their situation until they were sure what the orbs had actually done. Jason knew Henry was tired and grouchy, but he could have punched his friend in frustration. Shut the hell up, Henry!

George could probably tell something had happened, but he looked confused and shrugged. "See ya, ja? Early morning." Then he retired to his room. Mareen had already gone to bed.

Jason thought sleep sounded like a good idea. The remaining candle on the table in the cabin's main room was about to go out, and he didn't want to use up any more of George's resources. He and Henry both fell into their simple beds in the guest room, and before Jason fell asleep, one last time he thought, Consciousness, Space, as hard as he could.

* * *

Jason wasn't sure when he realized that he was dreaming, but when he did, he was in a burger restaurant he used to frequent during his college years. Sitting at the booth with him was a cartoon cat.

"Uh," he said, "this is different."

The cartoon cat nodded slightly, its grave bearing completely at odds with its goofy appearance. "Yes, this is probably the first time you've had perfect consciousness while sleeping. I briefly considered appearing to you as Dolos since his image is recent and distinct, but after I realized you considered him an enemy, I decided against it. The current image you see is a beloved character from your childhood. I considered it a safe choice."

"Well, this is definitely surreal and creepy, but yeah, I'd rather not see Dolos again." Jason grimaced and thought out loud, "I guess I probably should hear you out. In fact, I doubt I have much of a choice, do I?"

"Unfortunately, no, but you initiated my presence. You chose to swallow the orb."

"Wait... you're the orb?"

"In a manner of speaking, I am. I am the interface built into the orb you swallowed. My function is to provide you information, guidance, and let you choose your own development. I was activated when you swallowed the orb and chose your school of magic to specialize in."

"Well, orb or not, I'm going to call you Eek. Also, this all sounds awfully elaborate. I thought other people that used orbs on this planet got random effects?"

"In the past they did. However, Dolos has started a new phase of his experiment. Several dozen orbs of my generation with functionality similar to my own were distributed to small number of the newest colonists to Ludus. The orbs used by you and your friend Henry are the last two orbs of this type that Dolos will send for some time."

"Okay... why change things now?"

"I can't answer for certain, but I believe Dolos has decided the planet's political and social climates are stagnant. As for what he is trying to accomplish or what his actual experiments are, I can only speculate. The only thing that's certain is he is intending to create change."

"Okay, so more or less, you don't know any more than me right now. So moving to a different topic, I already chose my magic school, so what did you mean by choices?"

"My function has been expanded from standard orbs. Ludus is the homeworld of a type of being called the Dhu. Wild Dhu generally correspond to one of the schools or sub schools of magic you are aware of. Dolos utilizes Dhu that have not taken on any specific attributes yet to power the changes initiated by orbs such as myself."

Jason thought he might understand. "So what you're saying is that in the past, orbs had a preset way to instruct these Dhu to affect the human host. You, on the other hand, have a bit more control over how these creatures do whatever they do. Also, I am officially creeped out that you are putting parasites in me."

"The Dhu will attach to your soul and provide you with power in exchange for the ability to feed off your emotions and life energy. It's a symbiotic relationship. Also, the Dhu cannot be forced to do anything. They are merely given a more attractive option than returning to the wild."

"Okay, that aside, how do my choices and advancement work?"

"It is quite simple. In a moment, I will show you all the options you have to choose to use the power of the Dhu. In the future, you can gain more power and advance further by finding what mortals on Ludus call 'spirit stones'. These are actually containers where Dolos has imprisoned sterile, neutral Dhu."

"Do I have to swallow these too?"

"If you wish to advance further in power, yes."

"Is there anything else you should tell me before I start choosing powers?"

"Just three things: first, you will find that you are a much more powerful mage than most others on Ludus. Orb-granted magic is usually stronger than what natural mages can produce. Second, you will have much stronger ability than normal with your magic's paired school. Last, when you choose abilities to use your accumulated Dhu, each ability costs different amounts of energy, designated in points. You may save any unused energy for your next advancements."

"So... this is like a role playing game, an RPG then? I'm levelling up?"

For the first time, the cartoon cat looked uncomfortable. "Dolos apparently visited a civilization eons ago that played games similar to those your generation plays on Terra. They left a deep impression on him. It is fair to say that he has gifted you with more sophisticated orbs like me because your generation has the background to understand what is expected of you."

"Great, just great. Okay, Eek, let's see what powers I can buy with my experience points." Jason could have been imagining things, but it looked like the cartoon cat was embarrassed.





Cut and Dust

When Jason woke up, he felt different. He wasn't a morning person, and it usually took him a while to wake up. However, the first day he woke up as a mage, he was instantly alert. His body felt like it was coursing with energy, like he'd just drunk ten energy drinks. He wasn't jittery or impatient, though. He just felt like he could jump up and run a marathon without being tired. It was weird, but it also felt good.

He glanced over at the guest bed that Henry had used for the last few days and wasn't surprised to see his friend was already gone. It seemed that new abilities or not, Henry would always be more of an early riser than he was.

He walked outside and found Henry sitting down and staring at a small stone knife. He didn't look up at Jason when he said, "Come back and talk to me after you piss. We need to have a chat before George comes back for the last few things in the house and we head out with the villagers."

"Okay," Jason answered and started moving away.

"While you're going, think about how the conversation we just had wasn't in English," Henry called after him.

Jason missed a step but kept walking. Holy shit, he's right! Dolos wasn't lying! Jason did his business, making sure to wash his hands with the crude hand soap and a bucket of water with a spout, and used a splash of moonshine as disinfectant. Despite the fact he hadn't seen much technology on Ludus so far, people still obviously knew about bacteria and sanitation.

When he got back, Henry was still staring at the little stone knife. "Watch this," he said. The he cut himself on the arm.

"What are you doing?" gasped Jason.

"Just watch." Henry held his arm up so Jason could see better, and right before his eyes, most of the blood was sucked back into the wound, and it healed. In seconds.

"Wow," breathed Jason.

"Yeah, I haven't had the balls to make bigger cuts than this. I'm still not sure what I'm doing is such a great idea, I might be using up energy or something. But damn is this is cool."

"Yeah, I can't argue with you. I also get what you meant before. We not only need to talk in private, but we probably shouldn't let any of the villagers see us do anything like this right now," said Jason.

"Well, I thought about that," replied Henry. "I don't think we should hide that we're Bonded."

"Why not?"

Henry smiled without humor. "Mainly because we're fluent in whatever language we are talking in right now. Luda, I guess. Yesterday we didn't speak a word of it. That's a pretty dead giveaway that something major is going on. Maybe we should just try hiding that our orbs were special, not that we're Bonded."

Jason thought about it for a few seconds before he said, "Yes, you're right. Since you know our orbs were somewhat special, I'm assuming you saw the same purple cartoon cat in a dream last night?"

Henry looked at Jason in confusion then pity and explosively laughed. "Cartoon cat? Man, I was talking to a bikini model in my dream. What the hell is wrong with you? A cartoon cat..."

Henry kept laughing, sputtered off and started again when he saw Jason's face. Jason was not amused, which was probably what kept the abuse coming. He loudly cleared his throat and said, "Okay, whatever. You got Ludwila or whatever, and I got Eek. It doesn't matter right now. We need to figure out if we both had the same general choices."

"Okay, okay, I'll stop," said Henry as he wiped tears from his eyes. "I had ten points to spend and three general categories to spend them in: physical abilities, magic, and utility. There were a few abilities that had requirements, like the Self-healing skill I bought, which is why I bought Endurance, Rank 1 first. Those two skills used up half my points."

"Okay, the setup was the same for me," said Jason. "What else did you get?"

"Well, there's something I have to say before I tell you the rest of it. I found out that since I kept thinking of metal yesterday, I'm actually specialized in the Metal sub school, not Earth."

Jason raised his eyebrows. "Metal? How did that happen? I thought you were set on Earth?"

"Well, thing is I kept wondering about the corroding steel on this world and how our crappy machete and the Swiss Army knife are still in perfect shape. I checked the rifle that Dolos gave us too, by the way. George wasn't kidding. All the steel turned to dust. It took me like ten minutes this morning to beat all the nastiness out of the bag."

Jason held up a hand. "Okay, I think we're getting off track here. What all did you get again?"

"I used up all ten points. I got Endurance (Rank 1, two points), Self-healing (Rank 1, three points), Enhanced Senses (Rank 1, one point), Magic Perception (Rank 1, one point), Magic Power (Rank 1, two points), and Dungeon Locations (Rank 1, one point). Magic Power was a no-brainer. Magic Perception seemed like it might be kind of like an identify skill and sense-magic skill rolled up into one."

"Okay, that makes sense, but what about Dungeon Locations? That was in the utility section, right?"

"Well, I first planned to get earth magic so we could explore dungeons, and luckily we're freaks, so I can still use earth magic okay even though I specialized in metal. Anyway, we've already found out this whole world is engineered to force people to go into dungeons. There is treasure in dungeons, and we've already decided that raiding them is probably the only way we'll have to make money... unless you want to be a prostitute. I won't judge you, but I personally would prefer not to work in a brothel. Do they have brothels on this world? I bet they do."

Jason shook his head and sighed. "Whatever. Do you even know how the Dungeon Locations skill works?"

"I got lucky with that." Henry grinned. "When I was cleaning out the fucking duffle bag this morning, I pulled that shitty map out too, and when I saw it, little red marks like on a smart phone app popped up in my vision. I could will them to disappear or reappear. It was trippy."

Jason was impressed. Henry had made some really smart choices despite not being much of a gamer back on Earth. The man was practical, though. It probably helped.

"Okay, I guess I'll tell you what I got. I had the same idea as you, probably because we practice fencing. Since we fought the goblins, it really drove home how easy it is to die. I got Endurance (Rank 1, two points), Self-Healing (Rank 1, three points), Magic Power (Rank 1, two points), Magic Control (Consciousness/Space Rank 1, two points), and Magic Lore (Rank 1, one point) for a total of ten points.

"Magic Lore sounds like a lot more of an identify skill than Magic Perception, huh?"

"Yes, that's why I got it, but I think it was still smart to get the perception skill."

"Yeah, but I missed it. I guess I was too busy admiring how my orb took the appearance of a smoking hot bikini model. Maybe if I was talking to a cartoon cat, I would have been more focused."

Henry started laughing again, and Jason was seriously considering hitting him when Mareen walked around the corner. Henry's laughter turned into choking coughs as he tried to get himself back under control, and Jason felt a grim sense of satisfaction. Serves him right.

Jason smiled at Mareen and consciously thought about speaking in the local language, Luda. "Good morning, Mareen."

Mareen smiled. "Good morning! It's nice that I can actually talk to my saviors now. I guess you guys took the orbs after all. Why is Henry laughing and choking, though?"

Jason rolled his eyes. "He was making a joke at my expense and he thinks he is hilarious. I guess someone has to because nobody else does."

Mareen laughed, "Well, now that we can understand each other, maybe I will think he is funny too."

"I doubt it." Jason scowled. "I'd wish you good luck, but I wouldn't wish Henry's sense of humor on my worst enemy."

Henry finally had himself under control. "Oh, don't mind him. I'm very funny. It just takes a refined sense of humor to appreciate me."

Mareen laughed again, her eyes sparkling. "Well, like I said, we will see. Anyway, I came by because Grandfather asked me to tell you we are about to head out with the wagons. He also wanted me to ask that you bring all the remaining things from the house. We are leaving the mattresses on the beds, so everything else should fit in the last two baskets on the floor of cabin."

"You are leaving a lot of stuff, huh?" Henry glanced into the open door of the cabin. "Like the pictures on the walls and the bigger things, including the furniture..."

"Yes, speed is important. We don't want to lose anyone else," Mareen said seriously. "Plus, we made all of this before, so we can do it again. Food isn't too hard to come by on Ludus if we're not too picky, so we should be okay. Grandfather said that food is much harder to find on Earth. He says we don't have to work as hard just to survive here, so we have more time to make furniture and such."

Jason was surprised. He'd just assumed Ludus was similar to Earth. Based on what Mareen was saying, he imagined there were more animals or more edible plants. He would find out later. "Okay, tell George we will be there soon."

Mareen turned around and walked away at a brisk pace, her task done. Jason noticed Henry watching the girl walk away, probably trying to get a glimpse of her butt under her dress. Then his friend shook his head and said, "Let's get this over with," as he walked into the cabin. Jason followed.

About an hour later, Henry and Jason met up with the village caravan. George was waiting for them and stowed the baskets of items from his home. He greeted them in Luda, "So, I heard you can speak the language now."

"Yeah, don't take this the wrong way, but you're actually easier to understand while speaking this language." Jason raised one eyebrow. "Your accent and slang were all over the place when we were speaking English."

George laughed, "That's because the two people I spent most of my time with for ten years after I got to this place were an Englishman and a lady from Russia who spoke broken English. I guess I picked up more from them than I thought. Those were dark times." George's face clouded over, and his eyes were far away but he suddenly clapped Jason on the back. "We are about to head out on another adventure, though! We all mourn Tommas." He glanced at Perry, who was securing something on another wagon and said, "But his is an opportunity for everyone. Who knows what will happen?"

Henry asked, "Where are we going?"

George smiled. "We are heading east to Mirana, the second or third largest city in Tolstey, the country we're in. We heard that Mirana is looking for farmers and just found a few new dungeons nearby, so they have money. They are probably sending some magic power stones to the coast then by ship to the Adom country, Teteth. They usually need food too."

Jason frowned. "I thought you said the Adom race was rare."

George shrugged and said, "You still might not see any, and I say a lot of things. Either way, we can talk about it on the way. It will take us a few weeks to get to Mirana."

Jason looked at Henry and asked, "You ready to go?"

"Damn right," Henry snorted. "The farther we get away from that fucking goblin cave, the better I'll feel."

Jason quietly agreed with him but had a suspicion their trip to Mirana wouldn't be completely peaceful. It turned out he was right.





Wagon Stage

It had only been three days, and Henry was tired of walking. He wasn't having any problems with the physicality of the journey--that wasn't the issue. Due to his handy new orb powers and the fact that his body still remembered an efficient marching style from his old army days, he was physically better off than everyone else in the caravan other than Jason. Jason used to be a cross country runner, and he had those long, gangly legs. With the addition of the orb, Jason never looked tired anymore. If Henry had been the slightest bit fatigued, he would have been pissed.

No, what was irritating Henry was the boredom. Or rather, he wanted the actual travel portion of the day to be done already so he could test his new powers some more. He and Jason weren't trying to hide that they were orb-Bonded, but they both decided not to advertise their specific abilities in case they needed an element of surprise in the future. What they would actually need an element of surprise for Henry didn't know, but he approved of Jason's paranoia. Apparently, the RPG tropes that Jason was following seemed to mostly align with Henry's real world experiences--shit could go to hell in the blink of an eye. It didn't hurt to be prepared.

The first time he and Jason had tried testing their powers was on the first night of their journey with the caravan. Henry found that if he concentrated, he could bring up a mental list of things he could do with his power. Apparently, the list was just a set of guidelines though because he could make up his own abilities if he concentrated and practiced. For instance, one of his abilities was to turn the skin of his forearms to metal for protection. However, he found that by concentrating, he could make spikes or even blades come out of the armor too. It was a neat trick.

His abilities with earth were not listed in his mind, but it didn't take him long to figure out they were similar to his metal magic. One experiment he did was to pinch the blade of a stone knife and sharpen it like he could with his machete's blade. It worked. The knapped stone blade glittered in the moonlight, but it took more energy out of him to work with stone than with metal.

Henry tried out all of his abilities one by one whenever he got the chance, and he tried thinking of new applications for them. Meanwhile, every night he practiced, Jason joined him. They walked out into the woods to escape prying eyes, and Jason just sat with his eyes closed. When Henry asked him what he was doing, Jason said he was meditating. Henry rolled his eyes. No wonder the goofball got a cartoon cat talking to him in his dreams.

Still, Henry had a lot of respect for the magic school his friend had chosen. Jason also said that his Magic Control skill should make mastering his new abilities easier. Henry was really curious what his friend could do and kept hounding Jason to actually demonstrate some of his new power.

Jason gave in after the second day. He demonstrated one of his abilities; with the sound of displaced air and a pop, Jason teleported behind Henry. For a moment, as Henry turned around, his tall, gangly friend looked like death incarnate. Henry realized that if Jason ever used this ability violently, it would be terrifying to anyone on the receiving end.

Jason's abilities were cool, but Henry thought his spiked metal arms were also pretty badass. It was also slick how he could throw stones with the strength of a bullet. Being able to nearly effortlessly craft stone tools had been useful for the villagers on the trip so far too. He simply didn't tell them how he kept "finding" exactly the same tool someone said they needed in the forest. He knew nobody really believed his bullshit, but they played along.

Henry looked at the sun in the sky again. It was only noon! Time just seemed to crawl. He glanced over at Mareen. As usual, she was walking next to them and chatting with Jason. Jason always seemed to get all the girls; Henry figured it had something to do with his height because it sure wasn't because he was cool.

Mareen was cute, nice, helpful, and a hard worker. She had a habit of wrinkling her nose before she laughed. She was a few inches shorter than Henry. He judged she was about 5'5". So far, this seemed to be slightly above average height for women on Ludus, at least among the villagers.

Mareen's simple dress was baggy, but glimpses could be seen of her figure underneath sometimes. Plus her clothes had been all torn up in the goblin cave. Henry would have described her type as athletic with curves in all the right places. She reminded him of an action movie actress. She was definitely hot.

Henry judged that Jason could definitely do worse. He wished them well and made it a habit not talk to Mareen. He didn't want to get in their way. He wished Mareen wasn't constantly around so he could ask Jason more questions about his cartoon cat experience.

He chuckled softly to himself while he thought about Jason's dream friend. He shook his head and was getting back to business, trying to listen for running water, when he heard the howls. His head snapped up, and he looked around quickly. Nobody else seemed alarmed.

Then he realized that the wagons were creaking, people were talking, the villagers and the animals were walking... normal people probably wouldn't be able to hear the howls yet. With a flash of insight, Henry remembered he chose the Rank-1 Enhanced Senses skill.

He took a step over and grabbed Jason's shoulder. "I hear howls."

Henry instantly had Mareen's full attention. "Howls?" she asked.

"Yeah, I can hear a lot of them, and I think they're coming this way."

Mareen's face was white. "This is supposedly the general range for a large pack of demon wolves. In fact, it's one of the reasons so few people come out this way. We didn't see them when we moved to this area, and we thought they were gone."

Jason frowned and asked, "Couldn't they be normal wolves?"

Mareen gave him a strange look. "Normal wolves don't exist. If they did, the demon wolves would have eaten them."

"Oh," said Jason lamely, "silly me."

Henry asked, "Why would you or anyone else think that demon wolves were just a 'scary story' in world where you literally see demons and monsters all the time?"

"Wishful thinking?" Mareen shrugged. "When we first came out here, we had couple parties of adventurers with us for protection."

"So then why don't you have guards or... oh, never mind." Henry's mind went into overdrive. His wanted to question how otherwise rational people could make such stupid decisions, but he shelved it. His first priority was to get these people into some sort of defensive formation. He saw a small clearing up ahead, and the howls were coming off from his right. It would be close, but they could make it.

Henry had never particularly enjoyed leading, especially in high stress situations, but he dispassionately judged he was the best person for the job in their current situation. And then, like many other times in his life, he turned off his doubts and did what had to be done.

Henry climbed up to the top of the nearest wagon and hollered, "Shut the fuck up and look at me. Everyone is in danger! Don't panic, but move your asses so we can get to the clearing ahead faster."

Most of the villagers stared at him blankly in surprise, but Jeth, a man in his early twenties, sneered. "You aren't one of us. Get off the wagon and stop giving orders."

Henry didn't have time to argue. He pointed at the ground near Jeth's feet, and with an effort of will, he caused a spray of dirt and rocks to knock Jeth on his butt. "Someone pick that moron up."

He breathed deeply and hollered even louder, "Listen up everyone!" Now he had everyone's attention. "You will all calmly but quickly make your away to the clearing ahead, or I will personally kick the shit out of every last motherfucking one of you."

Henry's words carried, his voice trained by years of calling cadences while running and shouting over the noise of running engines. Complete silence fell for several seconds before the villagers started scrambling for the clearing. Henry nodded in satisfaction and jumped down.

Jason asked, "Did you really have to curse at them?"

"I didn't see you up there," Henry snorted. "Next time, feel free to take control, and you can do it your way." He briefly felt bad for being harsh, but he steeled himself. This was a dangerous, shitty world, and Jason was not used to this sort of thing. Henry really wanted his friend to survive. He figured that honesty and pragmatism were probably the best ways to help Jason adapt; feelings were less important than surviving.

When the villagers were almost to the clearing, everyone could hear the howls. If they'd waited any longer to move, it would have been too late. As it was, they barely got to the clearing in time. The wagons were formed up into a rough triangle, with the villagers and animals in the middle, right before the first demon wolves were visible.

Henry drew his machete from its sheath. As some of the villagers gasped, Jason realized that while everyone in the caravan had seen him wearing it the last few days, most of them probably hadn't realized it was steel. Oh, that's right, "blessed" steel.

The demon wolves were huge. Each of them probably weighed at least three hundred pounds. They were the size of Great Danes with the build of bulldogs. Each of them had dark, mottled fur that would blend in well with the forest, and between each of their shining pairs of eyes, a horn grew from their foreheads.

Next to him, Jason gasped, "Horned wolves!"

Henry blinked. He stood with Jason between the monsters and the wagons. Out the corner of his eye, he saw George nervously holding a cudgel, obviously wondering whether he should be standing with them. Henry called back, "George, guard the wagons and get a few people to help you."

As Henry watched a handful of the wolves watching him right back, Jason pulled his bronze sword out of its crude sheath. "Horned wolves, wow. I always thought that monster type was kind of stupid, but they are in a lot of fiction."

"Stupid how?" asked Henry. "They look dangerous to me."

Jason warily watched the wolves as he talked, "Yeah, but that's because they're big and they have teeth. Why the horn, though? Like, what purpose does a horn serve on a canine's head other than to get caught on stuff and slow them down?"

"Well..." Henry though thought about it. "That's a good point. Maybe they hit things with their heads?"

"No, no, that makes no sense. Wolves already have big teeth. They drag prey down, and wolves hunt in packs. Apparently even demon wolves do."

Henry conceded, "I see your point. Um... I guess they look cool in a fucked up kind of way?"

"Exactly! That means these things were probably manufactured. They aren't natural. Nature doesn't build for 'cool' unless it's around mating. Wolves with horns don't make any sense."

"Dude, they're called 'demon wolves,' and their fucking eyes are glowing. What was your first clue they weren't natural?"

"You wouldn't understand," Jason sighed. "Demon wolves are a trope in fiction. Seeing them in person, especially the horned variety, is scary, exciting, and confusing all at once."

"It must be tough being such a geek."

Jason nodded seriously. "It can be. On a more serious note, why are they all just standing there, staring at us? I count about fourteen of them."

"I got the same number," replied Henry. "You know, if we hadn't taken our orbs, we would be totally fucked right now."

"Yeah," said Jason. "Let's not go congratulating ourselves until we survive this, though."

"Good plan," growled Henry. "Come on, motherfuckers, let's tango!" he yelled at the wolves.

And suddenly, every giant, slavering wolf monster looked directly at Henry before attacking at the same time. As each of the terrifying, angry creatures seemed to make a beeline directly for him, Henry thought, Sometimes I wish I could keep my mouth shut.





Battle with the Demon Wolves

The demon wolves pounced, most of them focusing entirely on Henry. He used magic to pump his body with power from the earth and sprang back, his speed and strength far exceeding normal human limits. It drained a lot of his magical energy to boost himself like this since Earth school was not his focus, but he didn't see any choice. The demon wolves were too big, too fast, and there were too many of them to do anything other than go all-out from the beginning of the fight.

Three of the demon wolves collided where he'd been standing and snarled at each other as they disentangled themselves. Henry saw vicious intelligence in their glowing eyes and felt a chill. These were not stupid dogs, not at all.

He used a bit more magic to map the area. The effect was immediate; Henry knew every stick, every rock, and every tree for a hundred yards around as if they were a part of his own body. He couldn't afford to trip in this fight. Emotionally, he reacted the way he usually did during life and death situations--his thoughts turned cold. His normal personality was replaced by ice, and he became hyperalert.

Henry had a moment before the demon wolves near him could attack again, so he changed the skin on his forearms into metal then extended large spikes from the outer sides. The metal shone, the dense steel shimmering in the noonday sun. Henry's available magic power was reduced to about half at this point. He spared a glance to look for Jason, but his friend was already gone. He was probably helping protect the civilians.

Henry would have to fight on his own. He was so, so very screwed, but he would do what he could. Maybe if he killed enough of these unnatural four-legged fucks, Jason could save the villagers. That way Henry's life wouldn't have been wasted.

He smiled viciously; his grin showed all his teeth, and his eyes were wild. He had unleashed the beast. In the back of his mind, he could hear, "Blood, blood, blood makes the grass grow green, Drill Sergeant!" Old training asserted itself in a moment, and Henry became a different person. His heart burned like fire, but his mind was still so cold, so very cold.

The demon wolves cocked their heads and looked confused, almost as if they were wondering why the man was not retreating from them. They probably had never encountered such a thing before.

Henry sprang forward, screaming his old battle cry, "Rain god's a bitch!" The first demon wolf didn't have a chance. Henry hit it like a pissed off Japanese wrecking ball of flashing blades and killing intent. His cheap, generic, magic-sharp machete cleaved right through his first target's skull. Without pausing, he fluidly blocked a set of snapping teeth with his bladed left arm and hit another demon wolf with a side kick so hard the creature practically bent around a tree ten feet away.

Unfortunately, the creatures adjusted quickly, and Henry's element of surprise lasted as long as a fifth of whiskey at a kegger. He barely dodged several more attacks and quickly found himself on the defensive. The huge, lupine creatures relentlessly pursued him, their glowing eyes tracking every move. It seemed most of them were chasing him.

Henry used his earth area map to find a stone in the underbrush, grabbing it as he narrowly evaded yet another set of snapping jaws. He stowed his machete, cocked his arm, and let fly, using one of his magic abilities to accelerate the stone to truly frightening speed. The power was amazing; the stone created a sonic boom, and its path could easily be seen by the line of tree trunks exploding into jagged pieces.

Unfortunately, the demon wolf he'd been aiming for was completely untouched. It hadn't even dodged. The monster stopped for a moment and glanced at the path of destruction before turning back to glare at him.

"Well... fuck me," muttered Henry. All the power in the world wasn't very useful if he couldn't hit anything. And unfortunately, Henry had always had terrible throwing aim. "You know," he addressed the blinking demon wolf, "I really wish you'd jumped in front of that thing, you mangy piece of shit."

Suddenly, his discussion with the offending and still-very-alive demon wolf was interrupted when another monster jumped at him from the shadows, almost taking his arm off. His only warning had been the slight rustle of the nearby bushes. Henry jumped straight up and used his powerful legs to springboard off a tree, landing almost twenty feet away.

Henry's mind was still cold as he pondered ways to most efficiently kill his enemies. As he continued to dodge around trees and narrowly avoid being bitten in half, he came up with an idea. He didn't like his plan, but he couldn't think of anything better, so he ruthlessly suppressed his fear and acted. He grabbed two more stones from the ground. The demon wolves were obviously somehow coordinating their attacks, so he would use that against them; it was going to require using a lot of magic, though.

He threw a stone at nearby demon wolf, and like last time, the projectile didn't even come close to hitting the creature. He'd tried to dial down power in order to conserve magic but still used a lot of juice. As soon as he threw the stone, he acted tired and waited a couple seconds.

Two demon wolves practically appeared out of nowhere and attacked from both sides. If he'd attacked or blocked one, the other probably would have gotten him.

Unfortunately for them, he'd been expecting this sort of strategy. Got ya! He slashed at one monster, warding it off, and in a blur of motion, threw his remaining stone at the second creature. Point blank range, ha!

The hapless creature made a wet, squelching sound as it was torn apart. The raw power of the stone's impact and sonic boom sprayed viscera everywhere. The tree behind it violently exploded and wounded another monster with wooden shrapnel. The shattered body of the stone's target crumpled to the ground.

Henry jumped away while trying to clean his face with a gore streaked sleeve. Blood and monster parts were in his hair. It was disgusting, but he didn't have time to deal with it as he tracked another two creatures trying to box him in.

The next few minutes were a madhouse of howls, chaos, and fear. The murderous creatures didn't rush him quite so aggressively anymore; they'd learned to fear him. Still, it seemed like all Henry could do to avoid dying every few seconds. There are just too many of these damn things!

Henry mentally took a kill count. He'd killed the first wolf he targeted when the battle started, one with a stone, and most recently taken out a third with an arm blade slammed into its head.

He suddenly had a premonition and turned to see massive jaws coming for his throat. He knew he was going to die. His weight was shifted forward, and his body position was completely wrong to block or dodge. The monster caught him. There was nothing he could do.

In a moment that seemed to last forever, Henry resigned himself to death. He mentally shrugged. He'd had a good run and he wasn't going out like a bitch. However, right before his life was snuffed out by enormous, hungry teeth, Jason appeared out of nowhere above the monster, driving a bronze sword straight through its back with all his weight.

The move was perfectly executed, and the demon wolf crumped around the blade, its lungs and heart pierced. Henry was so shocked he barely managed to get out of the way as the monster slid to a stop with Jason on top of it, covered in gore.

Henry wasn't sure what surprised him more: the fact that he wasn't dead, or his friend's appearance. The normally mild mannered Jason had wild eyes, teeth bared in a snarl.

Jason ripped his sword out of the dying monster and flicked the blood off. He turned to Henry and asked, "How much magic do you have left?"

"A little less than twenty-five percent, I think," answered Henry. "How many are left?"

"Eight are dead, so six are left. Just keep doing what you've been doing, keep them busy. I have about the same amount of magic left as you. It will be close, but we have a chance." With that, Jason disappeared again, air rushing to fill the space he'd just occupied.

Henry was shocked, and he barely got his mind moving again in time to dodge another attack. This time, he wasn't being pressured as much by other creatures, so he was able to counterattack. His machete neatly lopped off a leg. The monster snarled in pain and snapped its teeth at Henry, but he danced to the side and kicked it in the head. His earth-enhanced foot slammed into the demon wolf's head with tooth-shattering force. The creature somersaulted backwards, and as it came to a stop, Jason briefly appeared again. His blade moved in a blur, taking a slice out of the demon's head before he used his magic to vanish again.

Henry shook his head and realized his friend was turning into a very scary dude.

Almost immediately, he was being attacked again, a monster snapping at his heels while he ran. He was beginning to tire. His Endurance skill could apparently stave off exhaustion to a certain degree... but not forever. He was starting to approach his limits physically and magically.

Henry was dodging a demon wolf and trying to attack another from behind when he made his first big mistake. He failed to notice bushes moving to the side, and a demon wolf's ambush worked. Its jaws closed on his leg, and he could feel its teeth puncturing his flesh as his bones shattered. Henry screamed and managed to kick the creature away before it could do any more damage, but he was hurt badly.

He stood up slowly, glaring at the three demon wolves surrounding him. They growled deep in their chests, their eyes flashing, and once again, Henry knew he was going to die. He was almost out of magic power, and his body strengthening was beginning to fade. With an effort of will, he used the very last of his magic power to lengthen the blades on his arms and curve them forward. He couldn't put any weight on one leg, which meant he couldn't dodge, but that also meant he wouldn't need to worry about longer arm blades getting in the way.

Then suddenly, once again, Jason was there beside him. His bronze sword was twisted and covered in gore. He was facing to the rear, watching Henry's back. Jason said, "I won't have much left after this, but I am going to try something. Get ready and make it count."

Henry nodded and felt Jason's magic surge behind him. Then a curious thing happened--Henry's mind expanded. He didn't really feel different, but he was aware that his thoughts were much faster than normal. The world seemed to slow down around him, and when the first of the three demon wolves jumped, it almost seemed like it was in slow motion.

Henry swung his arm blade at the monster's face but realized he was moving slowly too. Ah, time had just changed, not my speed. Jason must have buffed him using magic.

Despite his new ability to see in slow motion, the demon wolves were still strong and fast while Henry was down to one useable leg. He really didn't have many options left, so he decided to make the best of a bad situation.

He waited patiently, weakly waving off attacks as if he was barely conscious. He carefully watched the monster in front of him, looking for the perfect moment to strike.

Then it came. The creature overexposed itself, went just a little too far forward while snapping at him, and Henry seized his chance. He put as much of his fading strength as he could manage into his remaining leg to lunge forward, punching with his arm blade. The shimmering, magically-formed steel slammed into the demon wolf's mouth, and Henry's forward momentum forced the blade through the back of its head. It immediately went down, painfully wrenching Henry's arm as he went down with it.

Henry no longer had the energy to get off the ground. He could feel the dead creature's paw hitting his back in its death throes. What a shitty place. I really hate Dolos, was his last thought before passing out.

* * *

When Henry woke up, it was nighttime, and he knew he was probably awake thanks to his Endurance skill. He'd been beaten up badly before, so he knew if he were a normal person, he'd still be unconscious for at least another day. Well, if he were still a normal person, he'd just be dead. He chuckled without humor as he checked his magic reserves and discovered he'd regained about a third of his maximum power.

His leg was thoroughly bound and wrapped with linen. He put a hand to his head and realized someone had washed him too. He no longer had guts in his hair.

As he looked around, he realized he was lying in one of the villager's tents. He and Jason usually just slept under the wagons, so this was new to him. He propped himself up and slowly made his way out of the tent. As soon as he gimped outside, he saw the villagers standing around a fire in the middle of the wagon circle. A child standing saw him and gave a squeak before running off. The kid looked scared.

Well, I probably do look like hell, thought Henry. He popped his joints and stretched for a moment, breathing the cool night air and studying the stars. The sky was beautiful; the unfamiliar constellations were like celestial glitter. Well, maybe this world isn't all bad.

A few minutes later, Jason hurried over, and Mareen followed closely behind. They both looked relieved. Jason came to a stop and said, "We didn't know when you were going to wake up. I wish I'd known you were just going to take a short nap."

"Well, what can I say? I guess my body knows I got stuff to do."

Jason smiled but then sobered. He said, "I have good news and bad news. The bad news is that your leg bone is in pieces and it's not something Mareen can heal, although she did take care of your cuts and bruises."

Henry sighed and asked, "Am I ever going to walk again?"

Jason answered, "If you didn't take the first rank in the Self-Healing skill, probably not. Luckily for you, your body is repairing your leg. Mareen says you should be limping another half day. You'll probably be starving tomorrow and have to eat all day, though."

"I can live with that." Henry was feeling pensive. "So the healing ability isn't based on magic power, eh? Last thing I knew, I was completely tapped out and about to die. What happened?"

"The three demon wolves we fought were the last ones left. You killed one, I killed one, then the remaining one went for you on the ground. I was barely able to take it out before it got you." A shadow crossed Jason's eyes. "That whole thing was a mess. It made the goblin cave seem like a walk in the park. If you hadn't been here, we all would have died."

Henry snorted, "What are you talking about? You teleported all over the place, and by my count, I only got four of them."

"No, you have it all wrong." Jason shook his head. "You outright killed four, sure. However, you critically wounded three of them. They would have died anyway if I hadn't finished them off. You also singlehandedly saved all the villagers by pissing off the demon wolves so bad they all came after you.

"Almost every creature I killed I was able to get the jump on because they were so intent on you. With the exception of the one George brained with his club, I'd consider every dead demon wolf at least partially your kill. You saved the day, man!"

Henry blinked and looked at Mareen. "Is he telling the truth?"

Mareen nodded, spots of color appearing on her cheeks. Henry immediately felt bad for startling her and didn't ask any other questions. He seemed to be making her uncomfortable for some reason.

"Wow," Henry sighed. He regarded his bandaged leg before gazing up at the night sky again. "That was a hell of a thing. I wish we had cold beer. With the stars and a beer and no more fucking demon wolves, maybe this world wouldn't suck so bad."

"I guess we'll have to see what we can do." Jason clapped him on the shoulder. "Hopefully we can find a way to celebrate once we get to Mirana."





The Long Road to Mirana

As soon as Henry was healed enough to walk and the caravan started moving again, he noticed a difference in how the villagers acted towards him. Henry knew he wasn't the best person sometimes at noticing others' emotions, but the expressions of fear, pride, and especially awe made him a little uncomfortable. From his perspective, when he'd fought the demon wolves, he just did what any decent person should have done.

He patted his leg, a nervous habit he'd recently picked up, and thought, Well, I do have some hellacious scars. If anything was impressive, it was how his leg looked. Despite having healed, the giant bite mark on his leg was clearly visible. It looked sort of like a huge shark had chomped his limb to pieces before some mad doctor put everything back together again. Henry was deeply grateful for his healing ability. He would never take walking for granted again.

He gave himself another day to heal before practicing magic again. Henry vowed to have more tools and experience the next time he had to fight for his life. Realistically, he was sure there would be a next time. Ludus was a dangerous world, and eventually he and Jason would probably be adventurers too. Life on Ludus would probably never be easy.

Henry was getting seriously sick of following the same crappy, half-grown trail through the forest and eating bland hard tack every day. He and Jason eventually learned from the villagers that quite a few plants in the forest were edible, but they all tasted horrible. For the time being, Henry just kept eating the hard tack as the lesser of two evils. Too bad the demon wolves were pretty much inedible. At least we got some horns to trade for cash in Mirana.

In the back of his mind, he kept thinking about the machete. George said that any blessed steel tools were insanely valuable. Henry wondered how much the machete would sell for. He didn't understand the local currency, but he'd been told that selling his machete could make him a lot of money.

Henry talked to Jason about it, and they both thought they should get more information before making any decisions, but selling was probably a good idea. As soon as they got to Mirana, one of the first orders of business would be to sell the machete and start off their adventuring and future continent-conquering careers with a bang. A bang made of shit-tons of cash.

Henry had almost no stress about finding money to eat or a place to sleep once they got to Mirana since they had valuable items to sell. All of that changed about a week into their journey.

* * *

Henry woke up early in the morning as he usually did and reached for his machete where he'd left it on the ground next to him. He fumbled around in the weak dawn light and became increasingly worried after he was completely awake.

He eventually got up and searched around the wagon he slept under, hoping that he'd just misplaced the weapon. After a solid twenty minutes of frantically checking all the wagons and around where the night's fire had been, he had to face the reality that the machete was missing. He clearly remembered putting it next to him before he slept.

Next he woke Jason up, and they went to talk to George. George woke the rest of the villagers, and at first there was confusion, then commotion. The mood of the entire caravan rapidly sunk when they all realized what must have happened. Jeth and his father, Yelm, were missing.

After the villagers took inventory, they discovered that Jeth and Yelm had taken a couple packs and basically stolen every small, valuable item in the caravan that wasn't nailed down before they ran off. In addition to Henry's machete, they'd taken George's journal too.

Henry barely remembered Jeth. During the past week traveling with the caravan, he'd gotten to know most of the villagers, and he liked most of them. However, Jeth and his father had kept to themselves when they weren't leering at the village women.

Actually, now that Henry thought about it, he could remember an encounter he'd had with Jeth other than knocking him on his butt the day the demon wolves attacked.

Mareen wasn't usually alone. She usually hung out with George or followed Jason around. However, Jason had been helping a villager with something, so Mareen was by herself when Jeth had sidled up to her. At first he'd just whispered while she shook her head, but then he began to talk under his breath in an agitated tone.

Henry hadn't been able to hear what was said, so he just watched until Jeth tried grabbing Mareen's arm to pull her with him. When she resisted and Jeth wouldn't let go, Henry got up, walked up to the two, and gave Jeth a stiff-armed shove. "Leave," was all he said.

After Jeth had scurried off, Henry had gone back to ignoring Mareen so he wouldn't mess up Jason's game and promptly forgot the whole thing happened.

Now that he thought about it, that had all gone down a few days after the demon wolves attacked, hadn't it?

Hell of a thing.

Well, now the greasy, ugly bastard had run off with his equally creepy father. If they hadn't taken Henry's machete and effectively stolen a fortune from him, he would not have cared. On the other hand, now he was stuck on an alien planet away from his family, and he was broke again. Following them wasn't really possible at this point either; they had too much of a lead, and the villagers still needed protection.

The worst part, at least to Henry, was that evidence showed Jeth and Yelm had been planning to steal and leave for days. The rat bastards had actively plotted against their fellow villagers and the people who saved their lives in the fight against the demon wolves.

Henry became more disgusted and agitated the more he found out about the situation. He began to wonder why he hadn't noticed any suspicious signs and how he could have forgotten Jeth's sleazy behavior before it was too late.

Everyone dealt with the stress in different ways. Jason got very quiet and worked hard to get the caravan ready to move again. Henry, on the other hand, stalked out into the forest as he tried to get his anger under control.

He hated worrying about money. He hated not having money. He hated worrying--worry, worry, worry. He hated being reminded that his mom was back on Earth and he didn't know if anyone was taking care of her. Was she all alone in the hospital with no hair, no visitors, fighting for her life as the cancer ate away at her body? Was that brave, strong lady all alone in a room? Did anyone even bother to bring her flowers anymore? Did she think Henry had run away from her, from his responsibility?

Who was working to help pay for her medical bills? His useless sister probably still wasn't.

Henry hated Jeth--he hated people who could do such shitty things to other people. He didn't understand how people could betray those they ate and survived with.

"FUCK!" he screamed and punched the ground. Waves of force rippled through the earth before him and exploded, sending a shower of silt and clods of earth into the air. Same shit, different planet.

First he'd had the cosmically bad fortune to come to Ludus in the first place. Deep down, he also felt guilty. Would Dolos have taken Jason if he hadn't been fencing with Henry? It weighed on his conscience, but then he thought he'd finally caught a lucky break.

On purpose or on accident, Dolos had given them a way to really get an edge on this planet. But no, some random asshole had to fuck everything up, and now here he was, broke again, worrying about money again! Nothing ever changed!

He was surprised his ex-wife wasn't here to gloat. No, she was too busy having the time of her life, traveling to Paris with the piece of shit she'd been fucking behind Henry's back for months while he worked sixty-hour weeks.

Away from the prying eyes of anyone else, Henry began to cry, softy at first but escalating into full blown, chest-racking sobs. He punched the ground again and again, restraining his magic with an effort of will as his emotions raged and his heart broke.

It was too much for one person to handle without strain. Two battles for his life, dredging up his warrior ethos, remembering combat and how to deal with it, being stolen from... The pressure of keeping up his tough façade took a toll. He finally allowed himself to temporarily give in to despair until it was time to be strong again. Someone had to tough, infallible. George was a good man, but he wasn't a warrior. Someone had to lead in times of danger, and Jason wasn't ready yet.

Henry sobbed in the woods because he had to. He finally let himself admit how scared he really was. He didn't know if he'd ever get home. And the reality was even if he ever made it home, it'd probably be too late to say goodbye to his mom.

He had to be capable, he had to be strong, and that meant he had to get his shit together. He was just thankful his meltdown had happened away from everyone who depended on him.

However, at that moment, if Henry had used magic to map the area, he would have felt a bush move. Someone else was there. That person was silent, watching him weep for a time before she quietly walked back to the caravan. Mareen didn't want Henry to know he'd been seen. He could grieve in peace.

* * *

The mood around the caravan was melancholy for the next week, but at least there weren't any more monsters attacks other than two wizened owl demons. Both attacked at dusk and luckily were not silent like the bird they resembled. They screamed as they approached, their bearded, beaked human faces twisted and ugly.

Compared to the pack of horned demon wolves, a single freaky owl-thing with a thirty-foot wingspan wasn't much of a threat to Henry. He knew from George that wizened owl demons were feared by farmers since they had large ranges and could carry a person off for food. To Henry, they were just a way to work off some stress.

He used both owl demons as targets to test out a new magic technique he'd come up with that combined his stone acceleration power with a stone destruction ability. He called it "stone shotgun". Both times an owl demon had come screeching down from the sky, Henry grabbed one of the large stones he'd started keeping nearby. As soon as the creature got close enough, he tossed the stone up and punched it in the direction of the enemy.

When his fist came close to the rock, he felt resistance like he was hitting a punching bag. The effect on the stone itself was impressive, though. In a fraction of a second, the stone split into dozens of pieces and hurled forward at high speed in a rough cone. The small pieces of stone didn't have the same speed or destructive power as a single large one. However, using stone shotgun, Henry could actually hit something.

Both times Henry used his stone shotgun attack against a wizened owl demon, one shot was enough to almost instantly kill the creature, shredding its wings and body before it crashed to the ground. On the evening the second creature attacked, Jason joined him to make sure it was dead. It was definitely dead.

Jason prodded the ugly thing with his foot and said, "You know, my magic is great for speeding up my mind, teleporting, that sort of thing, but I don't really have many tools to attack at range. At least none I've figured out yet. It's a good thing you were here to kill this wizened owl demon."

"It's a stupid name," Henry said sullenly. "In fact, all the demons we've heard about so far have really fucking stupid names except the goblins. What gives?"

Jason rubbed his nose and looked away. "Well, that's not entirely true. Think about the literal translation for 'goblin' in the Luda language. It's 'spindly cave demon,' right?"

Henry frowned and thought for a moment before saying, "Yeah, you're right. So they have stupid names too."

George quietly walked up next to them. "I couldn't help but overhear your conversation," he said. "There is actually a local superstition about demon names."

Henry knew George probably had Jason's undivided attention. Despite how absurd he personally felt discussing demon etymology over the cooling corpse of a wizened owl demon, he knew they should probably get the conversation out of the way, or Jason would never let it rest. He motioned with his hand for George to continue.

"Well," said George, "according to priestesses of the Church of Dolos, all the demons on Ludus are descendants of monsters created by Lilith, one of Dolos' great archrivals."

Henry blinked, "Huh?"

George shrugged and said, "If you get a chance, find a book or ask someone about Earth's old myths concerning Lilith. It might interest you.

"Popular superstition is that Lilith named her creations in the language of the gods. The demon names were translated as directly as possible into Quadrant, the language most Areva speak, then translated again the same way into Luda. So basically, demon names sound strange because they've been translated through several different languages and because people believe that changing a demon's proper name may invite the wrath of Lilith."

At this point, Henry gave up pretending he cared about the conversation. The owl demon was dead, and nobody would be eating it. Apparently they tasted even more terrible than the horned demon wolves. They had creepy humanlike faces too. He walked back to the caravan as Jason and George continued yukking it up about mythology.

Off to the side, he caught Mareen staring at him. She'd been acting funny for a while now. He idly wondered why she seemed to hate him.

Oh well, they should have been getting to Mirana in another couple days. His time would be better spent trying to figure out what he and Jason were going to do about food and lodging after they got to the city than worrying about the pretty girl that loathed him.

Henry had already talked to Jason about the possibility of staying with George's people and trying to make a life as farmers, but both of them were agreed that it wasn't a real option. They knew the villagers would welcome them and they'd be assets to the community, but both men felt they had too much to do. They had to at least try to get home again.

With heavy thoughts, Henry stomped over to help the villagers build a fire. He was thinking so deeply he barely noticed or acknowledged when the villagers clapped him on the back or praised him for killing the second demon owl. When he noticed all the attention, it made him uncomfortable, and he retreated back into his thoughts.

* * *

A day later, the caravan came out of the forest into farm country right before night fell. Morale started to lift; they were almost there. The next day, the caravan finally reached Mirana. Henry had to admit he was impressed.

The city was fairly large and surrounded by a wall. It looked like the wall was made of masonry, probably out of bricks crafted from nearby clay.

Henry judged the city was home to tens of thousands of people. The surrounding farmlands were pretty large too, and he noticed that all the people looked healthy--none looked mistreated. He didn't see the telltale signs of second-class citizens or serfs. Things were looking good so far.

As they walked to the gate of the city and got in line, he asked George, "Why did you guys leave this place again? Are you from here?"

George shook his head. "No, we just passed through. We were worried it may be too expensive. Mirana was basically built around adventuring and trade since so many dungeons are nearby. This means the city is rich for its size. We were afraid the area would be too expensive for us to settle in."

"I see." Henry turned back to watch the gate of the city. He asked, "How in the world did you get to the area where you built your village without getting eaten by monsters?"

George shrugged and answered, "We hired a group of adventures. They had a pretty easy time of it. We only got attacked one night by a couple goblins." Henry translated the term George used to "goblins," but now he couldn't help hearing the literal "spindly cave demons" in Luda. The monster names on Ludus were so stupid!

"I'm guessing that the increased demand for farmers around here has made it worth the risk to come back, right? That and this place isn't crawling with monsters like the old village."

"Yes."

Jason, who'd been walking behind them suddenly asked, "How did you find out about the city needing more farmers anyway?"

"Magic messenger bird."

Seriously? thought Henry, but he let it drop. So did Jason. Apparently neither of them were in the mood to learn more about magic messenger birds. Yet another dumb name.

It took while, but eventually the caravan reached the gates. As they neared, Henry noticed that both guards were women. They wore bronze breastplates, loose, red clothing, and bronze barbute helms. Each woman held a large spear and wore a huge dagger, almost a short sword, at her waist. The bored-looking guards asked George to state their purpose. After George said they were immigrating, the guards shuttled them off to the side and told them to wait.

After about twenty minutes, a woman in official-looking clothing came out to greet George. The woman had slightly Mediterranean-looking features, and her handsome, middle aged face had smile lines. Her maroon robes hid her figure, but she held herself like someone who was used to being taken seriously. She had some sort of badge or crest sewn onto a white sash. Henry sat on a log by the roadside with Jason. Mareen was next to Jason as usual, and she wouldn't look at Henry. What did I do to make her hate me so much?

After greetings, George seemed to be politely arguing with the woman. It didn't look like matters were going well. Then George apparently excused himself and slowly walked over to Henry and Jason. The robed woman stayed where she was at and waited. George looked at the ground, dry washed his hands, and said in English, "Bra, we got a sif problem, ja? We don't got 'nuff money."

"What do you mean?" asked Jason.

"I guess there ain't use in dik bek over it. I'll just tell you straight. Settling in this area costs a load of money, ja? To farm can make a lot of money now, but it costs to rent the land. They usually need a year of rent before you can be boers. The city counselor over there has a plot for us, and it even has shacks already we can stay in till we build somethin' better. She is even letting' us start with just six months' rent, and we won't have to pay for another year. Problem is... Jeth and Yelm stole most of the valuables. We don't have enough. We're close but still short just now."

Henry mentally sighed and glanced at Jason. They had no obligation to these people. Any debt, real or imagined, had been repaid several times over. But he knew Jeth and his father had betrayed the villagers even worse than him and Jason. It didn't take a rocket scientist to understand the difficult situation George's community was in.

George had said before that food was easy to come by on Ludus. He said it was hard to starve, but Henry knew winter was coming. Could these people survive a winter in a land full of monsters with no homes and no food but the nasty plants in the forest? At this rate, some villagers might turn to crime to survive another year.

No, Henry knew what they had to do. He saw Jason slightly nod, and once again, Henry was proud of his friend. As Jason unfastened the crude bronze sword from his belt, George's face betrayed a variety of complicated emotions; grief, relief, gratitude, and shame all spread across his face. Henry clapped George on the back and walked with him and Jason to the city counselor.

"Hi," said Henry in Luda.

"Hello. My name is City Counselor Hirine. You may address me how you wish."

Jason held up the damaged sword and said, "I've heard that metal weapons are worth something. Would this on top of what these people already have get them some land?"

The counselor said serenely, "Perhaps so. Let me get this appraised."

A short time later, the counselor came out with a piece of paper marked with numbers. "You are in luck. The sword by itself would not have been enough due to its poor condition, but it is considered a spindly cave demon artifact of scholarly significance. It is worth more than an average bronze sword, even damaged."

"Spindly cave demons," Henry muttered under his breath, "so stupid."

Hirine produced a cloth pouch. "If you were to sell the spindly cave demon artifact to the city for research, the money you would have left after covering the caravan's rent shortage is in this bag. Do you accept these terms?"

Henry didn't know if they were getting screwed or not, but it wouldn't matter. This was another situation where there was only one available option open to him in order to still be the man he wanted to be. He glanced at Jason, who gave a small nod. "Yes, let's make it happen."

The deal was done. A guard was called over to lead George and the rest of the caravan to their new farming land and a new life. George came over to Henry and Jason with tears in his eyes and shook their hands. He was so emotional he couldn't speak, but his eyes spoke volumes. Before he turned back, he exchanged a long, significant look with Mareen, who nodded firmly. George shrugged and went to join his people as they began walking down a side road towards a section of rich farmland. He didn't look back. Henry thought, I wonder what that was about.

Mareen abruptly said, "I need to talk to the city counselor about something. Please find the first place inside the gates where you can rest for a while, and I will meet you as soon as my business is done."

Jason stammered, "But... huh? What do you need...?"

"Please just do as I ask, Jason Booth." Mareen's tone made it clear she was serious and not budging on the matter.

Henry mused, I guess women on every planet are born knowing how to do that, huh? The thought amused him enough that he was able to temporarily forget he was basically unarmed, broke, had no extra food, and was about to enter a brand new city with just the clothes on his back.

Jason asked Henry, "Is it cool with you if we wait?"

Henry snorted, "I don't think we have much of a choice. Let's go find a place to sit down."





Mareen's Heart Song

Mareen first heard the story of the princess and her heart song a few years after her parents died. It was a fairy tale practically every child on Ludus heard while growing up. Mareen loved the story and dreamed of one day meeting a boy who could awaken her heart song.

Her magic had manifested when she was an adolescent, at twelve years old. Her years of hard work reaching for a magical affinity had paid off. She admitted to herself she was probably a little lucky too even though she wasn't especially powerful. Then she trained hard so that one day, if her heart ever did sing, she'd be a strong enough person that fate wouldn't pass her by.

"The Princess and her Heart Song" taught all children to be the best person they could be.

It was hard to find mirrors, but Mareen tried to keep her appearance up as much as possible despite being poor. She knew that taking pride in how she presented herself to the world was one way to feel good about herself and stay motivated. She never avoided hard work, and she learned basic self-defense. Mareen didn't know exactly what she wanted in life, but she knew she'd know it when it came. She wanted to be ready for that day. She tried to improve herself in every way she could.

When she'd discovered she had talent for mathematics, she was excited. She didn't like math very much, but she was good at it, so she decided to throw herself into it and learn as much as she could. Luckily, she was able to easily teach herself from the odd book that George picked up for her.

She grew accustomed to handling her grandfather's finances and keeping track of the perishables.

From the time she started developing into a woman, Mareen knew she attracted the eyes of men, even some women. Sometimes it made her uncomfortable, especially when she had to pretend she didn't understand a love confession. It was even worse when she had to outright reject a boy who didn't leave himself any way to save face. Luckily, she'd only lived in farming communities, so there were never too many people around. As a result, by the time she was in her teens, it was common knowledge that Mareen was not interested in courting.

She didn't care what anyone thought as long as they left her alone. It did make her sad when she found out what some of them said, though. "Mareen is so pretty, it's too bad she isn't interested in love. She should be engaged already." Others said, "She will probably die alone, her standards are probably too high." Some even said in whispers, "She thinks she is better than anyone else. Just because she has a nice face and can use magic... someone should teach her a lesson. What a bitch."

She was approached several times by married women about being a second or third wife in their family. Every time she was approached, Mareen firmly but politely said no. She wasn't arrogant, but she knew her worth. She was a literate young woman, a life mage, and she was good enough at math to do simple accounting without making any marks. Unless she fell in love with a married man, it would have been foolish for her to agree to be a second or third wife in a farming family.

Even though the women obviously expected to be turned down, some of them still took it hard. Mareen was not popular among certain groups of older women.

Mareen didn't really have any friends. So few people really knew her very well that only her grandfather even knew she had a temper. She was just too busy most of the time to spend time on people who didn't understand her. She didn't dislike her peers, but she couldn't relate to them very well. While other girls her age mooned after boys or talked about rich ladies in the cities, Mareen dreamed of adventure.

She knew she wanted more for herself than to take an easy life. She had the memory of her father to follow, and he'd never done anything the easy way. She didn't remember her mother very well, but she remembered that she'd been strong. Beautiful and strong.

Luckily for her, in addition to being her only family, her grandfather was also her best friend. He never talked down her, never asked when she was going to think about starting a family, and he always quietly supported her. He seemed to understand that Mareen wanted more than a simple farming life could offer.

George had used what little money he had to buy her study books to educate herself. He told her stories of faraway lands he'd seen during his adventuring days and even described his time on Earth, the mysterious land he originally came from. Mareen dreamed of one day seeing the countries George talked about. She was always fascinated by the stories of Earth technology that ran on electricity (small lightning was how she understood it). But most of all, Mareen wanted to find someone to have adventures with.

Sure, when she was younger, she'd imagined finding her heart song, but as she got older, she realized it probably wouldn't happen. The odds were very low; it was a rare thing. Deep down, she still wanted to believe heart songs were real, though. One day, when she was fourteen, she'd asked Grandfather George if people on Earth knew about heart songs.

Mareen remembered George frowning and saying, "Well, I do know what the concept of 'heart song' means; it's like a cross between 'one true love,' 'love at first sight,' and something to do with being strong enough to protect someone you love and teaching them how to be strong too. To be honest, the whole thing is a little confusing and strange from an earthling's perspective. You used to love 'The Princess and her Heart Song,' didn't you?"

Mareen nodded shyly, and George chuckled. "Don't ever been ashamed of what you want to do or who you want to be. The only person who controls your destiny is you. If you ever decide to change what you are looking for in the future, let that be your choice too. Never let other people tell you what your heart is saying or should be saying.

"You are your father's daughter, and nothing will ever change that. You could change the world one day, Mareen."

Mareen was taken aback by the seriousness of her grandfather's answer. "Do you believe in heart songs?" she'd asked.

George got a distant look in his eyes, and his tone was wistful when he answered, "Before I came to Ludus, I would have thought it was stupid. But the way your mother met your father and the way they fit together... I guess anything is possible, especially when it comes to love. Maybe there is such thing as destiny... or at least truly incredible chance."

Mareen's heart had soared after that conversation, and she no longer felt as foolish for believing in heart songs. She still didn't know what kind of man was out there for her. She didn't really believe he'd be a prince; she was a farm girl after all. But she yearned for someone to expand her horizons and make her believe that the impossible was possible.

Shortly after she'd turned sixteen, she accompanied her grandfather and those who followed him. Their group consisted of people who didn't want to rent land anymore, who wanted to own their own homes and farms. The only realistic way for farmers to own land in Tolstey was to claim ownerless land in the wilderness. The concept was simple in theory but hard to actually do. Not only was it a lot of hard work, but monsters were a constant danger.

Still, with high hopes, the group had hired some adventurers and found the spot of land that eventually became their village. Mareen worked hard and took pride in being valuable to the village with her healing magic. Everything had been going fine until Jeth's advances started.

It began slowly at first. Jeth would just follow her around and stare. But no matter how much she ignored him, no matter how often she asked him to stop, he just acted creepier. When she left the outhouse one day and Jeth was waiting for her, she'd finally had enough and told George. George talked to Jeth's father, Yelm, about it, but since Jeth hadn't actually done anything physically, he wasn't disciplined.

George had been livid. He couldn't believe Yelm defended Jeth when his son was acting like a stalker.

After that, the problems grew worse. Jeth knew Mareen had tried to get him in trouble.

Jeth stopped following her as much as he used to, but he always just happened to be where she was. He still stared. His eyes made it clear that he somehow believed she belonged to him. When their gazes met, he snarled and made suggestive motions at her. The way he looked at her made her feel dirty.

There weren't many teens in their new village. Deep in her heart, Mareen wondered if Jeth had had anything to do with Yelm coming with the group. Had he convinced his father to go? From a certain point of view, if he'd had designs on Mareen, it would have been easier if he was the only boy around near her age. The thought always made her shiver.

She'd endured this constant worry for years, always wondering if Jeth would be staring at her when she worked, touching himself when she walked by, scratching the wall of the cabin outside her room, or leering at her and licking the back of his hand. She couldn't get away from him since the village was so small. She was always nervous to take baths and made George stand guard whenever he could.

The only bit of luck she had was that she was a mage. She didn't have to fear for her safety as she would have if she were a normal girl. Even though her magic wasn't well suited for violence, she did have limited control over the school of Water, so she wasn't completely defenseless.

She hated the tension, though. She hated being constantly on edge. Part of her wondered if her magic was the reason Jeth had never tried to get physical with her. She didn't want to think about how bad things could have been otherwise.

By the time she turned nineteen, she'd slowly given up on ever finding her heart song. Granted, she knew that living in a tiny village in the middle of nowhere wasn't exactly the best way to find opportunities for love or adventure, but she had nowhere to go. She still hadn't even decided what she wanted to do in life, so where would she go? She was an adult now--four years into adulthood, six years older than the minimum marrying age.

She was almost twenty. She'd all but given up on her dreams and was thinking about just finding meaningful work or a chance to see more of the world. Maybe heart songs were just stories for little girls after all. At the very least, if she wanted any chance of ever finding more for herself, she had to leave the village.

She'd decided to tell her grandfather that she was going to leave. She had no money, and it was dangerous to travel, but she was a life mage. She could contact nearby settlements and cities with magic messenger birds to look for a sponsor. She was certain she'd be able to find someone willing to send a party to escort her. Life mages that were willing to work for rich households or noble families were in high demand.

Her grandfather would take it hard. He wanted what was best for her, but he would be all alone when she left.

However, she knew George sometimes glanced at her sadly when he thought she wasn't paying attention. She knew he wouldn't argue with her or try to make her stay. He'd already gently asked her a few times what she wanted to do with her life. She was already two years older than her parents had been when they got married. It was time for her to find her own path.

Mareen agonized over how to tell George she was going to leave the village but never got the chance. She'd almost summoned the courage when the goblins captured them. The rest of that day had been a nightmare of disjointed memories. She remembered trying to fight back with water magic. In her panic, she'd missed with the single attack she had energy for. After that, the goblins kept her restrained and helpless. She knew she was going to die in terror and agony. There was no hope.

As Mareen screamed on the ground in that terrible cave, she'd prayed to the Creator that someone, anyone, would save her--and someone had. A force of nature entered her life, a cursing, grumpy force of nature named Henry Sato.

He'd come into the cave out of nowhere, killing the goblin on top of her and going on to fight another two at once. Jason had screamed in defiance while fighting the goblin leader. Both men were utterly insane. With no special powers, no armor other than the thick jackets they wore, they'd picked a fight with a cave full of goblins. The two of them were only armed with sharp sticks! Sharp. Sticks. It was madness!

And they won! The two strange men had actually won! Mareen was shocked right out of her terror. Her amazement increased when neither man spoke Luda. In fact, she could understand some of the English they spoke. They were from Earth! They were shocked when she healed her grandfather with magic, so she reasoned they were probably new to Ludus too. The idea that two people would go straight from being transported to Ludus to jumping into a battle with goblins was ludicrous, yet there Mareen stood, alive and rescued.

At the time, it had frustrated her that her English was so bad, but she felt fortunate she knew any at all.

They'd somehow escaped and made it back to the village.

When she saw the two strange men the next day, she was relieved they were alright. She'd stared at Henry--she couldn't help it. He wasn't what she would normally have called handsome. In fact, he was a bit shorter than any man she'd thought she'd be interested in. He smirked and frowned a lot too. But there was just something about him...

Mareen wished she spoke better English or Henry could somehow speak Luda. In some ways, the two men reminded her of her grandfather but Henry and Jason were still completely different than anyone she'd ever met before. She wanted to talk to them; she wanted to learn more about Henry. She knew she was falling, but she couldn't help herself. She was fascinated.

Mareen remembered the conversation in English that Henry, Jason, and George had had. They'd talked about magic, the races on Ludus, all sorts of subjects. She had a hard time following most of what was said, but she was able to understand that Henry and Jason had met Dolos. She saw they possessed a couple Dolos orbs. She was shocked to her core.

Around this time was when she first began to believe she'd met two legends in the making, heroes in the flesh. She felt a bit of awe, and her interest in Henry made her chest feel tight.

She didn't understand it. Henry was rude, he spit a lot, and he obviously vexed Jason at times. In fact, she had a hard time understanding the friendship between the two in the first place. They were both so different. How did they operate so well as a team? Who was in charge? Leadership seemed to switch every other minute between the two of them. Mareen had never even had a close friend. She was intensely jealous, and the more she'd learned about the two men, the more she wanted to be their friend too.

In her mind, she convinced herself, Just friends with Henry. Yeah. Just friends would be fine.

The next day had come, and she discovered Henry and Jason used their orbs. Now they could both speak Luda. All of Mareen's carefully planned scenarios to reintroduce herself and befriend Henry evaporated. She'd finally gotten her wish--they could all speak the same language, and she was... petrified. She didn't know what to say. She couldn't bear to just walk up and talk to them! It was ridiculous, and she hated herself for it, but she'd turned shy! The blunt, outspoken Mareen couldn't talk to a boy!? What was wrong with her?

She somehow got through her first conversation in Luda, but she felt stupid the entire time.

It didn't help that Henry wouldn't even look at her. It got even worse after she started trying to be friends with Jason. Her cheeks felt like they were constantly on fire. Henry intimidated her as much as he fascinated her. For the life of her, she couldn't bring herself to do anything more direct than follow Jason around because he made her less nervous. She was grateful when he took pity and began talking to her, slowly building at least one of the friendships she sought.

It didn't take long for her to admit her interest in Henry. Her openness with Jason surprised her but she trusted him even after a short time. She could just somehow feel the goodness in Jason's heart, and when she stuttered out questions about Henry, he regarded her with compassion. She hated her body for betraying her, but she could feel unshed tears in her eyes when she admitted she worried Henry thought she was ugly. He wouldn't look at her after all.

Jason had shaken his head and said, "No, you don't understand. Henry is a complicated person, and he has a lot of emotional scars. He used to be married, and he sacrificed a lot for his wife. She repaid him by sleeping with another man behind his back. This all happened after his mother got sick and he began taking care of her.

What's even worse, his ex-wife planned the divorce in advance and got advice from a lawyer. Then she cleaned out their bank account before demanding a divorce. Everything was done in a way that Henry couldn't fight back. He was completely blindsided. They were together for a total of... five years, I think? He was devoted to her, and she ripped his heart out."

"What's a lawyer?" Mareen blinked. "And you said Henry was a soldier before too. Just how old is he?"

Jason sighed, "A lawyer is someone who studies the law where I'm from to better understand how to bend or evade it. They're kind of like police officers in some ways. It's great when they're on your side but not so great when they are trying to ruin your life. As for Henry's age, he's twenty-nine years old, almost thirty."

"He's thirty!?"

"Well, our years on Earth are a little shorter than yours, so maybe he'd be one or two years younger on Ludus. I don't know. Buy yeah, he looks a lot younger than his age. Everyone thinks I'm older than him. The lucky bastard is a military vet and Asian. He'll probably look young for his age for a long time. Heck, now that we have orbs, even longer, right?"

Mareen didn't completely understand so she moved on to her next question. "He was married? So his wife chose to spend the rest of her life with him and then betrayed and stole from him?"

"Pretty much, yes."

"What a terrible person." Mareen's lip curled in disgust.

"Again, pretty much, yes."

She paused for a minute and found a handy tree to examine before timidly asking, "Does he hate me?"

Jason sighed again. "No, I actually believe he respects you and thinks you're attractive. But like I said, he has a lot of scars, and I think he's keeping distant from women on purpose. Even if he did luck out with his orb... fuck, why did I have to get a cartoon cat?" Jason snarled.

"Are you angry with me?" Mareen asked timidly.

Jason immediately held his hands up in a placating gesture. "No, no, you're fine. It's something Henry needs to get punched for. Anyway, I think Henry thinks that you're into me."

"WHAT!? You mean like courting you? That's ridiculous!"

"You don't have to say it like that," Jason grumbled. "But yeah, you've been talking to me a lot lately, and you act weird around him, probably because you're shy. I think he's decided that you're into me. In his mind, he probably placed you off-limits. That way he won't have to deal with his attraction to you either."

"But that... that's stupid!" blurted Mareen. "Anyone with eyes could see how I feel. It's shameful to admit, but I'm not exactly good at hiding this sort of thing."

"Well, it is what it is. Henry is a great guy; he is one of the most honorable people I've met in my life, but he's not the greatest at recognizing feelings or understanding women. He can be kind of stupid about this sort of thing."

"Well," Mareen chewed her lower lip and asked, "could you talk to him for me?"

Jason smiled without humor and cheerfully said, "Absolutely not! I am way too old for this sort of thing. You and Henry are adults. You can work it out between yourselves. I'm getting stressed out just listening to this, and I have enough to deal with these days. You know, with monsters occasionally trying to eat my face and all?"

Mareen couldn't believe what she was hearing. These two selfless, heroic, interesting men had the emotional maturity of children! It would have taken Jason less than five minutes to clear up the misunderstanding with Henry. Of course, the small voice in the back of her mind that logically told her she could do the exact same thing didn't help matters.

That night, she'd softly cried herself to sleep. In only a few short days, her whole body ached with unhappiness that Henry might not talk to her. She had to face facts. She couldn't deny anymore that she'd fallen in love. What was worse, she'd found her heart song. It was real, and she was powerless against it. She knew she was getting swept up in the wake of people who were destined for greatness, and she didn't know whether she was content to just follow or establish her own, unique path alongside them.

She wanted so badly just to talk to Henry, but she felt like she was making a fool of herself. She was not some weak girl! She'd been a mage since she was twelve! It was maddening that she'd finally found her life's adventure but she didn't know how to fit into it yet. What was more, the man she couldn't stop thinking about wouldn't even look at her!

Years after she'd stopped truly believing that a heart song would happen for her, her traitorous heart had begun singing in a goblin cave. She couldn't do anything about it! She was completely helpless against the feelings suffusing her body and soul. The ultimate cruelty though, the icing on the cake, was that in a sadistic twist of fate, the man who'd done the impossible in making a fairy tale real for her... was a complete IDIOT! And so was his tall, infuriating friend!





Mareen's Resolve

While the villagers were traveling to Mirana, Jeth had only approached Mareen once. When it happened, she hadn't even noticed he was there until it was too late. He seemed to just appear out of nowhere like a bad dream. He hissed, "Listen, you know you shouldn't be talking to those outsiders. You shouldn't be spending time with Jason. You are one of us. You are mine."

Mareen whispered back, "Just go away. I have nothing to say to you." She didn't want to make a scene. Her conflict with Jeth was already a poorly kept secret among the villagers. She didn't want to shame herself or George by allowing outsiders into a family problem any further. She didn't want to create any more fuel for gossip or weaken George's position as village leader.

Jeth sneered, "Have you no pride? You are a mage, and you follow that Jason around like a pet. He's an outsider. He's not even from Ludus."

"What I do is my business." Mareen's eyes narrowed. She'd realized Jeth was jealous. Perhaps if she played on that, it would upset him and he would finally leave her alone! "You aren't the only boy around anymore. There are much better options."

It was the wrong thing to say.

"Are you spreading your legs for him? Is that what this is, you little slut?" Jeth tried to keep his voice under control, but anger was making him hoarse. "Are you going to have little half-breed Terran children? Actually, you're a half breed too, aren't you? Maybe I should show you what a real man can do to you." Then Jeth did something he'd never done before--he grabbed her arm.

Mareen felt her skin crawl. She was so startled she didn't even think to use her magic. She just wanted away! She pulled back, but she couldn't free her arm, "Let go of me!" She started to panic. Years of fear and anxiety all seemed to come back at once to suffocate her.

And out of nowhere, Henry was there. "Leave," he said to Jeth. What was more, he didn't threaten; he didn't frown; his facial expression didn't change at all, but something about him was scary. He wasn't even directing his attention at Mareen, but she could still feel the edges of it. It felt businesslike, like Henry was just indifferent to Jeth continuing to exist.

He effortlessly broke Jeth's grip on her arm and pushed him away. Jeth looked like he wanted to say something, but bullies are usually cowards at heart; he hurried off. Mareen let out a long sigh, the tension in her back easing. She turned to thank Henry, happy that she also had an opportunity to talk to him, but he was already back to ignoring her again. How did he do that? He was like a cat!

* * *

The next day, Mareen's life had changed forever... again. When Henry said he heard wolves, she'd been alarmed but wasn't sure if she really believed him. However, as the caravan rushed to the clearing and the howls became audible, her mental state deteriorated.

By the time she could actually see the horned demon wolves, she felt numb. She'd thought everyone was doomed, that there was nothing they could do. What was more, it was at least partially her fault; it was all the villagers' faults. None of them had truly believed that the demon wolves were really in the area. Heading to Mirana without an escort had probably gotten them all killed.

She'd wanted to cry, but she barely kept her composure as Henry and Jason stood between the demon wolves and the villagers. Most of the villagers watched while staying within the dubious protection of the wagon circle. Like Mareen, most of them probably believed they wouldn't be alive much longer.

When the battle actually began, Mareen no longer doubted she was travelling with living legends. Jason used magic she'd never even heard of before to disappear from where he was then reappear on top of a wagon. She saw Henry turn into an engine of violence and destruction. Oh, she'd seen Henry fight before; she knew he was a warrior. However, that day she witnessed the type of battle sung about by bards.

Henry slashed with his short steel sword, his machete, and kicked the enormous demon wolves around like they were little more than puppies. He screamed his strange war cry and seemed calm, weaving around trees and escaping from the demon wolves in flashy ways. The way he kept barely escaping each attack made Mareen think that he was taunting them, mocking them.

It worked. While the demon wolves chased Henry, they largely ignored anything else. From time to time, Jason would suddenly appear among them and deliver death with his bronze sword. It was an amazing display of coordination and martial ability. Mareen wondered how long the two friends had practiced together for this sort of thing. There was no way they could have just spontaneously come up with such an effective strategy.

The only time the demon wolves seemed to remember the villagers existed was when one caught sight of Jason on the top of a wagon and loped over. Jason hadn't seen the creature coming and disappeared to fight with Henry again. Mareen somehow managed to overcome he fear enough to take action. As the demon wolf jumped between the wagons, Mareen unleashed the one magical attack she could manage per day. She gathered her power and spit. As soon as the spittle left her mouth, she turned it into a burning, caustic substance and accelerated it.

The acidic, magic-enhanced liquid bullet punched through the demon wolf's haunch, causing the beast to crash to the ground. Quickly, before it could get up again, George ran over to hit it in the head and didn't stop until the monster was still.

By that time, the battle was over, and she's discovered Henry was hurt. His leg was a mess, and at first she'd believed that she couldn't do anything for him. She choked back tears, trying hard not to lose her rationality. However, as she worked with Jason to clean Henry's wound and cover the mangled leg, she got yet another surprise. Both men had the legendary self-healing ability from ancient stories!

Mareen kept receiving shock after shock, and she wasn't sure if she was adapting fast enough. As she helped Henry heal, she reflected on the fact that these men had saved her not once but twice! What was more, they'd saved the whole village and asked for nothing in return other than a share of their bland traveling food.

Henry in particular seemed to fear the possibility of eating the sour plants in the forest and valued the caravan's food stores.

Then came the day the caravan discovered that Jeth and his father, Yelm, had stolen everything of value in the caravan... including Henry's blessed steel machete. At first Mareen had thought Henry would be fine; he just seemed to be angry. But after following him into the forest and seeing him cry, she'd had an epiphany.

She'd been taking Henry and Jason for granted. She'd just kept feeling amazed and drawn to them, but she hadn't once considered what she could do to repay their kindness or bravery. In fact, she couldn't deny anymore that she was interested romantically in Henry, but in a way, even that was selfish.

She'd just been taking from them. She wasn't really trying to understand them. Henry's pain was so deep it practically made the air tremble when he sobbed in the forest.

Mareen was humbled. Even though she was young, she hadn't actually felt immature or inexperienced around anyone else for years. Most of the people she lived with she'd known most of her life. Her grandfather had seen the world, but he was family, so she took his experience for granted. On the other hand, she didn't even know how to begin relating to Jason or Henry.

She finally understood where she fit in with her new adventure. Henry and Jason needed help-- they needed her. Despite their overwhelming strength and bravery, they were both surprisingly fragile. Mareen got the feeling she'd only begun scratching the surface of the scars on Henry's heart... and Jason was an idiot.

The questions Jason asked her were ridiculous. If Mareen had been transported to an alien world, she'd have been asking about shelter, food, how much water was present, what the local customs were, how to make money, and other practical matters. On the other hand, Jason kept asking questions about currency exchange rates, games, and "cat girls."

For some reason, he insisted on calling female feline Mo'hali "cat girls." He asked question after question about them, most of which Mareen didn't have answers for. She didn't know why, but Jason's ceaseless line of inquiry irritated her at times.

Why would men care if a woman had cat ears? What did it matter if they went into heat like cats or procreated like humans? She didn't understand why Jason seemed so interested Mo'hali women.

* * *

While the caravan continued plodding on to Mirana, Mareen had thought long and hard about the coming crossroads of her life. Like all the villagers, she felt deep shame for what Jeth and Yelm Fortright had done. They'd brought dishonor on the entire village, especially for stealing from people who'd saved their lives. Plus, the sheer value stolen from Henry made it worse.

At this point, she now knew that Henry had a tough exterior on top of a mass of emotional wounds and that Jason was smart but his attention was directed in all the wrong places. Both men superficially seemed powerful and dynamic, but in some ways, they were helpless. They were not adjusting to Ludus very well. Mareen knew what she had to do. She was going to take care of these two idiotic heroes and redeem the honor of the village in one fell swoop.

Unfortunately, she had to tell her grandfather about her decision. It was important that she properly inform him she was leaving, and she also needed her inheritance for her plan to work. For over a decade, George had been holding her father's memento in trust for her. It was finally time to claim it.

She'd found George by himself a few days before they got to Mirana and decided to go with the blunt approach. "Grandfather, I'm going to leave the village after the caravan is settled."

George was securing a bundle on one of the wagons with rope and didn't look up. He said, "Well, I can't exactly say I'm surprised. I've known this was coming for a long time. What are you planning to do?"

Mareen took a deep breath. She knew George wasn't going to like what she had to say. "I'm going to become an honor-bound indentured servant and gift the next ten years of my life to Henry and Jason."

"WHAT!?" George finally looked up from what he was doing, the unshed tears in his eyes completely forgotten as his emotions did a U-turn.

Mareen held up a forestalling hand. "Grandfather, wait to hear my explanation before you get upset."

"I'm listening." George stilled himself with an obvious effort of will.

Mareen's chin came up as she began explaining her logic. "Those two saved our entire village. They saved the two of us. I owe them twice for my life. On top of that, two of our own people betrayed us and stole from them. The price of that machete would be almost enough to buy a house in a city. The debt we owe them is enormous."

"That may be true, but becoming an indentured servant is too extreme." George frowned. "I told you before how indentured servants were part of Earth's history. The concept was abused and used as a way to keep slaves when slavery wasn't legal."

"Yes, Grandfather, and you and I both know it's used that way here too since slavery laws aren't really enforced in Tolstey. But this is something I will do voluntarily. Since I'm doing this for honor, nobody will be exchanging money. I won't be in debt. My tenure will be based on time, not money owed, and my employer will not be able to sell my contract."

George blew out his cheeks. "I really don't like this. I can't fault your logic, but I really, really don't like this. The truth is that I feel ashamed about how those boys were stolen from, but I don't like the idea of losing my granddaughter over it."

"Grandfather, you've known Henry and Jason for almost two weeks now. Do you really think they wouldn't let me visit you? Do you really think I'd be mistreated? In fact, I'm fairly sure I'll have to argue with them about this too. They might not even understand the concept. You said before that family ties and honor aren't as important on Earth."

"That's right, at least not in many countries." George looked at her out of the corner of his eye. "Just please tell me none of this is because of what is going on between you and Jason."

"What?" Mareen blinked. Had he just said what she thought he said?

George looked uncomfortable. "Well, I know you never courted before, but you and Jason have been spending a lot of time together lately, and I just--"

"Stop right there, Grandfather." Mareen snorted and rolled her eyes. "First of all, that doesn't even make any sense. Second, what is wrong with all the men I know? Are you blind? I am not interested in Jason!" She realized that she was raising her voice. She didn't mean to yell at George, but the turn the conversation had taken was ridiculous.

"But--"

"But nothing! I don't want to hear about this again. And I don't want to be cruel. You practically raised me and I love you dearly, but I'm a grown woman and this is my decision!"

It took George a while to reply. "Fine," he grumbled. "There is too much of your father in you. I still don't have to like it, though. Please settle an old man's heart and come visit me a week or two after we get to Mirana. I want to know that everything is okay. I knew you wouldn't stay with me forever, but I can't help worrying. I happen to love you, and you're my only family on this entire planet."

Mareen smiled gently at the old man, ignoring George's wet eyes and the unshed tears in her own. "It's a deal," she said.

* * *

The closer the caravan got to the city, the more nervous Mareen had felt. She'd been sure of herself when she first made her decision, but a few days of traveling had provided ample time for doubts to settle in. By the time they'd actually reached the city gates, she felt like a bundle of nerves on two legs.

The pit of her stomach dropped when she learned they no longer had enough to pay for a land lease, even reduced by fifty percent. It was terrible. But then Jason had given up the last serious weapon he and Henry owned and asked for nothing in return. Again.

The combination of Mareen's respect for the two strange men from Earth and her community's shame caused all of her doubts to vanish. She would follow through with her decision. If she didn't, she wouldn't be able to live with herself.

After the villagers started moving away from the city gate, she said goodbye to George with her eyes. She refused to cry. Everything that needed to be said had already been said. Then she told Henry and Jason to stay where she could find them. She tried to make it clear that she was serious. She'd never given orders to people before, and the sensation felt strange, but she needed to get used to it. If she was going to keep her new charges out of trouble, they needed to take her seriously.

She approached City Counselor Hirine after the men from Earth were gone and told her what she wanted to do. The equipment Mareen needed wasn't cheap, but it wasn't too expensive either. Her promise to pay the city back was satisfactory. If indentured servants didn't cover their bills, their employers would be liable too.

Hirine seemed surprised, but she agreed to get Mareen what she asked for and meet her at the City Planning Office as soon as possible.

Mareen wasn't familiar with the city of Mirana, but she was able to find the City Planning Office without too much trouble by following signs. She walked in and went straight to the Adventuring Affairs department, where the Adventuring Guild had a help desk.

The bored woman at the counter saw Mareen and didn't seem impressed. The woman wore the orange-and-brown outfit of an Adventuring Guild clerk, her only accessory a necklace of polished wooden beads. Her appearance was otherwise unremarkable, her hair pulled back into a severe bun. "What's your business?" she asked.

Mareen straightened her back. "I have come for a submission packet to form an adventuring company.

The clerk gave Mareen a level look. "You know you can't get the form without paying the fees for the city, the country, and the Adventuring Guild first, right? It's very expensive."

"I have special circumstances." Mareen smiled without humor and produced her inheritance. On the counter, she reverently placed a folded letter and an embossed coin--the portrait on one side was of her father.

With a puzzled expression, the clerk opened the letter and her eyes widened. "You're Thato Jacobs' daughter? Even I recognize that name! Ah, this makes sense now."

The clerk glanced at the coin. "All of this must be what, thirteen years old now?"

Mareen nodded. The old hurts still pained her, but her parents had been murdered over a decade ago. She said, "Yes. And as you can see, the Adventuring Guild area manager, Vala Hanel entrusted this to me for when I came of age. This is a one-time voucher for the creation of an adventuring company and membership of the Adventurer Inner Circle for life.

"I see that." The clerk said, "Sit down in the lobby for a few minutes while I do the paperwork. Now that I understand the situation, this is fairly straightforward."

"Thank you." Mareen did as the clerk directed. A few minutes later, the clerk walked out holding a fancy-looking parchment with official seals and a satchel. She placed the parchment in the satchel and said, "There are a few extra items in here that come with VIP adventuring company creations. I felt this would be an appropriate time to include them. Also, I don't think I have to tell you to keep the parchment hidden until you fill it out and turn it in, right? This packet is valuable."

"Yes, I understand."

"Good," the woman said. She seemed to relax, her official duties complete. "For what it's worth, I was a fan of your father's when I was a girl. I hope you do well and find a good team."

Mareen smiled. "I think I'm off to a good start."





Bread Heel

Jason and Henry sat outside a store near the Mirana city gates. Their benches were attached to the wall of a small meat-on-a-stick shop, and the savory smells kept wafting outside. Jason was finding it hard to concentrate on anything other than his grumbling stomach.

Jason knew Mareen was up to something, but he couldn't figure out what. He glanced over at Henry, who was eyeing the people entering and exiting the city gates. Jason figured his friend was looking at their clothing and weapons.

Jason tried to do some people watching himself, but he couldn't shake the feeling that something major was about to happen. He usually listened to his instincts, so he didn't just dismiss the feeling. He started looking around everywhere, attempting to spot any trouble before it could pose a threat. Unfortunately, he utterly failed.

A young boy, about twelve years old and thin as a rail, stepped timidly from a nearby alley and groveled. He pleaded, "Sirs, could you help me, sirs? My mom is hurt, and I don't know what to do!" He was near tears. Jason could see fresh bruises and cuts on the boy's face and arms. His clothes were almost rags.

Jason's first instinct was to be cautious, but Henry immediately asked, "Where is she?"

Damn Henry and his damn code of honor sometimes. Seriously.

Jason thought quickly and asked, "Why are you asking us? There are guards right over there." Jason pointed at the city gate. He wouldn't normally have been so suspicious and confrontational, but his weird premonition just wasn't going away.

The boy sniffled and crouched down a bit, looking both directions. "Sirs, please don't tell the guards. They caught me pickpocketin' a few times, and they'll take me, they will, sirs!"

Jason glanced at Henry and saw his friend's face softening. No, no, no, no, no, no! Henry had a soft spot for kids, sick mothers, and rough childhoods! The kid was using the perfect play to tug on Henry's heartstrings. Jason shook his head slightly and asked, "But why come to us? There are all sorts of people aroun--"

"Please, sirs! She needs help!" the boy begged.

Henry got up and started following the boy to an alley. He said over his shoulder, "Time may be important. I'm going, but you don't have to if you don't want to."

Jason squeezed his eyes closed tightly and sighed. Fuck! He sincerely hoped his gut was trying to warn him about something other than following this kid into an alley, but he didn't have any choice anymore. He had to follow his friend; Jason did not want to be on a dangerous alien world by himself.

They followed the boy through the alley and took several twists and turns, the shadows got larger and darker as they continued. The buildings also got dingier and more unkempt; the boy was obviously leading them into a seedy area of the city.

Henry, what the hell are you thinking?

Jason's uneasy feeling was as strong as ever when they rounded a corner and he suddenly felt something sharp pressed into his back. He noticed Henry stiffen at his side and figured his friend was being held at knifepoint too. Sometimes Jason really hated being right.

A man stepped out of a recessed doorway before them, clapping his hands while looking at the boy. The man was wearing a threadbare outfit cut similarly to a suit. His hat was old but well cared for. His deeply lined face spoke of a long, hard life, but his grey eyes were clear as he watched Jason and Henry. "Well done, Timmo! Well done indeed! Here is your reward."

The man held out a torn bread heel, and the boy greedily darted forward, snatching the food and tearing into it as he ran away. The man chuckled to himself, winking at Henry and Jason conspiratorially. "The young ones will work for so little! It's worth keeping a few pieces of bread on hand to see what interesting new people we can meet!

"By the way, each man behind you is a mage." The man smiled slyly, "If you happen to be mages and you try using magic, they will feel it and cut you down. We'd prefer not to kill you, but we can't let you get away either. We like to keep our little operation discreet. Do you understand?"

Jason glared at the man but he didn't say anything. In a show of good judgement, Henry stayed silent too. The man smiled and said, "Good, I'm glad we understand each other. You may call me Honorable Ben if you need my attention."

To Jason's right, Henry said, "You're despicable for hurting children like this."

"Hurting them?" Honorable Ben was aghast. "These little urchins wouldn't get any extra specks of food if it weren't for me. Sometimes I give them rags during the winter too. I am their savior!"

Henry spat and snarled, "What do you want with us?"

"Oh, that's simple," said the man. "Our boss asked us to collect all strange-looking or new-to-Ludus type people that came through the gates. We're looking for people who don't fit in, especially people wearing strange clothing like you." Honorable Ben looked behind them at the dagger holders. "Boys, put the hoods on them and bind their hands."

Jason's head was covered with what felt and smelled like a burlap sack. He seriously considered teleporting away. He knew he could use his magic at any time, but if he disappeared he would be leaving Henry behind. Jason was furious with his friend, but there was no way he would leave him behind like that. The hood robbed him of his senses, but he tried to stay calm.

Friggin' Henry and his friggin'... gah! Jason's internal grumbling was interrupted when his wrists were bound tightly behind him.

The next few minutes were spent stumbling through alleys while the thug behind him prodded him in the back with a blade. Jason concentrated on keeping his feet; he did not want to fall into anything he smelled in the alleys they walked through.

Eventually they were lead down some steps and through a building. Jason could barely see any light through his hood. They walked slowly for a time though the large building until Jason was shoved without warning. His shoulder hit a doorway as he fell to the ground, causing pain to erupt in his shoulder. Gosh, this is fun. Thank you again, Henry!

Behind him, Honorable Ben said, "Take their hoods off. Let's get a look at them. Check their pockets and that green bag they had too."

The two mage thugs weren't gentle as they went about their search. Before long, they found Jason's bronze dagger in the waistline of his pants. Honorable Ben chuckled as he studied the dagger. "This isn't too bad. Crude but functional. I think I will be keeping this." He tucked the knife away under his clothing. "Boys, now we just gotta wait for the boss to get back. We'll get our cut soon."

Honorable Ben pointed at the two on the floor. "Don't even think of trying to escape. If you do, you'll just get beat. Also, these two fine mages will be guarding your door. They will kill you before they let you escape. No funny business!"

One of the goons looked confused. "Honorable Ben, why don't you just ask them if they can use magic?" As he listened, Jason realized the "honorable" before Ben's name was the Luda version of "mister." It was a polite way of addressing someone in a position of authority. He made a few mental adjustments so the conversation would sound more natural to him.

Mr. Ben looked irritated. "Nead, if you were in their position, would you tell me that you could use magic?"

"Well, I guess not."

"Exactly. Get out here and guard the door. If you feel them using any magic, turn this rotted cell into an oven. Or do you have questions about that too?"

Nead dropped his head and replied sullenly, "No, Mr. Ben."

As the kidnappers were leaving the cell and closing the door, Jason shook his head. He couldn't believe Henry's paranoid bullshit had ended up being so useful. He knew Henry kept the blessed steel Swiss Army knife in a pouch tied around his ankle. The goons had missed it.

Jason stared at the wall and thought furiously. He couldn't believe that the magic practice Henry had insisted they do was going to be so useful so quickly.

During their nightly magic practices while they'd traveled with the caravan, they'd eventually realized that they could feel magic being used. Henry suggested they learn what they could about this phenomenon and insisted they practice hiding the use of their magic from each other at various distances. It took a lot of control and practice, but releasing magic slowly was a good way to avoid detection.

What's more, Henry's Magic Perception skill allowed him to sense Jason's magic much easier than Jason could sense his. They'd theorized that Henry's skill could allow him to tell if another person could use magic or not.

All of this meant Jason wasn't too worried about escaping. He knew Henry would probably be unbound any minute now. He just wasn't sure what they'd do as soon as they were free.

Sure enough, a short time later, he felt Henry cutting through the rope on his wrists with a blade he'd slowly extended from his arm. After he was free, Jason rubbed his wrists and glared at Henry.

To his credit, Henry looked embarrassed and shrugged his shoulders. "What can I say?" he whispered. "I should have listened."

"Damn right!" Jason whispered back. "Now what are we going to do about this situation?"

Suddenly, a soft, female voice from behind the wall to their cell asked, "How did you do that?"

Jason almost jumped out of his skin and covered his mouth to hold in a yelp. Henry didn't even look startled and just frowned intensely. Bastard. Jason clenched his teeth and glared in the direction the voice had come from. "Who are you?" he asked.

"I'm a captive too. My name is Uluula, an Areva!" the voice hissed. "I am sharing a cell with a Bezzi-ibbi, a Mo'hali boy. If you are going to escape, please help us too! We were both kidnapped a few days ago. I believe they are going to ship us to an underground slave market soon."

Jason moved closer and saw a bright, slanted blue eye peering at him from behind a crack in the wall. "Please help us," Uluula pleaded softly.

"Hold on a moment," whispered Jason. He moved back and glanced at Henry. His friend slightly shook his head in resignation. It looked like they had an unspoken understanding. How do these things keep happening to us? "Okay, what's the plan?"

Henry ran a hand over his face while he collected his thoughts. "You still can't teleport anyone else with you, right?"

Jason nodded and whispered back, "Correct."

Henry thought a moment longer and said, "I was going to tell you to just teleport yourself, especially since this is mostly my fault, but I know you won't do it even if I say you should. Since that is the case, I think we should wait until the boss gets here and try to find out what is going on."

Jason frowned. "Why? Why not just escape?"

Henry grinned, his eyes hard, and said, "Because my Enhanced Senses skill made my hearing so good I can faintly hear the fucking guards talking outside our door. They're complaining about how they wish the girl and the boy in the cell next to ours weren't virgins so they could rape them.

"Fun fact, life mages can easily figure out if a prisoner is a virgin or not. These piece of shit guards are not happy about it.

"Apparently their boss doesn't let them spoil merchandise, and virgins sell for more. They're also laughing as they remember beating a kid to death about a month ago."

Jason sighed--this was the goblin cave all over again. "They were specifically targeting newcomers to Ludus. Why?"

"I figured you caught that too," Henry whispered. "We're still flying blind. I want to find out what we can and then break free."

Jason swallowed, his stomach began to churn. "We might have to kill people, won't we?"

"Yes." Henry looked Jason right in the eye. "It's almost a certainty now. This is a hard world. I know this is a messed up situation, but we're not in Seattle anymore, dude. Can you do this?"

Jason paused before answering. He looked deep inside himself and didn't exactly like what he saw. Ludus was changing him, making him harder.

For him, practicing martial arts and sword fighting had always been about exercise or self-defense. Before the goblins and the demon wolves, there'd have been no way he would have seriously considered killing another person in cold blood. Things had changed.

He steeled himself and said, "I won't freeze. I'm not even mad at you anymore. This sort of thing was bound to happen sooner or later. This world sucks."

"Agreed, but at least we have our magic." Henry idly picked up a piece of straw from the floor and broke it in half. "Maybe we can even do some good and shut down these slaver pieces of shit."

Jason nodded. He wasn't a hero; Henry was. But if his friend kept dragging him into these dangerous situations, at least he knew it was for a good cause. The beautiful eye he'd seen through the wall and the fear in Uluula's voice haunted him.





Blame

As Jason waited in the dark wooden cell with Henry for his captors to return, he realized that they didn't have a plan. How in the world could they be captured, waiting for a fight, and not have a plan? Jason was a gamer, and Henry was a leader type. How could they both just be sitting in the dark, staring at the cell door? He knew that Henry had wanted to do the right thing, but as he thought about it, things just weren't adding up.

His normally pigheaded and ultra-focused friend was acting... off. And because Jason was generally willing to follow Henry's lead when things got stressful, he hadn't really noticed.

Jason thought carefully back to the last couple weeks and realized Henry's behavior had changed after he'd lost the machete. When Henry had returned from his time out in the woods, he'd acted like nothing happened. He'd never mentioned the machete again.

Jason could not believe he'd failed so badly. Of all the people in the world, Henry had been transported to this world with Jason, the son of a battered mother. Jason had spent years helping his mom put herself back together again. He knew what internalized guilt and a fragile strong front looked like. Hell, he knew what it felt like. He'd spent a week around Henry and hadn't even seen the signs when they were right in front of his face.

He was a fool. What was more, he was running out of time. He had no idea when their captors would return.

"Henry," he whispered, "we need to talk."

"Hmm?" Henry was staring at the door. "Don't you think we should be waiting for our good friend Ben to come back?"

Jason steeled his resolve. "No, man, I'm serious. We need to talk right now because we might not survive to see the end of the day. Right now, I don't think your odds are very good."

Henry slowly turned his head, his eyes dangerously narrowed. He said, "What?"

"Come on, man, don't play dumb. You've been acting off ever since the machete was stolen. You know that wasn't your fault, right?"

"Can we talk about this later? This is really not the time or place for a sensitive heart-to-heart."

"No." Jason steeled his spine. This had to be said. "No, man, I think we've been holding up pretty damn well so far all things considered, but let's cut the crap. We've known each other for a long time. You told me before that you dealt with PTSD after combat. You had a lot going on in your life before we even came here. What's more, I'm not mad at you anymore for getting us into this mess, but the more I think about it, I get mad at myself."

"What do you mean? You're not going gay on me are you?"

Jason's temper flared. He would not be easily deflected. He snarled, "Shut the fuck up. We are going to talk about this. Period. Look, you know about me and my mom. I want to try something out that used to work when I was younger. I'm going to just talk. After I'm done talking, you can let me know what you think."

Henry reluctantly nodded, and Jason spoke softly but forcefully. "I will admit it--I haven't enjoyed our little trip to Ludus. But I just realized I've been blindly following your lead when things got stressful, and I've been wrong because you're full of shit."

He saw Henry tense, but he plowed on, saying, "Don't get me wrong. You have much more experience with management and command than I do, but I just remembered that I actually have more knowledge about this sort of world than you.

"All of this makes you not asking for my advice about this world over the last week a bit strange. We didn't even have a plan for what to do when we got to the city!

"You've been a bad leader, and I've been a bad strategist. And I think it's a sign of PTSD. It's not going to get better unless we realize it's there.

"Let's face it, man--the fact we are even here is stupid. We have magic! If I could avoid getting mugged at night in Chicago for a couple weeks as a teenager, I should be able to avoid getting fucking kidnapped when I'm a mage as a grown-ass man!"

Jason was breathing hard, his hoarse whispers echoing with frustration. Henry stared at the door for a full minute, and Jason was wondering if he'd pushed too far.

It came as a surprise when Henry replied, "It's all my fault. Everything, all of it. You know, I was the only one taking care of my mom before we were transported to Ludus, but I just kept trying to work harder. I was getting sick from lack of sleep. I never really tried to include other family members because I thought they were weak. I thought they weren't doing enough for Mom. Now look what happened. Without me there, is anyone even visiting her?

"I fucked up, man. I fucked up big time.

"You know what Holly said when she left me? She said she stopped loving me because I don't give other people a chance and just assume the worst of them. Thing is what she did was wrong, but she was right about all my flaws.

"Listen Jason, I'm not stupid. I was in combat in Afghanistan and Iraq. I saw a kid ride a bike rigged with explosives into a checkpoint once. I've seen kids kill. I'm not naïve. I knew the setup we followed here was suspicious as hell, and I knew you were right to question that kid. I think... I was just hoping for a sign that everything wasn't shit. I was hoping that there was still some decency in the world, even this fucked up world.

"I don't think there is anymore." Henry looked away from Jason, not meeting his eyes. "I know that most of this is my fault. The fact I was trying to hold it all together just makes everything worse. Do you know what it's like to feel responsible for-- wait, never mind. You probably do know what it's like."

Jason and Henry sat in silence for a while. Jason refused to cry in front of his friend, and he had a feeling Henry felt the same way.

Henry finally said, "It might not have been realistic but I wanted you to avoid seeing stuff like you're probably about to see. You're one of the most legitimately nice people I've ever met. I don't want you to become like me. I have not had a solid night's sleep since I came back from Afghanistan. To this day I still get nightmares. I am fucking broken. Sometimes I think I did the EMT thing because at least that way I can help people and give the nightmares some variety."

Jason didn't know what to say. Henry had never been this open or talked about himself so much. He thought for a moment about how to respond but eventually just defaulted to the question that weighed most heavily on his mind. "Henry, do you want to die?"

In a low voice, Henry replied, "I don't know. This last week, I asked myself that a few times too. I have no wife, no home, no world, and I might have no mother anymore. I failed everyone. It's only because it might be my fault that you're here that..."

Jason's sucker punch landed beautifully. Henry was sprawled out and rose slowly while rubbing his cheek.

"You self-righteous son of a bitch," Jason growled. "Don't you dare. I may not be a veteran, I may not have fought in any wars, but I got my ass beat by my crackhead dad for years. I had to tackle that woman-beating piece of shit and testify in court before I was old enough to drive. I worked three jobs to put myself through school. It's not like I don't know how to put myself back together again. I am not weak enough to need a friend to take care of me. You want to play the blame game? Why haven't I been more assertive? Hmm?

"It is just as much my fault we are here as it is yours. You are not a martyr, and you are not allowed to die. You told me once that you believe suicide is the most cowardly thing a person could do. Walking through life like a zombie and passively letting some Podunk criminals on another planet kill you is close to the same damn thing.

"You want a reason to live? There are a bunch of people on this planet who need someone to help, someone to care. Don't live because I need help; live because shit-tons of people on this planet could use a Henry Sato to save them. Hell, there are two of them in the next cell."

Henry shook his head and said, "But I lost the machete--"

"Who gives a fuck!?" Jason snarled quietly. "We've only been here for like, what, sixteen, seventeen days? We have magic! If I can get a college education after missing school for half my childhood, after living in a women's shelter with my mom and working to help her pay bills, we can get another metal weapon."

Jason couldn't believe he'd been so blind. He'd let himself be passive. He slipped right back into the role he'd taken when he was a kid when the going got tough. Not anymore.

He suddenly knew what approach to take with Henry. It would be a low blow, and he silently apologized to his friend. He winced internally, but still said, "Listen Henry, you said before that some of your buddies were killed in combat. What do you think they'd say about you acting like this?"

Silence rang in the dirty jail cell, and Jason wondered if his friend was going to attack him. However, suddenly Henry just deflated. He sighed heavily and said, "They'd fuck me up."

"Yeah. So how about we stop saying we're going to rescue the other people here and actually do it?"

A single tear tracked down Henry's cheek. He didn't speak for a long time. Finally he said, "You're right. I think I needed a kick in the ass. Thanks... but if you do it again, I might hit you so hard you see backwards the rest of your life."

Jason said, "I'm only going to say this one more time: it's not your fault. Now enough of this. We need to make a plan."

Henry exhaled heavily, "Yeah, okay. So what's up?"

"So this listening through the door stuff, can you hear farther away? Like, how soon will you know our hosts are coming back?"

Henry said, "I can only use one of my senses at a time, and I usually need to be thinking about it. When I heard the demon wolves, I was actually trying to listen for moving water."

"I see. So can you not hear the guards outside when we're talking?"

"I can if I focus really hard, but it's weird, and I think it would give me a headache if I did it for very long."

"Okay," Jason whispered. "You didn't really answer my question, though. Can you hear them coming?"

Henry frowned and answered, "I think I can. I won't be able to talk while I try, though. Any normal noises like your whispering would be way too distracting."

"Okay, can you let me borrow the Swiss Army knife?"

Henry hesitated and said, "I don't think so. Every time I use metal magic, I can sense the metal items on my body. Without the machete or the knife, I think I could still do my forearms thing, but it'd take way more juice, like, maybe all of it."

"I see. Well, can you make me a stone spike without alerting the guards?"

"Yeah, that's easy."

"Okay, work on that, and I'll tell you my plan." Jason's eyes were resolute. "I'll do all the talking when the time comes for it too. Let's get done ASAP so you can listen for people coming and we won't be surprised."

Henry nodded and got to work.

* * *

Henry let Jason know a group of people was approaching in plenty of time to prepare. Both men put their hands behind their backs as if they were still restrained and stood near the back wall. Eventually the door opened and Mr. Ben walked into the room with the guards. Other men were in the hallway now too. Jason saw two of them, both wearing leather armor and carrying bronze-tipped short spears.

Mr. Ben grinned and said, "I bet you had a fun time trying to get your ropes off. We cover them in pitch. I've seen prisoners lose the tips of their fingers trying to free each other. It's quite funny."

Jason evenly asked, "Where is your boss?"

"You're that eager to meet him, huh? You shouldn't be--he's not nice like me. However, I did tell him about you two, and he's very interested. I don't know a lot about Dolos mythology, but my employer puts great importance in some of the stories." Mr. Ben's eyes glittered. "Especially the fact that you don't look like you're from around here, you speak perfect Luda with a weird accent. One could even think you were from somewhere else entirely, perhaps even another world."

Mr. Ben sighed. "I think the boss is quite upset that we have not been able to find any new orbs for a while, but this is the first time we've captured orb-Bonded. The boss asked me to move you to another, more secure location. I think he intends to... convince you to work for him." Mr. Ben's grin was nasty.

"I've haven't met an orb-Bonded myself, but I've never believed all the stories of what Bonded can do. I mean, we captured you easily enough, didn't we? Still, now that I know what you are, I definitely feel better having some mages backing me up." It was obvious that Mr. Ben was enjoying his position of power.

Jason calmly assessed the situation. The long stone spike that Henry had made from a chunk of the floor felt heavy in his hand. He doubted the rest of the building had stone flooring, but the large flagstones in the cells were obviously to keep prisoners from escaping. Unfortunately for Mr. Ben, Henry and Jason were not normal prisoners.

Jason delicately, slowly sped up his perception of time. He didn't think they would learn anymore by talking; it seemed Mr. Ben just wanted to gloat. It was almost time to make his move. In slow motion, he watched Mr. Ben make his way further into the cell. Jason tensed. The next portion of the plan would be up to him.

Henry needed a couple seconds to manifest his arm armor and blades. He'd be vulnerable during that time in an enclosed space. Jason had to make the first strike and keep the guards occupied until his friend could become a human wrecking ball.

Jason knew what he was about to do would change him forever. He'd killed a lot of monsters but never another person. Plus, in all his other fights, he'd more or less been fighting to save his life in the heat of the moment. What he was about to do was entirely different.

Jason hadn't told Henry what really had him worried about the coming fight. Jason was flattered that Henry thought he was a nice person. It was probably because despite all his grumpiness and blustering, Henry saw the good in everyone.

Jason knew he was not a good person. He knew some of the things he would have done in his past if he'd had the power to do so. The fact that he actually did have real power to hurt people now scared the hell out of him.

He knew he had darkness, true darkness, within him... and he was about to let it loose. Unlike Henry, who probably just wanted to save the other prisoners and escape or exterminate vile people, Jason was different. Deep down, he couldn't deny his anger that people had made a victim of him again. These people had made him feel weak.

He wanted to make them pay. He wanted them to fear. He wanted them to know who had killed them and despair in their hearts as they faded away to nothing.

His whole life, Jason had suppressed the darkness within himself. Who he was as a person was what he did in life, not what he fantasized about, especially as an angry teen. He wanted to be a good person. He wanted better people than him, people like Henry, to see him that way. But in his current situation, the normal him would not be enough. He had to release what slumbered deep inside himself.

Jason took a deep breath and forced himself to commit. In that moment, the old Jason died.





Unleashed

Jason ruthlessly squashed his inhibitions and teleported behind Mr. Ben. He tried to shut his emotions off as he whipped his long arm forward and drove the stone spike into the man's back. He aimed where Henry had shown him to earlier, angling the weapon's sharp point up to reach the heart. Mr. Ben stiffened as the guards all stared, blinking in total shock.

Jason reached into Ben's clothes where he'd seen the man put the stolen bronze knife and retrieved it. Then he calmly drew it across Ben's throat. His cut was so deep he almost hit the man's spine, and a fine spray of arterial blood splattered across the fire mage guards. Before anyone could react, Jason savagely pulled the stone spike out of Ben's back and teleported again.

Every movement Jason made was methodical, his magic giving him inhuman precision. He'd already killed Mr. Ben and the first fire mage guard by the time the rest of the criminals even processed they were under attack.

The second fire mage guard managed to get his hand in front of his throat, but he couldn't block the stone spike Jason slammed into his back. Luckily for the mage, Jason's aim was off. The guard snarled as he tried to twist and counterattack. In slow motion, Jason saw the man aiming his palm at Jason's face. He chopped the hand away just in time. Instead of setting Jason ablaze, the man released a fireball that hit one of the spear-wielding guards before setting the hallway wall on fire.

Jason absentmindedly remembered the man's name was Nead as he savagely, fluidly stabbed him twice more in the back with the stone spike and the bronze knife. There were two more guards alive, but one was on fire. He remembered this building was rather large, so with the noise and the fire, they could probably expect more guards soon. He glanced into the cell and verified Henry had completed his transformation; it was time to get out of his friend's way.

He teleported into Uluula and Bezzi-ibbi's cell, saw them clearly for the first time, and was shocked right through his killer's calm. Uluula was beautiful in an ethereal, alien way. Jason thought she looked like she was in her early twenties. Her high cheekbones and upward-slanting eyes with no epicanthic folds made her subtly, undeniably inhuman. Her pointed ears peeked out of shoulder length white hair. Her sapphire eyes were worried, and her full lips pursed in uncertainty. None of her uncertainty detracted from her beauty.

Uluula's clothes were very different from anything Jason had seen worn on Ludus. She was wearing what looked like a jumpsuit made out of synthetic materials. Jason thought it looked like a sci-fi bodysuit. Maybe it was a sci-fi bodysuit. Either way, it fit her short, petite body very well. She was tiny, one of the shortest women he'd ever seen.

Jason shook his head. I don't have time for this. He switched his perception of time back to normal--staring at Uluula in slow motion was not helping him stay focused. He glanced at the Mo'hali boy and got his second surprise.

The kid was squatting down, smiling, his large, feline ears perked forward and his sharp front teeth visible. Jason judged Bezzi-ibbi to be about eleven years old. He didn't look scared at all. His eyes shined in the dim room, and Jason could barely see dark spots on the outside of his face. He was dressed in what looked like a formal suit, one than had been torn and dirtied almost beyond recognition.

It was Jason's first time seeing a Mo'hali person. He's feline but not quite a cat boy. There was something feral about Bezzi-ibbi. Feral and predatory. He'd been wondering if he'd see cat people on Ludus, but he had a feeling any women related to Bezzi-ibbi wouldn't be like the cat girls of his imagination.

Uluula gasped when she noticed the blood-splattered Jason appear out of nowhere. Bezzi-ibbi, on the other hand, clapped his hands in glee and hissed in excitement.

Jason gruffly said, "Uluula, Bezzi-ibbi, get ready to leave." His speech was punctuated by a crash and a scream from the hallway outside. Jason winced and resisted the urge to check on Henry. Part of the plan was that Henry would hold the hallway while Jason assessed the situation in the cell. "Are you restrained in any way?"

"No," Uluula said and shook her head. "I can only use a bit of wind magic, and I'm not sure about Bezzi-ibbi. He doesn't talk much. We were apparently not difficult to control." Her eyes tightened in frustration. "Give me a bow or a gabeda, a jaalba, or better yet, a tylen, and I'd show these..." her voice trailed off, and she looked away. Jason swallowed and tried not to stare. He didn't understand all the words she was saying, presumably they were in a different language, but her accent and attitude were very attractive.

He shook his head again to clear it and stammered, "Okay, Bezzi, Lula, the door is going to come down at any moment. Stand clear of it, please. We are breaking out of here."

"Excuse me? You should immediately--"

"Just be ready," Jason coughed. He was twenty-seven years old and in the middle of a fight. He had literally just killed people. How was this woman distracting him so much? He deliberately settled into the ruthless frame of mind he'd had earlier and teleported back to the hallway.

Henry was standing over a total of five corpses, his HEMA gambeson and sweats covered in gore and his arm blades slowly dripping blood. Jason wondered if he looked as horrible as his friend and concluded he probably did. Jason said, "They're not restrained. We just need to get the door open."

"Roger," Henry said. He stepped up to the door and sliced right through the thick wood with a demonstration of incredible power. He made one more cut then kicked the whole door down. Jason figured it would have been easier to just find the key on one of the corpses but shrugged. Whatever. Style choices.

Bezzi-ibbi squealed in joy and scampered out of the cell, examining Henry's blades closely. Henry tried to shoo him away, but the boy either didn't understand or didn't care. He stuck to Henry's side like glue. Strangely enough, the Mo'hali kid seemed to calm quickly, and his ears flicked forward, his eyes scanning the hallway.

Uluula paled and swallowed as she saw the carnage in the hallway but didn't shy away. The woman had backbone. Jason coughed again and looked away. He said, "Please don't speak unless you have to. We will have to find the exit, and Henry is listening to let us know if reinforcements are coming." Uluula nodded.

Jason quickly stooped down and rifled through the clothing of the dead men on the floor. He took all the small, metal items or anything else that looked valuable and stashed them in a sack made from torn clothing. He passed this to Henry, who tied it to an equally rough-looking sling fashioned from a dead man's leather armor. Looting had been Henry's idea, and as long as they were quick, Jason didn't see any reason to object. If they lived through this, they would still need to eat, after all.

He had to admit it felt satisfying to get back their stolen money pouch too.

Jason replaced his stone spike with a bronze dagger, this one almost long enough to be a short sword. He handed a dagger to Uluula and one to Henry, along with both short spears. Bezzi-ibbi reached for a spear, but Henry slapped his hand away and growled. The kid seemed to get the point, albeit with some sulking.

Henry suddenly held up a hand. "More are coming from this direction," he pointed down the hallway.

"Okay, it's time to move anyway. The fire is spreading. Let's go this way." Jason began moving down the hallway in the opposite direction of the approaching reinforcements. They needed to find an exit or an outside wall. Then maybe Henry could do his smashing thing again.

They traveled quickly, but suddenly Henry shouted, "There's more..." The warning was too late. Four people had been lying in wait down a side hallway and attacked.

With blinding speed, Henry threw one of the short, bronze-headed spears clear through the first guard. Jason didn't hesitate either; he teleported next to another guard, whipping one knife forward in a golden blur. The startled guard blocked with his spear, barely stopping the attack. Jason slammed his other knife into the man's lightly protected side. He teleported again as soon as he'd pulled his blade out, absentmindedly noticing how short-range teleporting used up surprisingly little magic.

The last two guards didn't have much of a chance either. Jason appeared above one and ruthlessly stabbed both knives into the guard's neck as he came crashing down. After pulling his knives free, he teleported behind the last guard. The guard reacted quickly... but not quickly enough. The guard fell, and Jason breathed heavily, baring his teeth. He'd kill them. He'd kill them all!

He eventually noticed the resounding silence. He glanced up to see Henry staring at him with a strange expression. "Are you okay, dude?" his friend asked.

"Yeah, I'm fine." Jason reined in his bloodlust with an effort of will and breathed deeply to calm himself. That was when he noticed that two of the guards had been women. One was dead by his hand. He was a woman-killer now too. Well, he'd made his choice. There was no use second-guessing it now. He wanted to live, and he wanted to save these people. He would live with the consequences later.

Bezzi-ibbi, the Mo'hali boy, began to rummage through the dead guards' belongings, but Henry pulled him back. "No, we don't have time for that anymore. Let's get moving." Bezzi-ibbi growled at him but hopped back to his side and was soon slightly smiling again.

Weird kid, thought Jason. Shouldn't he be terrified?

The building was huge. Jason thought it was a warehouse converted into some sort of criminal hideout. They quickly realized they were in the middle of the building. Jason was glad that Henry hadn't started noisily tearing down walls. The group hurried down a new hallway when Henry warned them there were more guards coming. This time groups were coming from both directions. They had nowhere to go.

Henry and Jason each faced opposite ends of the hallway, Uluula and Bezzi-ibbi between them. They didn't have long to wait before the guards ran into view. Jason noticed most of them were female in a detached way. Strange. He saw one of the leading guards from his side of the hallway raise her hand. Jason was about to attack when his entire group was bowled over by a powerful gust of wind. "Mage," he snarled.

As he was getting back to his feet, he saw the guards start thundering towards them again. He seriously wondered what his odds of survival were. There were six guards on his side of the hallway, including at least one mage. Jason still had no idea how to get out of the building or how many more guards would show up. Things were looking grim.

Suddenly, a huge explosion knocked everyone off their feet, including the guards. It felt like a huge hand was shaking the building. Another explosion went off after that, then another. Smoke shot down the hallway, and Jason couldn't see anything. He blindly reached out and caught someone's hand, pulling them with him as he moved towards a doorway he'd seen earlier. He managed to get the door open, more explosions and screams echoing in the hallway behind him.

Jason fell to his hands and knees, coughing. Through the thick smoke and blurry vision, he saw trap door in the floor. A cellar! He opened the hatch and tumbled down the angled ladder, pulling the person he was leading with him and landing in a heap. The smoke from the building above followed. Jason couldn't stop coughing; he couldn't see where the hatch was anymore either. He had to get away from the smoke, but that meant he had to cut off the source. He groped up the ladder and managed to close the trap door, but the room was a death trap. He knew that they were in great danger--even if the smoke didn't kill them, falling debris could.

He got low and walked forward slowly, blinking his stinging eyes and coughing as he tried to breathe, his efforts just making him cough more. His plan was to walk until he found a wall and then get as low as possible. It wasn't a good plan, but it was the best he could come up with in the moment. He knew he could teleport himself away, but he wouldn't do that unless he absolutely had to. He wasn't a hero like Henry, but even the new, murderous version of himself wouldn't leave someone behind. He knew he wasn't a good man, but he'd never stoop that low.

He kept walking, towing the other person behind him. He realized he wasn't finding a wall. What was more, they weren't walking on hard-packed earth anymore. The smoke was dissipating, and it was starting to smell like something other than smoke. In fact, it was starting to smell... bad.

He realized he was in a sewer.

He glanced behind him and saw he was holding Uluula's hand, her face covered in snot and tears, her hair in wild disarray. How the hell could she be so sexy even now? It just wasn't fair. Jason needed a clear head, but every time he looked at the Areva woman, his brain went stupid. He turned around and doggedly looked straight ahead, pulling the coughing Uluula with him.

Jason kept walking, looking for a way out of the sewer. It seemed to take ages until he found a ladder leading up. He ascended a ladder and pushed off the access cover, finding himself in an alley. He reached down and helped Uluula up before walking to the nearest door. He didn't know where he was, and he smelled horrible, but he was so tired he didn't care. The first door was locked. He stumbled into a deep entryway in front of a second doorway, but it was locked too. In the covered area in front of the door, there was a little pot, some bedding, and a few other cooking items, leading Jason to believe someone had been living there.

He mentally shrugged. If someone was still living there, they would get over it. He sat down in the shade, and Uluula sat with him. He leaned back against the wall and almost immediately passed out with Uluula asleep on his shoulder, both of them snoring loudly.

* * *

Daymin liked his life. He had no rules, nobody to please, and he enjoyed where he lived. He preferred the relative solitude. Where he slept was fairly safe too, and nobody usually bothered him. He wasn't used to anyone coming anywhere near his little home, so he was shocked when he saw the two filthy people sleeping against the wall on top of his bed. How dare they! Then he caught a whiff of them and felt even more indignant. He was homeless, but he took pride in himself. These people were just nasty.

Daymin ambled off to find one of the Guard. He'd teach these folks to trespass in an honest man's house, he would! Plus, it looked like the stinky people were covered in blood, and ol' Daymin wanted nothing to do with that. No, not at all! Daymin whistled as he wandered around, looking for Mirana authority. Like most other problems in his life, this one would be over soon, and he'd have his solitude back.





Mirana Guard

Mareen stomped her foot in agitation. She should have known that those two would run off!

She was standing near the Mirana city south gates, where she'd told the two men from Earth to wait for her. They weren't there. When she'd first arrived, she'd looked around and walked into nearby shops, but she couldn't find them. Eventually she'd asked around and managed to find an old woman who'd seen them walk off with a street kid down an alley.

They followed a street kid... down an alley. Mareen's brain hurt. How stupid could they be? She was a farm girl, and she knew better than that! Then again, these were the same idiots who'd attacked a cave full of goblins while armed with nothing more than sharpened sticks.

Mareen hefted her satchel and felt the lumps of what was inside through the leather. The lumps were probably what she'd gotten at the Adventuring Guild, but what she'd asked City Counselor Hirine for was in there too.

She needed to find Henry and Jason. She wasn't doing her self-appointed job watching over them very well if they were running off with street kids; she needed to make sure they were safe. She also needed to follow through with her indentured-servant plan before she started losing her nerve again.

She shook her head, hair whipping back and forth. No, she would definitely follow through. The honor of her family and her village depended on it. Not only that, a small voice deep inside whispered that if she went back to being a farmer, if she turned away from the new path she was following, she'd regret it forever.

First thing was first: she needed to find Henry and Jason. Luckily, she was not dumb enough to walk into some random alley after them and hope for the best. Based on her limited knowledge of the city, they might have been heading in the direction of the poor quarters or the industrial area of the city via alleyway. Mareen began walking that direction, taking the main roads, dodging the occasional zebra droppings in the street, and trying to blend in with other people despite her plain, rough dress.

As she walked, she decided to see what else the Guild clerk had put in the satchel. She rummaged around for a moment and eventually exclaimed, "Oooh!" The clerk had been generous indeed.

The first item was a cork-stoppered glass bottle full of red liquid; it glowed slightly even in the afternoon light. Mareen immediately recognized it as a healing potion. Healing potions were rare. The second item was a small red stone that glittered in the sun and felt warm--a fire-nature magic stone. Mareen was excited. This type of stone was what powered all the technology on Ludus. Not only was it valuable, it was useful. Since it was a fire magic stone, if she activated it, she could use it to start fires.

The last item in the satchel was unfamiliar to Mareen. It looked like a cylinder made of... horn or something. It had a little glass window on the bigger end, and it had a small glass eye inside. She thought it might be a magic torch, but she wasn't sure and decided to stop messing with it. The small glowing light on the back made her nervous.

After a while, she started to get tired. She'd been walking almost nonstop from the time she'd woken up. She also realized her odds of finding Henry and Jason while just wandering around the city were not very good, but she didn't know what else to do. She'd already decided to bet her entire future on the belief that those two would accomplish great things and that she'd be able to help them along the way. Perhaps even do something great herself.

Mareen was growing increasingly frustrated. If she'd had time to give Henry the ring she'd gotten from City Counselor Hirine to seal her servitude, she'd be able to sense where he was. Well, it could work that way in the future if Henry allowed it.

She stopped thinking about the difficult conversation she needed to have with Henry because it was just giving her anxiety. The fact she kept catching whiffs of interesting smells and seeing pretty things at merchant stalls but couldn't stop wasn't helping her mood.

Deep down, she was worried that the two men might be in trouble.

Mareen stopped to take a break in a city square just outside of the market district. There was a small but pretty park in the middle of the square where she took a seat on a bench. Her feet hurt. She was also becoming increasingly worried and foul-tempered. The general direction she suspected Henry went didn't have a direct approach from the gate, so she had to take the long way around the city.

Now she couldn't go any farther without committing to a smaller district. She didn't know whether to head to the poor quarters or the warehouse and business area.

What do I do? What do I do? All of her determination would be for nothing if those two idiots went and got themselves killed. She couldn't help them form an adventuring company if they were dead!

Mareen really didn't want to cry. She hated when people fell to pieces over problems, but she could feel unshed tears in her eyes as her frustration grew.

Get it together, farm girl! She clapped her hands to her cheeks and took a deep breath. I can do this. I just need to be patient. Knowing those two, I'll see some sign of them before too long and..."

A large explosion shook the ground slightly. Mareen saw debris and smoke shoot into the sky from deep inside the warehouse district. People in the square were staring, and a few children pointed excitedly. Then a second large explosion followed the first. A number of women screamed, shooing children into buildings.

Mareen just stared in the direction of the commotion. Finally she blinked and said, "You have got to be kidding me. There's no way... right?" She called after the fleeing people, "Right?" They ignored her.

Mareen studied the rising smoke and sighed. She adjusted her satchel's strap and began walking in the direction of the warehouse district, slowly shaking her head in resignation. She wasn't a gambling girl, but if anyone in this city was blowing stuff up, she'd have bet money Henry and Jason were somehow involved.

* * *

Henry couldn't see a thing. The smoke was so thick it almost physically weighed on him. He could barely breathe. He stumbled around, tears streaming down his face as he tried desperately to find breathable air; it thinned towards the floor, but the smoke there was still acrid and foul. He had no idea where anyone was. He stumbled into someone in the hallway, and after taking a second to verify it wasn't Jason or one of the prisoners, he quickly stabbed the person with a wrist blade and bodily threw them down the hallway behind him.

Fighting fair was for chumps. Then again, fighting at all was probably futile at this point since they were all going to die anyway. Henry knew he was probably only still lucid due to his Endurance skill. He still thought it was silly to think of his skills as "skills," but he wasn't creative enough to come up with a different name. Maybe he should call it an ability or "kick-ass magical parasite endurance". Would that be lame?

But they were more like powers than skills or abilities. Should he call them powers? Henry realized his thoughts weren't making a lot of sense and he was probably not getting enough air. There was nothing he could do, though. If he'd been a normal person, he probably wouldn't even be conscious anymore.

Without warning, Henry felt a small hand slip into his and start pulling him forward. He quickly let his arm guards disappear. He didn't want to accidentally cut the person leading him to ribbons. He chuckled. It wasn't actually funny, but thinking so just made him laugh harder. Laughing in the first place was a bad idea. His laughter lead to coughing so violent he would have thrown up if there had been anything in his stomach.

Time had no meaning in the smoke. Henry couldn't see anything. His world revolved around holding the small hand and moving forward. After what seemed like an eternity, Henry burst out of the burning building and tasted blessed, wonderful air!

He tried filling his lungs, but that just set off another coughing fit. He doubled over and felt the small hand patting his back. He eventually got himself under control and wiped his eyes, straightening up. He saw his savior, Bezzi-ibbi, grinning at him with his eyes.

In the afternoon light, Henry could see that Bezzi-ibbi truly looked like a leopard boy or maybe a jaguar. He had spots around the sides of his face and small ones on his cheeks. He also had small whiskers above his upper lip, and his nose turned up slightly in a feline way.

Bezzi-ibbi nodded at Henry and growled, "Family." Henry stared back at Bezzi-ibbi for a few seconds before glanced around, trying to get his bearings. His life had been awfully strange for the last few weeks, but dealing with Bezzi-ibbi was even odder than usual. The kid reminded him of the wild child in The Road Warrior but with the addition of fangs and cat ears... and wearing a dirty suit.

Surreal.

Henry saw he was on a wide street with large buildings all around, probably other warehouses. In the distance, he noticed a wide gate with wagons moving in and out. He could feel the heat of the fire behind him, and a large crowd of onlookers had gathered to watch the warehouse burn.

Not good, he thought. Henry was painfully aware of the fact he was new in town--heck, new to this world--and he'd just killed some people in a burning building. It probably wasn't the best situation to be in. It wouldn't require a game of Clue to know that Henry Sato, the blood-covered man with a goatee who'd just stumbled out of the burning fucking building, was somehow involved. He quickly grabbed Bezzi-ibbi's hand and began walking away when a voice rang out, "You there, stop!"

Henry kept his head forward and didn't turn around. He needed to get away. But before he could take a dozen more steps, horse hooves rang out on the flagstone road, and he was stopped by a man in a red uniform. Behind him, a group of similarly uniformed people wielding spears surrounded Henry.

The man on the horse hollered, "In the name of the Mirana Guard, what is going on here!?"

Henry tried to stall, "Uh... what is your name?"

The man blinked in confusion. Henry noticed he was younger than he'd first thought, probably in his early twenties or late teens. He could even be as young as sixteen. Henry was going to guess he was about nineteen-ish, so several years into adulthood by Ludus standards, same as Mareen.

The man drew himself up proudly and said, "My name is Timothy Boone of the main branch Boone family. I am a lieutenant of the Guard, and I will have answers!" Boone's otherwise handsome face was scrunched in anger under his dark hair. "Who set this fire? What were the explosions?"

Henry scratched his head and said, "I didn't see anything. I guess I'll be going now." He took a step before realizing how lame that probably sounded. He was covered in char and blood, had just come out of the burning building, and was leading around a little animal boy in a fucked-up looking suit. Uh oh... The Guard members around him levelled their spears.

Without warning, Bezzi-ibbi jumped in front of Henry, bearing his fangs and making a sound like tearing cloth. He crouched down, retractable claws springing from his fingers. The strange, smiling little boy from before was gone, and in his place stood primal ferocity on two legs with lots of sharp pointy bits aimed at the city guards.

The man on the horse, Boone, blinked and opened his mouth to speak, but before he could say anything more, another Guard officer on a horse rode up. "What the hell is going on here?" she asked.

The new guard sat her horse with casual skill. Her hat sat on her head at a rakish angle and somehow didn't fall off. Henry started as he realized she was the same race as Uluula, an Areva, but with some obvious differences. Where Uluula was fair, this woman was dark. She kind of looked like... well, an Arab elf.

Henry thought she was fairly attractive, even in her uniform, but her eyes were out of place in her relatively youthful face. He would have thought she was in her early thirties if not for the eyes. They were framed with slight crow's feet and regarded the world with the type of curious boredom that Henry associated with elderly people.

When Henry didn't say anything and the guards just stared back at her, the woman sighed and dismounted. She cautiously approached Bezzi-ibbi, who didn't move but growled deep in his throat. She studied him a moment, and her eyes widened. "Bezzi-ibbi?" she asked. Then she fired off a question in a hissing, yowling language. Bezzi-ibbi answered in the same language. The woman replied, and Bezzi-ibbi relaxed, coming back to stand by Henry.

Henry breathed a sigh of relief.

The woman turned to the lieutenant on the horse and asked, "Did you ask them their names or ask who they were?"

Lieutenant Boone opened and closed his mouth a few times. "Well, no... did you just say that little boy is the missing Bezzi-ibbi, Captain? But he's been gone for a week!"

The woman said, "I just confirmed it. He matches the description, and he said he's Jaguar Clan too. People don't lie about that."

"But Captain Haili, what about the man? He's covered in blood! We should arrest him!"

"Bezzi-ibbi said this man saved him and is part of his Family." The Areva woman snorted. I'm not in a hurry to piss of the Jaguar Clan more than they already are, are you?" She hopped back up onto her horse and hollered, "Guard, stand down! One of you... you, Private Tilsen! Go tell the Jaguar Clan to send a carriage. We've found Bezzi-ibbi!"

Then Captain Haili shouted, "Get the fucking water mages over here! We need to contain this fire! You, you, and you," she pointed to three uniformed guards and said, "go get buckets, have the mages fill them, and water down the surrounding buildings. Move!"

Then she pointed at Henry. "I plan to visit to the Jaguar Clan house later, either tonight or tomorrow, to debrief you. Don't go running away on me." After that she rode off, probably to yell at someone else. Lieutenant Boon watched her leave, glanced at Henry, then sighed in resignation before following his superior officer.

Henry sat down on a nearby curb. His adrenaline was fading, and he was suddenly very tired. He knew that physically he could probably keep going due to his unnatural endurance, but he was mentally exhausted. His fatigue was less from the fighting and more from being scared shitless in the smoke and from the talk Jason had insisted on in their jail cell. Henry had to deal with some of his issues; he couldn't pretend otherwise anymore.

"I really hope Jason is still alive," he sighed. He gestured one of the nearby guards over and told her his friend was missing. On a hunch, he said it was Jaguar Clan business. The young woman took out a pad of paper with a businesslike manner and asked him to describe Jason in detail. Henry described Jason, including Uluula for good measure, while the guard took notes. When she was done, the guard took off at a run to pass on the information.

Wow, they really take their jobs seriously. Henry was actually impressed. He slowly scanned the scene in front of him, taking in the chaos. Bezzi-ibbi gave him a fanged smile and patted him on the back. "Family! Jaguar Clan!" he said.

Henry looked up at the clouds. The sky seemed familiar, but he was definitely not on Earth anymore. He wondered how much more weird shit he'd encounter in the next few hours. Probably a lot, he thought. He really, really hoped Jason was still alive. Henry didn't want to be stuck in this weird, fucked-up world by himself.





The Jaguar Clan

Henry and Mareen sat on opposite sides of the carriage as it trundled out of the Mirana commercial district. Bezzi-ibbi sat next to Henry and openly stared at Mareen as she fidgeted and peered out the window.

Until about fifteen minutes earlier, Henry had still been in front of the burning warehouse, loitering with nothing to do after giving a guard his statement. He'd watched as a few Guard mages arrived and began poking around the area. He'd sensed them use small amounts of magic in bursts as they investigated. He was curious what they were doing but not enough to actually ask them about it. Not long after that, the carriage from the Jaguar Clan had arrived.

After he'd gotten into the carriage with Bezzi-ibbi and travelled a short way, he'd seen Mareen walking on the side of the road. He'd banged on the roof for the driver to stop and gotten Mareen's attention by waving. He knew she had probably been looking for him and Jason.

Mareen had only been in the carriage with him for a couple minutes, but she hadn't really spoken yet. Henry thought she was probably worried about Jason, just like he was.

Henry didn't know if Jason had made it out alive. With his teleporting abilities, it shouldn't have been a problem to escape, but Henry could easily have seeen his honorable friend staying behind to help someone else. He wanted to avoid thinking about all the things that could have gone wrong. He didn't want to tell Mareen what had happened yet either. He figured she'd probably be extremely worried about Jason. Based on how quiet she was being, she probably already knew something was wrong.

Jason better have made it out, he thought.

Henry felt awkward alone in the carriage with Mareen. He didn't want her to fall to pieces over Jason being missing; Henry wasn't very good at dealing with crying women. He was also confused about Mareen's body language. He thought she looked upset, maybe even angry. Was she grossed out that he was covered in blood and dirt? Maybe she was disgusted he was so dirty or wondering where Jason was.

Henry had never been very good at comforting anyone. Was she going to cry? If she cried, she'd probably hide her face, which would be a shame. He thought her dark, sparkling eyes were one of her prettiest features... He shook his head and looked out the window. That line of thought was dangerous.

Now that he thought about it, why hadn't she asked about Jason yet? Not that he was complaining, but the ongoing silence was making him jumpy.

Without warning, Mareen blurted, "I have something for you." Henry was nearly startled out of his skin, but he gave little outward sign of it. He couldn't keep himself from blinking rapidly as he tried to digest the question, though.

"You have something to give me?" he stammered. Henry had absolutely no idea what she was talking about. Then he remembered she'd had to run an errand or something earlier. That's right, we weren't supposed to move until she got back. He felt a little sheepish.

"Yes," she said, nodding. She took a couple items out of her satchel, causing Henry to notice it for the first time. Get it together, man. Stop staring at her eyes, and definitely do not look at her tits. Pay attention to your surroundings. She's with Jason anyway. In Mareen's hand, she held a ring and a necklace, more like a choker. Both looked like they were made of grey plastic.

As Henry watched, Mareen attached the necklace around her neck. It looked like a close fit. Then she handed the ring to Henry. "This is for you."

Henry examined the ring in his hand. It was smooth and lighter than he'd thought it would be. It was also really thin. It looked too small for any of his fingers, but without thinking, he tried slipping it onto to his pinky. The material of the ring expanded to create a tight fit.

Suddenly a flash of light blinded Henry, and he felt the ring on his finger grow cold, so cold it stung for a couple seconds. As quickly as it came, the sensation rapidly faded away. "What the fuck?" he yelled.

He rubbed his eyes, trying to work away the afterimage from the light. He could barely see Mareen holding her hands out as she quickly said, "Please calm down. I merely... formed an indentured servant contract with you."

"You what!?" hollered Henry. This day was going to give him a permanent twitch--he could just feel it. "How am I a servant?" He looked at his finger. The ring had vanished; a grey-silver line now went around his pinky. A similar band was on Mareen's neck. He held up his hand, asking, "And what the fuck is this?"

"I just... I wanted to repay you for all that you've done for me and the village. You are now my employer for ten years. I'm your indentured servant, honor-bound to your service. I am not a slave, but my life is not really my own either. Whether you pay me or not is your choice."

"So you tricked me into this? Now I'm, what, bound for ten years?"

"No, no," Mareen's voice was frantic. "I'm the one who is bound. A servant contract cannot be made without the serving party being willing. I wanted to repay everything you've done for me and for my family."

Henry shook his head and grated, "This makes no sense. Why me? Aren't you worried what Jason will think about this? You two are together, right? Why didn't you give him whatever the fuck this is? A tattoo ring?"

He was looking Mareen right in the eyes when her mood drastically changed; he actually witnessed the transformation. Almost in slow motion, her worried expression vanished, transitioning into blazing eyes and bared teeth. Henry had never seen her angry before. He soon learned he didn't enjoy the experience.

Mareen's nervous stutter completely vanished. "Listen here, you, you, stupid man!" shouted Mareen. "I am not courting with Jason! He is my friend! How could anyone be impossibly stupid enough to think that we're courting? Are you all children? And you... you are going to shut your rotting mouth while I explain this!"

She was actually growling and cursing in Luda.

Henry was shocked. He leaned back on his bench very slowly and folded his hands in his lap. No sudden movements. He was wise enough to know when to act neutral and just be very attentive. Henry had heard what Mareen did to one of the demon wolves, and she seemed angry enough to spit acid at him too. It actually looked like a good possibility she might jump across the carriage and attack him. He kept his mouth shut and nodded very carefully.

No woman had been this angry at him in years. Proper, kindhearted Mareen was screaming and using profanity. What the fuck is going on? What did I do?

"Listen closely. This is my decision. I don't care what anyone else says. Not my grandfather, not you, not an unholy angel in heaven is going to tell me what to do my life! Yes, I'm sorry I tricked you, but I knew you'd act like this, like an idiot from Earth who still hasn't accepted you are ON ANOTHER WORLD NOW! Another world with completely different rules, you doomed fool!

"What you know or what you think you know is completely useless until you actually understand this world! I'm from here. Learn from me! I will teach you! Anyone from this whole doomed planet would understand what I was doing here. You are impossibly ignorant, and you don't listen! You don't pay attention!

"I mean, look at you! You're covered in rotting blood and God asunder knows what else. What is wrong with you? There were explosions and a fire! You could have been killed... again!" Mareen's voice broke as she choked back a sob, but the sound was overcome by her fury.

"I just had to walk for miles not knowing if I would ever even see you again," she snarled. "You had simple rotting instructions to stay by the gate, but did you follow them? NO YOU DIDN'T! You have been in a city for less than a rotting DAY, and you are already covered in blood! Whose blood is that? You are an idiot! You followed a whoreson STREET KID into an ALLEY!? What the rot is wrong with you?

"And what is with this Mo'hali boy? Where did you get him? Actually never mind. I don't want to know right now."

Mareen's voice lowered slightly, and she said, more to herself, "No, that wasn't fair. Knowing you, you probably helped the boy..." Her eyes flashed, and she started yelling again, "But that's no excuse!

"I am going to help you whether you like it or not!

"This was my rotting choice! You have no obligations related to my servitude. Yes, as an employer of an indentured servant, you are supposed to give me room and board, but I chose this for myself! If I have to, I will pay my own way to support myself! But for ten years, my life will be spent trying to help you with your stupid rotting, stupid... GAH!"

Mareen screamed incoherently for a few seconds. Then she clenched her fists before growling, "This is the way things are now. It's done. There's not use in complaining about it."

She threw her satchel into Henry's lap and growled, "Take this. I got this for you and Jason. This is what you need to start an adventuring company. Now if you want to know more about the servant bond, we can talk about it later."

Mareen's tone became slow and cold, "Right now I think you should read what's in the rotting satchel and don't EVER mention even the remote POSSIBILITY that I am courting with Jason ever again, you fool! What the hell is wrong with you people!?"

Mareen was breathing heavily, and Henry didn't say a word. That last sentence had even been in English. Henry was completely freaked out.

Bezzi-ibbi began clapping and laughing; his ears quivered in mirth. Mareen flushed and looked out the window. Henry, on the other hand, slowly did what he was told and examined the papers in the satchel. He'd fought monsters, had a life and death struggle with criminals in a burning building--he'd almost died in a fire--but what he'd just experienced was by far the scariest thing he'd seen since arriving on Ludus.

* * *

The Jaguar Clan estate was huge. Like most of the other buildings Henry saw on the ride through the city, it was built from wood and rammed earth. Henry recognized the earthen construction method from his time in the Middle East. The architecture was almost Victorian with an Asian flair, mostly in the details.

The carriage pulled up to a large gate made from thick branches of a dark, horny wood. The grounds around the mansion were large and well-kept, the course Ludus grass uniformly cut. A stylized motif of a snarling jaguar was painted on the thick wooden fence surrounding the estate.

Two jaguar Mo'hali were manning the gate, one male and one female. Bezzi-ibbi bared his teeth at them out the window of the carriage, and they returned the gesture. Henry had no idea what the greeting meant. When Bezzi-ibbi sat down again, he patted Henry's shoulder and said, "Family." Then he nodded firmly.

Mareen looked puzzled, but she and Henry were still not speaking after her outburst. She went back to glaring out the window before they rolled up to the house.

After they got out of the carriage, Henry noticed that it was mid- to late afternoon. To him it seemed like a lot more time had passed than that, but his day had been rather eventful. Even with his new, ridiculous endurance ability, his body was starting to feel heavy.

The front doors of the estate opened, and a large jaguar Mo'hali man in flowing pants and a short robe came out flanked by three Mo'hali women--two were jaguar race. One jaguar woman was short with brown hair. Her clothes hid her body, but the way she moved spoke of curves. Her face had smile lines. The other jaguar woman was tall and thin with dark hair. Her sharp facial features were attractive in a severe, bestial way. The last woman looked like a mouse race Mo'hali, not jaguar-like at all. She was petite with dark hair, large ears, and her inquisitive eyes had epicanthic folds.

All four Mo'hali wore similar clothing in the same shades of black and green.

Bezzi-ibbi briefly held hands with the mouse race woman and did the same with the taller jaguar woman before nuzzling faces with the short, brown-haired woman. Then the man in the short robe walked up to Bezzi-ibbi and cuffed him on the head hard enough to knock the boy to the ground.

What the...? Henry thought. Bezzi-ibbi rose from the ground in a crouch, snarling, claws out. He and the man stared at each other without moving for a moment before Bezzi-ibbi slowly turned his head to the side and averted his eyes.

The man took a quick step forward and enfolded Bezzi-ibbi in a hug. The boy growled happily and hugged the man back. Then the man set him down and said, "Welcome to my home. I am called Hajim-ibbi, and I am the head of the Jaguar Clan. I am Bezzi-ibbi's father. These are my wives." He nodded to the taller jaguar woman, "Henna-ibbi, our Clan Mother." He gestured to the mouse woman and said, "Kinwe-na-ibbi." The last woman bowed as he said, "Banna-ibbi, Bezzi-ibbi's birth-mother."

Henry was struggling to understand the introduction. He knew the Luda language from his orb, but he still didn't understand Ludus, or specifically Mo'hali culture, very well. For instance, "birth-mother" was one word in Luda, and he knew it was a title, kind of like a Japanese honorific. However, the term didn't directly translate, so he decided to mentally frame it in a way he could understand more easily.

"Nice to meet you," Henry replied. Three wives? This guy must be a baller. Henry glanced at all three women and noticed they stood very straight and regarded him with restrained, polite interest. The villagers Henry had first met and the regular people he'd seen in the city acted differently. If they were curious about something, they just stared.

Ah, these people must be aristocrats or something. With a start, Henry realized that his mannerisms from Earth were similar to the Jaguar Clan's. Henry had never thought of himself as particularly polished or confident, but he couldn't deny it. The Jaguar Clan leaders stood straighter, seemed less hesitant than most people he'd met.

He suddenly wondered if everyone he'd met so far on Ludus thought he and Jason were nobles. Maybe that was why George had been a village leader too. If he saw Jason again, he'd mention it. This was the kind of shit Jason got off on.

"Thank you for taking care of Bezzi-ibbi," said Hajim-ibbi. "He is very wild. We feared the worst after he didn't come home for a week. Before you arrived, the Guard sent us your account of events via magic messenger bird."

Banna-ibbi, Bezzi-ibbi's mother, nodded and said, "Yes, it's lucky the criminals didn't know which families were in power in the city, or they would have held Bezzi-ibbi for ransom. His life would have been threatened to force our Family to comply with demands. Thank you for saving our son!" She bowed deeply.

Henry glanced at Bezzi-ibbi and wondered why the kid was still standing with him instead of with his family. Henry obviously didn't understand Mo'hali culture... like, at all. Bezzi-ibbi's dad had smacked the shit out of him, and nobody else in the family had batted and eye. These people were fucking weird.

Henry patted his scarred leg, his new nervous habit, and said, "I just did what anyone would have done. What I'm most surprised about is that you all speak perfect Luda while Bezzi just growls a lot."

"Oh no..." Mareen whispered in horror.

There was no real warning. The jaguar people all made noises like stepped on cats, and Henna-ibbi, the taller Jaguar woman, sprang forward at Henry. Her teeth were bared, and her claws extended as she went for Henry's throat.

Henry didn't have time for conscious thought. In a fraction of a second, he used his magic to channel strength from the earth and covered his forearm with glittering steel. He barely managed to block Henna-ibbi's murderous claws as he sprang back.

In a blur of motion, Bezzi-ibbi body checked Henna-ibbi with his full weight and jumped back next to Henry. Bezzi-ibbi had his claws out now too.

These people are crazy!

Bezzi-ibbi howled something, and his whole Family immediately stopped moving.

What happened next was tense but simple; Henry stood very still as Bezzi-ibbi spoke rapidly to his Family in their own language. Mareen didn't move a muscle either. Henry glanced at his steel-covered arm. His ability to transform so fast and only alter one arm at a time were both new to him. He needed to practice more.

He noticed the mouse woman, Kinwe-na-ibbi, staring at him, studying his arm in particular. Henry could feel magic emanating from her. He knew without a doubt she was a mage.

Henry wished he understood what the fuck was going on. This had been a truly horrible day. Above all, he wished he knew whether to relax or get ready to fight for his life again. The emotional yo-yo was exhausting. He was battered, bruised, covered in dried blood, smelled like smoke, and he was almost completely out of magical power.

When Henna-ibbi had attacked earlier, she almost got him; she was so fast! If the Mo'hali attacked seriously, he knew he wouldn't be able to handle the whole Jaguar Clan. Kinwe-na-ibbi was a mage too, and Henry was becoming convinced the mouse Mo'hali woman was probably the strongest mage Henry had seen on Ludus so far. The thought made him feel strangely vulnerable.

The volume of the Jaguar Clan's argument kept rising, the adults looking increasingly shocked and upset. Bezzi-ibbi's tone was firm and unyielding. His posture was ramrod straight, leaning slightly forward as he stood beside Henry. Henry still had no idea what they were talking about, but the fact nobody had tried to murder him again was probably a good sign. Maybe. Hopefully.

Bezzi-ibbi's argument finally began to wind down. Banna-ibbi and Henna-ibbi both said something to Hajim-ibbi who looked off into the distance and pondered for a moment. Then he nodded and said something to Bezzi-ibbi, who responded by crouching and putting his head down on the ground. Henna-ibbi took a step forward, bowed stiffly to Henry, and grated, "Excuse me for my actions. I was not aware of the situation. Please honor us by staying as a guest in our home."

Bezzi-ibbi got up and grinned at Henry. "Don't worry. Everything okay now!" He patted Henry's shoulder and said, "Family." Then the entire Jaguar Clan family headed into the house. Bezzi-ibbi followed and tried to pull Henry along.

What. The. Fuck? Henry glanced at Mareen for a clue, but she looked confused too. Based on her earlier reaction, she still seemed to know more about the situation than he did, though. Henry felt like he was tap dancing on a cultural minefield.

He seriously considered just walking away, maybe even running, but he was surrounded by Jaguar Clan guards and had nowhere to go. He was also dead tired, alone, and out of magic energy. Basically, he was out of options. He turned to Bezzi-ibbi and asked, "Is everything okay?"

Bezzi-ibbi patted his shoulder again. "Safe," he said. "My home. Your home. Family!" The kid's smile showed all his teeth. Henry let his forearm armor disappear, but he held onto his strength from the earth, though. He was going to stay juiced up as long as he could until he knew nobody was going to try tearing out his throat again.

What a shitty day.





Names and Nudity

Jason woke as the wagon jostled to a halt. He sat up and rubbed the sleep from his eyes, peering around in confusion. The last thing he remembered was falling asleep with Uluula... he glanced down and saw her waking up too. At least she was okay.

He noticed they were still covered in filth, and the smell hit him a moment later. "Ugh..." He shook his head and resisted the urge to spit. He could wait until they got out; it seemed rude to spit in the wagon... even if he didn't know whose it was or why he was in it.

The waning, pre-dusk light cast deep shadows outside. He couldn't get a good view of where they were, but none of it would have looked familiar to him anyway. He decided to just accept being unharmed and unbound as positive signs.

Before long, the rear gate of the wagon was opened by two women in red uniforms. Both women were carrying cudgels on their belts and appeared very athletic. They looked like regular humans to Jason--in fact, they could have fit in anywhere in the US. They were probably Terrans like him.

One woman was tall with short hair. The other was average height with a pixie bob. They had their sleeves rolled up and wrinkled their noses in distaste after getting a whiff of their passengers.

"Thank the gods you're awake," said the taller woman. "I may have to burn my uniform after getting the two of you into the wagon."

The other guard added, "You're lucky you have friends in high places. We were going to take you to jail. Instead, here we are at the Jaguar Clan. Now they can deal with you."

"Out, out, out!" The first guard tapped her cudgel on the side of the wagon. "We don't have all day. We need to clean this wagon out now. I couldn't even force the puking drunks to sit in this smell later tonight."

"Damn right," said the shorter woman.

Jason stared at the guards for half a second, not knowing whether he was more irritated or amused. Uluula interrupted his bemusement by getting up and hopping out of the wagon. Jason followed her. As soon as he was out, the guards secured the gate and handed Jason a cloth bundle. "This was what we found on ya, a few knives and such." The taller woman smirked and said, "You normally wouldn't get these back, but you look like you could use all the help you can get."

"Plus, the Jaguar Clan told us to treat you as Clan guests," said the shorter woman with the pixie cut. Her taller companion smacked the back of her head, and she snarled, "What the hell was that for, Ladia? It's true."

"Shhh, quiet!" hissed the taller guard.

"Thanks, I think," mumbled Jason. The guards ignored him and hopped up onto the wagon, riding off without a backward glance.

Jason frowned at Uluula, but she just shrugged. He examined his surroundings and saw he was standing behind a huge house. The architecture looked strange to him, but he bet Henry would have known what it was. Henry was always good with random, useless knowledge like that.

Jason frowned; he suddenly realized he'd left Henry in a burning building with no exit. Hopefully his friend had made it out, but he could already feel guilt setting in. What was more, the little beast boy, Bezzi, had been there too.

Well, there wasn't anything he could do about it now. He'd just have to hope the little guy was still alive and safe.

A door to the house opened, and a jaguar Mo'hali woman in a plain blue dress with a green-and-black armband approached them. Suddenly, a small figure darted out from behind her and ran up to Jason. Bezzi-ibbi held out his hands, and without thinking, Jason automatically took them. The boy smiled and said, "Family. Happy alive."

Jason blinked and noticed more people coming out of the house, including Henry. His friend was wearing the same baggy green-and-black clothing as the Mo'hali. The group walked towards Jason and then took an involuntary step back when they smelled him.

Henry coughed. "Oh my God, dude! That's fucking nasty. Go take a bath. I was going to talk to you and introduce everyone, but it can wait."

The female Mo'hali in the blue dress said, "Please come this way, young master. You as well, Areva." She gestured to Uluula. "I will guide you to the baths." Jason concluded she was probably a maid.

He could seriously smell himself. He also saw the disgusted faces some of the people around him were making. "Ah, yeah. Okay let's go."

Uluula tilted her head slightly and said, "Lead the way." She stood straight, and her bearing was almost regal. All of the fear she'd had in her eyes when she'd been imprisoned was completely gone. Jason realized it was his first time seeing her normal posture. She looked proud and self-confident. This chick is tough... and her ears are sexy.

Jason obediently followed Uluula and the maid as she led them into the house. As he passed his friend, Henry stiffly said, "I'm glad you made it out okay."

"You too." Jason wanted to say more but knew they'd talk later.

The house was huge. It looked even bigger on the inside than the outside. Long hallways with stone flooring sported attractive, polished wooden doors and the occasional open, airy alcove. The maid led them to a door that looked like all the others to Jason. She opened it to reveal a small room with another door at the far end.

She turned to Uluula and said, "Madam, please put your clothing in the basket here. What would you like us to do with it?"

Uluula looked down at herself thoughtfully. She finally said, "It makes me stand out too much. You can dispose of it so long as I am provided with replacements."

"Very good." She turned to Jason. "You, please come with me."

Jason followed her down another set of hallways and quickly got lost. She brought him to a room where an older, gentle-looking jaguar man was sitting on a cushion surrounded by weapons and armor. Jason glanced around, interested by all the hardware on the walls, but quickly focused again when he realized the maid was trying to get his attention.

The man chuckled, "Leave him be, Tita-abbi. He looks," he said while sniffing, "and smells like he's had a long day."

The maid Tita-abbi smiled indulgently. "Young master, this is Yanno-ibbi. Please hand him your metal or anything else you'd like cleaned and detailed. He specializes in weapons."

Jason handed over the bag the guard gave him. He hadn't even opened it yet. He knew it probably contained a couple bronze knives covered in dried blood. Why did the City Guard even let me go? Jason glanced around at the beautiful house and had his suspicions.

Henry had probably pulled through for him again. His friend had not only escaped, he'd probably had the City Guard looking for him too. Jason couldn't imagine how Henry had pulled off attaining the help of such a powerful family. Well, it probably had something to do with Bezzi-ibbi--he could tell that much.

He was grateful either way.

However, all the important conversations could definitely wait until after his bath. He regarded the older Mo'hali and asked, "So are you an armorer?"

Yanno-ibbi smiled. "Armorer, tinker, garden supervisor, and Family historian."

"Wow! That is quite a list, Yanno! You must be really busy."

There was a brief silence broken by Tita-abbi hissing. Jason glanced at her. She was staring at the ground, but her whole body was tense. Jason was confused. He could tell he'd made a mistake, but he wasn't sure what he did; he could only conclude it had something to do with shortening Yanno-ibbi's name.

He glanced back to Yanno-ibbi, but the older man hadn't moved and was still smiling. His eyes twinkled.

"Jason-ibbi, right? Please use my full name around Family branch members. Some people are going to be slower than others to adjust to you and Henry-ibbi being Family."

"I see," said Jason. He really didn't. What the hell did Henry do!? He needed to talk to his friend as soon as possible, but he had no idea where he even was anymore. The path of least resistance seemed to be taking a bath.

Yanno-ibbi hefted himself to his feet and gravely bowed. "Ah, where are my old manners? Excuse me. I'm sure you want to get cleaned up."

The maid Tita-abbi swept out of the room. She looked back and said, "This way, young master." She wasn't hissing anymore. That was probably a good sign. Jason wouldn't shorten any more names until he knew more about Mo'hali culture.

They walked for a ways. Jason thought they might be heading back the way they came, but he couldn't be sure. Tita-abbi opened a door and gestured inside. "You should have everything you need inside. You can drop your clothing and your armor in the basket. What would you like us to do with it?" She wrinkled her nose.

Jason thought of his HEMA armor fondly. It had saved his life several times, but he really needed something more substantial than training armor. Plus, he rather doubted he'd ever get the smell out of the nylon bits. "You can destroy or discard it."

"Very well. The bath is through the other doorway."

In the small room, Jason stripped and found a small, private privy off to the side--a godsend. He discovered the far end of the room was a shower of sorts. Two levers operated the water from the ceiling. One adjusted the flow, and the other increased the temperature. Running water and a heated shower, eh? Not bad.

It was the first time Jason had been able to thoroughly clean his body in over two weeks. Henry might have been used to roughing it and being a nasty ass, but Jason was not a fan of the experience. He was pleased to find soap and other toiletries in shelves recessed into the wall. Tita-abbi hadn't been kidding; the room was stocked.

It seemed the process he was expected to follow was like a cross between Japanese and Western bathing customs. After he was done washing himself, Jason could still faintly smell his old clothes in the corner. He decided to leave the shower and check out the bath.

He opened the door and saw the bath itself. The walls looked like concrete, and the bath was mostly below the level of the floor. Steam hung in the air, and Jason saw the interior of the tub shimmer. He noticed the tub's irregular shape and was reminded of... a shell! Yes, the bath was definitely the lower shell of some enormous creature.

Jason gingerly lowered himself into the scented water. It was a little warm for his taste, at least at first, but he quickly got used to it. He thought over the last two weeks and realized it was a freakin' miracle he was still alive. He and Henry had played everything by ear until getting to Mirana, but the battle in the warehouse was a wakeup call.

This world was dangerous. They needed to have a serious discussion about how to proceed. They also needed gear and a base of operations...

Jason noticed motion out the corner of his eye. He glanced in that direction and did a double take. No, his eyes were not deceiving him. Uluula was shutting a door behind her and walking towards the bath. She was completely naked and seemed unconcerned about it.

Jason's eyes drank in the sight of her. Like most other Areva Jason had seen so far, she was very petite. She definitely stood under five feet tall. Despite her slender build, she had a defined waist and rather impressive muscle definition. She was built like a gymnast, all corded muscle under soft skin.

Her breasts were modest but full for her body type; her areolas were surprisingly dark in spite of her white hair. Her mons pubis was bare. In fact, she had no hair on her entire body other than her head and her eyebrows.

What am I doing? I'm staring. Jason quickly looked away. He heard Uluula slip into the water. "Why aren't you looking at me? Ah, that's right, I heard Terrans have issues with nudity. You also have no control over your biology."

"Wait, what?"

"Terrans have no sexual bridge. I knew this before I even met any of your kind. Just so you know, if you attack me, I will do my best to kill you."

Jason kept his eyes fixed firmly on the water in front of him. He said, "Sexual bridge... what do you mean? Also, aren't you embarrassed?"

"Sexual bridges. Areva choose when to be in heat. And embarrassed about what? My body? Why would I be? I may be a maiden, but I am forty-two years old. I am almost a full adult. Plus, I believe I am quite mature for my age."

Jason heard what she said and thought about it for a moment. Then he shrugged and looked up. There was no point staring at the water if Uluula wasn't upset about the situation, and he preferred to look at her while they talked.

He was awkward, but he wasn't pathetic.

He gazed right in her bright blue eyes and said in a deadpan voice, "You look twenty."

"I probably look young to you because Areva age slower than Terrans. Once we hit puberty, our aging slows until we reach full second adulthood. I am almost there."

"Second adulthood?"

"Yes. My people recognize first adulthood, where a person is physically mature and may take on adult responsibilities, and second adulthood, where a person should be fully independent and mature."

"How long do Areva actually live for?" Jason was curious. He looked her directly in the eyes. He was pretty sure he could physically control himself, but it really had been a while since he was this close to a naked woman.

"It depends. How should I phrase time? How do Terran years compare to Ludus years?"

"I believe Ludus years are a bit longer, by about twenty percent."

Uluula thought about it for a moment before replying, "I guess you would consider our average lifespan to be about four hundred fifty years, give or take a hundred years."

Jason cocked an eyebrow. "That is a really long time for a human--almost mythical to us. Yet, I've heard you don't like being called elves."

Her eyes flashed, "We are not a fairy tale or Terran myth. I am real. If anything, before I came to this world, I thought Terrans were a myth meant to frighten small children. Areva populate the universe. Terrans are slowly destroying themselves on one poisonous planet."

Jason decided to change the subject. "How long have you been here, I mean on Ludus?"

"I've been here for approximately two months. Yes, I am aware of Dolos orbs, and no, I was not given one. I think it's probably because I already had some small ability with magic. It is my best guess."

Jason asked, "So how do you speak Luda so well, then?"

Uluula pointed to her head. The motion did interesting things to her chest, but Jason kept his eyes on her face. He didn't want to be disrespectful, even if only by his culture. He respected and admired Uluula and wanted to demonstrate his regard the best way he knew how. She said, "Most Areva who can afford it have a neuralcomp. I was in the military, so mine is fairly advanced. It took me about a month to learn the Luda language."

"But you were around locals, weren't you? Wasn't it hard?"

Uluula shook her head and answered, "Most of the people in the village I was transported near were Areva. Some of them spoke Quadrant, so I was able to figure out what happened to me. It was a... difficult time." A shadow passed over her face. "However, after I understood my situation, I decided to make the most of it instead of wallowing in pity. Some people do that after they come to this planet, you know."

"I can imagine."

"I decided to travel to the nearest city, this one, and look for employment. I'm ashamed to say that I was captured by following someone to a fictitious job interview." Her eyes hardened. "I was asked to leave my weapons behind, which was one of the stupidest things I've ever done in my life. I will never make that mistake again."

"Well, Henry and I were kind of stupid too. I definitely don't have the right to judge."

Uluula slapped the water softly. "And yet you escaped, even rescuing me and the child as well. I had no idea what would happen to me. I may have lost my freedom for the rest of my life, and Areva live a very long time. The slavers said they had a special buyer lined up for me, one who liked Areva women, liked to hurt them. It was as if one of my worst nightmares came to life.

"You have my gratitude, and I have a debt I am not sure how to repay."

"Meh, you probably would have escaped eventually," assured Jason. "You looked pretty fierce even when you first came out of your cell."

She stared at him for a moment before shaking her head. "I forgot about actually meeting you until you brought it up again. You confused me when I first met you. You seem like a relatively intelligent person, but I forget sometimes that Terrans don't meet other races unless they are stolen to Ludus. You fundamentally don't understand how to navigate other cultures."

"What do you mean? I already figured out I made mistakes with Mo'hali names, but I don't understand the reason it was offensive."

"When you first met us, you shortened my name and Bezzi-ibbi's. In Mo'hali culture, Family is incredibly important, and great emphasis is placed on familial connections. Only close Family members can omit the Family affiliation from a person's name. Doing otherwise is a grave insult, the kind that results in duels or death.

"Bezzi-ibbi probably should have tried killing you in that cell or taking out a vendetta. Instead, it seems he adopted you into his Family. To be honest, I didn't even know Mo'hali could do that. He must be highly placed in his Family. You're probably lucky you were saving his life. The fact he liked your magic probably didn't hurt either."

Suddenly all the pieces fit in Jason's mind. He and Henry had gotten very lucky indeed. It felt like his entire lifetime of bad luck had been just to store up all the lucky coincidences he'd had over the last couple weeks.

He wondered what would have happened if he'd first made that kind of mistake in public. There were probably a lot of transported Terrans that got killed on Ludus from being unintentionally rude. Dolos had probably been serious when he said they wouldn't survive long; the memory chilled him.

"As for me," Uluula continued, "shortening an Areva's given name is not as insulting as it would be to a Mo'hali, but it's usually done out of spite or familiarity or love or the intention to court, but it's a rather forceful way to..." She thought for a moment before explaining, "It's as uncomfortable as pulling someone you don't know into a long, intimate hug or maybe touching them inappropriately."

"Well, now that we're not in a cell, I can apologize for being rude. but I can assure you I'm interested." The words left Jason's mouth before he could consider what he was saying.

She cocked her head. "What do you mean?"

"I mean I'm interested in getting to know you better, like as a man and a woman. You're self-confident, you're intelligent, you've already saved me from future cultural mistakes, and you're one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen. I find you incredibly attractive."

It was the most straightforwardly he'd ever communicated his interest to a woman in his life. Maybe the fact he was sitting naked with her in a bathtub had something to do with it. The mood was perfect too. Uluula's eyes widened a bit, but then she pursed her lips and smiled. She opened her mouth to speak...

And there was a loud knock on a door to the back before Henry threw it open, shouting, "Hey, Jason, make sure not to shorten anyone's name. We need to talk. Are you gonna take all da--"

He saw Jason and Uluula sitting close to each other in the bath and froze. "Ah, sorry for interrupting." He shut the door.

Jason slowly, methodically, turned his head back around and carefully kept his face calm. The mood was completely ruined. He glanced at Uluula, but she quickly turned her head and moved a few inches away too. He could tell she was grinning.

Jason stared at the wall for a minute to try centering himself, but he could sense the amusement rolling off Uluula. It was too much. If she started laughing, he was going to die a little inside. He got up stiffly, back straight, and left the bath. He held the tatters of his dignity together tightly lest he lose the rest of it too. In the shower room where he'd left his old clothes, he found a green-and-black outfit waiting for him.

Jason dressed slowly and growled. Inside his head, he was raging. God damn it, Henry! I'm going to fucking kill him! He was so angry and embarrassed it took him three tries to button his robe correctly.





Deals and Deception

Jason stalked through the halls of the Jaguar Clan house. He usually considered himself a fairly calm person, and he knew he should just let the whole matter go. He owed his life to Henry several times over after all... but he was still going to tear that bastard apart!

He was genuinely interested in Uluula! He didn't have the greatest confidence with women in the first place, and he felt like he might have actually gotten somewhere back there!

It was only, like, a day--no, less than a day--and he'd already struck out! And she'd even been naked!

Also, why the hell had he left a bath when the woman he was interested in was naked in it? Stupid, stupid Jason!

Deep down, he knew he was just digging his hole deeper, but he didn't know what else to do. His dignity was already on life support; he couldn't turn around, or it would irrevocably die. He continued to stomp around, looking for Henry. The handful of jaguar Mo'hali in the hall got out of his way when they saw his face.

Some of them gave him hostile glares. Jason couldn't have cared less. His whole world had narrowed down to finding his stupid Asian friend. That cock-blocking son of a...

He found Henry standing with Bezzi-ibbi in an open room off one of the main hallways. Jason just barely held himself from snap-kicking Henry in the chest. It would have been crossing the line to hit Henry, but dammit, he hadn't been laid in over a year! Plus, Uluula was amazing and beautiful and like... an elf and an alien at once! It was so, so hot. Fuck, why had he left the bath? She was naked back there and cool with it. Argggggg!

"Henry, what the fuck is wrong with you? Why couldn't you wait to talk to me? Even if I was by myself in there, that wasn't the time or the place!"

Henry kept a poker face and answered, "I remembered I forgot to warn you about shortening Mo'hali names. It's kind of important. On the other hand, I gotta tell you man, I'm proud of you. It looks like you graduated from your interest in cartoon cats."

Jason stepped forward and was seriously thinking about decking Henry when his body stopped moving for a second. His feet felt attached to the floor. The air felt weird too, like everything was still in the surrounding area. From behind him, he heard someone groan in English, "You primitives and your posturing. It's embarrassing."

That voice... Jason recognized that voice! It couldn't be...

Jason turned and saw Dolos sitting nonchalantly on a side chair, nibbling on a grape. "Are you done establishing dominance or whatever it was you were doing? We need to talk. I hate it here, and I want to leave, so let's make this quick."

Henry was standing completely still and grimacing. Jason felt his emotions settling. This was real. Dolos was really here.

"What? You primitives aren't going to attack me? Isn't that what you do? Especially you Americans, with your John Wayne movies and..." Dolos paused when Bezzi-ibbi leaned over to look at him from behind Henry. He rolled his eyes and said, "Oh great, the little predator boy is here too. As if I don't have enough distractions, the little hamster will probably tell his little hamster friends about this. Next thing you know, they will probably make another statue of me and get my face completely wrong. Mo'hali are terrible artists, you know."

Jason still couldn't move his feet, so he tried teleporting away. Not only did his magic fail, it hurt like hell and gave him a pounding headache. Now he knew why Henry was probably being so quiet; he'd probably tried to use his magic too. Dolos wagged a finger at them and said, "Ah, bad Terrans! No more of that. Very bad Terrans! No magic while we chat."

Dolos looked the same as when they'd first met. Stone accessories, strange tools, clothing that looked like a fabric store had exploded all gathered in weird places. The only difference was this time he was almost seven feet tall, not over ten. Up close, Jason was utterly certain he stood in the presence of an immensely powerful being. He still wasn't sure that he believed Dolos was an actual god, though. He just didn't seem very... divine.

"Why are you here?" Jason asked.

Dolos put a hand to his chest in mock outrage and said, "Such impertinence. And yet I notice neither of you is cursing at me this time." He grinned, and his eyes glittered. "This is my world. I can be anywhere or nowhere."

Please, please keep your cool Henry, Jason desperately thought. He was angry at Dolos too, but there wasn't anything either of them could do about it. At least not yet. On the other hand, this was an opportunity to gather information. Plus, they didn't even know why Dolos had appeared. It could have been important.

Jason wet his lips. "Can you please answer the question? Why are you here?"

Dolos grimaced at them. "No respect. You should be calling me "Great God Dolos" and rubbing oil in your hair or having a drug-filled orgy or cutting yourself--at least some stupid thing mortals do for religion. But no, here you are..." His voice trailed off into grumbles.

Henry began to speak, but Dolos waved his hand, and he couldn't open his mouth anymore. Jason saw his friend briefly struggle to pry his jaws apart but then give up, glaring at Dolos. He gave him the finger and crossed his arms.

"Oh, so very mature of you, Henry Sato. You wound me." Dolos dramatically put a wrist to his forehead. "I can already guess what sorts of things you would say if you could, and I don't feel like restraining my godly wrath. Unfortunately, I don't want to kill you today, so you shouldn't tempt me."

Jason took a deep breath and repeated himself, "Could you answer the question? Please?"

Dolos glared at Jason. "Oh all right! You creatures have no sense for proper timing or poise at all." He stood up, huffing, his tools jingling under his clothing. "It pains me to say this, but... I need you to do something," his voice trailed off.

"I'm sorry, could you please say that last part again? I couldn't hear you."

"I said I need you to do something! You Terrans are as poor at listening as you are at personal hygiene."

Henry's jaw started working again. He growled, "Help with what?"

"Well you see, about thirty thousand years ago, when I started this little experiment, I made a bet with one of my sisters. The bet was silly and beneath me, so I forgot about it. I was rather rudely reminded of the whole thing again about a week ago. It was terrible. So vexing."

Dolos glared at the ceiling and harrumphed to himself. Jason felt the power rolling off of Dolos increase from irritation. He remembered the stories Mareen had told them about Dolos during their journey, how Dolos had destroyed villages or wiped out civilizations. Actually, now that Jason thought of her, where was Mareen?

Dolos continued, his voice dour, "Anyway, my sister mentioned that in three to four years, she is going to pit her creation against mine. There will be a war or something to see whose creation is better, and if she destroys too much of Ludus, I might have to start my work all over again. It will be incredibly inconvenient. It took eons of research to get to this point! Do you know what it would be like to create thirty thousand years of careful preparation and study all over again? Of course you don't. Your lives are short and meaningless."

Jason didn't quite know how to respond to that. He kept his mouth shut. Thankfully, Henry did too.

Dolos started pacing. "Everything isn't ready yet, but I'm close! I'm so close! Only about a thousand years away from the next breakthrough, and still that franstha is holding me to the bet!"

He spun on them and put his hands behind his back. "I need generals. In three or four years, maybe ten, whatever, we are going to have a war game. I need you to unite the people on Ludus and become as powerful as possible. I need you to train an army and crush that franstha Apate's creation!

Jason and Henry looked at each other. Henry said, "Isn't that basically what you told us to do the last time you saw us?"

"Ah, yes, that's right. Well, that was for fun and research. Wars always give me great data, so it was worth setting you to scurry on your merry way towards violence. However, this is serious." Dolos waved a hand, "Yes, yes, I know. Compensation. Incentives. Even as far removed I am from simple creatures like you, I still know you will want something.

"So what do you want? You may choose one thing. And no, your request can't be to go back to your home planet. I've put too much into you. I still might send you back if you manage to survive after the war, though. It depends on how well you do."

There was a period of silence. Jason really couldn't think of anything Dolos could give him. He was also busy lamenting his luck. He didn't want to fight in some ridiculous war of the gods! His internal protests were interrupted when Henry spoke up, his voice hesitant.

"I want you to get a message from me to my mother. I want you to heal her if she is still alive. If you do that, I'll do the best I can. If she's already passed away, no deal."

Dolos looked surprised for a second then grinned. "A message, huh?" He gestured and reached into thin air, pulling out a normal looking pad of paper and a pen. He handed it off, and Henry began writing furiously.

While his head was bent over his writing, Henry said, "I want proof too. I want proof she is safe and healthy if I am going to do anything for you."

"You do realize that this will firmly bind you to my wishes? Anything I can heal I can destroy."

Henry paused for a moment and shrugged. "It's a better chance than she has now. I'm willing to risk it. If you keep your side, I'll keep mine."

Dolos turned to Jason again and his grin fell. "And then there's you. You're one of those thinking types. I hate mortals like you. I mean, I hate all of you, but I hate you even more."

"Why do you need us to do this? Why the charade? And if we do need to fight, why not just give us a pile of gear and spirit gems or whatever we need to get stronger?"

"It's against the rules."

"Rules? What rules?"

"Rules are everything." Dolos shook his head. "You wouldn't understand. You're a tiny mortal. All you do is eat and shit and fornicate and spawn and die. Your lives are meaningless, and you are blind to the larger world that surrounds you.

"It's not like I can't offer any assistance. I will give you some locations of spirit gems, but it will be after your priestess gets here to babysit you. It will also be after I announce orb-Bonded identities to the world. Ah, I should tell you about this.

"I'm sending all my priestesses out to the most promising individuals or teams. They will offer assistance. I can't help you directly, but they can... sort of."

Henry asked, "Priestesses? No priests?"

Dolos looked up at the ceiling in exasperation. "As much as it already pained me to admit you are some of the more promising new individuals with orbs, it hurts even more that you are this stupid and unobservant. You've been on this planet for long enough to notice there are more women than men. Yes, Terrans, you get to experience a mortal world run by females, just like the rest of the mortal Universe is. Why would I have priests in my church when it's easier to mirror the average political power structure?

"I will allow your assigned priestess to reveal information over time... but only after I announce the challenge game for Bonded and Heroes. I'm going to reward anyone who kills a Bonded or Hero with a spirit gem or new orb--one per kill."

"But that doesn't make any sense," protested Jason. "You said a huge war is coming and you want the world to survive. Why not let all of us get stronger?"

Dolos smiled and narrowed his eyes. "If I get my data, I don't care if this world crumbles to dust. All of this is a means to an end. Whether you all kill each other or repel Apate's armies, I will wring as much as I can from the data you generate. Winning would be preferable but is irrelevant as long as I can reach my long-term goals."

Jason asked, "And there are other people you are setting on this task too?"

"Of course. What, did you think you were chosen or special? You are convenient resources. That is all--just two of many promising candidates. I still hope all of you filthy Terrans die off as long as it's after I get my data. You could still come out on top at this point, but with others hunting you, you will still probably die."

"Then why give us anything?"

"No, no, no. I've said too much already. If you want answers, figure them out for yourselves. Now tell me what you want so I can leave."

Jason was torn. He didn't just suspect he was being used--he was sure of it. He also had a suspicion that Dolos could actually want them to all kill each other off rather than fighting off any supposed invasion. Jason wasn't entirely buying the story Dolos had given them about Apate either.

But one thing was certain: Henry would do anything to save his mother. He would definitely go along with this psycho mission. Plus, Jason felt like he had unfinished business on Ludus. And while he missed his life on Earth, he didn't have anything back home that couldn't wait for a few years.

He needed to stand with his friend. And there was also the small fact he couldn't leave Ludus anyway... It was beginning to look like he would have to hide in the woods for the rest of his life just to avoid being murdered for being Bonded. The only alternative he could see was to continue with the original plan--exploring this world and getting stronger.

He made a decision and hoped he wouldn't live to regret it. "Okay, fine. I'll be your pawn, but I don't want anything right now. My request is that you owe me a favor."

Dolos smirked. "I am older than your civilization. I precede the invention of war on your planet. I have seen oceans boil and mountains erode away. I was not born yesterday, creature. Be specific about your favor, or you get nothing."

"Fine. Any one thing, one action, one agreement, or one alteration. Whatever I ask can only affect myself or my environment, and it cannot be sending me home to Earth, at least until after we've accomplished this task."

Dolos countered, "It can't be anything that requires more than a small use of power, you can't ask for more favors with your favor, you can't ask for things that don't exist, you can't ask me to directly affect this contest, and I have the right to reject whatever favor you ask."

"Fine, but if I can prove through logic that my request is reasonable based on our agreement, you have to take it seriously."

Dolos considered for a moment. "I hate agreeing to this, but I've been here too long to begin with. I must drop this shift bubble soon. Fine, we have an accord."

"Do I have your word? And how will I contact you?"

"Yes, you have my word," Dolos snarled. "You can contact me through your assigned priestess. Now that everything is taken care of, she will be the one to deal with your disrespectful..."

Jason had forgotten Bezzi-ibbi was with them until the boy darted forward, saying something in his native language to Dolos. How is he moving? Dolos must have also forgotten he was there too. Bezzi-ibbi got on one knee and repeated what he'd already said but more forcefully.

Dolos looked surprised at first but then grinned and clapped his hands. He said in English, "Excellent! Sometimes I'm reminded of why I soil myself by coming here. This will be excellent research. You'll get your boon, you little urchin." Dolos said something to Bezzi-ibbi in the Mo'hali language and reached into thin air again. He pulled out a plain silver ring and handed it to the boy, who accepted it carefully and put it in his pocket.

Henry still had his head down and didn't see what happened, but Jason was concerned. He said in Luda, "Are you sure about whatever it is you're doing?"

Bezzi-ibbi looked resolute and firmly nodded.

Dolos made a gesture like he was dusting his hands and stretched. "I'm glad that's done. It galls me to give anything to mortals who will probably die soon anyway." He held out a hand towards Henry and took the writing pad, making it vanish as quickly as it had appeared. "It is difficult being such a generous and kind god."

The air began to shimmer behind him. "Please keep being good little experiments! Try not to get murdered!" He laughed as he stepped through the portal.

After Dolos left, the air resumed moving, and Jason realized he could hear the sounds of the household again. The longer Jason thought about what had just happened, the more convinced he was that they'd all just gotten scammed--seriously, profoundly scammed.





Ring of Truth

Bezzi-ibbi watched his two friends--no, his two brothers--stare at the wall for a moment after Dolos left. Henry snorted, and the spell of silence broke. "Well, that just happened," said Jason in Luda.

Bezzi-ibbi felt the ring weigh heavily in his pocket. He knew that if Henry saw it, he'd probably be more suspicious about it than Jason. Henry had just learned firsthand that a ring could be more than it seemed on Ludus.

He felt another surge of pride for his two idiot older brothers. It hadn't even been a day, and they were arguing with a god. He couldn't understand what they said in their language with Dolos, but they'd talked without bending their backs or showing their bellies. He got the idea they hadn't gotten very good news, but that was what Dolos did: he used mortals for his own goals and always got more out of his bargains than he gave. Always.

Bezzi-ibbi absently patted Jason's arm and said, "Family." It was one of the only Luda words he didn't hate saying. He knew some people assumed that he couldn't speak Luda very well, but they didn't understand. They didn't know he's loathed his old language instructor. Bezzi-ibbi had said he'd never speak Luda again. As he got older, he's realized this vow wasn't very realistic, but he could still speak it badly!

After Dolos left, Henry and Jason said they needed to catch up and started talking about boring things, like escaping the warehouse and the fire. They were both in the house, and they were still alive. Jason had stunk when he'd arrived, so it was obvious he'd gotten out through a sewer or something, so what more was there to talk about?

As Henry and Jason kept babbling on, filling each other in about what the other had been doing, Bezzi-ibbi went to find Mareen. He knew there was probably going to be a Clan meeting soon, and he wanted to fetch her while he still could. Henry acted funny when she was around. It was amusing.

He'd only known these people for a short time, but he already enjoyed being around them. They didn't treat him like most other people did in the city, much less the Jaguar Clan. Henry in particular didn't treat him like he was stupid, powerless, or had to be protected.

As he walked to the other side of the house, he came across his father. Hajim-ibbi didn't really understand Bezzi-ibbi's reluctance to speak Luda, but he respected it. He said in Panum, "Ah, there you are Bezzi-ibbi. Where are our guests?"

"They just met with Dolos, and now they're catching up." Bezzi-ibbi spoke Panum too.

"What?" Outwardly, his father only seemed mildly surprised, but Bezzi-ibbi knew he was shocked down to his toe claws. "Where are they?"

"They're in the side room of the hallway by the pantry."

Hajim-ibbi took off at a fast walk, almost a jog. Now Bezzi-ibbi was sure there would be a big meeting. He loved his father, but in Bezzi-ibbi's opinion he was overly fond of meetings.

As he walked, Bezzi-ibbi reflected on how he'd still been a captive less than a day ago. It was impressive that Henry and Jason were still so lively now after doing most of the fighting during the escape. In fact, Jason had even had energy to get angry at Henry for interrupting his mating ritual.

Even though Bezzi-ibbi had witnessed both men ruthlessly kill their captors, Bezzi-ibbi couldn't help thinking of them as goofy. Well, goofy older brothers now.

He smiled and admitted how happy he was that everything was changing. Without everything else going on, he knew people would have been fussing all over him and barely letting him move. He didn't want that. It was his fault he got captured in the first place. He didn't want to be pampered or reminded of his weakness.

Mareen was in one of the guest bedrooms. She'd gone to take a nap a while ago and asked to be woken up if anything important happened. Bezzi-ibbi figured she would consider a Family meeting important. Then again, she'd probably have considered anything important that Henry was involved in.

She had it bad. Even Bezzi-ibbi could see that. He personally had not been interested in a specific female yet, but he could understand the attraction. Sometimes when he saw a particularly sleek Mo'hali girl of one of the predator clans, when the light caught her fangs or her tail moved a certain way, it snagged his attention like a hook. He felt almost entranced. It was a curious feeling, and he didn't entirely like it.

He knew he had to understand matters of the heart eventually. Bezzi-ibbi's dream was to be a warrior poet, a Jaguar troubadour. He couldn't do that if the leaders of his Clan kept trying to lock him away from the outside world, though. He'd never asked to become the heir. But it was irrelevant; everyone knew the best Clan leaders were traveled and wise. How was he going to travel if they never let him leave the house?

He felt the ring Dolos had given him through the fabric of his pants and sighed. It was still surreal that he possessed such a thing. In any other situation, he wouldn't have been crazy enough to ask Dolos for a boon, much less foolish enough to actually use it. But Bezzi-ibbi knew a chance when he saw one, a chance to reach for his dream. It was worth the risk.

He wouldn't use it for anything less than an emergency, though. He just wished he wasn't so sure that such a thing would probably happen soon.

Bezzi-ibbi found Mareen sleeping in the guest bed. She was slightly drooling. Bezii-ibbi chuckled; Terrans were so strange looking. Their ears were so small and useless. In the past, he hadn't understood why so many people were afraid of Terrans... until he saw Henry and Jason fight. They were powerful, ruthless, and efficient. Bezzi-ibbi wanted to learn from them.

He poked Mareen awake, and she groaned. "Meeting soon," he said. "Big news." Then he left. Mareen would either get up or she wouldn't. Bezzi-ibbi didn't dislike her, but he didn't want to miss any of the coming entertainment either.

By the time he made it back to Henry and Jason, his father was already calling a meeting together. All Jaguar Clan leaders were required to attend. Hajim-ibbi had probably already talked to Henna-ibbi and planned to make the conversation with Dolos a matter of Clan knowledge.

Based on Clan politics and tradition, Bezzi-ibbi also suspected the Clan was not going to honor his adoption of Henry and Jason. The Clan Elders would probably require Henry and Jason to prove their worth. This meeting would be where such a thing was announced.

If things proceeded the way he predicted, he hoped the task wouldn't be too dangerous. If it was, the leaders would be less likely to let him go along. No, they would let him go. He desperately didn't want to use it, but he had a trick behind his claw. How did Terrans say it? Trump card? Trick up their sleeve? Rabbit under a hat? Bezzi-ibbi liked Terrans, but he thought their idioms sounded kind of stupid.

Everyone crowded into the main meeting room of the house, including the branch member leaders. Some of the older Clan members were grumpy about getting up--it was past their bedtime after all. Bezzi-ibbi had a feeling they'd forget their gripes after hearing that Dolos had visited the Clan house.

Bezzi-ibbi was still curious what Dolos had said to Henry and Jason. He'd have to find out with everyone else.

Everyone gathered in record time. In fact, once all the Clan members realized the meeting was probably something important--which meant interesting--lower-ranked Clan members began jockeying to be in the room too. They blocked all the hallways, trying to get a better view of the proceedings.

Bezzi-ibbi, his father, his mothers, his siblings, and all the other leaders had their own stools. The Ibbo and Abbi branch leaders were all in attendance as well. As was custom, all the wives sat slightly forward of their husbands to lead from the front.

Henry, Jason, Mareen, and Uluula sat on the side of the room where they'd been placed by servants. Bezzi-ibbi owed Uluula for trying to take care of him while they were imprisoned, but Areva still made him nervous. Uluula in particular was intimidating. Bezzi-ibbi heard stories of what Areva armies had done to Mo'hali worlds in the distant past. After he'd met Uluula, he believed every word.

If she'd been armed, Bezzi-ibbi knew she would have escaped. He was ashamed that he hadn't been able to help. He was still too young and only had his teeth and claws, not enough against spears and armor.

He examined his two Terran brothers more closely. They slumped forward like they weren't used to sitting on stools like those the Mo'hali used. Chairs with backs weren't very comfortable to sit in for people with tails. Bezzi-ibbi didn't mind chairs with backs, but he knew he cared less about tradition than most of his people.

That was the real problem he might have tonight, though, wasn't it? Tradition. He grimaced and paid attention to the meeting.

First, Henna-ibbi called the meeting to order. Hajim-ibbi stood and formally invoked his confidence in his wife's leadership. Henna-ibbi in turn asked for the firsthand account of Dolos' visit.

Bezzi-ibbi was proud that his brothers would speak in the Clan meeting. He knew these men weren't the quickest to trust, but Banna-ibbi had explained to Henry earlier how much of an honor it was--and how much Bezzi-ibbi risked--to adopt him.

Bezzi-ibbi recognized that Henry and Jason were somewhat adrift; the stability of being affiliated with the Jaguar Clan would help them a lot. One good deed for another. His hes rekke Henna-ibbi always said, "A smart hunter always knows when to break camp instead of going for the kill." His birth-mother Banna-ibbi said, "Don't get so tired you get stupid and kill yourself." Bezzi-ibbi thought both sayings were wise.

Henry and Jason stood and told everyone what Dolos had said. Bezzi-ibbi was shocked. Well, he was honestly a little excited too. War! All the greatest Jaguar troubadours experienced war! Intellectually he knew war was terrible, but if war was coming to Ludus, his Clan had to realize they couldn't keep him locked up anymore, right?

After the men were done speaking, the leaders turned to look at Bezzi-ibbi, seeking his acknowledgment as witness. Had he really seen Dolos? He nodded, and the leaders looked troubled. The fact that such reserved people looked worried meant that with less self-control, they'd probably have been running around, screaming and scratching the walls.

Still, this was the Jaguar Clan after all, so eventually they calmed and resumed the meeting. The leaders all stared meaningfully at the Clan Chief and Henna-ibbi. She stood and gave Henry and Jason the difficult news. "The Clan Elders have acknowledged that Bezzi-ibbi, the heir of the main branch Clan, has adopted Henry-ibbi and Jason-ibbi as brothers. Such a thing has not been done in over two hundred years. However, you must perform a task to be worthy of this honor."

Henry's expression fell, and he said, "Oh no."

Jason shook his head at him. "Go on," he said.

Henna-ibbi looked apologetic but continued, "What we're about to tell you we would never tell anyone outside the Clan. We are running out of money and losing influence. This Clan's power was built on trade, but our caravans are disappearing. We need people to investigate and take care of the problem, but we can't hire mercenaries or adventurers. If we sent out large groups or had a security leak, it would alert our enemies and leave us with fewer defenses. We didn't have anyone within the Clan that we could send... until now."

Henry frowned and said, "So what you really mean is that we might be able to do the job but we're still expendable until we're official Jaguar Clan, right?"

Some of the Elders bristled at Henry's words and tone, but Bezzi-ibbi grinned. He liked Henry. Henry was like the hunter who was so brazen his prey didn't think to run until already dead.

Henna-ibbi didn't look very happy about Henry's tone either. She was a traditionalist after all, but she was also the Clan Mother, and she knew her duty. "Your words are not untrue."

Henry replied, "So let me get this straight. We just got word that your entire world could be under attack in a few years. We're at least notionally part of your Clan right now, but you're going to send us out on... what, a fucking assassination mission? Some bullshit quest? How big are these caravans that are disappearing?

"About 10-20 people at a time have been disappearing, all trusted vassals."

"So realistically, we're talking about tracking down and killing at least a couple dozen bandits. Probably murderers, hard cases that won't just roll over."

"What makes you think you have to kill them?"

"Come on, lady. You're only sending us? You didn't mention sending any support with us, and there's no fucking way me and Jason could capture twenty bandits alive. No, you're asking us to kill for your Clan that you won't even let us be part of yet.

"This mission sounds as much to get rid of us as any chance to actually solve a problem. If we fail, I'd bet my left nut you'll go with plan B, probably doubling your guard or sending a powerful person or two out with each regular caravan. There is no way two random fucking earthlings you just met a few hours ago are your last hope."

The Elders and some of the others watching flexed claws at this outburst, but nobody moved. Henry-ibbi was baring his fangs, but he hissed truth. Henna-ibbi had been directly challenged, but she couldn't retaliate or save face. Henry saw right through the Elders. Bezzi-ibbi felt the power dynamic change. Henry-ibbi probably didn't even realize what a terrible blow he'd just dealt to Henna-ibbi's authority.

Jason put a hand on Henry's arm, and the man kept frowning but stopped talking. Jason's voice was colder than usual when he asked, "What about equipment? I don't think you'll send us out there with just our knives and the clothes on our backs. It's in your best interests if we succeed, after all."

Bezzi-ibbi's uncle stood to speak. "I stand as Yanno-ibbi, Clan armorer. As the Clan Mother said, we are out of resources. We can't help you buy more armor. However, you are free to use anything in the armory in this house. Due to your status, it will be considered a loan until you complete your task, though."

"I guess that's better than nothing," grumbled Henry.

Jason held up a hand. He asked, "I trust that since we've been told of the Clan's problems, our participation in this matter is not a choice, correct?"

Yanno-ibbi sat down, and Henna-ibbi answered, "That is correct. I apologize for the necessity. If you try to leave the Clan while knowing such vital information, we will have no choice but to silence you. However, should you succeed, you will be granted main branch Clan status and privileges including a stipend."

Bezzi-ibbi was shocked. The Clan problems were worse than he'd realized. The Elders were making an all-or-nothing move here that would have been illogical if another clan wasn't actively planning to destroy them. The Elders must really have believed that whatever course of action they were planning before Henry and Jason came along would have created a great deal of problems. It seemed Bezzi-ibbi wasn't as well-informed as he'd thought. He vowed to get to the bottom of the matter later and find out who their local mobilizing enemy was.

Henry stood, his arms crossed. "This still doesn't make sense. We're two guys. I get that you want to handle this matter quietly, but where is your confidence coming from we can do anything?"

Henna-ibbi narrowed her eyes, her ears going back. "We have learned that you are orb-Bonded. You speak directly to Dolos. You rescued my son by slaying many armed and armored criminals. Please do not ask any more obvious questions."

Henry sat down, scowling.

Jason quickly interjected, "This job, we will get paid, right?"

"Yes, but to transfer payment to you legally, you will need to be registered with either the Adventurer Guild, the Mercenary Guild, or the city and the country for freelance mercenary work. It will have to wait until you are full Clan members," said Henna-ibbi.

Mareen elbowed Henry in the leg. He made a confused face for a second until he grinned. He said, "That won't be a problem. We have the paperwork necessary to start our own adventuring company."

"That is surprising but lucky. It should save everyone time if nothing else. Do you have any other concerns?"

Jason looked at Henry before saying, "We will need a few days at least to prepare. Henry and I haven't even been on this world that long. We need time and resources to plan. That means maps, gear, and space to practice our magic."

Bezzi-ibbi knew the last portion of Henry's request could make the Clan uncomfortable. Mo'hali usually weren't gifted in magic, resulting in many of them fearing and mistrusting it. Bezzi-ibbi's rekke, Kinwe-na-ibbi, was accepted for being Mo'hali. However, Henna-ibbi nodded, agreeing for the entire Clan.

She said, "With that, I believe everything has been covered. Is there anyone else who wishes to speak? Do not whisper behind bushes. Make your claims in the day."

Bezzi-ibbi tensed. It was time. He stepped forward and said, "I stand as Bezzi-Ibbi, heir of the main branch Jaguar Clan. I wish to make my claim in the day." Bezzi-ibbi spoke formally and in perfect Luda. Some of the Jaguar Clan members in the room seemed more surprised that Bezzi-ibbi was formally recognizing himself in Luda than they had at news of a future war of the gods.

Henna-ibbi tensed warily. Bezzi-ibbi loved his hes rekke, but he knew she didn't really understand his wild heart. His father and his mother Kinwe-na-ibbi tolerated it, but only his birth-mother and Yanno-ibbi seemed to really accept him.

Bezzi-ibbi reverted to speaking in Panum, "I will be going with my brothers Henry-ibbi and Jason-ibbi. It is my responsibility and my right. I wish to make this known now so there is no confusion later."

Henna-ibbi seemed to relax. She responded in Panum, "That will not be happening. You are close to adult age, but you are not there yet."

Bezzi-ibbi bristled, this tail flicking. "And when I become an adult, I will be weighed down with responsibility and kept safe with tradition. No. It was not my choice to be the Clan heir, but since I am, I will become a great Clan Chief. To do that, I must leave this city, or I will never understand the greater world. I am going with my brothers. It is my duty."

His hes rekke shook her head. Bezzi-ibbi glanced at his birth-mother, and even she was not supporting him. The Elders and leaders stared at him, wishing for him to quiet and adhere to their expectations. He'd been in this argument before, and he knew how it would normally end. So be it.

"I have made my decision. I did not choose being the heir, but if I am going to be a Clan Chief, I will not be coddled. I refuse." He took the ring out of his pocket. "Since my Clan will not respect my wishes, I have no choice. I asked Dolos for a boon today, and he gave me a Hero ring."

The entire meeting room went very still. The Terrans had no idea what was going on; they just looked confused since they didn't understand Panum. Only Uluula seemed to be following what was going on. She looked curious. Bezzi-ibbi wished he'd tried speaking to her in Panum now when they were imprisoned together. He truly did hate speaking Luda and might have been doing so unnecessarily.

Henna-ibbi whispered, "Bezzi-ibbi, please stop. If you put that on, it will probably kill you."

"I would rather die than live as prey in a cage. I would rather perish and let someone else take my place than be anything less than the best Chief I can be. I would rather be dust than not take an active part in saving my Clan. And I'd rather never been born than live without experiencing the path of a Jaguar troubadour."

Bezzi-ibbi's father slowly stood. "I, Hajim-ibbi, Clan Chief of the Jaguar Clan forbid this. Bezzi-ibbi, stand down now!"

Bezzi-ibbi shook his head sadly. "Father, I respect you, and I will bow my back later, but I must do this. I cannot put out the fire in me that tells me to explore. Please forgive me." Bezzi-ibbi slipped the ring onto his left hand.

The next few moments were confusing. There was a great deal of noise, and many people spoke at once. He felt hands on him, and someone put a wet cloth on his forehead. He realized in flashes of images that he was on the floor. He kept hearing someone scream, and he wished they would stop. While drifting off to unconsciousness, he realized he was the one screaming.





Delvers, LLC

Jason was glad nobody blamed him or Henry for what had happened to Bezzi-ibbi. Neither of them had recognized the ring's significance like a Mo'hali would. Hero rings represented thousands of years of complicated Mo'hali history on Ludus.

As Yanno-ibbi explained later, like all the other races on Ludus, Mo'hali didn't have access to technology other than Ludus magic tech. They also very rarely had any mages among them, and their overall numbers were comparatively small to other groups too. On Ludus, despite their physical advantages of speed, strength, and reflexes, the Mo'hali people were weak.

Dolos gave power to other races in the form of Dolos orbs, but the orbs didn't work on Mo'hali physiology. At best, nothing happened, and at worst, the Mo'hali who took the orb died.

But like all sentient beings on Ludus, Dolos had a purpose for them. Dolos orbs didn't work for Mo'hali, so Dolos created rings only they could use. The rings themselves had various effects, similar to the orbs. However, they always added some physical mark of their presence like a glowing eye, spiked tail, new horns, or even a twisted body. The mortality rate was sky-high. Most Mo'hali brave enough to wear a Hero ring paid the ultimate price for it.

All the greatest Mo'hali Heroes on Ludus over the last few thousand years were ring wearers, Heroes in fact as well as name. The predatory-type Mo'hali like the Jaguar Clan held them in almost religious reverence.

Bezzi-ibbi had taken an enormous all-or-nothing risk. Jason thought he might just be the bravest little boy he'd ever met. The Jaguar Clan heir was still in a coma, and his odds of surviving weren't very good, but if he lived, he would be a Mo'hali Hero. His Clan would no longer have the right to keep him safe and pampered.

It was heavy stuff. Jason felt terrible and wondered if he'd saved Bezzi-ibbi from a cell just to see him die of some sick Dolos experiment.

He tried to stay busy to offset his feelings of guilt. He and Henry got up early their first day at the Jaguar Clan house to discuss forming an adventuring company. Jason was a little weirded out by Mareen being Henry's technical servant, but his friend seemed the most uncomfortable with it. In fact, he even appeared a little afraid of her, but that couldn't be possible. Jason dismissed it.

Mareen sat quietly off to the side as Jason argued about the name of their new company with Henry. He suggested going with a name like "Thunderkittens." Henry was looking for a serious sounding name like "Professional Dungeoneers." Neither of them wanted to give an inch. Jason wanted an Earth reference that would tell other people on Ludus they were from Earth, hopefully gaining new allies. Henry's focus seemed to be creating a serious business and wanting the name to reflect that.

The breakthrough came when they were both randomly throwing out names and Henry suggested "Delvers." Jason liked the sound of it and asked, "What about Delvers, LLC?"

"What does 'LLC' stand for?"

"It means 'limited liability company.' It's basically a way for people to form a business in the United States that will protect from litigation without jumping through all the hoops of incorporating."

Henry paused for a moment. "How do you know that?"

"It's not like all I ever did was write code. I read things. I listened. I paid attention."

Henry scrunched up his face. "I still think it's weird. What in the hell did you need to know that for?"

"Let me answer your question with a question. Do you know how to make a deadfall trap for large animals?"

"Yes."

"Why? It's not like you ever use it. When are you ever going to make a trap for a bear or whatever? What good did it do you?"

"Well, considering we're on a fucking fantasy world and we might need to kill some food, it seems a lot more useful knowing how to set traps than what LLC stands for." Henry rolled his eyes. "Plus, what makes you think anyone on this whole planet other than you is going to understand the acronym? It's just a United States thing, right? What if someone on Ludus is from France and says, 'Bonjour, what is zees 'LLC'? It sounds ze fucking dumb.'"

Jason pressed his lip together. His voice was tight when he responded, "It's friggin' Delvers, LLC or Pokemonsters. Choose."

"Okay, fine. Delvers, LLC it is." Henry shrugged.

Once the name was decided, Mareen got a few more pieces of information, filled out the adventuring company application, and returned to the City Planning Office to get the company registered.

The next item on the to-do list that morning was briefly discussing how to expand their magical abilities. They had a few days to prepare for their mission, and Jason wanted to make it count.

"Okay," he started. "I think we should discuss our weaknesses and go from there."

"You're right. Okay, one of the biggest problems we both have is capacity. Our magic reserves are huge compared to Mareen, but in all our serious fights, we pretty much ran out of juice. I think you should probably ask the priestess Dolos sends a bunch of questions whenever she gets here, but before that, I have an idea to practice."

Jason was curious what his friend had to say. In the years they'd known each other, Jason had learned Henry had a kind of ingrained practicality that sometimes allowed him to think of things Jason never would. "Okay, I'm listening."

"The whole time we practiced on the way to Mirana, we were using magic to do big, flashy things. We were just learning at the time, and it was cool, but I think we should tone it down now. I think we should try using a whole bunch of little, controlled exercises to train our abilities."

"Okay, but Magic Control was one of the abilities we could increase before..."

"Yeah, but you got it, and I didn't. You should have some sort of noticeable increase in ability over me. I mean, I know we're comparing fucking apples to oranges with our powers, but I think we're pretty equal right now, and we shouldn't be. What if Control is actually how quickly you can train your abilities? What if it's your upper limit? We both got that blanket Magic Power ability.

"What if Magic Power is why we seem to be growing in capacity? What if we can make it grow faster?"

Jason thought back to all of his gaming experience. "What, you mean like raising stats?"

"No! This is real life. Stats are fucking stupid to even discuss. Don't make me slap you. I know you have more experience with this kind of general world type than me, but Dolos got his inspiration for this fucked up place from another civilization thousands of years ago or something, right? This world may be really similar to RPG games you're familiar with, but what if there are differences too? My gut is telling me that the skills we got via the orbs give us potential ability and maybe a boost to get there, not insta-power.

"Plus, when I first started changing my forearms, it took a while to do it. Now I can practically do it in the blink of an eye. I think I've been training the ability by using it so often."

Jason thought back and realized he had to concentrate less to teleport now. Henry might have been right. "Hmmm. It doesn't hurt to give it a shot. Okay, let's try it, but I want to talk about our functional weaknesses too, like in the effects we can produce."

"Yeah, you're kind of a one-trick pony right now, aren't you?"

It rankled, but Jason agreed. "Yes. What's more, my magic is really rare, so I doubt there are lists anywhere of things time or space mages can do. I mean, I'll keep an eye out for spell lists or whatever, but I need to come up with stuff from scratch now that we've exhausted the spell lists in our heads."

"You have 'consciousness' too. You do that mind-time mojo thing."

"True, but I'm kind of lacking in defense."

Henry frowned. "You mean other than the fact you can teleport away from anything?"

"Every time I do that, it takes more power depending on how far I go, though. Plus, it can be really disorienting if I do it a few times in a row. You heard Dolos. He's going to announce some sort of orb-Bonded death game to the world. I'm not sure what that means, but it doesn't sound good.

"All the other mages we've encountered so far have been pretty weak compared to us, but you said that you sensed Bezzi-ibbi's rekke, Kinwe-na-ibbi, is really powerful."

"His what?"

"His rekke, the word for non-birth mother. Come on, you should know this too."

Henry thought about it for a second and looked embarrassed. "Oh yeah. I'm still getting used to this whole 'knowing stuff I never actually learned' thing."

Jason sighed. Henry could be so frustrating at times. The man had an incredibly quick wit and was very intelligent, but he seemed to only use any of it for pissing people off. Good luck, Mareen. Jason chuckled.

"It's not that funny." Henry crossed his arms.

"No, it's something different. Never mind. Anyway, the point is we have no idea what we're going to be up against. What if we meet someone who has light magic and shoots lasers? What if someone chucks other people at us? What if someone can summon nightmare creatures? Plus, just because steel is scarce doesn't mean that guns don't exist. There are a lot of really scary possibilities.

"So yeah, I need to work on defense, and I think you need to work on ranged attacks. You should probably also start thinking about what you'd do if you fought someone who is as strong and fast as you. We probably need to start thinking about conventional weapons too."

"Yeah, about that... Let's go look at the armory and see what we can use." Jason nodded, and they headed across the huge Jaguar Clan house to look at weapons.

When they got to the armory, Yanno-ibbi was sitting on the floor with his legs crossed, carving an intricate pattern into the handle of a bronze pick-looking weapon. He gave a short bow from the floor. "Please excuse me if I don't get up. I try to get most of my work done early in the morning. I'd also like time to look in on Bezzi-ibbi today, so I'm trying to hurry."

Henry asked, "How is he doing?" The concern in his voice was obvious to Jason. It was amazing how Bezzi-ibbi had grown on them in such a short amount of time. It was an understatement to say the kid had already been through a lot, but he still kept smiling. He also seemed to legitimately care about Jason and Henry, and Jason could somehow just sense he was sincere.

The wild jaguar boy must have had nerves to steel to be so unaffected by the slaughter in the warehouse, much less do what he did with the ring.

Yanno-ibbi's face fell. "There has been no change, Henry-ibbi. But grieving for the living is disrespectful. Let us be about our business."

Jason thought he understood the sentiment. They shouldn't doubt Bezzi-ibbi as long as he kept fighting. "Okay, we are going to look around. We can take whatever we want, right?"

Yanno-ibbi answered, "Yes, but you will have to return or pay for what you take after your mission is complete."

Henry made a face. "That doesn't make a lot of sense. If we die, you don't get anything back. If we succeed, the Clan won't have any more money problems, right?"

"Henry-ibbi, please, the walls listen!" Yanno-ibbi looked pained. "If you keep this up, you will be named Truth-Hisser in truth and most will avoid you."

"Huh?"

Jason rolled his eyes. "Just let it drop. I think they have their reasons, and it's not like we're not getting anything out of this. We have to start somewhere."

Henry grumbled and walked over to inspect the room full of weapons and armor. Jason followed suit.

One of the first things Jason noticed was all the weapons were relatively short. He remembered that Bronze Age weapons on Earth tended to be relatively short too, and he was disappointed. Jason's preferred weapon over the last two years of practicing HEMA was the longsword; it suited his lanky body style well.

Still, now that he thought about it, a longer, slower weapon might not be optimal if he continued to use teleporting surprise strikes. He kept browsing his choices. At least there was a lot of variety in the room--too bad most of it wasn't all that impressive. He saw a few stone weapons and remembered bronze was expensive. His impression of the room rose when he realized how much wealth surrounded him.

Jason eventually picked out a whole slew of possible weapon options and saw Henry doing the same. They both took simple armor too. The breast plates they chose were bronze and attached with straps. The helms were made of thick leather with bone sewn on, possibly tusks. They were piling all of their choices onto a handy rug to carry out when Uluula swept in. She wore a purple tunic, her bare legs sporting sandals laced to her knees.

The men in the room all paused to watch her walk slowly in a circuit, examining the weapons on display. She had that kind of effect. She stopped about halfway around the room, choosing a spear with a thick bronze blade and a long, thin bronze knife, almost a stiletto.

She turned a challenging look at Henry and Jason. "I would like to take these if you will allow me to join your company. Perhaps some armor too."

Jason's brain didn't seem to be working right. He wanted to say something, but his mouth wouldn't move from its slightly open position. Henry rolled his eyes at him and challenged, "Why do you wanna join us?"

Uluula shrugged. "I originally came to this city to find work in the first place. You saved me. You are starting a company. I owe you a debt, and I still need work. It seems this is a mutually beneficial arrangement. I can fight, and I have a lot more experience than either of you at combat and logistics."

Henry bristled and said, "I used to be a soldier, lady."

Uluula looked at him with no expression at all. "Oh, did you now? Perhaps we can discuss that later. So about me joining, what say you?"

Henry smacked Jason on the shoulder, snapping him out of his daze. Jason thought Uluula's explanation sounded logical, and the truth was they could use some help. In fact, given the sensitive nature of the mission, they couldn't exactly find help outside of the Clan. He doubted many Clan members would go with them. The Clan would probably need every member they had if he and Henry failed. Plus it could be against the nature of the test or something.

Jason was still learning about Jaguar Clan culture, but he got the vibe that this mission had some sort of ritual significance. Of course, the fact they would be cleaning up a huge problem for the Clan was probably just icing on the cake.

"Yes, you may join our company." Jason just hoped Uluula and Henry would get along. He already sensed some conflict.

Uluula inclined her head and gestured to Yanno-ibbi. "I may take these weapons now, yes?"

"Since you are with them now you can. It still counts as their loan, though. Some leather armor is fine too."

Uluula nodded her understanding. She gathered up her choices and prepared to leave. On the way out the door, she stopped in front of Jason. "I have given it some thought. I am not opposed to you pursuing my attention, possibly leading to courting. Areva where I am from are very methodical about these things. I still think you may be a bit young for me, but it will not matter in another 100 years, much less 200. Plus, I think you're silly and strangely cute. Do you agree to this?"

Jason's brain was barely functioning, stuttering along like a desk fan submerged in honey. He hadn't felt this awkward around a female since he was a teen. How did she do this? "Ye-yes?" he stammered. Stupid, stupid Jason! He was getting ready to internally curse himself further when she shocked him by reaching up to gently touch his cheek.

"Good, that is settled. You now have my permission to shorten my name if you'd like." Uluula smiled, somehow letting him know she was teasing him but still serious. Her entire face lit up, her eyes twinkled, and Jason forgot where he was for a moment. He stared after her in a daze even when she was no longer in sight.

He came back to himself when he realized Henry was snickering. Yanno-ibbi just stared at him and slowly shook his head. "Trying to court an Areva aristocrat? Terrans truly do exceed Mo'hali in both bravery and stupidity. I'd rather try on a Hero ring."

Jason ignored them both and dragged his carpet out the door. They could laugh all they wanted. That woman was amazing. And as for the noble part... she said she was in the military. That meant she couldn't be a noble, right? Either way, it probably didn't matter since they were both on Ludus, but Jason did idly wonder what he was getting himself into.

Deep down, he knew he'd already made his decision, so the circumstances didn't really matter anymore. It just wasn't fair that he'd seen her naked before they'd even started-- what? Thinking about dating? They were, like, pre-pre-relationship? And people thought Terrans were crazy! He shook his head and kept dragging his pile of weapons outside.





Metal vs Stone

Henry sat on the ground outside, examining his new weapons. Jason was sitting on a bench on the other side of the Jaguar Clan house yard pretty much doing the same thing. He doubted his friend was concentrating very hard, though; Jason had Uluula on the brain. Henry thanked God he didn't have any female distractions or girls with plans for him. Maybe he'd consider dating again after they did their first job and he could actually afford to get a house or ye olde apartment. It could definitely wait, though.

These days, Henry liked blades much more than girls. He patted his scarred leg, lost in thought. Girls stabbed you in the back; blades didn't... at least not on their own. Henry realized his train of thought wasn't making a whole lot of sense, so he focused on the task at hand.

He was holding a khopesh. From his HEMA history studies, Henry knew it was a sword of Egyptian design that was made of bronze on Earth before the Egyptians transitioned to better metals. The weapon itself was sort of like a cross between and axe and a sword. He'd chosen it because it was one of the more substantial swords in the Jaguar Clan armory and he liked the feel of it. The khopesh had weight and presence but wasn't awkward feeling to Henry like an axe would have been.

Normally Henry wasn't a fan of bronze weapons in general. They were inferior to steel weapons in almost every way, one of the worst being edge retention. Ancient smiths on Earth and apparently modern smiths on Ludas hammered the edges of bronze weapons to increase strength and durability, but so far Henry had found that bronze weapons dulled fast and were hard to sharpen.

Luckily for him, he had metal magic mojo.

He ran a finger along the blade of the khopesh, giving the sword a razor sharp edge. Normally someone would have had to worry about rolling or chipping the blade of a sword if it was too sharp, but Henry could easily repair it so it wasn't a big deal.

He put the sword down as he got an idea. If he could move around metal in blades, maybe he could shape metal more directly. He picked up a small knife and concentrated while he released a slow trickle of power. "Oh, hell yes!" he whispered. He could mold the bronze like clay. This could come in handy...

Henry spent the next hour playing with his new ability. He eventually realized he could help guide the shape of whatever he was forming with his imagination. He still had to use his hands, and there was definitely skill involved, but by the time he was done with shaping a new dagger, it actually looked like someone had crafted it. He didn't ending up with shapeless blobs of material which was what his creations would have looked like if he'd been playing with clay back on Earth.

He glanced over at Jason. His friend had put his weapons off to the side and was sitting in his familiar meditating pose. Henry still thought Jason's approach to learning magic was dumb, but it got undeniable results. Henry would always be more of a hands-on person.

Speaking of which... he concentrated and... success! He changed the top of just his index finger into bronze. Then he focused, changing the metal to steel. The materials he had easy magic access to really did seem somehow linked to the metals around him. He still thought he could probably manifest metals that weren't nearby, but it'd take a lot more mojo. Maybe all he had.

His big breakthrough came while he was picking up more materials to break apart and sculpt into bronze stick figures. As he picked up a handful of bronze spikes, one attached to the steel on his index finger. What the... When he dropped the rest of the spikes, the one stuck to his finger remained and was solidly attached. Well I'll be... With a thought, he made the spike fall from his finger.

After a bit more experimentation, he realized he'd picked up the spike with the end of his finger when he was trying to grab as much material as he could, unwittingly using his magic to help. The fact he was able to join ferrous and nonferrous metals was interesting indeed. Even magnets couldn't do what he was doing. He thought about his arm spikes and got an idea.

Henry turned the top of one forearm to steel, grabbed a bronze dagger, and tried to attach it. Success! It not only worked, it was easy to do and took almost no magic mojo either. He thought about ways he could use this new ability for over several minutes. Blades weren't all that useful; he could already make those when he needed to, and anything he wanted to attach to himself he'd have to carry. Sure, if he stayed pumped up on earth 'roids, he could carry all kinds of crap, but that took a lot of energy to maintain and wasn't very practical.

He did have a possible solution for his magic earth-strength problems, but he wanted to try it later. Plus, even if he could carry lots of blades around to attach to himself, they'd be bulky and conspicuous.

Then he remembered what Jason had said, how Henry needed ranged abilities. His friend was right. Henry had lots of power, but chucking rocks around was inefficient. More importantly, he couldn't hit shit. It was frustrating how he couldn't throw for beans but he was an expert marksman. If only he had guns... His eyes widened. No way, it couldn't be that simple.

Henry got to work, his new theory rolling around his mind like a washing machine. What he wanted to try would definitely require some trial and error to get right if it even worked at all.

What he eventually created was a handful of bronze balls made by rolling the metal between two palms, similar to what he'd done with mud as a child. He also made a bronze tube slightly shorter than his forearm with an inner diameter the same size as the bronze balls. The balls themselves were about the size of .50 caliber musket balls on Earth.

He put a ball in the end of the tube and shook it around to make sure it wouldn't fall out. Then he attached the tube to his steel forearm with magic. Yes, by canting his arm a little bit, he could look right down the top of the tube as if he was sighting down a gun barrel. He felt it was time for a test fire.

He slowly exerted power on the ball, increasing it in small increments. Nothing happened at first, but when the ball finally overcame the friction of the tube and accelerated, it traveled the entire length and shot out with a pop. Since he'd intentionally dialed down the power, the ball exited at about standard throwing speed, and Henry was able to get up and retrieve the ball.

The friction in the tube was obviously slowing the ball down and making it harder to fire, but more importantly, his idea had worked! Henry began experimenting some more. It helped that he could keep reusing the same material over again. It took him longer to create larger items, but molding the metal wasn't really requiring much magic. It was a surprisingly efficient ability.

Henry played around with a few basic variations to his idea. He concentrated on smoothing the "barrel" of the tube right past the point where the ball was retained. That seemed to help a lot with firing. He tried adding rifling to the inside of the tube, but that was a disaster. He didn't seem to have the control or refinement for it yet.

For better aiming, he eventually created a platform of sorts, a wedge on the bottom of the tube that kept the barrel aligned straight with his eyes while he aimed. It added some weight, but he knew it would make the entire contraption far more accurate. He made a bunch of balls; Henry figured he could carry a lot of those. He created a total of four identical barrels to match the balls he'd produced.

Reloading the barrel on his arm with a ball from his pocket was pretty fast. He could take a barrel off of his arm and replace it with another loaded barrel even faster. One barrel's weight on his arm he barely even noticed, but if he attached all 4, it started getting heavy and aiming became awkward. Overall, Henry was satisfied with the potential functionality and flexibility of the weapon system.

However, he wanted to try a few more things before full-power practical testing. He made one large, special barrel--roughly three times the size of his standard barrels. This didn't take him too long since it was just a larger version of what he'd already made several copies of. Then he started experimenting with the ammo.

The balls he created for the bigger barrel were massive and heavy. In fact, he thought they'd be seriously overkill for most of the monsters he'd seen so far. The thing was, he wanted to be prepared in case some big dragon motherfucker popped up out of nowhere. For overkill, a bigger version of his standard ammo was not enough.

The smaller balls in his smaller tubes would probably work fine out to at least 50 yards, but he wanted his larger projectiles to be more accurate than balls fired out of smooth bore barrels. Since Henry's tubes weren't rifled, he needed some way to stabilize the larger projectile.

After pondering the problem for a while, he got his inspiration from tank-fired sabot rounds. He'd seen a video or two about them in the past and remembered they had fins. He also thought about how arrows worked, how an arrow's fletching imparted spin.

What he came up with looked sort of like a miniature elongated football with a tail and fins. He canted the fins so passing air would make it spin and stabilize the thing. The projectile was huge and heavy, almost as long as its barrel. Its obvious drawback--if it worked--was that it was made of bronze, a relatively soft metal. What he really wanted to do was change it into steel but as soon as he stopped feeding magic into it, it'd start decaying. What if I can make it tougher and denser?

Henry tried adding small bits of bronze to his finished projectile. First he stuck them to the outside of the object and concentrated to absorb them into the weapon. He focused most at the tip and fins for added penetration and durability. It definitely worked, but the damn thing just kept getting heavier. It was probably several times the weight of the largest rock he'd thrown during the fight with the demon wolves.

Despite the weight, he thought it should be okay. All he'd tried accelerating before was rocks, but his actual magic school was Metal, not Earth. He had a feeling throwing bronze around was going to be a great deal easier than rocks.

Henry had one more thing to do before he could call his project complete. First, he went back into the house and asked the first maid he saw for some spare cloth. While he was waiting for that, he constructed a retaining system for his barrels using bronze and leather. When he added the whole thing to his belt, each barrel snapped into place into the C retainers he'd created.

Forward of the barrels as a small tube he fashioned with a bit larger diameter than his standard-size projectile balls. He made a small spring-loaded door for the bottom of the tube to keep the balls from falling out that could be opened to grab one at a time. The result was a convenient ammo tube he could operate with one hand. It held a total of ten balls.

The maid from the house returned with some thick tan cloth. Henry used it to fashion a crude but effective bag to hold the extra balls he created. Lastly, he created two more large armor-busting projectile prototypes. He created retaining clips for these on his holster rig too, but there was only room for two. Perfect. He placed the last projectile in its oversized tube and loaded the other four barrels with ammo balls as well. All done.

He stood up and donned his armor, just a breastplate and a helm. He armed himself with a few knives and the khopesh. He also fixed the large shield he'd taken from the Jaguar Clan armory to his left arm. All of it together was fairly heavy. He would be able to handle it okay in a fight, especially with the addition of his magic, but traveling with this amount of gear plus provisions on foot wouldn't be ideal.

He remembered that knights during the medieval period on Earth generally didn't wear their armor all time; they put it on if they needed it. Unfortunately, Henry didn't have a squire nor much time to put on gear if shit hit the fan. He had a plan, though.

The tickles of an idea had come to him right after he'd gotten to the Jaguar Clan and was still holding his earth strength. As he gradually became less worried about a Clan member trying to tear his throat out again, he began relaxing his power without releasing it and was mildly surprised that he could do so.

So now, standing in his full fighting gear, he tried absorbing power from the earth at only about twenty percent of his maximum strength. It took some time, but the experiment was successful. Henry moved his body and swung his arms back and forth. Even with all his gear on, now he felt like he could function easily all day.

A surprising and welcome benefit to this new ability was how little magic power it used. Cranking himself up to be as strong and as fast as possible usually consumed a large amount of his total reserves. However, dialing the power of the ability down like this required a relatively small amount of power, less than he'd thought it would. He reasoned that the amount of power needed for the ability increased proportionally the faster he buffed himself. Since he'd only used strength from the earth at maximum power before, it had drained him significantly.

As an experiment, Henry tried slowly dialing up his earth strength until he hit his maximum. "Wow," he whispered. Increasing his strength slowly used less than half the power it took to go directly to his max immediately. No wonder he and Jason kept using up all their power! They didn't know what they were doing and still had a lot to learn.

He walked over to Jason and kicked his friend's foot. "Hey, are you done communing with nature or the cosmos or whatever? I think I might have solved my range problem, and I think you'll want to see this."

Jason opened his eyes and cocked an eyebrow. "Sure. But first, please throw a rock at me."

"What?"

Jason stood up. "You heard me, throw a rock at me. Don't use magic, just a normal throw."

Henry eyed Jason skeptically but dutifully stepped back, found a rock, and let fly with his natural strength. The rock sailed past Jason about five feet away, not even close to hitting him. Jason eyed where the rock landed. "Really?"

"Shut up, dude. You know I have aiming issues." Henry dug another rock out of the ground and concentrated carefully before throwing it. This time, it was only a moderately horrible throw. The rock might have brushed Jason's shoulder if it hadn't stopped in midair and fallen to the ground. The area in front of Jason looked sort of opaque and Jason's eyes were narrowed, his jaw clenched. As soon as the area in front of him returned to normal, the strain vanished from his face.

Henry was impressed. "What was that?"

"I'm calling it null-time. I think I'm basically stopping the flow of time in a small area that's only an atom or two thick, but even that's a strain. The result is a barrier. Of course, all of this was theoretical until I just tried it out."

"Then why the fuck did you tell me to throw a rock at you?"

Jason grinned. "Because you can't hit shit. I knew if it didn't work I would've been fine."

Henry frowned and thought, This smug bastard right here... "I can't hit anything, huh? Okay, let's go over to that rock." Henry pointed to the huge fifteen-foot-by-fifteen-foot rock at the corner of the Jaguar Clan estate.

Henry had been planning to test his standard-size barrels at full power first, but Jason had pissed him off. He slapped his larger barrel with the armor penetrating projectile onto his steel forearm. Jason looked at the contraption curiously but didn't say anything.

Henry positioned himself about fifty yards away from the large rock. He stared at it for a while, hoping he wasn't about to make a fool of himself. Oh well, fuck it. He took careful aim and used magic to launch the projectile like with the accelerated rocks. In an effort to be safe-ish, he kept the power to about fifty percent.

What happened next would enter legend and song in the Jaguar Clan for generations. As it turned out, Henry's magic affinity with metal was much greater than he'd assumed. His heavy, ultra-dense bronze projectile was instantly accelerated to about the same speed and power as a small tank's main cannon.

The sonic boom and the SPLIT-CRASH of the round punching into the rock made the ground tremble, shook the surrounding trees, and kicked up leaves from the ground. Sharp shards of rock flew past Henry and Jason, a particularly large piece flying over two hundred yards into the air before falling back to the ground. A cloud of demolished stone billowed out from the point of impact.

When the dust settled, a new crater had been pounded out of the target over a gaping hole. Large cracks expanded both above and below the impact point. Small, sad pieces of broken stone continued to rain to the ground for an absurdly long time.

Jason swallowed and said in a monotone, "How about you don't do that again anytime soon?"

Henry mutely nodded. He was excited that his invention was so effective, but he was also aware that the test-firing could have gone very, very wrong. Without a proper backdrop or the fact he'd fired at a slight downward angle, who knew how much damage he could have done. His projectile could have torn through an entire line of houses like they were made of paper.

Both men stood quietly for a while lost in thought. Henry wondered if Jason's new null-time ability would have stopped this new weapon. Maybe his friend was wondering the same thing.

He was brought out of his reverie by approaching footsteps. He turned to find the maid Tita-abbi regarding the rock in horror. Behind her, he could see several other Mo'hali who'd come out of the house staring at them in silence.

"Who did this?" Tita-abbi's voice shook.

Jason mutely pointed at his friend. Henry raised a hand and said, "Guilty. I hope this rock wasn't special."

Tita-abbi shook her head. "The rock is not important. Henry-ibbi, what have you unleashed upon the world?"





Message in a Bottle

Jason dodged another slashing attack and teleported back. He knew teleporting behind his opponent didn't usually work anymore--his friend was too quick. Henry was full of power from the earth, stronger and faster than a normal person. He was getting better at using his enhanced senses too and could actually hear the air being displaced as Jason teleported most of the time now. They were both training in earnest.

Henry slapped a bronze tube onto his steel-covered right forearm and took aim. Jason knew what was coming and slammed a null-time barrier in place. Henry's bronze projectile hit the barrier and dropped harmlessly to the ground. Jason released the barrier so he could conserve energy. Holding the thing in place drained magic power and was like keeping a muscle flexed in his head.

Henry nodded in appreciation. "That was a good block. You're getting a lot faster. If that was a full power shot, I think it barely would have gotten through, but you're almost there." Henry picked the bronze ball up from the ground and put it back into the cylinder on his arm. Then he detached the cylinder and snapped it in back into place on his belt holster with several other tubes.

Jason sheathed his daggers and glanced over at Uluula doing exercises with her spear. She came out to exercise the same day Henry had scared the hell out of half the Jaguar Clan by pulverizing the huge rock. That had been two days ago. She'd pretty much kept to herself since then with the exception of talking to Jason for a few minutes every night before retiring to her room. Everything between them was off to a slow start.

He and Henry had been sparring almost nonstop. They were both worried about the comatose Bezzi-ibbi, but there wasn't anything to do other than continue to prepare for their mission. They both stayed busy--it was more productive than just moping around. They also discovered they could get an absurd amount of training done in a day due to their enhanced endurance. Both men's healing abilities allowed them to recover from muscle pains and small wounds almost instantly too.

Sometimes to stay grounded, Jason reminded himself that all his superhuman abilities were just from the Dhu hanging out inside of him. He wasn't entirely clear on where or what Dhu were, but remembering that his healing abilities were supplied by extra-dimensional parasites was humbling.

Off to the side, Mareen sat on a bench and studied a sheaf of paperwork. She was taking her job as the Delvers, LLC day-to-day manager very seriously. Jason wasn't really happy about the fact she seemed to think he and Henry were both idiots since it was obviously only Henry was an idiot. Still, she'd been enormously helpful, so he kept his grumbling to himself.

She'd even interviewed Henry and Jason about the cost of goods on Earth and the currency they were familiar with back home, the US dollar. It turned out that Mareen was great at math and could effortlessly keep track of all the conversion rates in the Earth-style legal pad she'd gotten from somewhere in the Jaguar Clan house.

She said she was happy to help make Ludus less confusing to her employer.

Now whenever she talked to Henry and Jason about how much things cost or what they could earn from their mission, she used familiar units of currency. She did the same with units of measurement.

The previous day, when she'd seen Mareen crunching numbers, Uluula mentioned in passing that she could do the same type of math in her head but she was not interested in playing mother to anyone. Henry bristled, and Jason was starting to worry that the friction between Henry and Uluula was growing. He secretly thought they might be too similar in some ways to ever be friends.

Jason came back to the present and squared up against Henry again, determined to win this match. They used their real weapons that Henry blunted with magic. It still hurt to get hit, drawing blood or breaking bones, but Henry said they had to get used to being wounded so they wouldn't be afraid of it. Jason thought he had a point. Plus, Mareen was off to the side and could heal. She wasn't very powerful, but she didn't need to be to help with training injuries.

Jason and Henry weren't exactly pulling their strikes, but they weren't trying to kill each other either. It was a delicate balance that would have taken a lot longer to find without all their fencing experience.

"Are you ready?" Jason prepped himself mentally for the fight. His Magic Control had grown by leaps and bounds, but it still helped to center before each conflict. Jason's short sword, daggers, and throwing knives were already in place. He could feel their familiar weight.

"Just a sec," Henry said, adjusting his gear. In addition to the armor he wore, he also had his projectile system, his khopesh, shield, and a few knives. He hadn't used any of his knives yet, but Jason hadn't forgotten about them. Henry was a tricky bastard and had a real knack for hand-to-hand fighting. Apparently satisfied with his gear, Henry said, "Ready!"

Jason immediately sprang into action; he wanted to try something new. He teleported, and after the familiar wrenching sensation stopped, he was in the air two hundred to three hundred yards above Henry. The energy and focus needed to teleport this far was still draining, but it'd be worth it. He pulled a few throwing knives from the sheaths around his legs and tossed them up into the air in a wide pattern. He grinned and thought, This is going to be fun, but I only have a few seconds.

Then he teleported behind Henry, drawing and cutting with his short sword in one smooth motion. He also slightly shortened the travel time and distance of his swing with magic, resulting in a brutally fast attack at Henry's flank. His friend's blood-stained pants were proof that this sort of attack had been successful before. Not this time, though.

Henry didn't even move his body much. He just twisted his shield to stop the slash and jerked his other hand into the air, palm up. Jason had already teleported, though, so the small explosion of rocks and dirt where he'd been standing didn't touch him.

Jason regarded Henry from about ten feet away and slowed his perception of time. This next part would be tricky. Henry's shield was very effective at blocking most bladed attacks, and Jason no longer carried a larger, longer blade. Good thing he could cheat.

He sheathed his sword and pulled a throwing knife into each hand. He threw one knife off to the side, concentrating and flexing what he'd started to think of his "magic muscle". The knife disappeared and reappeared low in front of Henry, flying at an upward angle. Henry grunted and bent down to block the knife on his chest armor all while keeping his eyes on Jason.

Jason immediately teleported behind Henry so he couldn't bring his magic cannons to bear. Once he reappeared, he began hammering out throwing knifes, teleporting them all around his friend with different, confusing vectors. Henry used his strength, speed, and senses to skillfully block or evade every attack.

Jason teleported to Henry's side opposite his shield and swung his sword in a golden, glittering arc at his friend's sword arm. Henry managed to twist his weird, curvy sword around to block and pivoted on one foot, striking at Jason's face with his shield. Jason smiled. Gotcha! He held a bare hand up to block the shield, generating a small shield of null-time. Henry's eyes widened in surprise when his powerful strike was stopped cold, his whole body shuddering from rebounding torque.

Jason had used a lot of magic to pull that stunt and needed to capitalize on it. He sprung forward, aiming his sword thrust at Henry's thigh. He really thought he might score a hit, but Henry dove out of the way, rolling before springing back to his feet. His friend narrowed his eyes, slapping a gun barrel to his forearm. Henry was about to start shooting again, and Jason knew he'd probably be screwed. Henry's new guns were just ridiculously effective.

Jason threw another knife and teleported it at Henry's face. Henry just raised the corner of his shield in a blur, knocking the blade aside while still bringing his arm up to shoot at Jason.

That was when Jason's tricky plan paid off. A bronze throwing knife bounced off Henry's helmet from above, and he blinked in confusion.

Jason knew Henry's enhanced hearing could pick up air being displaced by teleportation up to about a hundred yards away. That was why he'd teleported so far up in the air at the beginning of the fight. Henry had no idea where Jason had gone at the start of the duel. The knives he'd thrown into the air were finally falling around Henry, creating chaos. Jason was betting the sound of knives hitting the ground and plinking off armor would confuse his friend's hearing. Henry raised his shield above his head and made a fatal mistake. He looked up.

As soon as his friend was distracted, Jason simultaneously threw a knife in either hand out to the side, teleporting them to Henry's flanks, one angled up and one down. That done, he teleported himself.

Henry somehow managed to block the two thrown knives, but Jason tapped him on the shoulder with his sword from behind. Jason was glad he didn't have to draw blood. Time they didn't spend healing they could use for more training.

Henry stood still, and Jason grinned. His EMT-turned-mage friend came out ahead in most of their matches, but this time Jason had won hands down. He was about to gloat when he heard someone say, "I'm glad you Terrans aren't completely useless." The worlds were spoken in English. With slow clapping.

Jason and Henry both turned to see a tan-skinned Areva woman dressed in a brown lace crop top and faded jean shorts. She had some of her long hair tied up in a top knot and three dark streaks ran from the bottom of each eye to her cheek bones. She had a simple U-shaped design on her forehead of the same dark hue. Jason couldn't tell whether the designs were makeup, tattoos, or something else.

She was tall for an Areva woman, probably just under five feet, and stood nonchalantly in dusty cowboy boots. After she stopped clapping, she munched on an apple she'd been holding under one arm. Completing her odd appearance, she wore a large, ornate gold necklace with a complicated sigil at its center.

And she was standing next to a robot.

The robot looked like a giant floating egg made of shiny metal. The top of its pointed body sported a dome covered in some sort of reflective material. It didn't have any obvious appendages until a small port on its body opened and a flexible arm shot out, its three clawed fingers holding something.

The woman kept munching on her apple, talking with her mouth full. "Don't mind the 'bot. It's mostly just here to make sure I actually came to meet you since I didn't really want to go. At least I got some Terrans to babysit, though. Dolos hates you, but I think you're interesting. I'm your priestess, obviously. You can call me Keeja."

She snatched what the Dolosbot was holding away and stuck her apple core on one of its claws. "Now get out of here, you obsolete, useless pile of garbage! I came here like a good girl. Go tell Dolos I'm not going anywhere. These two have some potential."

She jumped up and gave the floating robot a solid kick. The Dolosbot tipped a bit and rattled before righting itself and floating away. Jason thought the entire scene was a bit surreal. He glanced up and saw Mareen was rooted in place while shock and fear moved across her face. Uluula's expression was more guarded and serious. That's right. Dolosbots are like boogeymen on this planet... And Keeja had just kicked one like it was a stray dog.

The priestess in cowboy boots bounced the object she took from the Dolosbot up and down on one hand. It was round and looked ceramic. She switched from English to Luda, "Okay, which one of you is Henry? Asian, right? Ah, that must be you." She nodded at Henry and tossed the object to him. "Catch."

Henry dropped his sword to catch the ceramic sphere. He held it up and asked, "What's this?"

Keeja smiled. "I believe you asked Dolos for a message. Press the top."

Henry shrugged and did as she said. The sphere clicked, and an image of his mother appeared in a hospital bed over his hand.

Jason gasped when he saw Mrs. Sato. She looked frail and painfully thin, but there was color in her cheeks and her spirit seemed undiminished. "Is this thing on?" Her heavily accented English rattled out in a quick staccato that Jason would have recognized anywhere. "I can just talk and hold this ball, and Henry will see, right?"

She was definitely Henry's mom.

"Okay. Okay. Hi, Henry!" She waved at the area in front of her. "I got your letter, and I want to let you know I am okay! What you did worked good, and the doctors say my cancer is gone! They saying it a miracle, but I know the nice man who gave me the thing to drink was telling the truth. He say it would heal me and you made him give it.

"I wish you could be here to see this, but I know you working hard whea-ebaa you are.

This nice man told me you took care of the hospital bills and got me a cure! I don't know how you did everything, but I am not surprised. You always have been a problem solver. I am very very, very, very proud of you, and your dad would be also! You saved my life and saved my retirement. You are amazing. My boy is amazing."

Mrs. Sato continued to smile, but her expression got more serious, and she started shaking her finger at the air in front of her as if Henry were there. "But you always do this kind of thing! You just disappear with no word, no nothing, and then one day I'm cured? It is not your job to fix the world, Henry! It is not your job to fix everything. You have to live your life! You are in big trouble when you come home!"

Mrs. Sato paused for a moment and slowly began to cry. "You hear me? You come home one day. I know what you do now is probably very important, but you come back to see mama, okay? I love you. Please be safe. I love you, Henry. I will wait to see you. You will always be my hero." She tried to say something more, but emotion made her voice too thick, and she just cried for a few seconds before the recording stopped.

Henry stared at the sphere for a while with tears rolling down his cheeks. Jason was happy that Mrs. Sato would be okay, but he also felt awkward watching his friend's emotional moment. Jason also pretended he didn't have unshed tears of his own after seeing Mrs. Sato's message.

Finally Henry coughed and roughly wiped his eyes. He asked, "She's going to be healthy now, right?"

Keeja nodded seriously. "That was the deal. Now you just need to hold up your side of the bargain."

Henry's eyes got hard, and his voice was ice cold when he replied, "I understand. I made a deal with the devil. No regrets. So be it."

Jason was about to ask one of the many, many questions he had when the door to the Jaguar Clan house burst open and Tita-abbi hollered, "Bezzi-ibbi woke up! He is asking for Henry-ibbi and Jason-ibbi!"

To her credit, the maid seemed to notice the strange atmosphere almost immediately after her announcement. She scratched one pointed Mo-hali ear in confusion when everyone didn't immediately make a ruckus over the announcement.

Then she saw Keeja.

Tita-abbi began shaking in fear and bowed low. "Forgive my intrusion, Great One." Jason was curious about Tita-abbi's reaction. How had she known who Keeja was? Could it have been the markings on her face? Maybe the necklace?

He shook his head. All of his questions could wait. He wanted to see Bezzi-ibbi and make sure the kid was alright. He turned to Keeja and said, "Well, if you are going to be our babysitter, you can start babysitting. We're going to visit our little friend who just woke up. You're free to stay out here or come inside or whatever. I'm guessing you won't be going far, though."

Keeja regarded him levelly. "Nobody has talked to me with that level of familiarity in hundreds of years."

Jason rolled his eyes and in the back of his mind started worrying that maybe Henry was rubbing off on him too much. "Well, maybe you should work on your people skills then. Look, lady, I'm done being intimidated. I'm sure you're a badass, overpowered master of destruction or whatever, but I just really don't care right now. We're going inside to see our friend, and I'd like to talk to you later. I think we'll save time if you stay close so we can have a chat."

He turned and asked Tita-abbi, "She can come inside, right?"

Tita-abbi looked like she was about to pass out. "She is a priestess of Dolos. She can go wherever she wants."

"Okay, good. Keeja, you can come inside, but if you make a fuss, we won't cooperate with you.

"I'm not against working with you, but I want to establish right now that this is a partnership, and I really don't care how powerful or connected you are. Dolos made it clear his hands are tied and we're going to be the ones doing the heavy lifting over the next few years. It's bad enough I got kidnapped, stuck on this world, and then asked a favor by Mr. Clothing Explosion. I'm not going to be anyone's slave."

Keeja glared at Jason levelly before covering her face with a hand. "Maybe I should have run away after all," she groaned.





Ancient Eyes

Jason was seriously tired of the wagon's rocking motion. He also didn't enjoy dealing with the weird ox things that most wagons on Ludus were pulled by. Their name in Luda was "yucka," but Jason called them "nasty-oxen" in his head. He appreciated how hardy and strong they were, probably a necessity on a monster-infested hellhole like Ludus. In fact, the very real possibility that nasty-oxen were the result of some monster getting frisky with an innocent cow or buffalo many years ago was something he didn't care to think about.

They were on a road heading south, away from Mirana, and their group was in two wagons. The first wagon up front could be covered if needed; the rear wagon was uncovered and full of wooden boxes. The boxes were very impressive looking but packed with straw--perfect bait for their bandit trap.

Most of the women in the party were acting as guards and stayed with the uncovered wagon. Jason and Henry were tasked with driving the lead wagon, completing the illusion that they were a micro caravan for a rich family or a side project for a merchant's son. The idea was to make their group look like an easy, enticing target.

As he learned to sway with the wagon, Jason watched the farmers working their fields and examined the long, wavy vegetation by the side of the road with interest. Ludus always seemed to be some strange combination of the familiar and the alien to him. He recognized some of the vegetation they passed, and some he didn't. Same with the birds and the crops the farmers were growing.

It was a strange feeling to know that one day he might not notice the differences between Ludus and Earth anymore.

Their group had departed from Mirana early in the morning. Jason was impressed by how fast they'd mobilized, but then again, everything for the mission had been more or less ready to go before Bezzi-ibbi had woken up. Bezzi-ibbi had insisted they leave as soon as possible and demanded he come along. He pointed out that at least one Jaguar Clan member had to be with the wagons in case someone was specifically targeting Clan caravans. In fact, thinking of him now...

Jason glanced up to where Bezzi-ibbi was riding on top of the covered wagon, his weight balanced on two of the wooden "ribs" that formed the wagon's roof structure. The rolled-up cloth cover allowed Jason to see the boy clearly.

Bezzi-ibbi had fresh clothing. He wasn't wearing a suit like when Jason had first met him nor the more relaxed robe he'd worn in the Jaguar Clan house. Instead, he was sporting a dark, button-up shirt rolled to the elbows, a white tie, and a striped vest to match his striped slacks. In a world where most people wore simple, serviceable clothing, Bezzi-ibbi stood out like a sore thumb. What was more, the mark of his Hero ring was obvious.

Jason swallowed down a pang of guilt as he studied the Mo'hali boy's silvery gauntlet. From the tips of his fingers to past his elbow, Bezzi-ibbi's entire left arm was covered in metal or had perhaps turned to metal. Jason wasn't entirely sure. The whole arm was so bright and shiny Jason thought it looked like mercury; the metal seemed to move and undulate at times too. Bezzi-ibbi was reluctant to talk about the arm, so everyone avoided the subject for the time being. They were all just happy he was alive.

Since Bezzi-ibbi had woken and until they got on the road, there'd been utter chaos at the Jaguar Clan house. The Clan seemed to be collectively amazed, proud, worried, and furious with Bezzi-ibbi. They did not want him going on Henry and Jason's mission, but Bezzi-ibbi had come anyway. From what Jason could understand, a legitimate Mo'Hali Hero was considered to be a champion of all Mo'hali people until they retired. Bezzi-ibbi's Clan could not forbid him to do anything anymore. The same tradition and ceremony that they'd used to keep him safe in the past now worked against them.

Before they'd left, Bezzi-ibbi's father, mothers, and a handful of siblings whose names Jason had already forgotten crowded him and Henry into a room. They'd asked them to take care of Bezzi-ibbi, but the request had sounded a lot like a threat. Jason could have sworn that Hajim-ibbi flexed his claws slightly when he'd squeezed Jason's shoulder. The feeling had not been pleasant.

From the top of the wagon, Bezzi-ibbi grinned at him and jumped down to the driver's seat, his movements lithe and precise. Sometimes Jason was taken aback by how loudly Bezzi-ibbi's mannerisms seemed to scream "predator." The boy patted Jason with his natural hand as he sat and said, "Family."

Jason looked at Bezzi-ibbi curiously. "You know, we all know that you can speak fluent Luda now. While you were in the coma, we also learned that your brothers and sisters even respect your ability with languages. Why the act?"

Bezzi-ibbi grimaced, and his voice came out haltingly. "It's not act. I hate speak Luda. I had bad language teacher. Didn't like Mo'hali."

"So even now, you're speaking Luda slightly broken as... what, a protest?"

Bezzi-ibbi grinned widely, showing his fangs. "Yes!" He nodded and patted Jason again. "Family!"

"You're a weird kid, you know that?" At the last moment, Jason changed the actual word he used from "kid" to Luda slang for "child". He'd almost accidentally called Bezzi-ibbi a baby goat. Jason didn't ever want to get the same confused, slightly concerned expressions people gave Henry sometimes. His friend didn't pay close enough attention to what he actually said in Luda.

Jason was about to ask Bezzi-ibbi about their route when another weight settled onto the bench. Bezzi-ibbi's expression immediately became guarded as he studied their vistor. Jason turned to see Keeja nonchalantly eating an apple. He wondered how she always seemed to have fruit on hand.

"You know," she munched for a while before continuing, "you could just teach the boy English. I already speak it, you and Henry do, Mareen is halfway there, and Uluula can learn pretty much any spoken language in a couple weeks due to the hardware in her head." Keeja pointed at her temple. Then she looked thoughtfully at her apple core before throwing it to the side of the road and scooting her hips against Jason's. She leaned back and put her arm around him.

Jason sat still for a moment in surprise before he snorted. He looked at her levelly. "Okay, teach Bezzi-ibbi English, that makes sense. Why are you helping us, though?"

"Oh, you're no fun at all!" Keeja moved back to her end of the bench and pouted. "Your friend is much more entertaining. I find it interesting that his reactions are much more animated despite my assumption he has more experience with women than you. Either way, Terrans are all prudes."

Jason shook his head. "I'm not even going to ask how you know about our love lives. However, I think you're misunderstanding something, and I highly doubt you're making him uncomfortable. If you teased him and he tried to act proper, it was probably because he didn't want to infringe on your honor or something. Henry has strong feelings about chivalry."

Keeja blinked at Jason for a couple seconds before she threw her head back, choking out peals of laughter. Jason shared a glance with Bezzi-ibbi and stared forward resolutely until Keeja had herself under control again. "Ah, I needed that! You think your friend is really trying to protect my honor? I'm almost two thousand five hundred years old, and I went through an... experimental phase. I have no honor to protect, I assure you."

She chuckled a bit more and shook her head. "It's incredibly boring being stuck on Ludus as an immortal. I'd say you wouldn't understand, but that would be an understatement. Then again, if you don't get yourself killed, maybe you will one day. You know, I was going to abandon you as soon as the 'bot left yesterday, but I actually saw something interesting. The way you and Henry are using your orbs is very creative."

"Thanks... I think." Jason gave the nasty-ox's reins an idle flick. "I'd like you to answer my question, though. Why help us?"

Keeja frowned and said, "I originally pegged you as a thinker, but you still aren't very smart, are you? I already answered your question.

"You already know I was instructed to come here in the first place. I'm just doing my job, not going above and beyond. My choice was to stay with you instead of taking off and letting you die.

"But more importantly, I'm bored, Terran, and it's worth my time to help you stay alive if you keep entertaining me. I'm one of the oldest of my sisters on this planet, and all we ever do is work in a lab or attend meetings or set up experiment props. It's terrible. 'Priestess,' they call me. Ha!

"Well, you are a priestess aren't you? I mean, you're one of the heads of a religion, right? And you follow a god we've actually met in person..."

Keeja rolled her eyes at him. "Do you always believe everything you hear? Also, what makes you think I had any kind of real choice with this whole 'priestess' thing?"

"Well, everyone seems to be awfully afraid of you..."

She studied Jason for a moment. "You know, like all the other priestesses, I keep track of every orb-Bonded on Ludus, including yourself. Intellectually I know that you and your chivalrous friend have been on this planet for less than a month. However, most Ludus immigrants are still pissing themselves over monsters or trying to find a way to make money by this point. I should try to remember that you two aren't normal. I keep forgetting that you still really don't know much about this planet."

She seemed to gather her thoughts for a couple seconds and said, "Jason Booth, I'm not feared because I'm a priestess of Dolos. I'm feared because I am one of the most powerful beings on this planet." Keeja raised her arm straight up. The space in front of her hand flickered, and an enormous torrent of energy burst upwards, the solid bar of blinding green light almost instantly penetrating a cloud high in the sky. The energy stopped after just a brief pulse, and Jason watched in astonishment as the tatters of the superheated cloud slowly dispersed.

Jason was not a scientist, but he had enough working knowledge of physics to know that what he'd just seen was terrifying. The energy Keeja had unleashed could probably have reduced an entire town to a smoking ruin within moments.

But she still wasn't done. So quickly he couldn't follow the motion, Keeja snatched one of Jason's bronze knives away in a blur. She held the knife up and slowly, deliberately, pressed the blade down on her arm and cut. Jason knew the knife was razor sharp, but Keeja didn't have a scratch on her.

She flipped the knife around and handed it to back Jason handle first. Jason slowly, carefully, sheathed the blade and asked, "What are you?"

"Once, I was just an Areva girl with dreams." Keeja looked wistful. "Now I'm different. What changed me, what made me this way, can't be duplicated, but Dolos is trying to create something similar using a different approach."

A number of things suddenly made sense to Jason. The orbs, the "research" Dolos was doing... He realized the whole planet was full of guinea pigs for the purpose of weapons research. Jason was horrified but also strangely impressed. If he were an amoral douchebag with the power of a god, using an entire planet as a petri dish would probably have seemed very efficient too.

"Why doesn't Dolos just use you and the other priestesses to defend Ludus when this war comes in a few years?"

Keeja sighed. "Because that would be pointless. The bet, the agreement, was to pit experiment against experiment. If beings like me participated, it would be a useless exercise. Dolos is basically betting his pride as a researcher for last few thousand years against his rival."

"So you're telling me that people will probably die and there will be a war... because of pride?"

"In a word, yes," Keeja said with a smirk. "The world isn't fair, child. You'd best get used to it."

Jason frowned and looked Keeja right in her eyes. What he saw made his mouth go dry. It was one thing to hear Keeja say she was ancient or even see a display of her power. Jason had seen a lot of amazing things since he'd gotten to Ludus, so his threshold for being shocked was practically nonexistent anymore. However, Keeja's gaze unnerved him.

She physically looked like an Areva woman in her prime. However, when Jason actually stared into her eyes, her age and power became real to him in a way it wasn't before. She represented an existence he could not fully comprehend. He felt himself shiver when he realized how alien she really was.

Keeja must have noticed his reaction. Her expression fell. "This is another reason I hate being imprisoned on this world. Mortals are a passing fancy, and most can't ever truly understand the perspective of an immortal. But all the other Holders on this planet like me are High Priestesses, and we loathe each other." Keeja lapsed into a brooding silence, and Jason was happy to let her do so.

He gazed at the nasty-ox as it pulled the wagon, lost in thought. He briefly wondered what kind of monster the beast might be mixed with when he suddenly realized they could be attacked by monsters at any time. He asked Keeja, "Shouldn't we be keeping a closer watch for monsters?"

"No, they don't come this close to cities. Cities around the whole planet are basically safe from monsters most of the time." She shrugged. "If we let the monsters run around everywhere, there'd probably be no civilization left on the planet."

Jason blinked. "'We' as in you and the other High Priestesses control monsters?"

"Of course. What, do you think Dolos manages the day-to-day on Ludus? Of course not. The creatures you call monsters are not native to this planet in the first place. On top of that, someone has to make dungeons, someone has to put treasure in them, someone has to keep track of nasty creatures..."

"Wait. You make dungeons and put loot in them?"

Keeja made a face. "You don't think they just magically pop up out of nowhere, do you? Like I said, for someone who's supposed to be smart, you don't seem to do a lot of thinking."

Jason couldn't decide whether to be thoughtful or furious. To be honest, he hadn't ever considered that anyone could be actively helping Dolos with his experiments on Ludus. Then again, it made a kind of sense that there would be a team of observers and analysts on a research planet. He thought about what Keeja had said carefully and realized the piece he was missing. "We're all here because of the Dhu, aren't we?"

"Maybe you aren't completely stupid after all." Keeja smiled.

Even more pieces started falling into place for Jason. "So people being born on this planet who can learn to use magic, the fact that iron rots so fast, all these things are probably because of the Dhu, aren't they?"

"More or less. You're missing a lot of background and particulars, but the fact you're here, the fact any mortals are here on this planet, is directly because of Dolos' research. And Dolos' research revolves around the Dhu. Everyone and everything is linked to The Work in some way."

"But--"

"No, that's enough questions." Keeja's voice was firm. "I've probably already told you too much. I personally don't see a problem with research subjects understanding what their data is being used for, but Dolos wants everyone to remain in the dark."

Jason looked her in the eyes again, her ancient, unsettling eyes. "Why do you help him?"

"You make that sound like such a simple question." Keeja turned and stared into the distance for a while before continuing, "Nobody's asked me that in a very, very long time. You don't have enough information to form any sort of context for what Dolos is doing. Dolos is a vain, power-hungry egomaniac, and I think some of his methods are crude... but he's getting results. What's more, his research may be necessary. Maybe one day you will find out why. You should hope you never do.

"And at the end of the day, I'm a prisoner here just like you. At least you have a chance of escaping before The Work is done. On the other hand, I'm probably stuck here for another thousand years at least." Keeja smiled, but the expression held no humor.

Jason didn't know what to say. He didn't even know what to feel. They rode in silence for the remainder of the day until setting up camp for the night at the edge of the fields. The next day, they'd be entering monster territory.





Bullets of Bronze

By the second day their little caravan had been on the road, Henry was deeply thankful for the wagons. He usually didn't mind walking, but he found he could think better while sitting with nothing better to do.

The night before, he'd asked Jason about the huge bar of green energy that had shot up from the lead wagon. He'd thought it was a testament to how fucked up Ludus was that nobody seemed to care when it happened. Apparently in a world with magic and monsters, as long as nobody was dying and nothing was on fire, nobody cared about random beams of deadly energy popping up out of nowhere.

Then again, he had noticed Mareen tremble a little bit. Maybe some people did know what had happened and just didn't want to get involved? Henry didn't understand people on this world at all.

Jason had told him about his conversation with Keeja, and most of it made sense to Henry. The part Henry was most interested in was the relationship between the Dhu and the corrosion of iron on Ludus. Henry had been thinking about metals a lot lately, about how steel he generated and maintained with magic didn't corrode but any steel he wasn't running magic through rotted almost immediately.

Growing up in Washington state, like many kids, Henry had studied the history of the Pacific Northwest American Indians... or Native Americans. He didn't really have an opinion on what they should be called--he'd just always thought they were badass. One of the things he'd learned was that some tribes believed there were spirits in everything: the rocks, the hills, the air--everything.

As Henry sat on the bench of the trailing wagon, he slowly turned his Swiss Army knife over in his hands. What if the Dhu were like the spirits in Native American mythology and folklore? If Dhu were responsible for iron oxidizing, could it be because of Dhu in the air? And if steel didn't rot and stayed, well, steel like his pocket knife, could it be because it housed a Dhu of its own? Maybe blessed steel just had a Dhu living--or trapped--inside of it.

Henry concentrated hard and could almost sense something in the steel sometimes. It was frustrating. He had a notion that his Magic Perception skill helped, but maybe if he had another rank in it, he could actually answer his own questions. Maybe one day he could make steel tools that didn't corrode.

He kept turning the knife over in his hands. He definitely had more time to think now that he was riding on the wagon, but his thoughts were going all over the place. It was hard to focus. He had a lot on his mind.

Henry had realized that Mareen had feelings for him.

He knew it was probably kind of sad that it had taken him so long to figure out. In hindsight, the signs had been there for at least a week if not more. Still, it wasn't until Keeja had started acting inappropriately with him and he'd seen how frustrated Mareen acted that he was able to put the pieces together. He kind of wished he still didn't know.

He had no idea what to do. Henry didn't think of himself as coward, but he felt crippling indecision about potential romance. On one hand, Mareen was great. She was very pretty, healthy, vibrant, she worked hard, she was smart, she was loyal and kind, she wasn't afraid to speak her mind, and he owed her and her grandfather a lot. On the other hand, she was a decade younger than him and from a different world. He thought the age thing might not be that big of a deal, but what if he ever made it home? Would she go with him? Would he want to stay on Ludus if he was with her? What about kids? If they ever had them, which culture would they be raised with?

Henry shook his head. He was like a penguin, and penguins mate for life. His first divorce had hurt him so badly he'd almost decided never to date again. But like everything else, he'd gotten over it and realized he couldn't hide from the world forever. Yes, the potential with Mareen now would just be dating, not getting married again. But in his mind, one thing led to another, and he still had a lot to sort through. It wouldn't be fair to Mareen or to himself if he got involved with someone in a half-assed way.

He felt at the very least he should bring the issue out into the open, but he wasn't sure if that would clear things up or make everything more awkward. The most frustrating thing about the whole situation was Jason's reaction. When Henry had talked to him about it the night before, his smug friend had made no expression at all and drawled, "Is that so?" Henry couldn't be entirely sure because it was dark, but he was pretty sure Jason's lips had been quivering as he scratched the stubble on his cheek.

God damn him! The fucker knew! He'd probably known this whole time!

Suddenly, Henry snapped his head up. He smelled something weird. He'd gotten into a habit of cycling through his Enhanced Senses skill in order to train it and possibly even spot danger. He never wanted to be caught by surprise again like with the thugs in Mirana.

Yes, he could definitely smell something strange on the wind. He glanced up at Bezzi-ibbi, sitting on top of the first wagon. The Mo'hali boy's big ears were perked up, and he was visibly wary as well.

Henry signaled an alert to everyone on his wagon and switched to his enhanced hearing. He could hear... nothing. The forest was quiet, too quiet. Uh oh.

When the lead wagon came to a stop, Henry grabbed his weird helmet made of sewn tusks, fixed his chin strap, and jogged to where Jason sat.

Henry didn't waste any time with pleasantries. "I think we've got trouble."

"Yeah, Bezzi-ibbi already let us know something was up." Jason was standing up, scanning the forest around the road in front of them.

Henry quickly did a mental inventory of their party's gear. He and Jason were both armed and armored. Mareen had a recurve bow and a decent amount of arrows as well as a dagger. Uluula had her long bladed spear, a dagger, and a huge crossbow she'd found somewhere. Henry had never even seen it until they left Mirana. He'd decided not to ask any questions.

Bezzi-ibbi had his weird arm thing. Henry sincerely hoped the kid would just stay out of danger, but he knew he couldn't control him and it'd be stupid to try. Plus, Mo'hali Hero rings were supposed to be kind of like Dolos orbs, right? The boy still wouldn't talk about his arm, but he probably wasn't defenseless. He was also part jaguar... or something.

That left Keeja. The priestess was sitting on the wagon bench next to Jason and fluttering her eyelashes at Henry. Shameless. She was just shameless. Henry narrowed his eyes at her. "Are you going to fight if we get attacked? You could probably just handle anything that comes along by yourself, couldn't you?"

Keeja pursed her lips at him. "Yes. But I won't. I'm just watching. I am forbidden to interfere except in specific cases... like self-defense."

"Well, if monsters attack, couldn't you just put yourself in front of them so it'd be self-defense?"

Keeja replied, "No, because any lesser demons, or 'monsters' you will encounter pose no legitimate threat to me. I have to follow the Laws." Keeja smiled. "Sorry! Rules are rules. But if it makes you feel any better, I'll be honestly disappointed if you die."

Henry turned to Jason. "Can I shoot her?"

"No," Jason sighed, "and even if you did, she'd probably just laugh at you. You shouldn't waste ammo."

Henry gave Keeja one more flat look and jogged back to the rear wagon. His shoulder blades were starting to itch. That usually meant something violent was about to happen. "Mareen! Can you get on top of the lead wagon where Bezzi-ibbi is? On the roof struts?"

Mareen eyed the climb, but to her credit, she immediately understood why Henry was asking. She hefted her bow and slowly nodded. "I think so."

"Okay, hurry up and go." Henry watched her trot to the lead wagon and start climbing with mixed feelings... she had a really nice ass. As she climbed, he got a really good look at her body from behind. He really wished he could still be blissfully ignorant about her feelings. Oh well, at least she'd be a little bit safer on top of the wagon. Bezzi-ibbi helped pull her up the rest of the way.

Henry absentmindedly checked his weapons as he scanned the tree line. The feeling between his shoulder blades kept growing stronger. He decided it was time to use some magic. First, he started channeling strength from the earth. He did so slowly, starting at an extremely low level and dialing it patiently up to max in order to conserve magic.

Next, instead of changing both forearms to metal, he gave his right forearm and right hand a steel carapace. Through experimentation, he'd realized that he had a limit how much skin he could convert into steel, but he could put the actual metal wherever he wanted. There was also a limit to how much metal he could generate from his steel skin to make blades and such, but it was fairly substantial.

Next, he fixed a magic cannon barrel to his forearm. He really needed to come up with a name for his invention. Bronze blasters? Mystic boomers? Ma-cannon? Exogun? Actually, exogun didn't sound too bad. Maybe he could call the bigger tube his "exocannon." Exoguns and exocannon... I like that.

He hefted his shield as the feeling in his shoulder blades got even stronger. Then he got his first look at why the surrounding forest was so quiet. A demon wolf slowly stalked out of the bushes and glared at him; its red, baleful eyes didn't blink.

Henry and all the other members of the caravan stood still as the rest of the pack came out of the tree line. Henry counted twelve of them and confirmed this number when he used his magic to map the surrounding earth. He still couldn't directly feel the demon wolves themselves, but he could sense when bushes were moved and the ground was disturbed in enough quantity. He'd been training his earth mapping ability, and it showed.

Henry shouted, "Uluula, Mareen, do you have a shot?"

Uluula answered by firing her ridiculously oversized crossbow. Her aim was good, and the bolt nailed the closest demon wolf high in the back. After that, everything got confusing and messy.

Henry only saw flashes of the others engaged in combat. He had plenty of his own problems to attend to. A demon wolf jumped at him, leaping over a dozen feet. Henry planted his feet and used magic to give himself leverage, using all his strength to bat the huge canine monster out of the air with his shield. He heard a hollow crack as the creature's neck broke, and it landed in a rubbery heap.

Another demon wolf leapt at him from behind, and Henry both heard it with his enhanced hearing and felt the bushes behind him rustle as it sprung. He whirled, swinging the khopesh in a deadly, glittering bronze arc. The magic-sharp sword backed by earth strength entirely beheaded the demon wolf as Henry pivoted.

Henry flicked the blood off of his blade and saw one of the monsters running towards the covered wagon. Mareen shot an arrow but missed. The demon wolf was about to jump when the bronze ball from Henry's exogun blasted right through its lungs and heart. It collapsed in a twitching heap, coughing bloody foam.

Henry ran forward toward the front of the caravan and caught a glimpse of Uluula impaling a demon wolf on her long spear, withdrawing it, and dodging another attack with graceful, dancelike motions. Henry had to grudgingly admit she was good, very good. If they'd sparred before he had the magic mojo, she probably would have won.

He clenched his jaw and focused again. He couldn't afford distractions. He was almost past the front wagon when he heard a sound like someone dragging a giant butter knife across rough plastic. He spun and saw Bezzi-ibbi on top of a demon wolf, his metallic arm locked onto the creature's neck right below its head, his talon like-fingers penetrating all the way to the bone. Bezzi-ibbi was snarling and spitting as he stabbed the monster in the side of its head again and again with a glittering silver dagger.

Henry quickly reloaded his exogun and shot the demon wolf Bezzi-ibbi was riding through the chest. The boy lightly jumped off the collapsing beast and pushed his dagger into his metal arm, where the weapon was seamlessly absorbed. Then a handle began to emerge from his palm, and Bezzi-ibbi slowly withdrew a glittering, curved short sword.

Bezzi-ibbi nodded at him before they each took off different directions. Henry had more demon wolves to kill. He could wonder about mercury-looking arm- sword- things later. This planet is fucking weird and murderous.

He reloaded his exogun, attached two more tubes to his arm, and rattled off all three shots at demon wolves running through the trees. He managed to get a glancing hit on one, and it spun to the ground. Henry took the opportunity to run forward, piercing it with his khopesh and slamming the edge of his shield down to crush its skull.

He dashed back the other direction and passed Keeja, still sitting on the front wagon's bench. She was eating a pear and cheerily waving at him. She winked and pulled the top of her shirt down just enough to show cleavage. Henry ignored her.

He caught a brief glimpse of Jason teleporting out of nowhere next to a demon wolf emerging from the trees. His friend impaled the creature with a short sword and a dagger before teleporting away again with a bam of displaced air.

Henry reloaded his three exoguns and took a shot at another demon wolf. His first shot missed, and before he could fire again, the monster was hit by two throwing knives seemingly out of nowhere. Jason is getting good with that attack... Henry lined up another shot and fired both of his two loaded projectiles. The heavy bronze balls slammed into the demon wolf and punched gaping wounds through its center of mass.

Henry wasn't even using half his max power, and his exoguns were ripping the demon wolves to shreds. The last time he and Jason had fought this type of monster, he'd felt desperation, exhaustion. This time he felt like he'd barely begun to tap his magic reserves.

Suddenly he realized the fight was over. All twelve demon wolves lay still or thrashing around in death throes. Henry glanced around and didn't see any casualties in their little caravan. He sheathed his sword and began thoughtfully patting his scarred leg. This was not bad, not bad at all.

Keeja started laughing and clapping. Crazy bitch, thought Henry.

* * *

A couple hours later, they had a subdued celebration. Henry was drinking some water that Mareen had just cooled for everyone with magic. Her Water school magic was weak but still enough to chill drinks without too much effort.

The whole group was checked for injuries, and a few minor scrapes were healed. Everyone was in high spirits about their relatively easy victory over an entire pack of demon wolves. Then they all started hearing things in their heads. It can't be... Henry recognized the voice, although this time he was speaking Luda, not English.

This is the Great God Dolos! I have an announcement to make!

Henry put a hand to his forehead and looked around for confirmation. Yes, they were all hearing the same thing. Mareen looked terrified. Keeja just rolled her eyes.

I really despise talking to mortals even if I don't have to be there in person. Oh well, needs must.

Mortals are truly just a step above stupid animals, their lives just one disappointment after another. It's a good thing I can suspend my sense of smell, or the stench of this world would force me to incinerate it. Truly awful.

I'm not even sure why I bother with communications like this. The little mortals, especially those dreadful Terrans, will probably run around panicking, making their little sounds of worry. Perhaps a few will even fall into a well and drown. Yet here I am, taking time to give this message. I am simply too kind and generous for my own good.

Anyway, I am the Great God Dolos! I am great. And a god. It's in my title. You are probably looking around at each other in awe and wonder. Yes, I am talking to you in your minds. This sort of thing isn't difficult for me. Try to keep up.

I am about to give an announcement. All mortals on Ludus should stop eating or humping or rolling around or running through fire or whatever it is they are doing. This message is important.

From this moment forward, I am issuing a bounty on all Dolos orb-Bonded and Hero ring Mo'hali Heroes. That sounds kind of redundant, doesn't it? Hero ring Mo'hali Heroes. The Mo'hali really are stupid. I'm surprised they're able to dress themselves.

There are too many orb-Bonded and Heroes on Ludus to list in this message. There is simply not enough time. Well, I also don't want to do it. However, I will have city centers or government buildings post lists of resident orb wielders in your country. This list will be delivered by Dolosbots and updated every month.

Plus, using the same power that allows me to communicate with you now, if you see a Dolos orb-Bonded or Mo'hali Hero clearly, you will be notified and presented with a classification. This alert will manifest as a chime sound in your head, and written words flowing across your left eye. If you can't read or you don't have a left eye, well, too bad for you.

Now for the fun part. For any Mo'hali Hero or Dolos orb wielder killed, the killer will be rewarded with a new Dolos orb or spirit stone! Winners don't get to choose which reward they get. Each reward will appear within a few minutes of each death.

That's it. I will leave you to go back to your wretched little lives. Please try to live as long as possible to provide me with more research.

When it was clear the message was over, Henry turned to look at Jason. "We knew that was coming, and I already know I can't stand that guy... yet here I am, hating him more."

Jason said, "I'm kind of glad we're out in the middle of nowhere right now. What are the odds we will come across another orb-Bonded or someone targeting us out here?"

Henry patted his leg. He had a feeling things were about to get more complicated. He glanced at Mareen, and she quickly looked away, pretending to stare at a random tree.

A lot more complicated.





Bandit Cages

A week after the caravan skirmished with the demon wolves, Jason was free falling. He loved doing this, teleporting high into the sky to scout. The idea had occurred to him while he was drinking some mead around the fire a few days earlier. Everyone had been talking, and Henry was trying to explain Superman to Bezzi-ibbi and the girls. Jason was thinking about how Superman flew in the early movies and had a moment of inspiration. If he could teleport into the air, why not keep doing so and stay in the sky?

When he'd first tried his idea, it was kind of nerve-racking. He would look at the place he wanted to teleport in the sky, transition there, fall for a bit while he scanned the ground, and then repeat the process.

He loved the view when he was up in the air, and sometimes it felt like he was truly flying instead of just falling over and over again. Just as he could throw knives and teleport them, he learned how to alter his own vector when he teleported. It was an amazing sensation when he got it right. If he waited until he was falling fairly fast before teleporting himself forward and at a forty-five-degree angle upwards, he could travel long distances on his own inertia.

Landing could be tricky, though. He basically had to teleport himself with a straight upward vector and wait until his motion came to a halt before teleporting himself back to the ground. The timing was important, and the first time he did it was pretty scary. It had been worth the risk, though.

Scouting this way allowed him explore far ahead of the caravan and practice his magic at the same time. In fact, despite a plateau in progression he could feel looming, his magic had grown by leaps and bounds recently.

Two-hundred-yard teleports were no longer even difficult for him, and his magic regenerated much faster too. He was able to scout more than five miles ahead of the caravan and back without a problem.

He'd also discovered that if he gathered magic and stored it, he could release it all at once to teleport farther than he usually could. He was getting a lot stronger and couldn't wait to test a few new ideas. Future experiments like trying to take other people with him during a teleport were first on his to-do list.

During his airborne recon missions, the solitude and freedom also helped him think. Henry and Mareen had been creeping him out lately. They were painfully awkward around each other. Jason assumed that Mareen knew that Henry finally knew she had feelings for him, but neither of them was willing to talk about it. Jason rolled his eyes. He couldn't believe his friends were acting so ridiculous. Henry had been married before, he obviously reciprocated Mareen's interest, and he was painfully single. Jason didn't understand what the problem was.

Then again, he wasn't exactly an expert in love, so he shouldn't judge. His own sort of pre-pre-relationship seemed to be going well. Well, it had been until two days ago when Uluula had asked him how many wives he was willing to take.

Jason shook his head ruefully. It was one thing to know intellectually that polygamy was the normal family structure on Ludus. It was another thing entirely when his almost-but-not-quite girlfriend--whom he'd seen naked but hadn't even kissed yet--started bringing up the possibility of him marrying her and other women in the future!

Maybe Areva were crazy after all. Then again, he had to concede it probably wasn't just an Areva thing. When he'd asked Mareen about it, she'd looked at him like he was mentally deficient.

In an incredulous tone, she'd said, "Jason, you're orb-Bonded. You're destined for great things. Any woman who is not a complete idiot would try to find you another wife or two as quickly as possible in order to help manage your estate and invest your resources. I'm a farm girl, and even I know this!

"How do people on your planet handle more wealth? Isn't it easier when you have more family members, people you can trust to share the burden? Plus, Uluula is an Areva. Areva women are very pragmatic."

Jason was experiencing some culture shock, especially after Uluula had made it very clear she was not willing to "manage a large household without any help." Their conversation hadn't exactly been a fight, but Uluula was currently giving him space so he could think about everything before they talked about it again. He was thankful that she was an older woman sometimes. She didn't leave him hanging without an explanation; she told him exactly what she was doing and why. He didn't have to wonder about her moods or thoughts like he had about girls he'd dated on Earth. Actually, maybe he should have tried dating an older woman on Earth.

Uluula's mature handling of their differences didn't make him feel any better, though. The really weird thing was he'd always considered himself to be an open-minded person. In fact, he used to read books and comics with stories that featured polygamy, yet here he was in a situation facing the real possibility, and it kind of bothered him. The weirdest thing was that on Ludus--and apparently within the rest of the universe--whomever he married would choose any new wives for his household, not him! It was a lot to process, and he wasn't really comfortable with any of it.

And what made it all worse, the real icing on his freak-out cake, was that when he'd talked to Henry about it, his straight-laced friend wasn't phased in the slightest.

Henry had said, "So what? If everyone consents and everyone is happy, who cares? Also, why does it bother you that your wife or wives will pick a new wife if you get one? You can still say yes or no, right? Don't you think it actually makes sense? I mean, you're a guy. Your needs should be simple. It's the women who have to find someone they can get along with. You would want your family to be happy, right? Plus, they'd probably be smarter than you anyway."

The fact that Henry seemed to be adapting to Ludus culture faster than Jason irked him a bit. He'd always prided himself on being mentally flexible. Meanwhile, Henry could be old-fashioned and obstinate to a fault. Just... how the heck had their positions switched?

Jason realized he was grumbling to himself and tried to stop. The air was too clear and the sensation of flying too fun to spend time beating himself up. Not only that, he was supposed to be doing a job. He began paying attention more closely again. It was a good thing he did because he soon spotted something that made his blood run cold. He turned around and headed back to the caravan as quickly as he could, arcing through the sky between teleports to conserve energy.

* * *

Jason arrived back at the little caravan and alerted the group about what he'd seen. The wagons were stopped, and the entire group was in a circle to discuss its next steps. Jason ruefully decided he needed to start thinking of everyone as a company, Delvers, LLC. He had a lot of things to get used to.

Mareen strung her bow as she asked, "Okay, so we know there's a suspicious-looking group with a camp in the forest about four miles up the road, right? So what do we do now?" It was a good question.

Henry chimed in, "Also, why do you think this group is the one we're looking for?"

Jason kept checking his gear. He was randomly reminded of how he and Henry had first seen the goblins. "Well, the camp is in a depression that could only be easily seen from the air. They're obviously hiding. More importantly, there are people in cages, and I saw at least a couple bodies in what looked like a dumping area for trash."

"Why didn't you say that in the first place?" Henry slowly scratched his goatee. "That does sound... not good. Okay, so how are we going to do this?"

Uluula raised a hand. "Why don't we just continue with what we were already planning to do? We look like a caravan, and caravans have been disappearing. We can just keep heading up the road. The bait idea is probably still the simplest. Plus, I don't think any of us really have abilities well suited for stealth."

It's true that stealth is a group weakness right now, Jason thought. Out loud he said, "Okay, what do you think, Henry?"

Henry nodded and responded, "Yeah, let's stick with that, but since we may be moving into a fight, me and you should hide. Dolos said in his mental douchebag-gram that orb-Bonded can be identified if you see them clearly."

"I don't get it. Why wouldn't they just jump out and try to surprise us?" Jason's mental image of the ambush was people in dark clothing and masks stepping out from behind trees.

"If these are bandits, they've been operating around here for a while, and they haven't been caught yet. This means they're probably pretty well organized. If that's the case, they'll probably have scouts and some sort of fucking message relay system at least a mile or two out from their camp." Henry absently patted his leg. "Me and you should just lie in the bed of the wagon. That way, if they attack, they won't know we're there until it's too late. It will make it easier to fuck them up."

Jason nodded slowly--that made sense. Knowing ahead of time that he could be in a fight for his life was kind of a strange feeling, though. "Well, what about everyone else? Why wouldn't they just immediately try to kill everyone else with the wagons while we're hiding?"

Henry said, "Because women and children are always valuable to scum, Jason. Even if only for a few hours." Jason saw Keeja nod grimly and swallow.

In a monotone, Keeja added, "Areva and Mo'hali don't usually rape, but Terrans, Fideli, and some demons seem to go out of their way for it. Some stupid monsters seem to enjoy it as well. Sometimes it doesn't even seem anatomically possible but--"

"That's enough!" Jason cut her off. He turned to everyone else in the caravan--no, the company--and took a deep breath. He needed to get something off his chest. "None of you have to go through with this. I appreciate you coming out this far, but we have no idea what we're heading into. This could be suicide. If you want to turn back, this is the time to do it."

Nobody said a word. Jason could hear the wind move through the trees and a bird cry in the distance. Every set of eyes staring back at him was steady and resolute, probably much more so than his own. Bezzi-ibbi looked excited and kept rubbing his metal arm, which Jason found mildly disturbing. "Okay, so be it."

Everyone had a few more preparations to make before they began moving again. Deep down, Jason was proud of how focused and efficient their little company was already becoming. He hoped they all survived to improve even more in the future.

* * *

Jeth Fortright crept forward in what he thought was a stealthy manner. His rough woolen clothes itched, and he knew he smelled ripe. He had not bathed in... well, he couldn't remember. The last two or three weeks hadn't been very pleasant, but the last week in particular had been unbearable. He was starting to resent his father, Yelm, for dragging them into this mess.

Sure, he was the one who'd first brought up the idea of leaving the sappy, Terran-loving farming villagers in the first place. But he had wanted to find a city, sell that slant-eyed bastard Henry's blessed steel machete and all the other shitty baubles they'd taken from the wagons, then live like kings. It was Yelm's idea to come out to the middle of nowhere to join up with his friend's bandit group. Jeth didn't even know how Yelm had been able to find the camp in the first place. What was more, they'd barely gotten anything for all the loot they gave Thod, the bandit leader. Thod had called it their "joining price" and said if they didn't like it, they could leave.

Yelm had quietly accepted everything despite Jeth's protests. His father was making decisions on behalf of them both, and it was frustrating Jeth. He was a grown man. His father should have been asking for his input!

Yelm believed that by staying with the bandits, they'd get rich and be protected. Thod was an orb-Bonded. If that bastard Henry and his tall, ugly, selfish friend Jason ever came looking for them, Thod and the rest of the bandits could make short work of them. Jeth had to admit there was some logic to that.

As much as he hated Henry, he wasn't going to fight him when the dog had an orb. It wasn't fair. If they'd been just two men instead of Henry being a Terran, orb-Bonded freak, it would have never come to this. It was all Henry's fault. Well, Henry and Mareen.

Jeth's nostrils flared while he thought about that little bitch Mareen. She was so stupid. Who cared if she was good at math or could remember things? She couldn't figure out that she belonged to him! He'd earned her. He'd watched over her, he was a nice guy, and he didn't care about any other girls but her! He was faithful to her! And still, she'd hung out with that awkward monster-fornicator Jason! It was Jason's fault more than anyone else's. Jeth hated Terrans--dirty, thieving Terrans.

Jeth was from Ludus. His ancestors might have been Terran, but he knew he was no more Terran now than the demon wolves those two showboating assholes had killed. He was Ludan. He couldn't understand how any other self-respecting Ludan could fall for a Terran's acting and lies, but Mareen had turned into a little Terran follower. It just wasn't fair! He wanted to hurt Mareen--no, he needed to hurt her. He had to hurt her and make her see how wrong she was to not to love him.

Jeth smiled, his eyes feverish. Well, maybe he'd get that chance. Thod's own rules for the camp would work in Jeth's favor this time! He chuckled darkly.

The rules of the bandit camp were simple. Loot was split between every member of the group that earned it, and a portion went to Thod and his two captains. The bandits that captured slaves got to ride first if they chose, and then the whole camp got a turn. If a slave survived, they'd go in the cages to be sold or used later. It was difficult to sell slaves, so unless they were valuable, nobody really cared what happened to them.

There weren't many female bandits--why would there be? Women ran the whole rotting world. They could just sit in their clean cities and take the pick of the richest and tamest men to marry. Smug, arrogant bitches the lot of them. Still, the handful of female bandits knew how things worked. Some of them participated in... sampling the captives. The others looked the other way.

Since Jeth was new to the camp and young, he was lowest in the established hierarchy. Jeth hated being low ranking. Because of his junior standing, he was one of the bandits that had to move dead bodies to the garbage dump. Bodies were heavy, and the dump stank. He was usually last to ravish new slaves too.

When Jeth had first joined the bandits, he'd gotten the chance to lose his virginity after a caravan with females was taken. After waiting a long time, trying to ignore the screams, he went to take his turn in the "comfort tent." The woman waiting there for him was a stinking Mo'hali, already half dead. Her face was swollen and nose bloody from being hit. Her eyes were red and puffy, her feline ears cut with a knife from some other bandit's turn. She was naked, held down with heavy tin chains. "Help me," she whispered through her muzzle.

In that moment, Jeth almost had mercy on her. He almost unhooked her chains from the ring in the floor, put her in a cage, and gave her some water. He was a nice guy, but he still hesitantly groped her and smacked her face a bit just for fun. She was just a Mo'hali, little better than an animal after all. If he was going to be such a kind person as to give her mercy, she had to pay for it somehow.

But as he was about to unhook her from the floor, he saw the fear and loathing in her eyes. How dare this little bitch look down on him? He suddenly thought of Mareen.

Mareen hadn't given him any mercy, oh no. Mareen and her smug words, telling him there were other men around for her to choose from. Telling him that he wasn't good enough! He snarled and started hurting the Mo'hali woman. In his mind, he saw Mareen, and he kept punishing the chained woman over and over again. He imagined the woman's screams were Mareen's.

By the time he was done and pulled his trousers up, he realized the little tramp was dead. He'd choked her to death. Jeth curled his lip at the memory. Oh well, he hoped she enjoyed her easy life before she got what she had coming to her.

But after that incident, he'd felt unclean; his first time had been with a disgusting Mo'hali animal. After that, he'd tried to wash off the taint by sampling every Ludan and Areva girl the bandits captured.

His true woes began after he killed a young, pretty Ludan girl that could have been sold for a decent amount. The bandit captains were angry. They said he killed too many slaves and he was not allowed to take a turn with new captives anymore. Plus, he wasn't allowed to ambush any caravans with young girls since then he'd have a right to sample them.

It was so unfair! Jeth knew he hadn't done anything wrong. It was all the stupid twats' faults for not being stronger. They mocked him even in death! They'd probably died just to spite him!

So over the past week, while his father had been sucking up to Thod, Jeth began hatching his own scheme. They couldn't keep him from sampling new slaves if he was on an attacking crew. Usually the whole camp showed up to capture a caravan, though, or they wouldn't get any loot.

Jeth just had to hit a caravan the rest of the camp didn't know about.

He became friends with the lookouts. He brought them food and water. He ran messages for them. He bowed his back and made himself useful. He was waiting, hoping for a caravan to come by in the early morning before most of the camp was awake. He was just trying to snatch something for himself among all the unfairness he'd endured.

Today was the day! There was a caravan, and most of the camp wasn't awake yet! And what was more, one of the lookouts reported that among the women in the caravan was a young Ludan or Terran girl, naturally lovely with dark hair, tan skin, and clear eyes. And she was wearing a plain blue dress!

When Jeth heard the description, his heart stopped for a moment. Mareen liked to wear blue dresses. Jeth knew the odds of the woman being Mareen were slim, but even the tiniest possibility was almost too much to bear! Oh, Mareen, the things he wanted to do to Mareen!

Even if the girl wasn't Mareen, the lookout said the caravan also had a bored-looking Areva woman eating an apple, a young, strikingly beautiful Areva woman with white hair, and a little Mo'hali boy too. It'd be easy pickings!

Perhaps Jeth would personally teach the boy a lesson too. He really should have begun making all the Mo'hali pay for dirtying him.

Jeth asked the sentry to stay quiet and found five other men to join him, most of them angry youths like himself. Most of them were other bandits from the camp who were tired of taking a small cut and being looked over. A couple just happened to be awake and good fighters, and Jeth needed them.

He giggled to himself. Three women and a little boy? A wagon stacked high with goods? They were going to be rich! And when they attacked, all the weaklings in the caravan would probably just give up! Just in case, he was smart enough to bring two big bandits that were pretty good in a fight. Jeth also planned to hang back. He was a strategist, after all. He was using his superior intellect to give these brutes an opportunity. The least they could do was fight a little bit for him.

Even if the girl driving one of the wagons wasn't Mareen, he was going to teach her a long, important lesson. They would pay. They would all pay! He giggled when he thought about the toy he'd made for just such an occasional. He'd made it out of leather and glass. It would make such pretty patterns.

He used to be such a nice guy; it was all Mareen's fault he wasn't anymore. Well, mostly Mareen's. It was also Jason's, Henry's, and all the slaves' that looked down him too. Everyone who looked down on him. He'd hurt them all one day. He wanted to hurt them slowly. But he really wanted to hurt Mareen. Oh yes, Mareen. He wanted to make her understand his pain. He needed her to know what a huge mistake she'd made. He wanted her to understand it was all her fault, everything he did to the slaves he hurt. Everything was her fault.

She'd never find another man as good as him. A nice guy. A smart guy. He giggled. Plus, if he couldn't have her, nobody else could either.

Jeth kept moving towards the road with the five other bandits. They needed to prepare an ambush, and there wasn't much time left. It was going to be a good day; he could feel it.

He couldn't stop thinking of everything he'd do to Mareen if she was actually stupid and obedient enough to come into his waiting arms. That was what she should do though if she had any decency. The dumb twat should feel sorry and come crawling back to him. He was her protector, after all. The only one who truly loved her.





Bandit Secrets

Jeth crouched in the bushes behind the five other bandits. He did his best to stay still, but he kept getting bitten by insects. The other bandits all smelled as bad as he did. A fat drop of sweat slowly rolled between his shoulder blades. What was taking these feeble-minded, lazy sluts so long?

Ah! Now he could hear the wagons approaching. His hands trembled in anticipation. The caravan was almost close enough to see. He strained his eyes, licking his lips as he willed time to pass more quickly.

And then he saw her. Oh yes! It was truly her! His Mareen had come back to him! Now he could carve all the ways he loved her into her flesh with a knife. It would be beautiful. He was going to love her so hard, so very hard. He was going to love her to death.

Jeth could feel himself becoming physically aroused. Yes, soon, soon we will be together again! I will protect you from the world, Mareen. My Mareen.

But something was bothering him. Something wasn't right. Yes, yes, she didn't have her usual insipid, smiling expression. She was tense, looking around. Hmmm... the others looked tense too--well, except the Areva woman eating some sort of fruit. She had a shawl on, though. That was strange... the day was warm.

Too many things weren't adding up. Jeth was suspicious. He addressed the other bandits, "Now's your chance! Go out there and stop them. I'll cover you." Jeth held up his two throwing spears, and the simple brutes all nodded.

It seemed all of the bandits took Jeth's words at face value, all the Ludans anyway. The only thug to narrow his eyes suspiciously was the lone Mo'hali, a wolf race with notched ears. An outcast. Still, despite his obvious misgivings, the Mo'hali bandit joined the others as they burst from the brush, trotting towards the caravan.

Jeth had promised him food if he participated. The Mo'hali hadn't eaten in a week. Jeth gloried in how clever he was. He would use the animal's weakness to his advantage.

Jeth moved through the woods, keeping pace with the other bandits. The caravan began to slow as the drivers saw them, and Jeth felt even more strongly that something was wrong. He held back, and as a result, it was several more steps before he saw what had made the other five bandits on the road stop in their tracks.

After the Mo'hali boy on top of the wagon got close enough, Jeth heard a sudden chime in his head, and information scrolled over his left eye.

Bezzi-ibbi, Jaguar Clan

Hero Ring, Arm Morph, Quicksilver

First Rank

Jeth stood still. He didn't know much about Hero rings, but the Mo'hali bandit, Rark-han seemed visibly disturbed. Jeth didn't understand. Were they seriously afraid of a boy? Not only that, their reward from this capture had been automatically upgraded to a fortune! If they killed the boy, Dolos had said in his announcement he would give them a Dolos orb or a spirit stone, either of which was worth enough to live comfortably for years even split six ways between them!

Even Dolos hated Terrans. Jeth giggled. He'd never cared about Dolos before, hadn't even been sure he existed before the announcement. But now he knew he was doing Dolos' work. He even had divinity on his side!

When Dolos had given his message, it had thrown the bandit camp into chaos. Some of the bandits thought it was a joke at first. A few of them thought they were under attack by a strange new type of monster, but most were just terrified, fearing the confirmed existence of a god they hadn't really believed in.

Eventually, the bandit leader Thod had announced that the message was probably real. He was right. While attacking a caravan several days later, the bandits had killed a teen orb-Bonded working as a guard. They'd all seen that the boy was Bonded as soon as they were close enough. A chime had sounded in their heads, and they could read he was a first-rank water mage.

After the deed was done, when the boy had stopped breathing, there was a flash of light. A box appeared on the ground that Thod quickly picked up. As leader, he had the right to the first choice of loot, but some of the men grumbled. They wanted to know what was in the box. Still, nobody dared talk back to Thod or challenge him on his loot rights. The man was frightening.

Jeth had known was in the box, though. He knew many things. Secret things.

He shook himself and brought his mind back to the present.

Luckily, one of the bandits on the road had kept his wits about him, a big man named Gerry. He and Rark-han were the two best fighters. It was lucky that Gerry didn't back down; the other men would follow his head. He hollered, "This is an ambush! All of you give up and drop your weapons. If you do, you won't be harmed!" It was a lie, of course. Jeth always thought it was funny how many people were naïve enough to believe they'd actually be spared.

The expressions on the faces of captured little hussies after being locked in chains and played with was wonderful. He loved seeing hope die in the eyes of the girls he... entertained. He liked to hurt the boys too, but the girls were much more fun. Their skin looked prettier after he carved his name in them. Their throats looked so lovely with a necklace of bruises. Jeth felt his skin heating up just thinking about it.

As he watched the scene unfold before him, he wondered what the caravan guards would do. The bandits walked steadily forward, but none of the women were dropping their weapons. The Mo'hali boy didn't move either. Suddenly, Jeth felt a deep chill crawl up his spine.



His suspicions were confirmed when those bastards--those evil, Terran, rotten whoresons--Henry and Jason sat up in the rear wagon among the boxes. No, no, no! This couldn't be happening!

Jeth hissed as he heard two more chimes in his head and saw more information scroll over his left eye:

Henry Mirai Sato, Terran, American

Dolos Orb, Modular Build, Generation Three

First Rank

and

Jason James Booth, Terran, American

Dolos Orb, Modular Build, Generation Three

First Rank

This was a nightmare! They'd finally come for him! He had to get away! He had to warn the bandits so they could save him! He also needed to think of his own future. He'd waited too long to act. It was time to steal one of Thod's two Dolos orbs stashed away in the loot cave....

Oh yes! He knew about the orbs. His father had told him about them. Thod had already had one hidden before he got another for killing the teen Bonded working as a caravan guard.

Jeth's father, Yelm, said Thod was planning to elevate one of his bandit captains but neither was loyal enough. Yelm was trying to convince Thod to let him have an orb, hence all his servility. It was disgusting.

Yes, yes, Jeth would get one for himself! Then he would never fear anyone again! He'd have power, power to walk into random homes and take any plaything he wanted. It would be beautiful.

He turned to run away, shouting the bandit code phrase to attack without mercy, "In the ground!" He tripped and fell, jumping up to sprint again. "Kill them all!" he screamed, his voice shrill.

Jeth ran as fast as he could back to the camp. He would get the orb, and then he would have his Mareen. Yes, sweet Mareen. He would make her scream! He giggled as he ran.

* * *

Jason sat up when he heard footsteps approaching and someone shout about an ambush. Of the five men approaching them on the road, he thought the big wolf Mo'hali man looked the most dangerous. He was also the only bandit with clean weapons. The rest of the bandits obviously did not take care of their gear. Their rudimentary leather armor was ill fitting and dirty.

Before he could even stand up all the way, he heard a man in the forest scream, "In the ground! Kill them all!" Beside him, Henry muttered, "That voice... no way, it couldn't be him."

The bandits on the road stopped when they saw Henry and Jason. One of them, a big brute missing an ear, hissed, "The boy Hero is bad enough, but two Bonded too? You've got to be kidding me. We don't have Thod with us."

Another bandit, this one with two missing teeth and a filthy bandana snarled, "We got the order! In the ground! We can take 'em. They look soft as kiddies."

The wolf Mo'hali bandit shook his head and said, "We have no hope of winning this fight." He turned to Uluula, who currently stood at the front of the caravan. "May we surrender?"

Uluula replied in a tone of voice Jason had never heard from her before. It was dark and cold as the vastness of space. "We have news of bodies and people in cages. Do you ever let your prisoners 'surrender'? Do you treat them well?"

"No," the Mo'hali said, ears laid back. "These men are murderers and rapists, and I am guilty by association."

UIuula stood to her full diminutive height, hand tightly gripping her spear and snarled, "Mo'hali, kneel and await your punishment. The rest of you do the same, or you will be destroyed."

The bandit with the filthy bandana chuckled and shook his head, "You heard em' boys. We've been named rapists, we have." He turned to the largest bandit next to the wolf man. "Gerry, we die either way. What say you?"

"In the ground!" Gerry snarled. His ugly, scarred face twisted with anger, his eyes bestial. The men sprang forward to attack.

Jason threw a knife and teleported it with a burst of power, the sharp point driving home into the back of the gap-toothed bandit's neck. Henry fired two bronze projectiles with magic, both of them striking true. Gerry and the big man missing an ear both went down.

With a casual grace, Uluula stepped forward, brushing aside the last bandit's attack and skewering him with her wicked-looking spear. The violence had been fast, brutal, and final. Jason could hear Mareen gagging, and he didn't blame her a bit. In fact, it worried him a little that his nerves weren't frayed after the one-sided slaughter. When had this become normal? What is happening to me?

Bezzi-ibbi jumped down from the wagon and strode to the wolf Mo'hali kneeling on the road. The feline Mo'hali boy snapped out a question in his language, and the bandit flinched. The wolf Mo'hali made a pitiful noise and spoke for a minute in the same language before grabbing a knife, driving it toward his own throat.

Bezzi-ibbi grabbed the man's wrist in his unyielding, metallic left hand. Jason thought the scene would have been surreal if it wasn't so tense. The small Jaguar Clan boy in the pinstriped vest held the hulking wolf Mo'hali man completely immobile, hissing at him in Panum.

The wolf man dropped the knife and bowed his head, showing Bezzi-ibbi the back of his neck. Bezzi-ibbi slapped the man's head. After that, the Mo'hali man slowly stood and turned. He said, "My name is Rark-han. I am banished from the Cold Wolf Clan and currently clanless, disgraced. The Hero has forbidden me from taking my own life. I now follow him as a Ghost Claw."

Jason frowned and tried making sense of what had just happened. "Bezzi-ibbi, what is going on? How can we possibly trust this guy? Also, all the bandits were rapists, right? I thought rape was a capital offense on this world."

"Every world that is not a complete cesspit prescribes a death penalty for rape," Uluula snarled. Not for the first time, Jason was caught off guard by the different aspects of Uluula's personality. She didn't talk much about her past, but Jason knew she'd been a soldier. Sometimes when he caught glimpses of her savagery and uncompromising moral code, he wondered what the rest of the universe was like.

Bezzi-ibbi's eyes flashed. "He not rapist. He kill in fights, still criminal, though. He not allowed to kill self. Not his decision. Too much debt."

He turned back to Rark-han and grabbed the man's ear. "Fight with us." He rattled off another couple sentences in the Mo'hali language before repeating in Luda, "You fight for us." Rark-han's other ear flicked before drooping forward. He looked up, exposing more of his throat and stomach.

"Yes, Hero. I will serve. I will do anything. I wish to see the ancestors."

* * *

Minutes later, Jason was trudging through the forest and realized that their original half-baked plan had gone to hell. He glanced suspiciously at Rark-han. The man's leather armor creaked, and his canine ears drooped as he lead them to what he claimed was a seldom-used, less-guarded access to the bandit camp.

Jason wished Keeja would help them. She said she couldn't, but he wondered about that. Either way, she was staying with the wagons and reading a book. He supposed it was lucky she had even been willing to wear a shawl earlier to cover her necklace. There was no way anyone would have tried ambushing the caravan if they'd recognized Keeja, a high priestess of Dolos... even if she was effectively useless.

To his side, Henry all but seethed as they walked. Jason was concerned about his friend. To everyone's surprise, before they'd left the road, Henry had asked Rark-han if Jeth was with the bandits. The wolf man's expression turned grim, and he spat in disgust, "Yes. I curse that one. He is one of the most vile in the entire camp. He led our group to ambush your caravan."

Jason was curious. So far, he didn't trust Rark-han. The Mo'hali man was a self-admitted bandit and murderer. Jason still had a hard time imagining the man as a hardened criminal, though. Rark-han seemed more like a mercenary whose life had spiraled out of control than someone who preyed on others. In fact, when the atrocities of the bandit camp were briefly discussed on the road, the Mo'hali man looked disturbed and disgusted. Jason asked, "If you hate Jeth, why did you go with him to attack this caravan?"

Rark-han lowered his eyes and answered, "Two reasons. One was food. I don't eat very often. I can survive on some of what I find in the forest, but it's miserable. The larger reason was greed. I wanted enough money that I could leave this life and start a farm.

"I am an outcast. No Mo'hali Clans would take me. I needed to pay my debt to Thod in order to leave. Thod saved my life and offered me a pack. It is a matter of honor, the last of my honor. I had to soil what honor I had left every day by letting these creatures exist."

Henry narrowed his eyes. "Then why are you following Bezzi-ibbi now? Doesn't that mean you abandoned this Thod? Why didn't you kill yourself earlier, like weeks ago?" Henry snorted. "Better yet, why didn't you just leave?"

Rark-han looked even more miserable when he replied, "I did not have the courage to end my own life. I still held hope that I could see the ancestors after my death, that I could die well. And when the shame was too great, when I had to face my shame, the Hero stopped me. Now I must pay a life debt to all Mo'hali for my crimes. I would much rather be dead. I am a coward, and my life is no longer my own."

Jason shook his head. Mo'hali are crazy. Still, he was starting to realize that all Mo'hali seemed to share some baseline morality. The various Clans all probably had slight differences, though. Rark-han's code of honor seemed much more rigid than he remembered the Jaguar Clan's being.

He was also beginning to understand that Bezzi-ibbi's transformation into a Mo'hali Hero was a bigger deal than he'd originally thought. Rark-han treated Bezzi-ibbi like he was a saint, like a respected religious leader.

Jason just hoped Rark-han was truly on their side. The big man's bronze axes looked very effective. To be honest, their group could really use his help, though. The element of surprise was gone. If Rark-han was correct about number of bandits, the Delvers were badly outnumbered too. Their leader was orb-Bonded too.

That last part threw Jason off a bit. He was also surprised when Rark-han said all the bandits on the road had seen Bezzi-ibbi's Hero status too. Jason couldn't believe he and Henry had made such a huge oversight. Bezzi-ibbi should have been hiding with them. Jason really needed to stop thinking of Bezzi-ibbi as just a kid.

Unfortunately, since all the bandits rarely saw Thod, the bandit leader, Rark-han couldn't give Jason any more information about the man other than the fact he was orb-Bonded and very strong. It seemed the Bonded/Hero alert that Dolos had announced didn't happen unless someone was seeing a Holder for the first time or after a long time with no contact.

Jason was scared, but he was trying to control it. They were moving to attack a large group of hardened criminals who were undoubtedly waiting for them. Sometimes Jason still had a hard time accepting his new reality. He was on an alien world, using magic, and dating--well, sort of dating--an alien girl who killed people with a spear. It sounded like he was tripping on acid or reviewing the plot of a cracked-out anime.

Jason would have doubted his sanity at times, except he knew if this were truly a dream, his girlfriend would have been a cat girl. Maybe a pair of cat girl twins. The thought made Jason angry with himself. How could he simultaneously, deep down, want to meet some real life cat girls while still being so freaked out by Uluula suggesting real-world polygamy? How could he be dating such an amazing woman and still have these thoughts in the first place?

He'd never had this problem before, but he'd also never lived in a world where cat girls were real.

The Jaguar Clan Mo'hali women were sort of close to cat girls, but they were more fierce than cute. Yet to his shame, Jason had still had a hard time not staring at the Jaguar Clan women over the past week. He wasn't sure if he wanted to pet them or snuggle them or... Jason, you are a horny fool.

The worst part was he knew other feline Mo'hali races existed, and he was constantly afraid that he would make a fool of himself, especially if he ever met real cat girls. He really needed to get his own house if they survived this.

He also needed to make sure Uluula never found out about his interest in cat girls. He didn't know if she'd be angry or try to find a bunch of cat girls for him to marry. He was honestly not sure which idea was more terrifying. If it was the latter, he wasn't sure he'd have the strength of will to refuse.

Stupid Jason, you make no sense. He felt ashamed, but he couldn't lie to himself either. His fear was real. His weird relationship with Uluula confused the hell out of him too. They hadn't even kissed yet. He'd seen his girlfriend--sort of girlfriend--completely naked, and they hadn't even cuddled.

And he was thinking about Uluula's vigina when he was moving towards a life or death battle. What in the hell was this world doing to him? He didn't feel crazy. Was he crazy?

Rark-han held up a hand, signaling for quiet as they slowed their pace. They were getting close.

Jason shook his head and made a vow to himself that he would never, ever walk into a dangerous situation like this again with such a shoddy plan and so few people. This mission was a necessary evil to secure funding and powerful allies. If he and Henry survived, they'd actually have the infrastructure to start building a real power base. But whether they lived or died, Henry's mom would still be cured, so at least that was good.

If he and Henry had walked away from the Jaguar Clan, they would have had to fight a lot of innocent people who'd just tried to help them before. They might not have gotten away. He really didn't want to make an enemy of the Jaguar Clan. Jason didn't like his current situation, but they didn't have a lot of choice. That said, he never wanted to dance to the strings of another person or organization again.

Jason hadn't thought too much about getting stronger before, but as he moved through the dark forest towards a bloody fight with bandits, following the orders of others, he knew he had to acquire more power.

He had to be strong enough to never experience this situation again. He needed more physical power, more knowledge, more skill... he was too weak. He tightened his grip on his sword hilt as dark memories crawled up out of his subconscious. He'd been weak when he was a kid too, weak enough that he couldn't help his mother. Now, when he was trying to help his friend, he was still weak.

He couldn't be weak anymore.

The bloodlust he'd unleashed while escaping from the warehouse in Mirana stirred at the back of his mind. He let it grow, feeding it with his memories of helplessness and regret, his mistakes from hesitating too much. He would not let people he cared about get hurt again due to his inaction. Never again.

He saw the bandit on the small hill about the same time every else did. The sentry hadn't been making any noise, so even Henry hadn't known he was there until they all made eye contact. Before the man could give an alarm or anyone else could react, Jason had already teleported behind the sentry, whipping his sword in a glittering arc. As the bandit fell, Jason followed up his cut to the man's neck with a savage stab to the back, ensuring the job was complete. The entire attack was over in a couple seconds.

He turned back to the group. They were all staring at him. Henry's expression was thoughtful. Rark-han looked terrified, his ears laid back flat on his skull. Jason continued to feed his bloodlust with old weakness and regrets. Every time he'd felt helpless in his life, every memory of failure, he used them all to keep stoking the fire.

From the top of the hill, Jason could see the bandit camp. Rark-han had been telling the truth. The Delvers came out of the woods oriented to the side of the camp, and at a glance, it looked like most of the bandits were standing behind a large wooden palisade or crouching on crude towers. They were obviously expecting a head-on attack.

A few bandits stood around the camp, scanning random directions. Ah, that's right. Jeth knew what magic Henry and Jason used from the battle with the demon wolves.

Jason also saw the cages. He saw the people inside, some of them incredibly young. They were all dead. Each prisoner had arrows sticking out of them, lying motionless in their wooden enclosures.

The fire in Jason grew. He fed it his rage, his guilt. The prisoners might have been killed because of him. If Jeth had told them he could teleport, the bandits could have killed all the prisoners so Jason couldn't free and arm any of them. It made a savage sort of sense. Freed prisoners could have helped fight the bandits.

The bloodlust in him was too great now for dispassionate thought. He needed action. He had to protect his friends. He had to avenge these people. He needed to destroy anyone or anything that could visit such atrocities on innocent people.

He heard the rest of his group catching up but ignored them. Jason teleported up into the air and unleashed hell.





Bandits, Bandits Everywhere

Henry blinked in surprise when Jason took out the sentry in a vicious display of magic and skill. His friend's eyes were wild, his breathing erratic... He's about to snap, Henry thought.

When Jason turned and looked at the bandit camp, he grunted like he'd been hit. Then he glanced back one last time, snarled, and teleported. The bandits over the hill began yelling and sounding an alarm. Henry shook his head as he ran. Okay, he's fucking snapped.

Henry kept running until he got to the top of the hill and stopped when he saw the prisoners in the cages. Some of them were only children. A little, dark-haired boy lying on the bottom of one cage could have been sleeping if not for the arrow sticking out of his back. Henry felt his revulsion rising, a deep, terrible anger following it. They didn't even have a chance. Slaughtered in cages. He stood still for a few moments and breathed deeply to center himself. Losing his temper wouldn't help these people and would just dull his mind. It was a jagged pill to swallow, but he had to calm down.

Uluula was not so reserved. She took one look at the atrocities committed by the bandits, growled so deeply her petite body shook, and charged forward to help Jason. To her credit, she took a path winding behind trees and through dips in the terrain, but her efforts to avoid arrows proved to be unnecessary. All the bandits were focused on Jason. They shot arrow after arrow, but he was high enough in the sky that hitting him would have been difficult even without him teleporting all over the place.

Jason stayed mobile, constantly changing his vector, throwing knives, and screaming in inarticulate rage. Henry hoped his friend was still considering his own life, but it didn't look like the tall former programmer was doing much thinking at all at the moment.

Despite Jason's skill with throwing knives and the aid of his magic, he wasn't getting many solid hits. The bandits were ducking behind cover, staying mobile and out of his line of sight. They weren't exactly hardened soldiers, but they were still wily criminals. After seeing the first of their number go down, they made themselves more difficult targets.

Jason could throw a knife from pretty much any location and vector in his line of sight, but it was obviously still hard to hit a moving target.

Henry shook his head and started down the hill. He had to help his friends, which meant it was time to jump headlong into the fight. If he died, at least he knew he'd be killed doing something that mattered. He boosted his strength from the earth to his new maximum, increased since he'd been training, and bounded down the hill, armor rattling.

Henry gestured for Rark-han to follow him. The wolf Mo'hali got a nod of confirmation from Bezzi-ibbi and loped after Henry. The big man's axes flashed in the sun.

Rark-han let loose an ear-splitting howl as he ran towards the battle, as creepy as it was loud. Henry grinned, showing all his teeth, and his eyes grew hard. He wasn't Mo'hali, but he understood the sentiment. He let his killer's heart grow cold, his blood ice in his veins, and loosed his own howl. He charged the closest group of bandits with flashing bronze and righteous anger.

* * *

Mareen stood on the hill watching the chaos unfold and felt the pit of her stomach drop. What I am I doing here?

She gulped at witnessing evidence of the bandits' cruelty. Her fear grew when she realized how many bandits they were truly fighting. Meanwhile, Henry bowled into a whole group of bandits, scattering them with his superhuman strength before he and Rark-han held their position back-to-back.

Above Henry, Jason was like a god of death, delivering glittering knives out of nowhere to occasionally strike down archers and lightly armored bandits. He flew through the air, effortlessly dodging arrows and screaming his defiance at the bandits.

Despite the danger Jason was in, Mareen was most worried for Henry. Not only was he fighting for his life, he was also relying on a man who'd been an enemy less than an hour ago to watch his back. Mareen knew Mo'hali honor and culture was very strict, but she still felt sick to her stomach. If Rark-han betrayed them, Henry didn't have a chance.

What Henry needed was someone to guard his back. He needed someone he could depend on. He needed someone... who wasn't Mareen.

She knew she was useless. She was good at math, but anyone with parchment and pencils could do figures. She was decently educated, but that just took time and textbooks. Sure, she was a Life mage, but she wasn't all that powerful, and the two men she was trying to support could practically heal themselves. She knew how to use a bow, but she wasn't very skilled. Despite being stationed on top of a wagon, she hadn't been able to hit a single demon wolf when they'd attacked the caravan.

She didn't even have the upper body strength to use a real war bow, not that it mattered since her bow aim was as bad as Henry's throwing. She wasn't strong enough for every camp chore, and Henry could do most of them effortlessly anyway. She was a pretty good cook, but surprisingly, so was Jason.

Mareen knew that she could have gotten a job pretty much anywhere on Ludus with her magic, but compared to her friends, she felt like a failure. Nobody in the group said she was worthless, but she decided they were probably just being kind to her.

Mareen felt like she was betraying her decision to support Henry and Jason. There was no point in a servant that wasn't actually needed. What was more, it seemed like every time the stakes were raised or the situation grew more serious, her companions got more powerful, more skilled; Mareen didn't. She felt like she was stagnating, bringing dishonor to herself and her village. Plus, now that the group knew Jeth was a murdering rapist with the bandits, her village's honor was further damaged.

On top of everything else, she was fairly sure Henry knew about her girlish attraction now, and he wasn't even talking to her anymore. He was obviously not interested. He hadn't outright rejected her, but she knew it had to be coming. Her heart song had started to despair.

Mareen stood on the hill next to Bezzi-ibbi and realized she didn't know what to do. If she ran down to fight, she'd probably be a liability to her teammates. She felt deeply ashamed. Her father hadn't been Bonded. In fact, he hadn't even been born to this world, and he was still one of the greatest adventurers of his time. Meanwhile, Mareen, his daughter, was a failure.

Suddenly, Bezzi-ibbi cocked his head and ran off with no warning. His little legs moved incredibly quickly, and his tail stood straight out behind him as he sprinted. The boy was more graceful, powerful, and brave than Mareen could ever hope to be. Even the child is more useful than me!

Mareen was alone.

She stood watching the battle for a few more moments while she choked on her own helplessness.

The bandit archers were either dead or dying. It seemed Jason was about to run out of throwing knives and teleported to the top of a guard tower, probably to conserve energy.

Henry and Rark-han were joined by Uluula and were holding their own. Uluula was able to keep the bandits at bay with the length of her spear; Rark-han was skilled and fast, chopping at the bandits' weapons with his heavy axes; and Henry was like a force of nature. Some of the bandits had crude armor and a decent amount of skill, but Henry was skilled, armored, and his strength was overwhelming. If a terrified bandit took too long to dispatch, Henry simply shot them with one of his bronze projectiles.

Mareen wasn't a soldier, but even she realized that if Henry could reload more often instead of fighting hand-to-hand, the battle might already be over. It was too bad his strange weapons weren't more accurate, or he could have just stayed on the hill with her, cutting the bandits to pieces even faster than he already was.

Mareen carefully avoided studying the blood and death surrounding her. She knew she'd be fine as long as she didn't focus on anything that would make her nauseated. She had to be strong for her friends.

I will not be useless in this battle. I refuse to be! Mareen clenched her jaw.

She wanted to help, but she needed high ground to use her bow. Somewhere defensible... She spotted an empty, well-positioned bandit tower at the rear of the camp. With a new surge of determination, she began moving towards the tower through the woods on the perimeter of the camp.

She was afraid. She even felt like someone was watching her. She glanced around, steeled her spine, and continued on. She refused to be anything less than the best woman she could be. At least this way, if she still fell short of her friends, she would be able to stand among them without shame.

* * *

Henry was beginning to feel cautiously optimistic about the battle. Maybe I'm not going to die after all!

They'd taken down about half the bandits. The Delvers were still outnumbered, but every time a bandit popped out from behind cover to shoot an arrow or hurl a spear, Jason threw one of his few remaining knives. He didn't hit very often anymore, the bandits were too wily, but it kept them from interfering too much.

Henry knew Jason could probably teleport for a better position or even fight directly with his sword, but his friend was probably trying to conserve magic energy like he was. The amount of magic he and Jason had already used during the fight was greater than their maximum a few weeks ago.

Fighting people was proving to be difficult. The monsters they'd fought before were strong and fast, but they were stupid. The bandits were clever.

Bandits pressed Henry just enough that he couldn't easily load his exoguns. They also didn't give him time to aim. They threw themselves out of the way when he fired and stayed on the move. Henry was glad the bandits couldn't know they'd destroyed his ammo pouch too. The truth was he didn't even have much ammo left, only three more balls in his tube.

He could tell where the dropped ammo was by using his earth mapping skill, but there was no way he would have a chance to go back and pick the balls up.

Henry had a few moderate wounds on his body. He was starting to slow down too. His endurance skill and his healing ability were probably helping, but he was losing energy. He took an arrow to the back of his arm and had to rip it out, the broad head leaving a gaping, gushing wound. He didn't have time or space to deal with it, though. He just hoped his healing ability would close the wound before he got light-headed.

However, despite the grim situation, despite his injuries and the bandits fighting more smartly, it still appeared he might yet survive. As he cut down another bandit with his heavy khopesh, Henry created just enough space to load a ball in an exogun and shoot another bandit. Damn. It was a bad shot. He just hit the man's arm.

The wounded bandit fell back, but Henry needed to stop him. A living bandit was one who could still throw weapons or take advantage of opportunities. Henry gritted his teeth and loaded the exogun with another of his two remaining projectiles. He fired again from the hip and got lucky. The bandit fell back, groaning and clutching his chest.

Henry decided he'd learned his lesson. If he ever walked into another battle, he would be sure to have a better ammo retention system. He probably needed to upgrade his exoguns too. They were working well enough, but he really needed a self-contained weapon.

Between Jason's rage-fed attacks and Henry destroying an entire small group of bandits by himself, they'd helped even the odds a lot in the first few minutes of the skirmish.

Now the battle was definitely turning in their favor. There were only a handful of bandits remaining, and those who were still alive wouldn't fight Henry's group head-on. They mostly threw weapons and rocks at them from behind cover, only occasionally running in from behind a tent or shed if they thought the group was distracted. Henry was able to easily block the projectiles with his bronze-covered shield.

Suddenly, Henry caught movement out the corner of his eye. He turned his head quickly enough to see a large wooden barrel crash into Jason, knocking his friend from the top of the tower he'd been on. Jason landed in a boneless heap on the ground.

Henry turned towards where the barrel had come from. He saw an average-sized man with dark hair and a dusky complexion walking towards them from a cave at the rear of the camp. "You know," said the man, "you've done me a great favor. In the time it took me to completely wake up and put on my armor, you managed to kill off most of my men. I have a cave full of goods to sell, and now I don't have to split it so many ways. I just became a much richer man."

The swarthy man carried an enormous bronze sword. Henry was shocked. That thing must weigh a ton. The man also wore what looked like bronze lamellar armor. The way the armor moved and hung, each plate looked obscenely thick. A normal person probably couldn't have even picked it up, much less worn it. The man's bronze barbute helmet also looked unusually thick.

The man shouted, "The rest of you lot from my camp, get out of here. If you stay longer, you'll probably die, and I don't want to build an entirely new crew from the ground up!" The handful of remaining bandits ran away without a backwards glance, more afraid of the man walking towards them than of Henry and his friends.

Henry began to get a really bad feeling. When the man got closer, he understood why. A chime sounded in his head and text scrolled over his left eye:

Thod Te Ver Nacker, Ludan, Berban

Dolos Orb, Modular Build, Generation One

Second Rank

Thod continued to approach them, his body language relaxed, absently twirling his huge sword. "These new alerts from Dolos are really convenient. Is your friend only a first-rank Bonded too? I'm impressed that you were able to take out so many of my men. I hope you know this isn't personal, but I need to kill you now. The bounty announcement from Dolos was the best thing that ever happened to me."

Henry blinked and tightened his grip on his sword. He was already tired and covered in blood, and a lot of it was his. Meanwhile, Jason wasn't moving; Uluula was panting, leaning on her spear; and Rark-han looked terrified. Henry had no idea where Mareen or Bezzi-ibbi was at.

He sighed. You've gotta be fucking kidding me.





Collapse

Mareen was nearing the empty tower and almost out of the forest when someone tackled her to the ground. It took her a second to understand what was happening. The sounds of the nearby battle were so loud and constant that she hadn't heard anyone behind her until it was too late.

Mareen's first thought was to go for her dagger or her boot knife. She had to escape to help her friends. Her determination to be more useful to the group was still burning in her chest; the gravity of the situation didn't sink in right away. She tried to grab a weapon, but her body was completely restrained.

Then she heard a voice, an awful, familiar voice, and everything went to hell. "Hello, Mareen. It's nice to see you again," whispered Jeth. Jeth was on top of her. Jeth was on top of her. She was helpless and JETH WAS ON TOP OF HER!

No, no, no! Mareen screamed in her mind. She knew she was panicking, but she couldn't help it. Her mind went blank. Her determination from moments before shrunk down to be replaced by fear. Old, dirty, shameful fear settled in, crawling over her reason, covering and staining her other emotions like a layer of grease.

Mareen tried to calm herself, but her breathing kept speeding up so fast it was hard to get any air. Jeth held one of her wrists from behind and tangled his other hand in her hair. "I'm so glad you came back to me, Mareen! My Mareen..." Jeth removed his hand from her hair and stroked her cheek with the back of his hand. Mareen shivered uncontrollably. Jeth suddenly slapped her face and the back of her head several times before painfully biting her ear.

"Still a tease! Still mocking me! But that's okay. We have lots of time now, don't we, Mareen? Lots of time with nobody around. Nobody at all." Jeth giggled and roughly forced his hand down the neck of Mareen's dress to pinch her back.

"Oh! I have something to show you!" Jeth's voice turned singsong as he reach back behind him. Then he shoved a small, plain wooden box in her face. "Do you know what this is?"

Jeth slowly opened the box, and despite her terror, Mareen gasped. Nestled on a bed of straw was a round, bright metal sphere. She'd never seen a Dolos orb in person before, but she immediately recognized one when she saw it.

Jeth closed the box up and held it under her nose. "Yes, yes, I know you know what this is! Aren't you happy for me? I finally have everything I ever wanted! You and I will get reacquainted, then I will swallow this orb before I go to sleep. The directions in the box were specific.

"When I wake up tomorrow, I'll be able to take anything I want." Jeth giggled for a moment before hissing and smashing the box into Mareen's nose once, twice, three times.

Mareen's eyes watered, and despite herself she grunted in pain. Jeth squirmed on top of her, grabbing her hair again and slamming her head into the ground. "You know you need to be punished, Mareen. My Mareen! Why else would you come back to me?"

Mareen's heart was beating so fast it felt like her ribcage would burst. She was trapped. Trapped, trapped, trapped! Completely helpless. What should she do? She couldn't even scream. Her voice felt like it was captive in her throat the same way her body was being pressed into the loamy soil and rotting leaves. She felt like a prisoner inside her own body.

Even if she managed to scream, nobody would hear her over the noise of the battle. If a miracle happened and someone did hear her, it'd most likely be another bandit. Mareen was on her own.

All on her own.

Suddenly, Mareen gasped. She felt a deep, terrible pain in her lower back. A pinch and then a numb, cold sensation that let her know she'd been seriously injured. The only other time she'd felt anything like it before was when she was young and a stick had gone through her lip after falling off a wagon.

This sensation was several times worse.

She hurt so bad the only noise she could make was a low whine. Jeth tsked at her, "Don't be such a baby. I didn't even stab you that hard. I just wanted to test my new knife." Jeth waved a blade in front of her face. Mareen absently noted that the dagger was steel, but much more pressing to her at the moment was the fact it was covered in blood--her blood.

She was definitely wounded in the lower back, and now that Jeth was lying on that area of her body again, the pain was beginning to spread. Deep, throbbing pain echoed throughout her entire body. She felt her blood begin to make the back of her dress warm and damp.

Jeth stabbed her again, this time in the arm above the wrist he was holding. He conversationally drawled, "You know, I've gotten good at this sort of thing. I know exactly how to treat you, Mareen. My Mareen. Imagine how good things could have been if you hadn't been such a stupid, little cunt!"

Jeth hit her in the temple with the pommel of the dagger, and Mareen's vision went black for a second. The blow seemed to rattle her brain, but instead of making her more confused, she felt a spark of something new, a spark of anger. Mareen felt like she'd woken from a daze. Her thoughts focused, and she knew with certainty that nobody was going to help her. If she didn't do something, she was going to wind up dead, probably horribly dead after being tortured and raped.

No.

The single word echoed through her mind with force, with conviction.

No.

She was not going to be a victim. She'd worked her whole life to be a good person, to find her rotting heart song.

No.

She rejected her situation. Her soul thrummed with the power of her resolve. She was done being weak. She knew she was smart. It was time to use her brain for something other than second-guessing herself.

She had made a decision to support Henry and Jason. She was going to keep her doomed word. She was going to help save the world, and she would not betray herself nor her beliefs by letting a man--no, a creature--like Jeth have his way.

Jeth cut her scalp and the top of her ear with his dagger. Mareen whimpered again, but this time she intentionally made the noise as dramatic as possible. Jeth had always been creepy and weird, but he was obviously completely unhinged now. She was going to use it against him.

"Do you see what you make me do?" Jeth whispered. "Why are you making me do this to you, Mareen? We could have been happy together. But no, you had to follow that Terran trash Jason around and destroy everything we had!"

Jeth slashed her leg below where he was straddling her. The cut burned like fire. Mareen used it. She channeled the pain and moaned, writhing her body. Trying to move provocatively hurt like hell, but she had to satisfy Jeth's delusion. She had never been so scared in her life, but she channeled that too.

"Do you see? Do you see now?" Jeth's voice was panting and manic.

Mareen had no idea what Jeth was talking about, but she played along, "Yes. Yes, I'll be good." The words tasted rancid in her mouth.

"You will?" Jeth sounded pleased and dreamily surprised.

Mareen moaned, "Yes, you were the man for me."

"I protected you, you know. Always protected you."

"Yes, I see that now. Always watching me."

Jeth slowly bounced his knife tip against the back of her neck. "It's too late now, though. You know that, right? I need to hurt you. You need it. You need to pay."

"Yes, I know." Mareen tried not to cringe and said the most difficult words of her life, "Please kiss me while you hurt me. I want to know what we'd have if I wasn't stupid. I'm still a virgin." She tried to make her voice small and pleading. Mareen felt Jeth grow excited behind her and suppressed a shudder.

He jerked her head around. "No tricks! Where are your weapons?"

"I have the bow on the ground, a dagger on my belt, and a boot knife in my right boot."

Jeth verified that her weapons were located where she said and tossed them away. He restrained her less firmly while he searched, taking the opportunity to grope her body.

Instead of trying to get away, Mareen held still. She pretended she was far away from what was happening, just watching everything happen. She made sure to whimper, the sound only half-feigned. She was bleeding, weak, and Jeth could still easily kill her if she tried to free herself. Patience.

She could feel him smiling behind her. "Yes, yes, you were telling the truth. That's a good little whore. An obedient twat." Jeth trailed the tip of his dagger over the back of her neck again. "A kiss, huh?"

Before Mareen knew what was happening, Jeth rolled her over and roughly shoved his lips against hers. He forced his tongue into her mouth and held her hair in one hand while he stabbed her in the thigh with his dagger.

Mareen blinked away tears and tried to focus her mind in spite of the kiss, her first kiss. No. Please, Creator, no. She desperately wished Henry was there to save her, but she was on her own. It was time to save herself. As she pursed her lips and forced Jeth's tongue out of her mouth, she felt him start to jerk back. She looked him right in the eyes, putting all the scorn and anger into her expression that she could. She hoped he would recognize the look and take it with him back to hell. At the last moment before she acted, she saw realization in his eyes as the crucial fact he'd forgotten in his delusions and violence came back to him.

She was a mage.

Mareen spit, using her only known Water-school attack. Her magic acidic spittle normally didn't have enough force to punch through hard objects, but she'd put all of her power into the strike, holding almost nothing back. Plus, she'd hit Jeth at point-blank range... in his open mouth.

The caustic missile erupted out the back of Jeth's head, and when he jerked back in shock, Mareen ripped the dagger from his hand and stabbed. And stabbed. And stabbed.

She didn't know how many times she stabbed him, screaming, but her throat was raw by the time she fell back and threw up.

So much blood.

Mareen lay on the ground in the forest, curled in a ball, sobbing and cradling the steel dagger to her stomach. She was covered in dirt, blood, and piss. She didn't know if the filth was hers or Jeth's, and she didn't really care. She was too busy desperately channeling what little magic she had left to stop some bleeding. If she couldn't slow her blood loss, she might still end up dying, and if she was going to die, she would be damned if she did so next to Jeth's cooling body.

She prayed, Why, God, why? Why did I ever have to meet Jeth?

* * *

Jason woke up in a daze. He couldn't remember how he'd ended up on the ground, just a hazy memory of something big coming at him. He saw the cracked barrel nearby on the ground and was able to figure out what had happened.

"Ouch!" Jason hissed in pain. He was sure at least one rib, his nose, and his left arm were broken. He still felt a little confused and had a hard time focusing. He blinked and moved his jaw around. I might have a concussion.

He had deep bruises all over his body, and since he'd fallen from about ten feet up, he was amazed he hadn't broken a hip or a leg. In fact, he probably still should have been unconscious on the ground. His healing ability or endurance was probably responsible for the fact he was even awake.

Jason shook his head and oriented himself by the sounds of fighting. He ambled around a small shed blocking his view and got his first look at his friends fighting for their lives. First he heard a chime in his head and saw Thod's information scroll over his left eye. Second-rank Bonded? Jason shook his head and tried to focus his eyes better. He got them working better right before Thod cut off Rark-han's arm at the elbow with his massive sword.

What the hell? Jason had barely even seen the attack it was so fast.

Rark-han hollered and sprung away, droplets of blood trailing behind him. The shocking scene caused Jason's body to immediately dump adrenaline into his system. He felt more alert and awake, but he knew there'd be a price to pay later. His whole body was beat up, and he was running low on magic, but at least he could think again. He'd deal with all the consequences in the future. If he had a future.

Henry was barely holding his own. Thod was obviously stronger. As Jason watched, he realized his friend was probably only still alive due to skill. Thod was incredibly strong; his sword probably weighed forty or fifty pounds, and he swung it around like it was a letter opener. Still, Henry definitely had a significant edge in technique. He was beat up, though. His gear was all dented, his sword bent, and he was favoring his shield arm.

Uluula was small and light on her feet. So far she'd avoided taking any damage.

Thod grinned and reared back with a big, overhead swing. Henry tried to hop back, but he tripped on a rock and fell on his butt. Jason sped up his perception of time on reflex and watched Thod's huge sword descend in slow motion.

Jason teleported in front of Henry, extended a hand and created a null-time shield. Thod's sword stopped cold, and the man grunted, stepping back. He spoke in a friendly tone of voice, "Another first-rank Bonded, eh? I thought so. I'm kind of amazed you are all still alive. You're very skilled. I may have to try something else here."

Without warning, Thod cut himself and swung his arm. Each scattered drop of blood accelerated to incredible speed, fanning out in an arc of destruction. Jason maintained his null-time shield, but each impact hit hard. His shield trembled, and he had to grit his teeth to keep it up.

Thod widened his eyes. "Wow, you really are skilled. My magic is kind of weak, but I put a lot of my reserves into that attack."

Jason gritted his teeth and asked, "Henry, why haven't you shot him?"

"I did. Every ball I had left. It didn't even phase him. I don't think any of them even got through his armor."

"What about your big ones?"

"Those take a lot of power. I can try one, but I need a little time and he's not giving me much breathing room."

"Okay, get one ready."

"I'll help." Uluula leveled her spear.

Jason kept his eyes on Thod but said out the side of his mouth, "Okay, but concentrate more on tripping him or messing up his balance. I don't think you can get through his armor with your spear, right?"

"No, but I can aim for the eyes."

Jason nodded and said, "Okay, you do that." He was worried for Uluula, but he was worried for everyone at this point, so all the anxiety kind of bled together.

Thod just stood there at the ready, watching them with a mocking smile. "You know, this is all pointless. Maybe I should prove to you just how meaningless all of this truly is."

"Yeah, whatever man." Jason burst into motion, ignoring his aches and pains. He teleported behind Thod and released his last throwing knife right at the back of the man's head. His emotions surged when Thod didn't move, didn't even glance back. Maybe he'd caught the bandit by surprise? The blade hit the back of Thod's head. Jason's jaw dropped as the tip bent and the knife bounced away. What the...?

Thod turned and swung his sword so fast that Jason barely had time to react even with his perception of time slowed down. He barely teleported fast enough to avoid getting cut in half. He reappeared a short distance away, making made a small "Eep!" when he realized Thod was already almost on top of him again, swinging his giant sword. The man was unbelievably fast! Jason teleported straight up into the air and thought he would be safe until a softball-sized stone glanced off his shoulder, breaking his other arm.

This is ridiculous! Jason teleported behind Henry, near where Rark-han still crouched, growling and holding the stump of his arm. The wolf man rumbled, "He moves so fast I don't think we could even run away. He's been toying with us the entire time." The Mo'hali warrior was obviously terrified out of his mind.

Jason agreed with him, Thod was handing them their asses, and he wasn't even breaking a sweat. Still, there was hope. Henry attached his largest tube, his exocannon, with one of the heavy, finned weapons loaded. He lined up a shot at Thod, and the other man just cocked his head in curiosity. Henry fired.

Jason was expecting at least some noise but the sonic boom the big missile created was deafening. Thod was completely blown off his feet, pieces of his armor scattering everywhere, whizzing around at high speed. The bandit's leader slid about twenty feet away and came to a stop. Did we get him? Jason dared to hope.

His stomach dropped when Thod got up, dusting his armor off like nothing important had happened. A large hole was open on his chest, dozens of thick lamellar plates blown off. His clothing underneath was torn too, but there wasn't even a mark on the man's skin.

While he cleaned himself off, Thod said, "You know, a Dolos priestess told me a couple years ago that the first generation of modular orbs like I have were strong with physical skills and weak with magic. The second generation was the opposite--heavy on magic, weak on physical skills. Third generation orbs, like you have, are somewhere in between."

He continued, "Knowing that, in hindsight, I'm glad I chose to specialize in strength, speed, and durability. After I got a spirit stone and I was able to choose more skills, I specialized further. I'll admit that attack just now probably would have killed me if I wasn't wearing this armor. Unfortunately for you, I was.

"Now I won't let you attack like that again. It's not personal. Repairing this armor is going to take forever now. It weighs as much as a wagon, you know. Nobody is strong enough to fix it but me."

Thod sprang forward, swinging his giant sword that he'd somehow retained. Henry blocked with his shield, angling it to absorb the blow, but the strike still hit so hard his shield dented and split. Henry howled as his arm shattered.

Thod wound up for another blow, but Jason teleported himself forward and put up a null-time shield again. He was so tired he accidentally placed it in the wrong spot. Thod's sword hit the side of the shield, and the blade's tip neatly sheared off. Jason blinked in surprise. He hadn't known his shield could do that.

UIuula took advantage of the confusion to lunge forward, jabbing her spear at Thod's eyes. He caught her spear in one hand, dropped his sword, and casually smashed her away with a fist.

Jason felt his eyes grow wild when he saw Uluula go down. He dropped his null-time shield, teleported behind Thod, and drew his sword. His was arms were numb. He knew he'd pay for abusing his body so much, but he didn't have any other options.

Thod turned and easily caught his wrist. Jason cried out as the man crushed his bones, dragging him forward as he took two quick steps to close the distance with Henry. Henry was about to spring away, but Thod was unbelievably fast. He grabbed Henry's broken shield, still attached to his broken arm, and pulled him forward. Henry screamed in pain, and his eyes widened in surprise as Thod swung an armored fist. The blow connected with Henry's head, knocking him back like a rag doll. He didn't get up.

Then Thod turned to Jason again. The whole time, Jason had a dagger in his free hand, using all the strength he had in his broken arm to stab the bandit, but he couldn't even scratch him. Even the portions of Thod's body that weren't covered in armor felt like trying to stab through rock.

The last thing Jason saw was Thod smiling widely before punching Jason in the face. It felt like a tree had been dropped on his head. He passed out, the darkness welcoming him for the second time that day.

* * *

Bezzi-ibbi crouched behind a rock and watched Jason and Henry fight Thod. He desperately wanted to help, but he didn't want his brothers to know about his Hero power. He was afraid they'd hate him.

He'd still been able to assist his brothers during the larger fight. The short sword he'd drawn from his metallic arm was incredibly sharp and fast. Bezzi-ibbi had killed two bandits earlier. The first time he killed a person, he'd been amazed how easy it was. He hadn't felt any remorse or any of the sorrow he'd heard other adventurers or soldiers speak of. They said they were haunted by their first kill. Bezzi-ibbi didn't understand. Some people just needed to be exterminated.

These were bad people. They hurt women; they hurt children; they hurt his Clan. They deserved death. To Bezzi-ibbi, it was simple.

What wasn't so simple was what he should do now. His indecision was about to cost him his brothers' lives. Thod had knocked Henry, Jason, and Uluula unconscious. Rark-han quivered in fear, unmoving, the stump of his arm leaking blood past his fingers.

Bezzi-ibbi felt deep shame. He'd hesitated, and now his brothers were on the ground. Thod went back and bent down to pick up his ruined sword. He was obviously going to kill Henry-ibbi and Jason-ibbi.

The Mo'hali boy snarled and jogged forward. Thod raised his eyebrows and smiled as he read Bezzi-ibbi's Hero status over his left eye. "Now a Mo'hali Hero child? This day keeps getting better and better!"

The man chuckled, but Bezzi-ibbi didn't waste any words. This wasn't personal--at least he told himself that. The man had hurt his family and needed to die.

Bezzi-ibbi unleashed his power. It made the air hum and his skin crawl; his whiskers hurt too.

Without warning, Thod collapsed on the ground under the weight of his armor. He tried to roll over and lift his sword, but all he could do was awkwardly wave the heavy, oversized weapon in the air. His arm wobbled.

"What did you do?" he gasped.

Bezzi-ibbi shook his head. "I am Hero. Heroes exist make Mo'hali strong. Bring balance. You are arrogant with orb, with power."

Bezzi-ibbi took a deep breath and prepared to say the ritual words. Honor dictated he use correct Luda for the official pronouncement. He didn't enjoy speaking Luda correctly, but for something this important, he could not buck tradition. "I, Bezzi-ibbi of the Jaguar Clan, Clan Heir and current Mo'hali Hero make this sentence in the day. Through the wisdom of the ancestors that came before, I sentence you to death for crimes numbering too great to list."

Thod opened his mouth to speak and grabbed at Bezzi-ibbi's ankle, but the Mo'hali boy ignored him. He thrust his short sword through the man's eye. Bezzi-ibbi rather liked Uluula, and he thought the small, fierce woman would have approved. He turned away from the dying man, the corpse's body spasming as it clung to life. The scene was scene unpleasant.

Bezzi-ibbi flicked the blood off his sword and reabsorbed it into his arm. He had to remain vigilant. There were still bandits around he had to watch for, but with Thod dead, the next item on his to-do list was to find Mareen. He also needed to send a magic messenger bird back to his Clan on behalf of Henry-ibbi and Jason-ibbi. Hopefully he could find Mareen quickly so she could send it.

He sighed and got busy. He had a lot of work to do.





Bandages in Bed

Henry was standing in a desert. A ruined tank and pieces of old Soviet airplanes poked out of the sand in the distance. Oh hell, not this again.

Henry turned around in annoyance, but he already knew what he'd see. A man was standing in the desert wearing slacks, a button-down shirt, a tie, and a halfway-unzipped sweater vest. He was an older man, standing about six feet tall, and his smile was friendly. His eyes twinkled. "Welcome back to my neighborhood, Henr--"

"We talked about this, motherfucker. You are an orb, some sort of Dhu-controlling device. You are not my childhood hero. I refuse to call you by that man's name. He was a great man. You are just Bob. No 'mister' either. Just Bob."

"Well, that's fine, Henry, but--"

"And stop calling this your neighborhood. This is a desert in Afghanistan. Why couldn't you appear as a bikini model or something?"

"We already talked about this, Henry. I appear as a character from your childhood that will put you at ease. The setting is to relax you too. Your mind is very complex, so I'm not sure why images of this place where you experienced so much grief would also put you at rest. I just know it does. You told Jason that I appeared as a bikini model. Why did you lie?"

"It doesn't matter!" Henry snarled. "Why are you here?"

"Well, your mind is in a unique state right now, so we can talk. I decided you would want to have a little get-together, neighbor. You know, I don't really have my own mind, not really. I'm just a tool. But I do passively watch what is happening in your life. My main job is to help you merge with your orb.

"I sensed you still have unanswered questions from the last time we met, and it seems you might get a spirit stone soon to raise your abilities. Now we can have a nice little sit-down and chat."

Bob-in-the-sweater waved his hand, and chairs instantly appeared out of nowhere. Henry eyed the nearest leather recliner with suspicion before gingerly sitting. "Okay, I'll admit I have some questions. I also don't remember what all my choices were if I level up again. Let's talk."

* * *

Henry woke up in a rustic wooden bed in a house made of logs. Jason was sleeping in a similar bed a few feet away. He did a double take. Did I just go back in time? But no, this was not George's house in the farming village. For one, this building was significantly bigger.

Henry looked around and noticed Mareen sleeping on a bed in another room. Bezzi-ibbi was half-asleep in a chair across from Jason's bed. The boy jumped forward when Henry tried sitting up.

Henry's entire body hurt. He felt like he'd gotten hit by a truck... Well, either a truck or a man with superpowers wearing a truck's weight in armor. He was amazed he was still alive. His last memory was of getting his ass kicked by Thod, the walking bandit-tank.

He groaned and rubbed sleep out of his eyes. "How long have I been out for, Bezzi-ibbi?"

The Mo'hali boy drummed his curiously padded fingers on his metal arm, not looking Henry in the eye. "Early next morning."

Henry nodded and said, "Okay." He held up an arm swathed in bandages. "Can you also tell me why I'm wearing splints on my arms and legs?"

Bezzi-ibbi became noticeably agitated. "Want tell you and Jason-ibbi. Same time."

"Okay, I'm assuming this has something to do with why we're still alive, right?"

"Yes."

"Okay, where're Keeja and Uluula? Are they okay?"

"Yes! Keeja! Uluula!" Bezzi-ibbi nodded and practically ran from the room. Is he avoiding me? Henry shook his head. He was still half-asleep, but something weird was going on. First of all and most importantly, he knew he should probably be dead.

Henry had a feeling he was about to be involved in a serious discussion, so he wanted another pair of ears involved. His fuzzy head made his thoughts feel heavy. He really needed to find a good source for whatever the Ludus version of coffee was if such a thing even existed. What a terrible thought. Coffee had better fucking exist on this world, or he was going on strike.

He grabbed his sheathed sword leaning against the wall and hit Jason with it a few times. "Wake up, you lanky bastard. We're alive."

Jason groaned and didn't open his eyes. Henry smacked him a few more times, eventually pushing the tip of the sheath into his friend's nostril. Jason pushed it away irritably and sat up, glaring at Henry. When the covers slipped down, Henry could see that Jason had even more bandages than he did.

What the hell was going on?

Jason slowly dragged a hand over his face and said, "I can see we are still alive and you are still seriously testing my patience. Dear God, why must I be shackled to this Asian idiot? Also, why are all these bandages on me? Don't we heal really fast nowadays?"

"That's what I just asked, and Bezzi-ibbi ran out of the room. I think he went to get Uluula and Keeja. I saw Mareen in the next room--"

He stopped talking as Mareen walked into view. She seemed wide awake, and her eyes were haunted but sharp. She was wearing a loose robe and holding a beautiful steel dagger. That's new, thought Henry.

"Hi, Mareen, how are you--"

"I have some things to say to both of you and to you alone, Henry. Please listen."

Suddenly, Henry's head didn't feel quite so fuzzy anymore. A surge of adrenaline coursed through his body. He patted his scarred leg and gave Mareen his undivided attention. He wasn't sure why, but his instincts were screaming at him to wake up as fast as he could.

Mareen cleared her throat and said, "I got a Dolos orb. During the attack, I killed Jeth. He had the orb and this blessed steel dagger in his possession." Mareen held up the dagger in her hand. It was still sheathed, but Henry could tell it was a very high quality weapon. Mareen's hand trembled as she regarded the weapon with mixed admiration and distaste before she dropped her arm.

"I am an employee of Delvers, LLC, and as the adventure company leaders, you have first pick of any treasure. However, I claimed the orb as mine. I believe it was technically my right since Jeth's attack could be considered a vendetta.

"On the other hand, I am an indentured servant, and... I already swallowed the orb a few hours ago. I am prepared to be punished if you feel it's necessary."

Henry blinked. That was a lot of shit to process right after waking up.

Of course, Jason had no problem keeping up--the bastard. "That's fine, Mareen. I would have preferred that you asked one of us first, but what's done is done."

Mareen's stern expression cracked a little. "Don't you at least want to know what kind of orb it was? What it was worth?"

Jason smiled. "I guess those would be good questions. Do you even know--like, did it come with instructions? Did you visit with someone in your dreams?"

"What? Huh? No. Keeja said it was an older body-strengthening orb. It will make the Bonded stronger and more durable, help some with coordination. She actually said it's really old so the effects won't be anywhere near as powerful as newer orbs'."

"How did Keeja know?" Henry frowned.

"She's a high priestess. She can just look at an orb and identify it."

The whole thing sounded shady to Henry, but he kept his mouth shut. He might have been tempted to sell an orb and invest the money in Delvers, LLC prior to Dolos' little battle royal announcement. However, now they needed allies more than money.

He probably would have wanted to give the orb to Mareen anyway. She did her best to help, and she was obviously serious about her debt. Henry idly rubbed the mark on his finger with a thumb.

Henry nodded when Jason glanced a question at him. He was content to let his friend keep doing the talking for the time being. Henry's mouth was dry, and despite his best efforts, he still wasn't mentally feeling a hundred percent yet. Maybe it had something to do with his orb's visit while he was unconscious.

Jason assured, "We're fine with you taking the orb and the dagger. You've helped us ever since we came to this planet."

Mareen nodded, but she didn't relax. "Good. Now I have something else to say. I was almost murdered. I've been an idiot, and it took getting stabbed in the back, almost murdered, to realize life is fleeting."

Mareen turned to Henry and looked him straight in the eyes. "Henry, I have a feeling this won't go well, but I have to say it anyway. I like you. You're disgusting, you're flippant, you have terrible manners, you're harsh to your friends, you're emotionally stunted, you have deep wounds from your past, and you can't take a hint. And yet, I still care about you. I want you to start courting me. I don't want to be alone again when this world is cruel..."

Mareen's eyes misted up, and she swallowed, visibly keeping her emotions under control. Henry's mind was unfogged enough to wonder, What in the hell happened to her? Mareen nervously tucked her hair behind an ear, and Henry saw it was notched at the top from a cut. That was definitely new.

He dragged himself back to the discussion, trying to fight through his surprise as Mareen continued, "I don't know if you'll have me, but from the moment you saved me from the goblins, I've been hearing my heart song. Please consider my request."

Henry stared at Mareen, and she stared right back. She bit her lower lip, but other than that, her gaze was steady and her shoulders square. Henry didn't know what to say. He was definitely attracted to Mareen, but would she really be happy with someone like him? Every fault she'd listed he had was the truth. He couldn't deny any of it.

Henry shook his head. "I'm almost thirty years old in Earth years. You're what, nineteen? I'm too old for you. I have too many issues I haven't resolved yet and--"

"That is your reason for turning me down? Age?" Mareen's eyes flashed, and Henry felt a stab of worry. Was she going to blow up like before in the carriage? "That is the stupidest rotting reason I've ever heard. We are living on a cursed monster world. People die from demon plants. Are you seriously suggesting that we can't court because you're ten rotting years older than me?

"I already asked Jason about this too. Couples with our age difference are common in your world.

"Lastly, you're orb-Bonded. Now I'm Bonded too. We're going to live a long, long time. How impossibly narrow-minded could you be? Not only that, all your experience is on a different world. In this world, I'm older than you and obviously more mature!"

She was cursing at him again. Henry didn't think her last point even made much sense. He felt his temper rising in response to Mareen's. "Look, I'm sorry I'm old and crusty, but that is the reality of the situation and--"

"STOP!" hollered Jason. Henry was so surprised by his friend's tone that he shut his mouth with a click. Mareen's eyes were wide as dinner plates. Neither of them ever heard Jason yell like that before, at least not during a conversation. "You two are both complete idiots! I didn't want to get involved, but you're both my friends and I am putting my foot down right now."

Jason struggled to sit up straighter in bed and cleared his throat before continuing. "Go on a walk today after sunset. Just do it. Talk. Don't make accusations. You are both torturing me with your emotional fumbling. This entire conversation is ridiculous, and it makes me want to kick both of you. Just talk to each other. Christ."

Jason fell back against the headboard of his bed, exhausted.

Henry caught Mareen's eye, and she gave a little nod. He nodded back. They'd talk later. That would be when he would make her understand why it couldn't work. Sure, she was brave and smart. She also had fantastic, perky tits, and the way her ass swayed while she walked was... He mentally shook his head. They'd talk later.

There were a few moments of uncomfortable silence before Bezzi-ibbi hurried back into the room with Keeja and Uluula in tow. Uluula went straight for Jason and began fussing over him. Henry briefly wondered what it would be like if Mareen fussed over him that way, but he shook his head, clearing the image. He couldn't let her confession get to his head.

No woman deserved tying her life to his while his head was not screwed on straight.

Henry was about to lose his patience and break the strained silence when Kinwe-na-ibbi, Bezzi-ibbi's mouse-race rekke, walked into the room. He blinked. Now he had even more questions. Plus, the room was getting crowded, and he was starting to feel self-conscious that he was still lying in bed in his underwear. It felt like everyone was staring at him. On top of everything else, he had to pee.

Henry focused on keeping his tone polite when he asked, "What the hell is going on?"

Kinwe-na-ibbi glided forward, her black-and-green robes flowing around her. Once again, Henry was struck by the enormous magical energy he could sense from the small Mo'hali woman. She touched both shoulders, her arms crossed. Then she bowed and said, "Greetings. Henry-ibbi, Jason-ibbi, I am here as the official representative of the Jaguar Clan in this matter."

"How did you get here? It's only been a day since we found the bandits and got our asses kicked, right?" Despite his best effort, Henry knew his tone was probably grumpy.

Kinwe-na-ibbi didn't seem to mind. She nodded and gestured at Bezzi-ibbi. "The Hero alerted us to the situation. When you succeeded in your mission, each of you were immediately full-fledged members of the Clan. The Hero sent a magic messenger bird via Mareen letting us know that two highly ranked members of the Jaguar Clan required assistance."

"Well, it's convenient how that worked out. I suppose I shouldn't complain." Henry didn't like politics in general, but when they worked in his favor, he'd take what he could get.

Jason raised a hand and said, "I have some questions."

"You may ask me whatever you wish, Jason-ibbi," the regal mouse woman responded.

Jason rubbed his chin. "First... what is a magic messenger bird? I've heard that term come up several times since I came to this planet."

Henry felt a familiar surge of irritation and said, "It sounds stupid. I'm surprised they don't call it some kind of demon."

Kinwe-na-ibbi smiled slightly. "A magic messenger bird is actually a type of benevolent demon. They are small, fast, and intelligent enough to understand speech. Any mage has the ability to summon one and request a message be taken to a simple location. Before or after the message is delivered, the magic messenger bird is paid in gold, a cheap metal on Ludus.

"Gold?" Henry cocked an eyebrow.

Uluula answered, "They eat it. It's strange to witness."

"What happens if one's not paid?"

"If a magic messenger bird doesn't get paid, no magic messenger bird will ever respond to another call from the original summoning mage ever again."

Henry snorted. He was tired of all the ridiculous names for everything on Ludus. "Okay, so how does a mage summon an MMB?"

"An MMB?" Kinwe-na-ibbi frowned.

Jason sighed. "We're Americans. We like acronyms. He is shortening 'magic messenger bird' into its first three letters."

The Mo'hali woman's eyebrows rose. "Oh, that is much easier to say! I can show you how to summon a... MMB later. It's quite simple, really. The hardest part is explaining where you want them to go. They'll eventually get there, but they're faster if you give better directions."

Jason nodded and glanced at Henry before asking what both of them really wanted to know. "Okay, how are we still alive?"

Strangely, Kinwe-na-ibbi glanced at Bezzi-ibbi before answering. "Cub, are you sure you want me to tell them?" Bezzi-ibbi looked uncomfortable, but he nodded. His mother continued, "You were both knocked out by Thod-bandit. He was going to kill you when Bezzi-ibbi intervened and executed him."

Henry shook his head. "Wait, what? How did Bezzi-ibbi do that? If he could help us fight, why did he wait until we were almost dead?"

Kinwe-na-ibbi turned to Bezzi-ibbi again. The boy looked miserable. He was shuffling his feet and staring at the ground. "Almost you got killed," he growled. "Owe a debt. Tell story, near-momma."

The mouse woman cleared her throat and said, "All Mo'hali Heroes have the ability to nullify the power of mages and Bonded. The stronger the Hero, the stronger the suppression and larger the area of influence they can generate. However, the more force a Hero's suppression carries, the longer it will affect an orb-Bonded or mage after they use it.

"Most Mo'hali are naturally faster and stronger than other races. It's only through the power of orbs and magic stone technology that other races thrive. Heroes can remove that advantage.

"Bezzi-ibbi feared you would dislike him if you knew how easily he could take away your power. Bonded and mages usually hate or fear Mo'hali Heroes for this reason. You're new to this world, but he was afraid he'd lose his brothers. Bezzi-ibbi hasn't had real friends before either. You are very dear to him.

"Unfortunately, by waiting until you were almost killed, Bezzi-ibbi almost caused your deaths. When he exerted his power to kill Thod-bandit, you were nearby, so he also neutralized your healing abilities. You almost died. We had to bind your broken bones and mend your bodies as best we could so you could survive. We also had to do this so if you began healing again, your bones wouldn't mend crooked. If that happened, they'd need to be broken again."

A number of things fell into place in Henry's mind. "So... what, Thod lost his super strength and collapsed under the weight of his armor?"

Bezzi-ibbi briefly looked up. "Yes."

"And you killed him?"

The boy hesitated before replying, "Executed."

"Okay. Well, I guess we'll have to talk about this later, Bezzi-ibbi." Henry smiled at the kid. "Brothers are honest with each other, after all." Bezzi-ibbi nodded.

Jason jumped back into the conversation. "Now that we know why we're alive, what happened yesterday? How are you here, Kinwe-na-ibbi?"

"Mareen-Ludan and Uluula-Areva can stop me if I get anything wrong." The Mo'hali leader settled into a chair. "As soon as your battle was over, Bezzi-ibbi found Mareen-Ludan. She was in bad shape physically, but her life was not in danger. She called a magic mes--an MMB, and Bezzi-ibbi sent a message to the Jaguar Clan.

"The MMB reached us in about an hour. An hour after that, we rented and dispatched an airship with myself and a complement of Jaguar Clan warriors and staff. This was expensive to do.

"We reached your location about two hours later. It took us approximately another hour to load your group and everything of value onto the airship. After that, we flew to the nearest settlement of decent size. Now we are staying in the town of Rohs until you recover."

Henry blinked and frowned. He asked, "If you guys could just put some soldiers on a vehicle and fly around fast enough to cover more than a week of travel in two hours, why did we come out here at all? All of us almost died! Well... except for Keeja." Henry was holding back his temper, but it was a near thing. He really hoped there was a good explanation.

"This is a good question." Kinwe-na-ibbi briefly bowed her head. "When I said it was expensive to run an airship, I was understating the more complex reality. The city of Mirana has two such ships to rent, and the rental fee itself is not too expensive. However, the sheer number of magic stones an airship consumes for fuel is significant and must be supplied by the leaser.

"We gained a significant amount of weapons, armor, and tradeable goods from the bandit camp. However, after subtracting the cost of the magic stones to fuel the airship and the payment we owe to Delvers, LLC, we are not netting much profit.

"If we weren't merely traveling to one point and back again, it would be far, far too expensive to rent an airship. It would ruin the Clan. In fact, if not for the fact we had Clan members in known danger, we probably still would not have acted due to the financial risk."

Jason scratched his chin and muttered, "Well, that's frustrating. It's nice to know that money makes this world go around too. Glad you got to make your profit."

Uluula put a hand on Jason's shoulder and smiled. "Yes, but we are alive. Now you're full members of the Jaguar Clan, and you can also claim your treasure too."

"What?" Henry's ears perked up at mention of treasure.

Kinwe-na-ibbi bobbed her head. "Yes. As the Adventuring Company we hired for this mission, you have claim to the bandits' assets we seized. This is all in the contract you signed. As Clan members on top of that, you are entitled to whatever items you desire. Of course, you will obviously leave the majority to pay for the airship since you obviously hold the good of the Clan in your hearts." She gave them a pointed look.

Henry could take a hint. "Of course we do. Now someone help me up. I want to see this treasure."





Loot Room

Jason didn't enjoy feeling so weak. He knew that he should have been counting his blessings, fortunate to be alive. Still, he still couldn't help grumbling to himself as Uluula helped him walk. The rational part of his mind was amazed how accustomed to good health he was after a short time on Ludus. With his regeneration and endurance abilities, he felt whole and healthy all the time.

Until now.

Oh, he'd been beaten up and tired before, but he usually bounced back right away. This was the first time he'd felt, well, normal again. He could feel himself rapidly improving, but the whole situation was humbling. Deep down, he could understand why orb-Bonded would fear or even hate Mo'hali Heroes. He could envision how this fear could extend to all Mo'hali people too, especially when he thought about the havoc a single Hero could cause a city... or affect the course of a war.

Jason hadn't seen much of the new world yet, but if technology like airships existed, he was willing to bet vehicles of war did too. The idea that a single person could shut down this world's machinery for a significant amount of time just by being in proximity to it was crazy to think about.

He glanced at Bezzi-ibbi out of the corner of his eye and saw the boy was keeping his head down. Jason still didn't know much about Bezzi-ibbi or Heroes or the Jaguar Clan or Mo'hali or Ludus in general. Bezzi-ibbi's behavior seemed weird to him, but he was starting to suspect that some people looked down on Mo'hali and feared Heroes.

To Henry's credit, he just didn't seem to care. Jason could tell that his friend liked Bezzi-ibbi and saw him as a surrogate little brother. Henry had adapted to some of the stranger aspects of Ludus like a duck to water. Being unfazed after being adopted by a beast kid with a metal arm was a great example of his friend's personality.

Jason had to give himself credit too. He was also surrounded by people who weren't even human and taking it pretty well too. He would just never be able to adapt to anything as quickly as Henry could. It was one of his friend's strengths that he most respected.

The group left the building they were staying in, a large house the Jaguar Clan was renting. Jason thought Rohs was a fairly large town. Of course, he didn't have much perspective to base that on. So far on Ludus, he'd only seen Mareen's village, Mirana, and a small number of tiny villages on the trading road.

On a map, he remembered that Rohs was one of the outlying towns from Port Solitude, the destination of the trade road they'd been following. He briefly wondered what had happened to the caravan wagon but then remembered how thrifty the Jaguar Clan leaders were. He would have bet money that some Clan members were heading back to Mirana with the wagons right now.

The town was just starting to wake up. Tradeswomen were setting up shop for the day, and Jason could sense the hustle and bustle of a normal Rohs day beginning. Kinwe-na-ibbi lead them down several side streets, eventually ending up at a plain building that was entirely unremarkable save for the two Jaguar Clan guards stationed outside. Their bronze spearheads winked in the morning sun, and both guards saluted Kinwe-na-ibbi, left hand to shoulder, bowing.

Kinwe-na-ibbi opened the door with a key and ushered everyone through the entrance. By this time, Jason was beginning to feel more like his normal self again but continued to lean against Uluula. He enjoyed the feeling, and if he was honest with himself, he enjoyed her obvious concern too.

The group walked down the hallway, continuing to follow Kinwe-na-ibbi. Nobody spoke, but Keeja grinned as she brought up the rear. Jason wondered what was so damn funny. Maybe the fact that everyone had almost died fighting the bandits while she'd sat on her ass. He snorted and paid attention to his surroundings.

The interior of the building was fairly standard for what Jason had seen on Ludus. Wood walls, random paintings, and crystals that emitted light functioning like lightbulbs. He knew that this type of interior lighting was a staple of towns and cities and was part of what local taxes paid to maintain. Everything was powered by magic stones, all of which were harvested by adventurers.

The whole concept of an adventurer was still strange to Jason. When he thought of adventurers, he imagined people raiding dungeons for gear and glory. However, while adventurers on Ludus still fought monsters and raided dungeons, it seemed like most of the time, they were just after magic stones.

If Jason had had to explain the difference to someone, he'd have said his idea of an adventurer was a deep-sea treasure hunter, whereas on Ludus, adventurers were more like fisherman. Some Ludus adventurers still went after big treasure, but doing so was very dangerous and most people didn't bother. Real treasure, like blessed steel weapons or Dolos orbs, usually only turned up in the more dangerous dungeons.

And the best loot was dangerous to chase.

Jason was hoping they'd get to see some cool gear soon. Kinwe-na-ibbi hadn't said anything about the building they were in, but it didn't take to a genius to figure out it was a semi-secret Jaguar Clan warehouse.

They walked through the central hallway, and Kinwe-na-ibbi came to an abrupt stop in front of a chalk line drawn on the floor. She pulled a rope hanging from the ceiling, and Jason could hear a bell deeper in the building. He turned to Henry, and his friend nodded--he'd heard it too.

Less than a minute later, an older jaguar Mo'hali man wearing spectacles bustled out of a door further down the hallway. He bowed to Kinwe-na-ibbi, left hand to shoulder, just as the guards had outside. They talked for a few seconds in the Mo'hali tongue before the man hurried off the way he'd come.

Kinwe-na-ibbi turned around and said, "Nobody step across this line until you hear that bell ring." She pointed out a small bell that Jason hadn't noticed before. It was connected to a string that went up into the ceiling.

A few moments later, the string moved, and the little bell tinkled. The group started forward again and found themselves at the end of the hall. Kinwe-na-ibbi produced another key that she used to unlock the sturdy, bronze-reinforced door. She said, "Everything in this room was taken from the bandit camp." Then she opened the door all the way, and the group entered. Jason got his first look at the Jaguar Clan's secure storeroom in the town of Rohs.

Tables lined three sides of the room and were set up in orderly rows. The room itself was fairly large. Items hung on the walls, boxes sat on tables, and crates of goods the bandits had been going to sell rested under tables or in corners. However, what Jason found most interesting was that someone was living in the storeroom.

In one corner sat a bed, dressers, a chair, and a large, decorated chest. Sitting in the chair was a young rabbit Mo'hali girl with a book in her lap. Her large ears made her subrace obvious. Some Mo'hali looked more bestial than others, but this girl appeared mostly human other than her fluffy white ears and red eyes. Her long dress hid her legs.

Jason noticed the girl had a metal horn growing out of her forehead. Except for the golden color, it reminded him of Bezzi-ibbi's arm. He suddenly had a flash of insight and said out loud, "She's a Hero, isn't she?"

As soon as the words left his mouth, he heard a chime and saw text scroll over his left eye.

Jitta-ni-ibbi, Jaguar Clan

Hero Ring, Energy Horn

First Rank

Kinwe-na-ibbi gracefully pivoted and unnecessarily replied, "Yes. You are only being admitted to this room because you are full Jaguar Clan and you are entitled to a share of the spoils from the bandit camp. You are responsible for your non-Clan companions. High Priestess Keeja can obviously do whatever she wants, but I am sure she already knew of our... arrangement."

"Of course I did." Keeja grinned. "You're not the only Clan to use Heroes as security either."

Kinwe-na-ibbi sniffed. "Of course not. It is necessary for all the most powerful trading Clans."

Henry shook his head. "I have no idea what's going on. Aren't Dolos rings or whatever super dangerous for Mo'hali to use? Why is a Hero just hanging out in a warehouse room reading books?"

Kinwe-na-ibbi didn't reply. She walked over to the rabbit girl and spoke softly to her, ignoring the rest of the group. Jason glanced at Bezzi-ibbi, but he was still staring at the floor.

Keeja chuckled. "This sort of thing is a secret all the powerful Mo'hali Clans keep. In my experience, the arrangement disturbs Terrans, and Kinwe-na-ibbi seems busy, so allow me to explain!" Kinwe-na-ibbi's ears twitched, but she continued her conversation with the girl in the corner.

Keeja continued, "This is a world where people can use magic. Security is very difficult to establish, especially since some mages have talents that are suited to theft. Most mages and Bonded could break into a security room without much effort whether they used force or guile.

"So what do you do when you're a merchant and most normal ways to secure goods against theft are useless against magic? What do you do when the most effective means to protect your merchandise is to take magic power itself away from thieves?"

Jason answered, "You hire Heroes, right?"

"No, they grow them," Henry said, frowning.

"What?" Jason wondered what Henry was talking about. Grow them?

Keeja clapped her hands and laughed. "Henry gets it. I would have said 'create,' but 'grow' works too. Dolos orbs and Hero rings are rare finds in dangerous dungeons. They can be bought for high prices. What's more, most Hero rings will stay intact if a host dies. So what do you do if you're a powerful Clan and you need pet Heroes to protect your most expensive assets from thieves who can use magic?"

Jason understood and felt horrified. He replied softly, "You make people put on rings until you get a Hero."

"Exactly!" Keeja grinned. "The best part is Heroes don't get prolonged lifespans quite like most Bonded do. Sure, Mo'hali live a while longer than Terrans... but not by much. A Hero ring only increases a Hero's lifespan a little bit. The Clans want to keep their investment for as long as possible. Want to guess how they do it?"

Henry grimaced in distaste. "Probably by starting them young."

"You are surprisingly good at this." Keeja was no longer laughing.

"I studied a lot of military history on Earth." Henry shrugged. "None of this is all that shocking to me. At least they're not creating child soldiers as cannon fodder."

Uluula frowned and asked, "Why would it be shocking? We can see how this Hero guard lives. She is obviously not restrained. She doesn't appear to be a slave, and I'm not sure she even could be enslaved since she holds real, tangible power. What is the problem with a Clan offering steady work?"

Jason's perception of the Jaguar Clan changed. "It's not right. The odds of a Hero ring killing the host is really high, right? So the Jaguar Clan kills children?"

Kinwe-na-ibbi finished speaking to the young Hero in the corner and returned to the group. "You judge us unfairly. In fact, now that you are a part of the Clan, you are judging yourself as well. Some Clans have forced ring assimilation, but this practice is stupid. Holding an unwilling Hero captive is expensive and foolish.

"No, we are approached by families with desperate financial situations or children with incurable diseases. The families are paid a legacy fee regardless of success. The new Hero, if the integration is successful, becomes a proud member of the Jaguar Clan for life regardless of subrace."

"But what made Bezzi-ibbi different? It sounds like your manufactured Heroes are like indentured servants, but Bezzi-ibbi gained more freedom, not less." Jason didn't try to hide his frown.

"It's quite simple: Bezzi-ibbi used his own ring. He was making his own choice for his own reasons. He didn't hold any debt, so he had the freedom to become a true Mo'hali Hero. Anyone who contracts with a Clan to attempt ring assimilation owes that Clan for the price of the ring. They can choose to become roaming Heroes after their debt is paid."

Henry scratched his head and said, "Okay, that makes sense. I guess all of this might be fair in a world as crappy as Ludus, but none of this would have been necessary for you because you're a mage, right? Can a Mo'hali mage even use a Hero ring? I know Mo'hali mages are super rare. How are you part of the Jaguar Clan?"

Suddenly the room got very still. Mareen gasped, and Bezzi-ibbi leaned back in shock, his ears pressed flat against his skull. Most of the group nervously glanced at Kinwe-na-ibbi. The short, elegant Mo'hali mouse woman narrowed her eyes before flicking her ears. "Take what items you want. I will be outside. If you need any help, Jitta-ni-ibbi in the corner or any of the guards in the building can assist you."

With that, Kinwe-na-ibbi turned and lashed her tail, not quite stomping out of the room. Bezzi-ibbi looked back and forth between his retreating mother and the rest of the group before sighing and staying where he was.

Keeja chuckled, "I was beginning to think you Terrans might be clever, but then one of you goes out of your way to offend a matriarch of one of the most powerful Mo'hali Clans in the country; your new Clan in fact. The fact this matriarch also happens to be your friend's mother, your friend who adopted you into the Clan in the first place, is priceless. You are idiots."

Jason shook his head and said, "I had nothing to do with that. Still, there's nothing we can do about it right now. Henry, next time, please don't point out people's differences in public. That's rude where we come from too. Are you going to start asking strangers about their disabilities too?"

"I was curious. Sue me." Henry shrugged. "Don't tell me you didn't notice. Besides, Henna-ibbi already tried to take a chunk out of my throat a few minutes after I met her. What's more rude--someone asking a question or trying to kill you?

"I'd take someone asking me a rude question over someone trying to kill me any day. Fuck feelings when I'm supposed to just be cool with almost dying."

Henry turned to Bezzi-ibbi. "I don't suppose you'll tell me, will you? Your other two moms are jaguar Mo'hali, but Kinwe-na-ibbi is a mouse."

Mareen cringed and shook her head. Under her breath she said, "Henry, just stop!"

Bezzi-ibbi gave Henry a withering look. He pointed to the middle of the room and said, "Spirit stone there." Then he walked over to the Hero girl in the corner and started a conversation.

Jason sighed. "You are just making friends everywhere, aren't you?"

Henry shrugged again and said, "People will like me, or they won't. I don't even understand the culture on Ludus enough to know what's socially acceptable, much less how to be polite. It doesn't do me any good to worry about it. Anyone who expects me to automatically understand nonhuman cultures on a whole new planet is a fucking asshole. The only way I can learn is by asking questions."

Jason couldn't think of a logical counterargument, so he snorted and walked away. He headed to where Bezzi-ibbi had pointed and saw a heavy wooden box before actually registering what the boy had said. A spirit stone? He noticed a handwritten note next to the box that read:

Spirit stone.

Original property of Bezzi-ibbi.

Reward appearing after elimination of Thod-Bandit.

Gifted to Henry-ibbi or Jason-ibbi.

Jason's eyes widened, realizing he'd completely forgotten that Thod's death should have produced a reward. He opened the box and got his first look at a spirit stone.

The spirit stone was nestled snugly in a bed of velvet. It was about the same size as a Dolos orb, but instead being formed from metal, it was clear with a cloudy, glowing, rotating interior. It was beautiful.

Jason gently picked up the spirit stone and pocketed it, leaving the box. He was going to show it to Henry later so they could decide who would use it.

Next he walked to the walls and did a circuit of the room. He quickly realized the one bare wall was hinged. It was some sort of large door directly out of the room. He had a feeling the other side was hidden or protected too.

Jason examined a whole slew of bronze weapons and armor. He saw bolts of expensive looking cloth, jewelry, figurines, sculptures--even spices. He stopped short when he opened a box and saw a beautiful dagger. It had a guard and pommel made of gold, and the blade glowed red. He reached down to touch it, but the Hero girl in the corner barked, "Don't touch that!"

Jason snatched his hand back. A couple guards ran in at the sound of the shout. The rabbit girl, Jitta-ni-ibbi waved away the guards and walked over. "I was assuming you would know how to act in a loot warehouse since you're here. You obviously don't. That's an enchanted dagger."

"A what?"

"An enchanted dagger. Enchanted weapons can only have three owners, so if you handle it, you'll lower its value. How did nobody tell you this before you got here? I guess it's fine if you're going to keep it since you can have anything you want. Are you taking this?"

Jason felt sheepish. "I'm sorry." He closed the box and walked away as fast as he could. The bunny Hero girl looked like a teenager, but she made him nervous.

He approached the last area of the room he hadn't examined yet, opened a large box, and caught his breath. He reached into the box and withdrew a beautiful longsword. It had a white scabbard and blue leather grip. He drew the sword out of its scabbard, and the polished blade reflected the light. The steel, blessed steel, was beautiful.

The pommel and guard had decorative etching in a cloud motif. He rapped the blade with a knuckle. Yup, pretty stiff. Jason sighted down the blade and decided it was probably an Oakeshott Type XVII, a type of sword classification he knew from his studies on Earth. The blade geometry was capable of cutting but good for thrusting too. He carefully put the sword back in its scabbard. This is mine. The sword had called to him. Everything about it spoke to him.

He wasted no time buckling the sword on and decided on a name almost immediately. He knew a lot of guys back in his old HEMA group thought he was a geek for naming his swords, but this sword definitely deserved a name. It was obviously one of a kind, even more so on a world where steel weapons were rare. Breeze, he thought. Your name is Breeze.

Henry walked over and eyed Jason's sword. "That looks pretty nifty. Did you already give it a dorky name?"

Jason gave him a flat look and pointed to the box Henry was carrying. "What's that?"

Henry opened the box up and showed him a softly glowing, steel-hafted axe. The blade looked sort of like a bearded axe, but the haft curved back before it came forward again. Jason had never seen an axe quite like it before. The weapon's soft red glow cast shadows in the box and made the engravings on the haft stand out.

Henry smiled and asked, "Pretty, isn't it? They say this is enchanted. I guess I need to find a way to cover it up, or it's going to draw way too much attention. I'm gonna call it 'Bad Axe.'"

Jason rolled his eyes. He asked, "Why do you think the bandits weren't using this stuff?"

"I can think of a few reasons," Henry replied. "First of all, they probably didn't need it. Thod was a goddam force of nature, and his own gear was already extremely effective for him. Plus, if any regular bandits kept expensive gear, they might have killed each other for it. There's also a good chance Thod just kept everything for himself."

Henry snapped his fingers at Jitta-na-ibbi, "Hey, Hero girl! How much of these boxes under the table have money? Were these bandits loaded?"

The girl frowned and said, "They had quite a bit of coin, yes."

"And the Clan still didn't make much profit? Jesus, how many fucking magic stones does a flying ship take to run?" Henry looked off into the distance for a moment. "Come to think of it, I need a few magic stones."

"Why?" Jason noticed a glint in his friend's eye. He had a feeling Henry was about to say something stupid, interesting, or both.

"Because I think when we get back, I'm gonna try building a truck."

* * *

On the trading road a few days north of Rohs, a middle-aged man tightly crossed his arms and struggled not to weep. His unshed tears reflected the setting sun as he stared up at his dead son.

Jeth's body was hung on a thick stake under a sign that read "bandit." When the Jaguar Clan had arrived the previous day, every dead bandit was strung up in this manner, meant to serve as a grisly reminder that the punishment for banditry was death.

Yelm clenched his jaw and stood mourning the dead as the last three remaining bandits did the same. None of them intended to cut the bodies down for a proper burial. Doing so would have just risked announcing some of the bandits had lived.

Yelm couldn't believe that Thod had gotten himself killed. Once in the past, he'd seen the man get hit by a falling boulder and walk away without a scratch. He shook his head. Yelm knew who did this. He knew who was responsible for killing his little boy.

Those gods-damned rotting bastards Henry and Jason.

Sure, Jeth had had some problems; he'd been a little... rough around the edges. The boy had had some things to work through, true, but he would have outgrown them! He hadn't deserved to die, not for just having some sport with some slaves! He hadn't deserved to get stabbed so many times! Yelm wondered who had stabbed his son over and over again. Probably Jason, that pox-ridden snake.

Yelm had just wanted his son to have a better life than he'd had, but that dream was shattered now.

He'd never even had a chance to tell Jeth the good news that Thod had decided to make him an officer in the camp. He'd even received a priceless Dolos orb! Jeth, your father was moving up in the world!

He bitterly regretted not using the orb right away. He'd been too excited to sleep and stayed up all night waiting for Jeth to return to their tent. He'd wanted to show the orb to Jeth, wanted to let his son hold such an amazing object, such wealth in his hands too.

Maybe everything could have turned out differently. He would never forget his shame as he'd run away from the camp, run away and hadn't stopped for half a day. He'd passed out in fear and exhaustion but had at least had the presence of mind to swallow the orb.

Now things were different. Now he could make them pay.

Yelm clenched his fist and willed ice to play across his knuckles. Yes, next time would be different. But first, he had to report Thod's death.

With the gift of the orb, Thod had also entrusted Yelm with knowing who they were really working for. He'd given strict instructions on where to report if the bandit camp was ever destroyed and instructions to bring any remaining bandits with him if he did.

It was still too early for revenge, and Yelm had a mission to finish. Revenge would come in time. It would definitely come. He even knew what to do first when it was time to act.

But first he had to go meet his new masters.





Risky Business

After Jason left the Jaguar Clan warehouse, Kinwe-na-ibbi informed the group they would be departing for Mirana the next morning on the airship. She still had some Jaguar Clan affairs to attend to in Rohs before they could leave. About this time, Jason finally noticed that Rark-han was missing and he wondered where the big man was. He eventually decided that nobody else seemed worried about it, so he dismissed it.

The group milled around for a bit before splitting up. Jason went to explore the town of Rohs with a couple of hastily assigned Jaguar Clan guards.

Bezzi-ibbi and Keeja headed back towards the house the Jaguar Clan was renting. Bezzi-ibbi carried Henry's Bad Axe in its original box. It would have been too conspicuous for Henry to carry a glowing weapon around without a proper sheath.

Jason paired up with Uluula. He noticed Henry head off with Mareen, hesitantly keeping pace with her. About time, he thought. With a relieved smile, Jason mentally wished his friends would have a good time and stop being such idiots around each other.

Exploring Rohs was really the first leisure activity Jason had had since coming to Ludus. He would have enjoyed himself more if the experience didn't feel so surreal. First of all, the new longsword he wore on his hip got a lot of attention. On top of that, he was also walking with Uluula and two conspicuous Jaguar Clan guards, none of which was exactly low profile. Last but not least, most people were startled when they saw him and then acted nervous or frightened.

It took Jason a while to realize why people were reacting this way. Then he remembered everyone that saw him from a close enough distance was probably discovering he was orb-Bonded, the information scrolling over their left eyes. Jason tried to ignore the stares, but over time, they began to bother him.

At first he'd thought it was unreasonable for people to be acting nervous, but then he remembered his fight with Thod and how the Jaguar Clan kept Heroes on retainer just to secure warehouses. Obviously, some Bonded were assholes, and normal people probably had no way to stop them from doing whatever they wanted. It was a sobering thought.

Jason tried not to be depressed, but he felt an itch between his shoulder blades and wondered if someone would try sticking a dagger there. He was feeling so sorry for himself and Uluula seemed to be having such a good time that he almost didn't notice that some of the angry glares weren't aimed at him. Uluula got her fair share of mutters, pointed fingers, and glances too. The furtive stares seemed to be full of suspicion and hate.

Jason paid closer attention and realized that Uluula's smile looked pained every time someone "accidentally" said something about Areva loud enough to hear. He also noticed that the town was almost exclusively populated by humans and Mo'hali. Now that Jason was paying attention, he also noticed that the shops seemed segregated as well.

So Ludus really was like Earth... only worse. On earth, there were tensions between countries, races, and genders. On this planet, all of those tensions existed on top of additional ways to discriminate! Lovely.

After realizing that Ludus hosted so many forms of bigotry, Jason's mood fell. He tried to focus on shopping for Uluula's sake and had the awkward feeling she was doing the same for him. She looked so young that sometimes he forgot she was older than he was. His heart warmed, and he felt lucky to be sorta-kinda dating someone who cared enough about him to try shielding him from public opinion. He would need to bring it up with her later and tell her it wasn't necessary, though.

They could be freaks in this world together.

He shopped with Uluula for quite some time, eventually picking up a few odds and ends. Jason had no idea how much his money was really worth without Mareen around. Uluula was surprisingly ignorant about money too, so every time Jason bought anything, he rested his hand on the pommel of his new sword, scowled, and hoped for the best.

After shopping, Jason took Uluula on a walk through the town's park. It was beginning to get dark, and it seemed like in no time at all, the moon had started to rise and some kind of large insects began making winking lights like fireflies.

As they headed back to the house the Jaguar Clan was renting out, Jason realized that Ludus had its problems but was really a beautiful planet too. As he appreciated the beautiful night, he felt the weight of his new sword on his hip and held the hand of the girl he liked. He decided not everything about being stuck on Ludus was bad.

That night, Uluula kissed him for the first time. It was just on the cheek, but Jason felt like it was huge progress. He was in such a good mood when he went to bed that he basically flopped down and was instantly asleep.

* * *

Henry walked next to Mareen and felt more nervous than he had about anything in years. If he were just on a date, that'd be one thing. However, he wasn't even sure if he was ready to date yet. He was on a foreign planet, he'd just survived almost certain death the day before, and Mareen was really fucking smoking hot. She was also ten years younger than him.

At first, he kept getting distracted by the Jaguar Clan guards following them at a respectable distance, but eventually he ignored them. He just had too much on his mind to think about the guards, and he was highly distracted by Mareen herself.

Henry had been trying to keep his eyes to himself for weeks, but he finally allowed himself to surreptitiously check her out. She was looking away, so it was the perfect time for him to get a good look.

Mareen's smooth, tan skin seemed to radiate the ambient light. Henry had no idea what ethnicity she was. Best he could guess, she was some mix of white, black, and Hispanic or Arab--maybe even Indian.

He couldn't see her face at the moment, but he knew her dark eyes were usually lively and expressive and her rosebud mouth flashed quick, almost-furtive smiles at random moments. Her high cheekbones made her look like she was hiding a smile even as she glared at someone, usually Henry.

She wore flowing white pants made from thin fabric. Her top was made of a similar material. The light wind made the clothing hug her curves in a way he appreciated, and the Ludus sun setting behind her allowed Henry to see hints of her underclothes.

Henry's assumption weeks ago that she had a curvy, athletic body had been accurate. In the light and the wind, Henry could clearly see the contours of her spine; her graceful shoulders; her generous, perky chest; and her very shapely, surprisingly-large ass. Definitely some junk in the trunk.

Her flat stomach wasn't muscled like Uluula's, but her entire body was firm. Henry had to be honest and admit the softness of Mareen's figure and face made her really cute.

He'd tried not to notice before, but he'd seen her nipping out in the past few weeks on cold mornings. Henry loved a nice set of nipples, and he had a feeling Mareen's were dark and quite impressive.

He dragged his eyes away from the beauty walking next to him. He didn't want her to catch him staring. If she wanted to play coy, he'd let her. He had to stay clearheaded. It frustrated him to admit it, but he couldn't focus when his small head was doing most of the thinking. Good Lord, she was gorgeous, though.

Henry wasn't sure what he wanted. He obviously desired Mareen physically, and he liked her personality. He respected her. They'd been travelling together for a while, and even though he'd thought she was interested in Jason for a long time, he'd have to have been blind not to know she was a hell of a catch.



And for some reason, she liked him. A lot. Enough to directly confess her feelings in front of other people.

Henry wasn't exactly unaccustomed to women being interested in him. He didn't get it, but he'd just learned to accept it. However, somehow Mareen's attraction seemed more pure to him; there was no uncertainty, selfishness, or deceit. The feeling actually made him a little bit nervous. Why does she like me this much?

Even though he'd been angry before, he had to admit he thought her temper could be cute. Of course, it could be scary too...

Suddenly Mareen said, "You know, I'm not an idiot. I know you've been looking at me."

Unfazed, Henry responded, "Just like I know you've probably been letting me. There is no way the tree you've been staring at for like five fucking minutes is that interesting."

Mareen glanced over and flashed a quick, guilty grin before looking away again. "I think that's one thing I like about you. You're so rough around the edges, but if you're backed into a corner, you're honest and you speak your mind. You do what you think is right even if you know it's stupid. I am not that way, and it's something I admire."

"What are you talking about? You became an indentured servant for ten years just because you thought me and Jason got a raw deal."

Mareen shook her head, her long, dark hair shimmering in a wave down her back. "No, I didn't really have a choice. You probably don't understand. However, I did have a choice to tell you about how I felt or not. I know you're probably going to reject me, but I had to do this anyway. I didn't want to live the rest of my life with awkwardness or regrets."

"Huh? I still can't even get rid of you for like ten years because of this, right?" Henry pointed at the grey ring on his finger, its twin around Mareen's neck under the lace choker she wore.

"No, I am a coward and didn't know that I'd be able to speak my heart song even with ten years to do so. However, I almost died yesterday. I know how fleeting life can be." Mareen's voice caught.

Henry was quiet and just kept walking with her. He knew she'd say more when she was ready. After a time, she began speaking again. "Like I said, I'm not stupid. I know you probably aren't interested, especially now that I was almost... raped."

To Henry, that was the most retarded thing he'd ever heard, but fortunately, he knew not to say so. All he said was, "What happened?"

"I was trying to find a place to shoot my bow during the battle yesterday. I'm not very good at aiming, but I thought from an elevated position, I could help at least a little bit. While I was heading to a tower through the woods, Jeth jumped on me. He held me down. He hurt me. He was going to kill me. I've never been so afraid or nauseated in my life."

When Henry heard the restrained sob, he stopped. He slowly turned and gently took Mareen's shoulders in his hands. She resisted slightly at first but then accepted the embrace, hugging him tightly, almost burrowing into his chest.

"Why do you feel like any of this changes anything about you?"

"Because I was helpless. I was... attacked. Horrible things almost happened to me, and nobody... nobody could save me."

"No, a horrible thing did happen to you. You escaped by yourself then?"

"Yes. I ki... I killed him. I tricked him into kissing me and used my magic acid attack through the roof of his mouth."

Henry couldn't help it. His sudden barked laughter caused Mareen's body to relax and pull away in surprise. Her eyes were wide; her face was a mess with tears.

Henry's grim laughter continued, and he said, "Served that little fucker right."

"He stabbed me. He groped me. He told me I was worthless. I was almost violated and nearly bled out on the forest floor. How can you laugh? Aren't you disgusted?"

"Why would I be? What happened to you wasn't your fault, not in the slightest, and more importantly, you offed the fucking slimeball to save yourself. I'm actually really impressed. That took strength. You saved yourself and proved that you are one hell of a woman. I think you're extremely sexy."

"Sexy? You mean..." Mareen didn't finish the thought.

"When you were looking away, what do you think I was looking at? Your shoes? No, you have a fantastic ass and curves in all the right places. I'd rip your clothes off and try to throw your back out if you were my girlfriend. I've always thought you were impressive. You're smart, you're educated, you're brave, and you have a huge heart.

"I'm just not sure I'm in the right place to start anything with anyone, much less someone so much younger than me. I'm not even from your world, I have issues from my divorce, and I'm not in the habit of breaking pretty girls' hearts."

Mareen cocked her head before narrowing her eyes. She pushed Henry out at arm's length and said, "You really are rotting stupid, aren't you? You've been acting like you didn't even want to talk to me at all. So you were attracted to me, both my body and mind. You desired me, a young, very available, verysmitten, awkward, pure-hearted girl. You ignored me... all to spare my feelings?"

Mareen's eyes flashed, and Henry felt a chill in his spine. Uh oh.

"Well, I--"

"What is wrong with--" Mareen held a hand up. Absently, Henry noticed it was starting to get dark and there were giant, freaky firefly things buzzing around. He and Mareen were next to a park, and there were tons of the things all over the place. Hope they don't bite.

Mareen slowly asked, "So let me get this straight. You find me attractive."

"Yes."

"You like my personality."

"Yes."

"You are single, and you know I am single."

"Yes."

She squeezed her eyes shut tightly. "You can't even articulate the reasons you're holding back?"

"Well, I guess not."

Mareen crossed her arms over her chest and stomped her foot in frustration. Tears freely ran down her face again. "You have saved my life twice. You helped me know who I really was, helped me find myself, helped me find the strength to survive the worst experience of my life.

"I felt disgusting, soiled, like I was less of a person last night, and in one conversation, you've made me feel beautiful and strong again."

She choked and continued, "I'm sorry your ex-wife hurt you, but I am not her. Why won't you give me a chance? Why won't you give yourself a rotting chance? What the fuck are you waiting for?" Mareen wailed the last sentence in English.

Henry's mind went blank for a second. He realized that this was a critical moment in his life. He had to be honest, not only for his own sake but for the sake of another. He thought about Mareen's smile, her bravery, how hard she worked.

Henry thought about how his stupidity had almost gotten himself and Jason killed when they first got to Mirana. He thought about his own resistance to Mareen's obvious interest. The past had hurt him, but he was tired of running from it.

Lastly, he thought about how it looked when Mareen's nipples poked through the fabric of her dress.

Henry was finally honest with himself and acknowledged that his groin and his heart were actually in agreement. He grabbed Mareen's shoulder and the back of her head, bent her backwards, and gave her the longest, hardest kiss he could manage.

Mareen didn't even hesitate. She hungrily returned the kiss, and Henry felt her tears on his face. Instead of cooling his ardor, it actually turned him on. Point of no return now. Guess it's time to just roll with it.

Henry reached down and grabbed a handful of Mareen's firm, curvy ass. He slipped a hand up the back of her top, and the next couple minutes was a flurry of kissing and touching as the two moved deeper into the park.

Henry wasn't sure which of them started tugging at the other's clothing first, but before long, he wasn't thinking about much else other than exploring her body. He quickly learned that while inexperienced, the girl was an eager study.

Time didn't seem to flow normally for a while, and Henry was lost in the passion of the moment. However, after his third time with Mareen, her normal shy demeanor slipped. She nipped his ear and whispered, "Gotcha." Like everything else she did, it was a turn on, but suddenly Henry felt like the hunted, not the hunter.

Oh well, this isn't so bad. Henry buried his hand in Mareen's hair, and she gasped as he traced the outside of her scarred ear with kisses. It was going to be a long night.

* * *

The next morning, Jason assumed he was the last person out of bed. He didn't see anyone else sleeping, and he was the only person in the house. He got ready, double-checked that he wasn't leaving anything behind, and headed to the airship.

The airship itself was a bit underwhelming. It actually looked just like a schooner floating in midair. Jason had been hoping it would look more magical or something. He climbed a long staircase, part of the structure the airship was moored to, and ascended to the wooden deck.

He glanced around and saw most of the people he was expecting to see. Uluula smiled and walked over. "Sleep well?"

"Yeah. Aren't we supposed to be leaving soon? Is everyone here?"

"No, Henry and Mareen aren't. I thought they were with you..."

Jason blinked and said, "I'll keep an eye out for them." It was really out of character for Henry to be late to anything, much less something important like the ship leaving.

Jason waited another half hour and started to get irritated. He'd already asked around, and Henry's guards from the previous day had reported that nothing dangerous had happened. The two female guards had strange expressions when Jason asked them if Henry was safe. He wondered what they weren't saying. It looked suspiciously like the Jaguar Clan guards were holding in smiles; their ears and whiskers twitched.

Jason stood on the bridge of the skyship, looking down at Rohs, and felt the weight of the spirit stone in his pocket. He still needed to talk to Henry about it.

In fact, he knew their flight back to Mirana was going to take a few hours since the Jaguar Clan would conserve power during the return trip. It was a perfect time to plan the next move for Delvers, LLC. Everyone would be present, and nothing was pressing. He wanted to get started with a group chat immediately, but Henry and Mareen were still missing!

They weren't late yet, but they were cutting it close.

Suddenly, Jason saw Henry and Mareen jogging towards the stairs to the airship. They ran up, followed by a sheepish looking Jaguar Clan guard, and made it onto the deck with just minutes to spare. Kinwe-na-ibbi gave them all a flat look.

Jason noticed that Henry's shirt was buttoned wrong. Mareen's clothing was a mess too, and she had a leaf in her hair. Jason narrowed his eyes, suspicious about why his friends were almost late. When Mareen became visibly flustered, then blushed and giggled while glancing at Henry, Jason put two and two together.

Damn, Henry... and Mareen! Jason sighed. He wasn't sure if he should be happy or irritated with his friends. He ended up settling on amusement. He just hoped everything worked out. He'd had friends who'd dated before but never any with magic powers on a fantasy world.

* * *

Not much later, the skyship was cutting through the air on a beeline for Mirana. All the members of Delvers, LLC and Keeja were sitting in a cabin for a company meeting. Jason noticed that Henry and Mareen were sitting very close to each other and rolled his eyes. They'd ignored each other for months, gone on a walk, and now... this. Jason was feeling a bit underappreciated. Who'd told them to stop being so obtuse? He had.

He was about to start the meeting when Keeja slowly clapped her hands and drawled, "Congratulations to the new couple."

Mareen blushed, but her expression didn't otherwise change. Henry didn't react at all. Jason pinched the bridge of his nose for a second, but Uluula looked very, very confused.

"Was there an announcement that I missed? Who is the couple?" Uluula looked back and forth between the small number of people in the cabin. She turned to Jason and asked, "Did you find another candidate to consider courting in addition to me? That would be somewhat convenient, but I need to meet her and give my approval. Actually, now that I think about it, you would not have had time... can someone please explain?"

Mareen blushed more deeply. Henry's expression remained unchanged. Keeja grinned, showing all her teeth, and put a hand on UIuula's shoulder. She whispered loudly, the sound carrying around the cabin, "It seems Henry and Mareen went and got carnal with one another."

Uluula shook her head and said, "But they have not announced any official interest nor even courted. To the best of my knowledge, they just stepped out together yesterday for the very first time. I think you are mistaken, Priestess Keeja."

Keeja just grinned wider. "Why don't you ask them?"

Uluula turned to Mareen and Henry. "Is this true? Why did you not announce you were courting? I am sure you are not truly carnal, right?"

Mareen tried calmly holding Uluula's eyes for all of two seconds before looking away and giggling. Henry kept his face entirely straight and slowly replied, "Not that it's any of your fucking business, but she's hot and I like her. So sue me. You weren't on the 'inform immediately' list. Next time I'll be sure to have someone paint a picture."

Uluula gasped, "How did this happen? Were you coerced? Henry, did she drug you?" Uluula's eyes narrowed in suspicion at Mareen.

"I was stone cold sober, chica. Do you not know how this sort of things works? Don't Areva learn about the birds and the bees?" Henry teased, "When two people love each other very much or both are horny or one person gets paid... actually, there can be more than two people involved, but I don't think you're quite ready for that conversation."

"Yes, I know that! I, uh, I don't really know what it... what I mean is why did you not start courting first? Were you actually courting before?" Uluula's eyes were huge.

Jason struggled to suppress a smile as he sat still and kept his mouth shut. This was a side of Uluula he hadn't seen before, and knowing Henry, her worldview probably wasn't done expanding yet. Henry had utterly no shame about pretty much anything.

"How did this happen? Are you okay with this?" Uluula looked like she was experiencing such profound culture shock that her brain was about to go on strike.

"Well," drawled Henry, "we went on a walk like Jason told us to. The longer we hung out and talked, the more we realized how well we really got along, and then when it started getting dark, we went to the park. The moon came up, and these large, freaky bugs with light-up butts started flying around. It was kind of pretty. We had a nice chat, and she attacked me!" Henry jerked his thumb at Mareen.

Mareen's head shot up. "That's not how it happened! You kissed me first!"

"Yeah, well, you still basically attacked me. I have no regrets. You're extremely beautiful, brave, and smart. Stubborn too. And since you won't take no for an answer even though I'm too old for you, I guess I'll just somehow have to suffer through the fact I have a new girlfriend. A new girlfriend with impressive endurance.

"I am looking forward to ripping off your clothes again, by the way. Next time, please don't scratch my back so hard, though. It feels weird to use my healing ability for that."

"Be quiet! You're terrible!" Mareen lightly slapped Henry on the arm, but her eyes twinkled.

Jason rubbed the space between his eyes again. Keeja started chuckling. Mareen suddenly hid her face in Henry's shoulder, and Henry started nonchalantly scratching his ear. Uluula had her mouth open and stared between the two of them.

"But, what, you..." she sputtered.

Henry rolled his eyes. "Let me get this straight. You have no problem walking around buck naked and getting in baths with people you barely know, but the idea that Mareen and I didn't, what, pre-date before dating and then date longer before making a decision to commit before boning bothers you?

"On my home planet, people have casual sex all the time. It's none of your business, but Mareen and I are exclusive. What is the problem? Sheesh, even I have seen you naked."

"You've WHAT?" Mareen's entire demeanor changed.

"These are not the same things! Nudity and intimacy are not the same!" wailed Uluula.

Keeja chucked. "Where did you actually first ravish your man, Mareen?"

"That's a weird way to put it," said Henry. Mareen tried to burrow even deeper into his shoulder. Her body was shaking from silent laughter, though.

"Did you not even go back to the guesthouse last night then?" Uluula put a hand on her forehead and said, "Surely you left the park first before--"

"Ahem," Jason butted in. "'Lula, don't ask questions you don't want answers to. Also, we need to move on to real topics of conversation." He glared at Henry and Mareen, but neither of them looked even remotely apologetic. Jason got a bad feeling about the two of them being together now. Henry was already rubbing off on Mareen, and it made Jason a little worried about his future sanity.

"First off all, we need to discuss this." Jason took the spirit stone out of his pocket. "Henry, this is a spirit stone. Bezzi-ibbi gave it to us." The Mo'hali boy in the corner nodded. He'd been staring off into space; the previous conversation had obviously bored him.

Jason continued, "I actually think I have a few more things I can learn about my magic if I stay at my current rank, and you said something earlier about building a truck. I was leaning towards suggesting you use this first spirit stone, but I want to hear what you think first."

Henry leaned forward and rubbed his goatee. "I don't mind if you take it first. I think I might be able to copy this world's technology just fine without it. On the other hand, I think I might be able to make blessed steel weapons if I level up."

Henry had everyone's undivided attention. "I've been studying blessed steel weapons and enchanted items. Keeja won't answer my questions now, but I was thinking about something she said before, that everything revolves around Dhu. I think blessed steel weapons are made of steel that has a Dhu bonded to or living in it. That's what protects the metal.

"I actually realized this might be the case when I heard how hard it is to rust a blessed steel weapon. It happens. They can rust away, but even if the steel itself is high carbon, all blessed steel swords are resistant to corrosion.

"I can just almost sense something in blessed steel weapons. I think with some more points in my sensing skill, I'll know a lot more. Plus, these types of skills probably actually will come in handy if I build any transportation."

Jason nodded and said, "Okay, how would you spend the points? We haven't talked about it, but I'm assuming you were able to talk to your orb when you were passed out like I was, right?"

"Yes, I talked to my smoking-hot bikini model orb. Sometimes I too wish I was cool enough to hang out with cartoon cats." Jason ignored the barb. It had gotten old ages ago. He was most definitely not irritated. Nope, he wasn't irritated at all.

Henry chuckled to himself for a second before his voice turned serious. "We get twelve points this time if we level up, not just ten like last time. I was planning to take another rank in Magic Control and Magic Perception. I think these two skills are the key to making kick-ass weapons."

"I think you may be right. You're also effectively the tank of the group right now, although Mareen should be pretty strong now too."

"You bet she's strong." Henry grinned at Uluula. "Flexible too!"

Mareen lightly punched Henry on the arm. "Stop embarrassing Uluula, you idiot!"

Keeja laughed, but Uluula didn't react. Only her bright red blush gave her away. Bezzi-ibbi rolled his eyes.

"Shouldn't you be embarrassed?" Jason directed his question at Mareen.

"No, I figured it would be like this before ever getting involved with this rotting moron. But once I heard my heart song, I really didn't have much of a choice. I just accepted it." Mareen smiled. Her happiness lit up the whole room.

Jason cleared his throat, and after Keeja stopped laughing, he brought up the subject he really wanted to discuss. "Now that we're a part of the Jaguar Clan, we can pretty much do what we want. We have one spirit stone that is going to Henry." Jason handed the spirit stone over to his friend. "Now we need at least one more for me and one more for Mareen."

He turned to Keeja and said, "I think there are circumstances or triggers that have to be met in order for you to give us information. Hopefully we have satisfied one of them. So now can you tell us of a dungeon with a spirit stone?"

"Yes, yes I can." Keeja's eyes glittered. "I can only give you the name of one such place. It should be fun to see how you handle a dangerous dungeon. I believe it will be your first too, right?"

Henry replied, "Yeah. What's the name of the one you know of?"

Keeja smiled mysteriously. "Its name is Yanbei Cavern. It is about three days' travel from Mirana. The scout that discovered it was reset was part of the last adventure group to try conquering it. The entire group died, so nobody else is currently aware it has been restocked.

"Unfortunately for you, it's been inhabited by warthog-toothed, thick-hide man-demons."

"The names for everything on this planet are all so stupid. What in the hell does that even mean, 'warthog teeth, man-whatevers'?" Henry shook his head, his voice disgusted.

Jason sighed. "Probably orks."





Delvers, LLC Garage

Two weeks had passed after Uluula had gotten back to Mirana with the rest of the group. The moment they'd returned, she began practicing in earnest with her spear. Her half-remembered jaalba-energy halberd drills from the Academy served her well, but she was still sorely lacking. Uluula was accustomed to being good at most things. In fact, she expected a certain level of excellence from herself in everything she did.

It had come as a blow that she was barely competent during the battle with Thod's bandits. Sure, she hadn't been as useless as Mareen. Mareen was a sweet young thing, but she was a little soft between the ears and in the heart too. And yet, now that silly girl was orb-Bonded and could beat a normal person to death with her bare hands.

Uluula had to establish her worth. She had to prove her pedigree. Losing to Mareen would simply not be acceptable.

Plus, next time Bezzi-ibbi might not be around to save them.

Uluula didn't know where she fit into the group yet, but she wasn't going to be anything other than the best at what she did. She definitely wasn't willing to burden a little Mo'hali boy with the responsibility for her life.

She'd been the fastest rising star in her old battle group. She was the daughter of a governess on her home planet. She'd worked hard for everything she had, and in her forties, barely an adult, she'd already proven herself in combat.

Yes, she was currently stranded on a hellhole planet with only basic technology. Yes, she knew her aspirations for the Admiralty were pretty much ashes at this point. None of this meant she had to give up her pride or personal standards. At least not yet.

The only good thing to come out of her predicament was Jason. As she walked toward the makeshift "garage" that Henry and Jason had set up for their bizarre experiments, she felt a smile tugging at the corner of her mouth.

Like most Areva on her planet, she'd never actually seen a Terran before being stolen to Ludus. It was a shock to learn that Terrans, the monsters she'd heard stories about as a child, actually existed. Furthermore, the reaction of the Areva in her first village on Ludus where she'd learned this fact was... amusement.

I had taken her some time to realize the truth was that Terrans--or "humans," as they called themselves--weren't monsters, at least not in the sense she'd grown up believing. On the other hand, they had the potential to be worse than demons. It was sobering to think what the universe would be like if Terrans ever got their hands on Areva technology.

The village had been good to her. She'd learned how to speak Luda; she'd grown to understand the basics of the new world she lived in. She'd worked hard to learn what she needed to know to be independent.

As soon as she could, she'd journeyed to Mirana to find work. The rest was history... and she'd never forget when Jason and Henry had rescued her. They hadn't asked for anything in return; they'd obviously just done what they thought was right. And remembering Jason's expression when he'd seen her for the first time still made her eyes twinkle.

She actually hadn't found any Terrans attractive to begin with. They were too big, too muscular, too loud, too... alien. But the longer she knew Jason, the more she came to appreciate him. It seemed like every day she was discovering a new side of his personality, and each facet of who he was made her like him that much more.

She knew Terrans weren't accustomed to the long, rational courting process of her caste and her people. She'd thought everything was going well and things were progressing nicely until Mareen and Henry started courti--seeing each other. Now Uluula felt like she was under scrutiny. She knew intellectually that Jason was patient and didn't mind waiting for her. She knew nobody else really judged her, but she'd felt on edge the past two weeks.

Scathing and unflinching self-analysis had led her to only one possible reason for her unease: she was afraid of sex. Perhaps it was because before Ludus, she'd assumed she wouldn't attract a man until she was at least eighty Terran years old. Maybe deep down she'd thought she'd focus on her military career and never even have time to experience romance.

For much of Uluula's life, she'd thought she'd never attract a satisfactory male. Despite her status and her breeding, she wasn't a first daughter and didn't have the pedigree to have much luck at being a first wife. Her personality and political affiliations were too strong to be a second or a third in an established marriage. It was a "catch twenty-two," as Jason would have said.

Either way, Uluula was aware she had a weakness now. It was gnawing at her, not least of which because such a large part of her personality was competitive. Jason and Henry were still adapting to Ludus too, but so far they'd started their own business, created strong alliances, and made heroes of themselves. They had a literal Hero working for them. Meanwhile, Uluula was barely scraping by, getting captured, and performing as a subpar porter.

She'd had to be rescued by a little boy.

No more. It was time to get her act together. She didn't know how she was going to prove herself yet, especially surrounded by such amazing people, but she was determined. Her name was Uluula b' Anami b' Pairose of the Blue, dammit.

She shook her head and shifted her burden as she walked down the cobbled street. If Jason hadn't asked her for a favor in a message via runner, she'd still be at her own rented house. Still, she was glad for the interruption. Deep down, she was also curious what Jason and his friend were building in their "garage," which apparently was just a big room attached to their house with a large door in front.

Henry insisted everyone call the room a garage. Uluula had been there for that rant, when Henry had insisted that since Ludus was full of stupid names, everyone could "throw him a fuckin' bone and call it a goddam garage." Uluula respected Henry; he was honorable and brave. She didn't really understand his personality or motivations at all, though.

She was getting close to Jason and Henry's rented house with the adjacent shed they'd turned into a garage. She felt her heart fluttering, a strange sensation she'd only had to deal with recently.

She stopped for a moment to calm herself. She would face her fears about intimacy, just... not today. Before releasing her sexual bridge, she was honor bound to bring up the subject of marriage, and she felt presumptuous and entitled just thinking about it, much less saying it out loud. She wasn't even fifty years old yet!

She shook her head hard enough that she caught glimpses of her white hair. It was time to pull herself together. If she was going to surpass Mareen's position in the newly-formed Delvers, LLC, she couldn't start emulating the girl's habits.

She started walking again and got close enough to the garage to hear Jason and Henry working. She went down a tight side alley and knocked on a small door. The noise inside ceased, and Jason smiled as he swung open the entry for her.

Uluula walked in and set her bundle on a chair. The magic stones inside clicked together as they settled. She glanced around and frowned; the garage was a mess. There were wooden planks, chairs, bronze sheets, bronze bars, and random tools scattered everywhere.

She glanced at the corner desk where Mareen usually sat, writing down columns of numbers. The girl wasn't there. "Where's Mareen?" Uluula asked.

Jason waved her deeper into the garage and replied, "She went to the Adventuring Guild and some other places to try finding another candidate or two for the company. We have a few positions open, and we still have some time before we leave."

"That's right," Henry said, nodding. "Jason had some good ideas for a larger roster. We have plans for what we're doing here in the garage too."

"Yes, but we are out of funding." Jason sighed.

"Story of my life," Henry muttered.

"You're out of resources even with the extra funding from the Jaguar Clan for research and development?" Uluula arched an eyebrow.

Jason frowned and answered, "Yes, even with the grant, but it wasn't very big. The Jaguar Clan isn't exactly rolling in wealth right now, which was why they needed us in the first place. They have some money now... but not a lot. We used the last of our budget getting those magic stones." He jerked his head at the sack Uluula had brought over.

Henry shook his head, saying, "No, we'll have a little more soon. We didn't have enough money for materials to build the cannons we talked about, so I asked Mareen to sell my Bad Axe. It would only accept one more owner. Just by touching the thing I lowered the value. It was still worth selling, though."

Jason blinked. "That is kind of random... but if you feel strongly about it, it was your weapon. You can do what you want with it."

"When Mareen gets back, she can run over to that supplier we've been using and order some more bronze bar stock."

Uluula asked, "Why would you sell your enchanted axe? It was rare, correct? And you just said that you lowered its value by taking ownership of it."

Henry's expression became serious. "Yes, that's all true, but improving on the Delvers' Battlewagon is more important."

"We never agreed to call it that." Jason rolled his eyes as he moved around some scraps of leather, looking for a tool.

"Ignore him." Henry waved his hand dismissively. "This is gonna be the Battlewagon."

Uluula was skeptical. So far, the contraption Jason and Henry were building resembled nothing more than a large box. She could not imagine what it would eventually look like at all or even how it would function. "Isn't it a problem to lose such a powerful weapon, though?"

Henry grinned. "Normally I'd say yes, but I already made replacements." He walked over to a counter, moved some scraps of wood aside, and lifted an axe out of the mess. It was shaped just like the enchanted axe he'd sold except for being made of bronze. "Even though I made it a bit smaller, it's still kind of heavy since it's bronze. I'm calling it the Bad Axe Reloaded. BAR for short."

"And he complains about stupid names," Jason muttered.

Henry ignored him and put the axe back down, "This axe is really only in case we run into a hostile Mo'hali Hero. I don't have the khopesh anymore after returning it. I don't really need a melee weapon anymore for most situations." Henry grinned again and said, "Jason! Let's show her!"

Jason shook his head and grumbled, "We need to get back to work. Don't you get tired of doing this?"

"No."

"Fine."

Jason crossed the room to a desk and grabbed a native fruit out of a basket. Henry began to explain, "When Jason let me have the spirit stone and I hit the next rank for my orb, I took Endurance (Rank 2, three points), Magic Perception (Rank 2, three points), Magic Power (Rank 2, two points), Magic Control (Metal Rank 1, two points), and Durability (Rank 1, two points). I used up all twelve points."

"Think fast," Jason said and threw the red fruit toward Henry. In the blink of an eye, Henry swung his arm, and the transformation happened so fast it looked like a metal-colored blur to Uluula. The fruit hit the wall behind Henry, sliced in half.

Henry's entire arm was covered in glittering steel, a long blade extending from the top of his fist. The steel on his arms crept up into the sleeves of his dark tunic, and Uluula could see tendrils of steel extending up through his collar, overlaying the skin on his neck.

It was very impressive.

Henry grinned as he de-manifested his blade, its length melting back into the steel on his arm. Then the metal on his body just seemed to fade away until he looked normal again. "I never get tired of that. My abilities now really show how fucking gimped I was by not getting Magic Control before. It's like night and day.

"Also, now when I put on my regular armor, I'm like a goddam tank. I can cover all my vitals with steel skin. The Durability skill makes my skin as tough as boiled leather without any other protection too. On top of all that, I think my bones got stronger. I don't really have to worry about hurting myself by using my enhanced strength anymore. This level-up is amazing."

Jason said, "He can create rifling in barrels now too. He made himself a new rifle."

Henry patted his thigh. "I'm still going to keep my bigger exogun, maybe keep one of the smaller tubes too, but yeah, I have a rifle now." Henry went to a table on the other side of the garage and picked up the weapon he'd created that week. "This thing is fantastic. I'm still working on better sights for it, but I have actual magazines for this sucker, see?"

Henry detached what looked like a box on the underside of the tube weapon and showed it to Uluula. She saw long, golden metal slugs stacked up, waiting to be fed into the rifle. She was impressed. She wasn't sure how the weapon worked, but she thought it looked a lot like an Areva magnegun. She was familiar with the shape of Henry's rifle but not with its function. "How does it work?"

Henry slapped the magazine back into the underside of the weapon, cocked a bolt back to the rear, and pushed it forward. "This is how you load the gun. I use magic to actually fire it so the mechanism just guides a round into the barrel.

"Using gold rounds was Jason's idea. We're still getting used to the fact that gold is common on this planet. Lead is fucking hard to find, but gold works just fine, especially since I made the barrel so dense and strong. It's really friggin heavy, but it should last a while."

"Weren't your projectiles for the exoguns made of bronze?" Since the conversation had veered into weapons development, Uluula was genuinely interested. The way Jason and especially Henry could just invent contraptions out of nothing was fascinating.

"Yeah, but exoguns are quick and dirty. They were just smooth tubes, and the balls I was firing were not a tight fit all around. I just rolled them between my palms. The barrels of the exoguns basically just existed to guide the ball in a certain direction. On the other hand, this rifled barrel creates spin and stabilizes the slugs."

The weapon was incredibly crude, but Uluula understood the basic principal. Her eyes shined when she realized how formidable such a thing would be in Henry's hands. He noticed her expression and smiled. "Yup, I don't think I have to explain to you what this thing can do. Mr. Peaceful back there still doubts me, though." He jerked his head at Jason.

Uluula pursed her lips and thought about what the two had said a few minutes ago. "And you want to put cannons on the vehicle too? I'm assuming that with your... orb upgrades, you can fire guns with more power now as well."

Henry snorted. "You don't know the half of it. This baby will make my old exoguns look like BB guns."

Uluula didn't know why Henry would refer to any weapon as an infant nor what a "BB gun" was, but she understood the gist of what he was saying.

Henry put the rifle away and faced her. "You should also see what your boyfriend came up with yesterday."

Uluula glanced at Jason and thought he looked sheepish. "He is not my boyfriend. The most accurate way to describe our relationship is that we are discovering whether courting is--"

"I really don't care what you want to call it." Henry grimaced. "You two should just bang and get it over with. But whatever, it's not my business; Jason's badass new ability is, though."

Henry grabbed a thick bronze rod and held it out. "Show her, Jason! She'll get a kick out of this."

Jason sighed, but his eyes lit up as he unsheathed his sword and walked over. Henry began speaking again, "He started meditating yesterday when we were taking a break. He was probably just sulking because you were out training with your spear or whatever and you two couldn't go on an incredibly polite, sterile, well-mannered date. Anyway, this mopey, goofy motherfucker came up with something completely terrifying."

Jason swung his Breeze at the bronze bar, and as the weapon arced forward, Uluula noticed the edge of the blade flicker. When the sword hit the bronze, it didn't stop. In fact, it continued on like nothing was even there. The severed bar fell to the floor with a metallic twang, its end cut so cleanly the surface looked polished.

Uluula's jaw dropped open.

Henry sniggered. "I told him he should ditch the lame name for his sword and call it 'Lightsaber' instead."

"Just ignore him." Jason sheathed his sword and walked back to his work area. "Back during the fight with Thod, I discovered that the edges of my null time fields were very sharp, probably because they are so incredibly thin. Once I was able to figure out how to anchor a long, thin null-time field to a physical object, the rest was history."

Jason was trying to sound nonchalant, but Uluula could tell he was pleased with himself. She felt her heart swell with pride for this strange, tall, alien man.

Henry shook his head as he examined the cut on the bar. "The only reason this cut isn't literally perfect is because of the width of the sword. This is some scary shit."

Jason shrugged. "Just imagine what we could do as a team if you got good enough with Ludus tech to replicate this ability using powered swords."

"We'd be unstoppable, man."

Uluula sighed. She had a lot to think about. One of the roles she was planning to try her hand at within Delvers, LLC was tactics. Jason could think strategically too, but he didn't have her experience. It was very possible he wouldn't need her assistance, but for the time being, her goal was to be the company's tactician.

However, to do planning of any kind, she needed to understand the capabilities of every person on the team. That meant if any new members were added, she'd have to learn about them too. She had a lot of work to do. At least she already had intel on their target location.

"Jason, Henry, you two read about Yanbei Cavern from the materials Mareen got us, right?"

"Yes, and we are planning for it." Jason gestured at their large, unfinished vehicle. "We've been working on strategies to counter all the dangers mentioned in the reports from the Adventuring Guild."

"Do you think I could help?"

Jason smiled, his eyes tired but lively. "Sure, we'll get another desk in here so you can set up shop while Mareen crunches numbers. That would be actually be fantastic since then you could be informed of our experiments in real time. Are you sure you have time, though? I know you've been working on a lot of your own stuff lately."

Uluula considered for a moment before answering, "It depends. Can you make me a better ranged weapon than the old, shoddy crossbow I've been using? Next on my list of tasks was 'get better with a crossbow.'"

"Can you do it, Henry?" Jason asked his friend.

Henry scratched the back of his head for a few seconds before answering, "I don't see why not. I already have to make a new bow for Mareen since she can bench press a truck now. I think I can definitely make a better crossbow for you. We're going to be pressed for time, though."

Jason crossed his arms. "Yeah, the struggle is real. We were out of money. I know Henry has some now, but we'll probably use all of that up too. That means we still have to worry about paying rent on this house in another month and a half."

"Wait a moment." Something had just occurred to Uluula. "What about people being notified that you are orb-Bonded? How have you even been shopping?" Uluula realized she'd forgotten that Jason was marked!

Jason laughed. "Henry came up with a way to solve that problem a week ago." He took some rolled leather out of his back pocket, revealing it was a mask when he put it on. The mask covered his face above his nose and over his eyes but didn't otherwise alter his appearance.

"We look a little eccentric when we wear these, but based on some experimentation, we realized the Dolos data is triggered by facial recognition."

Henry's voice was grim when he elaborated, "So now we also know we'll have to keep an eye out for other people who do this same sort of thing or hide their faces."

"Why didn't you cover your face the last couple times we stepped out, erm, went on a date?"

"Mainly because it was dark and we were already going to restaurants or places I've already been. Most of the people we saw have already seen me before. Sure, it was an unnecessary risk, but I really hate wearing a mask, especially since it's leather. I smell nothing but leather all day long afterwards unless I shower. I don't want to waste our money on hot water, though."

Uluula suddenly made a decision. The fact she could know so little about what Jason was up to for the past two weeks despite the fact they saw each other regularly was proof that she was too disconnected. She couldn't reasonably expect to assist in the company's strategy if she didn't even know its two leaders were skulking around in embarrassing, poorly-crafted masks.

"Get a desk in here, please. I will start working in the garage to help plan for our mission."

"Good answer!" Henry exclaimed. He gave her a quick probing look that Jason didn't see before he walked back to his tool-strewn workstation. Not for the first time, Uluula felt mutual dislike for Henry. Still, in moments like these, Uluula was grateful he made an effort to get along with her for the sake of his friend. Plus, Uluula really never wanted to make an enemy of Henry.

The man acted foolish and carefree often enough that sometimes she forgot what an engine of destruction he could be. Jason had the same effect with his analytical nature and soft-spoken manner. Uluula forgot that Jason seemed to turn into a god of death when provoked. If they survived the next year or so, both men could join the ranks of the most dangerous people on the planet.

Uluula chuckled softly to herself. After coming to this planet, her dream of being an admiral was a thing of the past, but Ludus was hardly boring. She had to admit she was actually beginning to enjoy the challenge of finding her place in this world, both personally and professionally.

She hummed as she began to clear out an area in the garage for her new desk.





Blood Fire

Aodh Antonni O'Breen had never wanted to be a farmer, but he hadn't had any other aspirations either, at least not until recently. His only real motivation for most of his life had been staying away from his mental cousin, Vitaliya.

As he sat on a hilltop, watching the sheep watching him back, he thought about the misfortunes of his life. Unfortunately, the universe hated him. Out of the entire O'Breen clan, only he and his cousin had manifested as mages when they were young. This had made him happy at first... until he'd realized he would see his cousin more often.

All the other kids got to stop going to school outside Mirana when they were old enough to work, but mages were encouraged to keep attending. Vitaliya was only a couple years older than he was, but his parents and her parents had trusted her to watch him.

They didn't know what a demon she was! Aodh was cursed.

His whole life, Aodh had had troubles he couldn't explain. Most of the time, he worked as a shepherd. The sheep constantly bit him. In fact, just about every animal under the sun wanted to bite him. His worst bit of luck was how he looked, though.

His ma was only half Fideli, and his da was Terran. Aodh was only one fourth, but he looked like he was full-blooded Fideli. Terrans were treated poorly by Areva, but Fideli were treated badly by everyone, even other Fideli! Everywhere he went, people assumed he was Fideli. They acted like he might randomly start breaking things or hurting people.

As a mage in a Terran farming community, looking Fideli had led to a very lonely childhood. He'd stood out even more in the O'Breen settlement. Most of the other O'Breen youth were redheads or had fair hair. Meanwhile, Aodh had dark hair and striking eyes.

Aodh was always falling off of things or falling into things or falling over things. He always said the wrong thing at the wrong time. It seemed his life was filled with nothing but mistakes and embarrassment. The only thing he was truly good at was magic, but his fire magic was weak. He didn't even have enough power to support a bakery.

A few months before his da had passed away, Aodh had been complaining about his life. His da was sick, so Aodh tried not to gripe when he was visiting, but his frustration seemed to always come out anyway. His da looked at him seriously and said, "Aodh, you're an O'Breen. You've got to stop acting like a puss-face. O'Breen folk are bogtrotters, at least on Ludus. We got to be tough. Do you know why?"

Aodh had answered how his da had taught him to his whole life. "Yeah, Da, if we aren't strong, Ludus will be stronger. Every day is a fight."

"That's it, boyo!" His da was weak, but he'd still ruffled Aodh's hair.

His da had died when he was ten, and his ma followed two months later. It had broken Aodh's heart. He still missed them terribly. The universe's sense of humor was cruel, so he also had to go live with his aunt, Vitaliya's ma. He practically saw his cousin every waking hour. It was awful.

Aodh idly lit a twig in his hand on fire with magic and snuffed it out with his fingers. He really hated the sheep, probably not as much as they hated him, but watching the livestock gave him time to think. It was just unfortunate how his thoughts started down such dark roads. Thinking of his parents always made his heart ache, but his mind seemed to head there whenever he was lost in the past.

He was sixteen now, two years older than the minimum age to sign a contract or work for a large company. He knew his aunt and uncle had enough people to take care of their farm. He wasn't particularly needed. He helped out where he could, but he was accident prone. Every time he thought of the messes he'd made, it filled him with guilt.

He needed a change. He dreamed of being an adventurer. But when he'd tried to join any of the adventuring companies in Mirana the year before, he was rejected by all of them. They said he was too young, too unskilled, too small, or had too little talent. The general message was that nobody needed a fifteen-year-old, scrawny, underwhelming fire mage with no other skills of note.

It was a bitter pill to swallow, but Aodh was driven. He'd started practicing with a quarterstaff every day and working out to train his body. It made him nervous that the only person his age that didn't treat his dream with scorn was Vitaliya. Another cousin, Vitaliya's little bother Tadhg, openly laughed at him. Most of the other youth in his community mocked him too, but they had the courtesy to do it behind his back.

Aodh had swallowed his shame and continued to train. Everyone knew he was a weak mage. He was on the small side and hadn't been anything other than a farmer his whole life. He didn't care. He'd grown up reading stories of Thato Jacobs, one of the most famous adventurers of his time. Thato had led one of the greatest adventuring companies on the continent, and he couldn't even use magic! He hadn't wielded a Dolos orb either; he'd just succeeded by using his wits and trusting his companions. Aodh idolized Thato Jacobs.

Thato Jacobs... Aodh smiled, remembering the event that had finally changed his life for the better.

A few months earlier, when the land next to the O'Breen compound was settled by a new farming community, Aodh hadn't paid much attention. Having new neighbors didn't directly affect him or his adventurer training. However, when his nosey cousin Vitaliya eventually found out the leader of the new community was George Jacobs, Thato Jacobs' father, Aodh was shocked.

Aodh was clumsy and didn't have a lot of self-confidence, but he was also earnest and straightforward. He'd immediately found Mr. George and introduced himself. Over the next couple months, the two forged an unlikely, but strong friendship.

With a start, Aodh came back to the present again and stared off into the distance. He couldn't wait until he was done watching the sheep for the day. Then he could go visit George.

Now that he thought about it, he realized he spent a lot of time at George's house, hearing stories of old adventures and learning what his son Thato was like when he was a boy. Aodh was also able to pick up some adventuring tips as well as some bushcraft skills. He couldn't believe his luck! He was even able to avoid Vitaliya!

He'd also gotten to know everyone in the new community. He was good friends with Mr. Perry too. Perry had lost his son to monsters before their village moved to the new settlement. Aodh could tell that he was lonely, so sometimes he would stop by just to say hello.

Aodh more or less got along well with everyone in the neighboring village. From the old spinsters to the little kids, they were all kind, down-to-earth people. As he got to know them, he heard all the stories of the group's journey to Mirana.

The mixed opinions about the orb-Bonded Henry and Jason fascinated him. The way they were described, he was interested in one day meeting Henry. He sounded like everything Aodh was not. He was described as brash, self-confident, and worldly. Not everyone in the village liked him, but they all respected him.

Jason sounded like philosophers of old. A sharp mind wrapped in a gentle disposition. However, the way the villagers described Jason fighting sounded terrifying.

Aodh was just a farm boy who could make little fires using magic. He hoped one day he could learn something from Henry or Jason. If Thato Jacobs' father, George Jacobs, spoke well for someone, that meant a lot to Aodh.

Aodh shook himself, realizing he could end his work day. He had to get the stupid sheep back in their pens first. He knew the foul-tempered beasts were probably going to nip him as he finished his day. He clenched his jaw and reminded himself he would get to read at Mr. George's house as soon as he was done. That was all the motivation he needed.

* * *

Aodh was sitting down, reading one of George's old books, when there was a knock at the door. George glanced up from the chess piece he was carving, and his eyes twinkled. "Aodh, can you get the door please? I wasn't sure if they'd be able to make it today, but it looks like they could."

Aodh put the journal down and got up to answer the door. He suspected someone from the community needed to talk to George. Some of the local farmers were calling the settlement Georgetown, which seemed to be some kind of joke that Aodh didn't understand. People in Georgetown were always asking George for advice.

He opened the door and did a double take. The first thing he registered was that the man and woman standing outside were both wearing masks. The woman smiled and stepped past him, and the man followed. Aodh was aghast.

He automatically shut the door behind the two strangers and turned to get his first good look at them. Both the man and the woman wore identical masks. They were made of some thin, silvery metal. It was too dull to be tin, so probably pewter. Both masks were relatively small and covered their eyes and cheeks above the nose. The eye holes were filled with a very fine metal mesh. The only decorations the masks had were chasing around the edges and printed words on the area over the cheeks.

Aodh was trilingual. He could read and write Luda, Quadrant, and English. Well, a bit of Gaelic too. He recognized that the words on the mask were in English! One cheek read "Delvers," and the other cheek had "LLC." Aodh had no idea what it meant.

The man was athletic and about average height, so a few inches taller than Aodh. He had tan skin, dark hair, and wore a black-and-green tunic emblazoned with a clawed paw. His dark pants were bloused into green boots. He was probably part of a great House or Clan. On his belt, he had a strange contraption built from leather and bronze with a couple bronze tubes attached. He also wore an axe.

The woman was dressed in more contemporary clothing. She wore a dark blouse over loose, tan cargo pants. Her blouse hugged her athletic, curvy build, and bronze, bazuband-style bracers with small decorations covered her arms to the elbows. She carried an enormous bronze hammer and used its all-metal haft as a walking stick.

She stood about five five, barely shorter than Aodh. Her skin was dusky, and her hair fell in ringlets to slightly past her shoulders. Aodh caught a glimpse of light brown eyes through the mask. Even with her mask on, he could tell she was an astonishingly beautiful, exotic-looking woman.

Aodh's mouth went dry, and he thought, Who are these people? His question was answered when they took their masks off.

Aodh had seen an orb-Bonded one time since Dolos' proclamation, so he'd experienced the chime in his head and writing scrolling over his left eye. However, despite immediately knowing what the sensation meant, it was so unexpected he still nearly cried out.

Over his left eye, he read:

Henry Mirai Sato, Terran, American

Dolos Orb, Modular Build, Generation Three

Second Rank

and

Mareen Jacobs, Ludan, Tolstenian

Dolos Orb, Body Enhancement, Generation One

First Rank

His first shock was that they were Bonded. His next shock was when he realized who Mareen was. That's Thato Jacobs' daughter!

Okay, Aodh, be calm. Just be calm. He sat in a chair and struggled to maintain his composure.

Henry smiled at George and shook his hand. Now Aodh could see Henry's Asian features. He could also see that Mareen was even more beautiful than he'd imagined. She was younger than he'd thought she'd be, though; she only looked a little older than he was! He decided she could have been anywhere between seventeen and twenty-five years old. Aodh tried to never judge a woman's age more specifically than about five to ten years.

It was one piece of advice Vitaliya had given him that actually made sense.

"How are you doing, old man?" Henry grabbed a chair and straddled it. Mareen moved a chair over but sat in her seat normally.

Aodh was having trouble reconciling that George's granddaughter and Henry, the same Henry from the stories, were both actually in front of him. Part of Aodh was offended that Henry talked to George so casually, but he had to remind himself that every single person in the settlement would have been dead if not for Henry. It was a sobering thought.

George smiled. "No real complaints. I was going to say I'm getting too old for working in the fields, but the truth is I'm already too old."

"Grandfather, you're too stubborn to stop working. I know for a fact that people try to get you to stop every year." Mareen's voice was sweet and cultured. Aodh was astonished and intimidated. He knew his own Luda had a strange accent, probably because of his old-Terran Irish accent while speaking English. Mareen sounded like a Ludus aristocrat. It was difficult for Aodh to imagine she'd grown up on a farm.

George chuckled, "Well, what can I do? It's too late to change. Anyway, I see you got those masks figured out."

Henry nodded. "Yeah, it was Uluula's idea. It seemed to offend her when she found out we were using leather. She decided to use the opportunity to force marketing on us."

"What, with the name of your company on the masks?" George asked. Aodh's ears perked up at that. Thato Jacobs' daughter is orb-Bonded... and an adventurer? His eyes shined.

"Yeah, she sold Jason on the idea when she said it might let people from Earth know that we aren't locals." Henry jerked his thumb at Aodh and asked, "Who's he?"

"That's Aodh O'Breen. He's from the neighboring farming community. I've been hoping you could meet him, actually."

"Aodh?" Henry frowned. "What's your full name?"

"Aodh Antonni O'Breen." Just be cool, Aodh. Just be cool.

"Antonni? Mind if I call you 'Tony,' Aodh?"

Aodh had heard that people with certain backgrounds had difficulty with his name. Plus, he actually liked his middle name. "Sure," he responded. He couldn't believe he was having a conversation with a real orb-Bonded adventurer!

"Why did you want us to meet him?" Mareen asked her grandfather.

George smiled mysteriously. "I thought I might be able to do a favor for several people I care about at the same time. How has your search for new team members been going?"

"Not very good," Henry sounded frustrated. "We need fire, water, and wind mages or orb-Bonded. Most of the people we interviewed are way too full of themselves and demand too much pay, or they're newbies and aren't exactly what we're looking for. We still don't have enough street cred to get the kind of people we want."

"You need a fire mage, right?"

"Yeah. A while ago, we found out the warehouse we were imprisoned in a few months back actually blew up and caught fire because someone was illegally making gunpowder. Then we learned gunpowder is extremely fucking dangerous to mess with on Ludus. All of this gave me and Jason a few ideas, so we've been experimenting with all the gunpowder the Jaguar Clan can get us."

Mareen said, "I have no idea what kind of crazy things they're working on. I've just been doing sums, practicing archery, and hitting things with my hammer. This is news to me too."

George said, "I don't understand what your capture in Mirana has to do with finding a fire mage."

"It's more about what we're inventing. Well, most if it happened because Jason liked the idea of my exoguns," Henry said, pointing at the bronze tubes holstered on his belt. "As far as we know, nobody else really boosts magic with technology. Sure, we've seen Ludus technology based on magic stones. Heck, we're even developing it. But at the personal level, no mages really use tools."

George shrugged. "Wands and staves don't do anything. I even had it in my journal."

"That's true, but just trust me on this." Henry winked. "We might have figured something out. So anyway, why did you want us to meet Tony?"

George quirked an eyebrow at Henry before answering, "Well, Aodh is a fire mage, and he's been trying to get into an adventuring company for over a year now."

"Oh really?" Henry's eyes lit up, and he looked more closely at Aodh. "Tony, how old are you? Convert it to Earth years, please. I'm not good at math in my head."

"I'm sixteen, sir."

"Don't call me 'sir.' I work for a living." When everyone stared at him blankly, Henry muttered, "Never mind. It's an old army joke, and it wasn't funny then, either. How powerful is your magic?"

Aodh had known the question was coming, but he still cringed. "Not very powerful. I have good control, but I'm at the low end of the Berber magic scale."

"Meh, it doesn't matter. Can you do Blood Fire?"

Aodh was confused. Blood Fire was one of the most basic fire mage abilities and was only really used to start campfires and stoves. "Uh, yeah. I mean, yes, I can."

Henry's eyes glittered. "Can you prove it?"

"Yes, sir, I mean, Mr. Henry. Umm, George, can I have a piece of junk wood from the floor?"

George nodded and found a long splinter from his pile of shavings. He handed it over, and Aodh examined it. Then he bit his thumb. He hated blood, he hated pain, and he hated biting himself. However, working with the sheep and goats had made the sensation somewhat familiar since they were always chomping on him when he wasn't looking.

He placed a drop of blood on the splinter which immediately soaked it up. Then he concentrated. Blood Fire was easy even for a mage with his limited power. The little piece of wood instantly started burning.

"That's great, dude!" Henry was acting too excited, like Aodh had just run a blacksmith's forge for two days straight. Aodh was a confused by the reaction. Granted, Aodh had pretty good range, but just about any fire mage could do what he'd just done.

"How far away can you start the Blood Fire?"

Aodh thought about it for a few seconds before answering, "I'm not sure. I've never tested it, but at least two hundred feet. Probably more."

"Awesome!" Henry grinned and said, "That's perfect." He turned to George. "He definitely fits what we're looking for, but he's a little young, isn't he?"

"Maybe on Earth, not on Ludus," George said. "He was legal to work two years ago, and I already talked to his aunt and uncle about this. Not that he needs their permission, but they support it, especially after I told them I believe in you and Jason.

"What about the danger?"

George looked Henry right in the eye. "This young man is going to join an adventuring company one way or another. If he goes off with someone, I'd prefer he goes with you and Jason. So does his family."

Henry grimaced and thought for a few seconds in silence. Eventually, he gave Aodh a level look. "So, kid, you want to be an adventurer? We can't pay much at first, but how would you like to join Delvers, LLC?"





Triggerman

Before he began his new job as a real adventurer in a real adventuring company, Aodh asked around about Delvers, LLC. He trusted George, and he was excited to work with Thato Jacobs' daughter, but he was curious too.

He asked the guards he met, a few tradesmen, and some adventurers he saw. He knew that adventurers gossiped like old men on a porch. What he heard was... confusing.

Most people he talked to didn't know of Delvers, LLC at all. That was what Aodh had been expecting since the company was new. However, he did hear a few things, but what he heard sounded so unlikely or embellished that he didn't believe most of it.

For instance, he heard that Henry and Jason, the founders of Delvers, LLC, had killed an entire crime ring and burned down a building all in one day. He heard that they kept a Mo'Hali Hero as a servant and that one of the great Clans had spent a fortune in magic stones to bring them home with an airship just so they wouldn't have to walk.

It was rumored that Delvers, LLC had gotten its adventuring license for free by blackmailing one of the Guild's leaders. He heard that a High Priestess of Dolos was spotted around the areas that Delvers, LLC members frequented. A drunk adventurer even told Aodh a supposedly true story, claiming Henry and Jason had destroyed a large group of bandits and killed a second-rank Bonded, a wanted criminal.

Most of it sounded ridiculous. Even the stories the people in the Georgetown settlement told were unlikely. Henry and Jason had killed twenty demon wolves? Aodh was skeptical. He believed that they'd saved the caravan but not that they'd actually killed a large pack of horned demon wolves. He guessed they'd probably managed to kill a couple and the rest had run away. In his experience, people embellished exciting tales more often than not.

Then came the day he was supposed to report to work at the Delvers, LLC building. After his first week in the company, he'd officially be added to the roster in the Adventuring Guild register. He still wasn't entirely sure what to think about Delvers, LLC, his new company, but... he was going to be an adventurer!

He was incredibly excited. All his training over the last year would finally pay off, and he could be a valued addition to a real adventuring team!

Aodh had run errands in Mirana a few times in the past, so he knew his way around the city. However, when he got to the location written on his slip of paper, instead of an office or an adventurer-owned inn, he found himself in front of a rental house. It wasn't even an impressive rental house. There was a small, rough building connected to the side, filling most of the space that would otherwise have been a wide alley.

He walked up to the door and paused, gathering himself for a moment before knocking. The door was almost immediately opened by a large, scarred, fearsome-looking canine Mo'hali man. The man was wearing a mask similar to the ones he'd seen Henry and Mareen wearing when they'd visited George. The man also wore hide clothing and a sash adorned with an unfamiliar heraldry.

Aodh had the right place all right, but his first impression wasn't that great. Delvers, LLC had a growing reputation around Mirana, but based on the location of the company, it looked like they had no resources. His new employers were broke!

Aodh cleared his throat. "Aodh Antonni O'Breen, here for first day of employment."

The Mo'hali man's expression didn't change, and he stared at Aodh for a few seconds. Eventually, he grunted and motioned him to follow.

Aodh followed the wolf man through the home, a fairly normal Mirana house but kind of sparse. There wasn't much furniture, and what was there seemed cobbled together from scrap wood.

At the side of the house, the wolf Mo'hali knocked on a door which was opened by another Mo'hali, this one young with jaguar features and wearing black, quilted armor with green trim. He had on one of the Delvers, LLC masks too. The Mo'hali man bowed deeply, his expression reverent. The boy looked at him quizzically then shrugged and walked back the way he came.

As soon as Aodh followed the wolf man through the door, he gasped in shock. They were in the small building attached to the side of the house, and it was filled with a huge bronze vehicle-thing.

Aodh wasn't quite sure what he was looking at. The whole vehicle had no wheels and was propped up on wooden blocks. When he looked more closely, Aodh saw that it wasn't made of solid bronze but wood covered in bronze plates. It had a thin band of gold at the bottom, and Aodh assumed the entire bottom of the contraption was covered in the metal as well.

The front of the vehicle had a thick, glass windshield. Aodh was familiar with windshields from drawings of magic tech vehicles used in other countries.

He'd never seen anything quite like it before. On top of the vehicle was a round, donut-shaped protrusion with two pipes sticking out of it. In some ways, it reminded him of the military vehicles he'd seen drawings of in the past. However, all the military vehicles he was aware of functioned as moving marksman platforms or platforms for siege engines. They were built high with many openings, and most of them started their lives as flying ships or large wheeled vehicles. The contraption he was studying appeared much smaller and was shaped completely different.

From underneath the vehicle, he heard voices arguing. "I need a channel cut here."

"Here?"

"Not there, here."

"Oh, okay."

Aodh could identify one of the voices as Henry's. The other man's voice was unfamiliar. Aodh glanced around and saw tools, scraps of metal, wood planks, and other objects haphazardly lying around everywhere. The only exceptions were two desks at the back of the building. Mareen sat behind one desk, wearing her mask. Her huge hammer was propped up on a stand, and a large composite bow with bronze backing hung on the wall behind her.

The other desk was smaller and had maps and notes arranged in neat piles. The woman sitting at this desk was jotting something down on paper with grids. She was obviously Areva, and her hair was a rare shade of white for her age and her race. Aodh judged her to be about thirty-eight to forty-six, young for an Areva. Aodh knew he could be wrong about her age, but unlike the rest of his family, he had a knack for judging Areva ages. It was all about the ears and the eyes.

Mareen looked up and smiled. "Hello there, Tony!"

"Hi, Ms. Mareen."

"Jason! Henry! Get out from under that thing and greet Tony."

"Okay, coming," Henry's voice was muffled from under the vehicle.

"Be right there." The other man's voice sounded relieved.

The two men shimmied themselves out from where they'd been working. They were both wearing masks as well as some sort of coveralls made from canvas meant to protect their clothes. Aodh recognized Henry and assumed the taller, light-skinned man with unruly hair was Jason.

They all stood there awkwardly for a moment until Henry nodded and said, "Good to see you again, Tony. This guy next to me is Jason. Jason, this is Tony."

"This is our triggerman you were telling me about?" Jason asked.

"Yup."

"Oh! You met Rark-han already, Tony? Sorry that he didn't say anything. He actually just joined back up with us again. He can't speak anymore, but he's with Bezzi-ibbi. In fact, that crest on his sash is Bezzi-ibbi's new sigil." Jason seemed excited, and Aodh decided he liked him even though he didn't know who Bezzi-ibbi was. He assumed Jason meant the Mo'hali boy wearing black and green.

Aodh tried not to judge because he knew he was fairly young himself at sixteen, but the other boy didn't look old enough to be an adventurer at all.

Henry frowned at Jason. "You know you're babbling, right? The baby goat just got here. Why would you start talking about Rark-han right away? I'm still pissed the fucking Jaguar Clan cut out his tongue."

"Well, they didn't kill him, did they? Plus, he is going to be hearing a lot of Clan secrets. It's barbaric, but it makes a certain amount of sense. Also, you just said 'baby goat' again, not 'kid.' I think you meant to say 'young man.'"

"Men, please remember where you are!" The Areva woman stood up from behind her desk and scowled at Henry and Jason. "This is not the first time you've done this either. I know you're focused on your work and getting ready for the mission, but impressions matter. As an adventuring company, Delvers, LLC rallies behind you two when meeting new people."

"She's right, you know." Jason shrugged at Henry.

"Yeah. I just want to get the Battlewagon done. I've been grumpy for days."

"We never agreed on that name."

"I'm the one making it actually work. I'm also the one who came up with the gold-repelling suspension idea. I'm the inventor, and I think it should be called the Battlewagon."

"If you name it that, I'm going to feel ridiculous, like I should be wearing a purple mask and changing my name to Donatello. Actually, we're arguing again in front of company. I also just realized we haven't taken our masks off even though we're in the garage." Jason sounded embarrassed.

Henry's eyes widened. "Oh fuck, we probably seem rude as hell. Quick, everyone take your masks off!"

As they took their masks off, Jason explained to Aodh, "We decided we should get used to wearing these things before we actually need to keep them on all the time. We'll make one later for you too."

After they had their masks off, Aodh looked around and felt his heart hammering in his chest. There were six people other than him in the garage. He knew that two of them, Henry and Mareen, were orb wielders, Bonded. However, after the others took their masks off, he heard two more chimes in his head and saw:

Bezzi-ibbi, Jaguar Clan

Hero Ring, Arm Morph, Quicksilver

First Rank

and

Jason James Booth, Terran, American

Dolos Orb, Modular Build, Generation Three

First Rank

Aodh couldn't believe what he was seeing. Most adventuring companies had one or two mages at most. Only the most powerful companies had so much as one Bonded warrior. Heroes were even rarer. Delvers, LLC has three Bonded and a Hero? Aodh blinked rapidly in shock, and Henry seemed to understand what he was thinking. He chuckled. "Bezzi-ibbi over there is the heir to his Clan too. This is probably a lot to take in."

Suddenly, the door on the other side of the building opened, and a woman walked in. "I was outside, but did I hear somebody say we have company? Is the newest addition to your merry band, that fire mage, finally here now? Is he cute?"

An Areva woman walked around the vehicle in the center of the garage, and Aodh got his first look at her. She was absently munching on a piece of fruit and wore jean shorts and a shirt with a picture of a yucka on it. Some of her long, light-brown hair was arranged on top of her head in a poof. The designs on her cheeks and her forehead, the gold necklace, her overall look--it was all familiar. Aodh recognized who she was, who she had to be. He was standing before Keeja, one of the five most powerful High Priestesses of Dolos on Ludus.

It was all a little too much. Aodh fainted.

* * *

When Aodh woke up, he was embarrassed, but everyone was very understanding. He was officially introduced to all the members of Delvers, LLC. Keeja wasn't there any more, a fact Aodh was grateful for.

The High Priestesses of Dolos were incredibly ancient and enigmatic. All of them were deeply entwined in myth and legend. Aodh wasn't sure what to believe. It was one thing to read old stories about Priestesses boiling oceans. It was a different matter entirely to meet a cowboy-booted demigod in person.

While Aodh was getting settled, Jason grumbled at Henry, "You know, she should really wear a mask like the rest of us."

Henry's reply was dry, "Okay, I'll tell you what, you try to make her. Not only that, if she was wearing a mask at first, do you think Tony's reaction would have been different after she took it off? I know we don't get it, but High Priestesses are kind of a big deal on this world."

"Well, if we'd spent our whole life hearing about them instead of just seeing her blow up a cloud one time, maybe we'd feel different."

"Maybe."

"Anyway, we should probably start working with Tony," said Jason.

"Okay, you got this? You're better at explaining things than I am."

Jason nodded. "Yeah, I just made that cut for you anyway. You won't need me for a while."

"Sounds good." Henry went back to working under the vehicle. All the other members of Delvers, LLC got back to what they were doing before too. The women were at their desks, Bezzi-ibbi was sharpening some sort of spikes, and Rark-han was decorating what looked like a new set of leather armor.

Jason pulled up a couple crude chairs and offered one to Aodh. They both sat down. He also handed over a couple dozen strips of parchment and a small, sharp knife. "Here you go, Tony. While I explain all of this to you, please start preparing each of those strips for Blood Fire."

Aodh was incredibly confused, but he nicked his knuckle and did as he was asked while listening. Jason suddenly held up a finger, telling Aodh to wait, and dashed off to a box before returning. He was carrying a bronze cylinder with closed ends, and Aodh couldn't see a seam anywhere on it. It looked kind of like a giant pill made of metal.

Jason set the cylinder down and began explaining, "As you probably know, gunpowder is dangerous on Ludus."

"Yes, I heard back on Earth it's not, though. At least not like here."

"Correct. The effects can be dangerous on our home world, but the substance itself is fairly stable while stored unless introduced to heat. However, on Ludus, gunpowder randomly ignites. Creating it, storing it, and using it as anything more than a curiosity is so dangerous here that most places outlaw it entirely, and even criminals usually don't weaponize it."

Aodh nodded. All of this was familiar to him.

"When Henry and I first got to Mirana, we were captured by organized criminals. We still don't really know who they were."

Aodh's eyes widened. This sounded similar to a story he'd heard earlier.

"Anyway, we barely escaped because the building exploded and caught on fire. We found out later it was because the group that captured us was making gunpowder. We can only guess what they were planning to do with it. I'm not sure what they were doing to prevent it from exploding, but it was working. They must have had a lot stocked up when something happened to set it all off.

"When Henry and I heard about this, we were curious. Most people on Ludus assume gunpowder itself is dangerous since it will usually burn or explode within a few days of being made even if it's capped off or sealed in something. However, we've noticed that physics on Ludus are the same as on Earth, and chemicals behave the same way too.

"We hypothesized it wasn't the gunpowder that was different but Ludus itself. And the thing that makes Ludus most different is the Dhu. Henry had a theory that fire Dhu or air Dhu or some other Dhu were setting off the gunpowder.

"We began testing with small amounts of gunpowder we bought through our contacts and stored it different ways. It turns out that Henry was right. If we store gunpowder in a vacuum or in a way that no air reaches it from outside the powder won't ignite. If left on an open plate or in a container where air can touch it in any way, it can go off. In fact, we stored some in two containers, one container inside an airtight container. When the airtight container was opened, the second container almost immediately ignited.

"We don't know which Dhu are causing this or how it's happening. Henry can sense enough to work on the vehicle behind us, but he's stumped with gunpowder. The good news is that we figured out a way to weaponize it safely."

Aodh was starting to get a bad feeling about where the conversation was going.

Jason held up the thick tube in his hand and turned it on its side. Then he produced a knife, and after the edge seemed to shimmer, he cut through the tube lengthwise like it wasn't even there. Aodh's jaw dropped. He doubted Jason understood how unnerving that casual display of power was. He'd never heard of anyone doing anything even remotely like it with magic. He couldn't even tell what kind of magic Jason had used.

Jason held up one side of the pipe, showing Aodh the internals. "This is what we came up with. You can see how there is a central chamber that gets filled with gunpowder. Then there are chambers with nothing in them, vacuum between the wall of the inner chamber, and the thick outer wall of the rest of the bomb. Do you know what 'vacuum' means?"

Aodh shook his head. Most of the conversation was going over his head.

"Vacuum means nothing is there, not even air. We pump it out, and then Henry fixes the wall of the bronze. This is just to make the bomb even safer, less likely to randomly explode. These things are actually really easy for him to make since he can mold them with magic. We've been testing this design for a while now. We made three full prototypes with powder inside and put them out at the edge of the Jaguar Clan land. They've been stable for almost two weeks now, and at three weeks, I think we'll have proof the design works.

"Anyway, we obviously can't use a fuse or anything like that for ignition, or air could get to the gunpowder and we'd probably just kill ourselves. What we needed was a trigger we could put in the inner chamber itself, one that was sealed.

"If we were still on earth, this would be easy to do using a detonator with a radio signal or something like that. However, we can't use electricity, and Henry doesn't have time to come up with something using magic tech. Plus, if we used magic tech, we'd be blowing up magic stones, and that would be expensive.

"We didn't know what to do until we did some research and Uluula found out about Blood Fire. That's where you come in!"

Aodh still didn't really understand what Jason was talking about. "Excuse me, Mr. Jason, what exactly does all of this mean?"

Jason's eyes lit up, his excitement obvious. "We are going to put the strips of parchment you marked for Blood Fire inside of bombs like this one so you can ignite them at will. You are going to be our demolitions man. Your job will be to blow things up!"

* * *

Jason had taken a strong liking to their newest member, Aodh. Jason had no problem pronouncing "Aodh," but he knew it'd probably be easier for most other members of Delvers to use "Tony," the nickname Henry had given him. He had to restrain a chuckle when he saw the young man's confused expression turn to alarm.

Even though he'd been warned of Aodh's Fideli-like appearance, it was still all Jason could do not to openly study the boy. He thought it was fascinating but probably tragic for Aodh that he wasn't even half Fideli by blood but still had so many Fideli physical traits.

For one, the boys' dark blue eyes had such tightly constricted pupils they were just dots. Jason knew his eyes would glow in the dark too, like a cat's. Once in a while, when Aodh wasn't paying attention, his second membrane would nictate over his eyes too. It was a bit unsettling to Jason, who'd never see anything like it before. The kid's ears were pointed, almost like an Areva person's, and small, sharp canines flashed when he spoke. They weren't quite fangs, but Jason wouldn't have wanted to be bitten by someone with Fideli teeth.

Aodh's white forelock in his dark hair and his pale skin were also common Fideli traits. Jason thought it was amazing how none of these physical differences by themselves would have been that noteworthy, but all together they made Aodh significantly stand out. Jason had gotten a note from George a couple days earlier letting him know the boy was very sensitive about his Fideli appearance.

Aodh had been ostracized when he was younger and was still something of an outcast amongst his peers in the farming community. In the note, George had told Jason to thank Henry for not reacting to the physical differences at all when he'd met Aodh. George wanted to thank him, but Jason knew that was just how Henry was. His friend sort of mistrusted everyone equally and didn't really care much about physical differences.

It was one of Henry's personality traits that Jason found most admirable even though Henry saw himself as huge jerk. Truth be told, Henry could be abrasive and act uncaring, but Jason knew he had an all but unshakable core of fairness and decency. Jason had personally witnessed Henry help people in public that others wouldn't have even looked at. He was a complicated person.

Before Aodh had gotten to the Delvers Garage, Jason and Henry had made sure nobody would react to his appearance in a way that would hurt his feelings. Jason, and to some extent Henry, both identified with the boy, and they wanted to give him an opportunity they'd never had.

Tony would be able to build self-confidence through the absolute best way possible: blowing stuff up.





Battlewagon

Aodh stood at the rear of the Delvers, LLC Battlewagon. It had been officially christened "Battlewagon" the previous day when Uluula and Mareen admitted they liked the name and Jason got overruled.

Aodh wasn't sure if he was more excited or nervous. He watched the countryside pass by as the Battlewagon soundlessly traveled down the hard-packed trade road. He had to admit the vehicle itself was amazing. Henry had figured out a way to use his earth magic to program the vehicle how to behave when it was powered.

Delvers, LLC didn't have many magic stones left, but the Battlewagon consumed power efficiently. Henry told the group they had barely enough magic stones to get to Yanbei Cavern and back. Hopefully they'd be successful in the dungeon and fuel would no longer be a problem on the return trip.

Aodh didn't understand much of it, but he did grasp that the Battlewagon worked with gold. When he was designing it, Henry had decided that since there was so much gold on Ludus and so much of it existed deep in the earth, the Battlewagon would function on gold "runners." The way Henry spoke of building it, it sounded more like training something how to behave than anything else. The best Aodh could understand, the gold bottom of the Battlewagon pushed on the gold in the ground, and this force kept the vehicle hovering about two feet above the terrain.

To turn, the Battlewagon had runners on the underside that pushed different directions and were operated with levers in the driver's compartment. Simple turns weren't too difficult but complicated maneuvers seemed really tricky to do. Aodh was just glad the vehicle worked, and he was impressed it moved so fast. They were traveling at about the speed of a galloping zebra, and the ride was fairly smooth.

Jason was driving, and Henry manned the "turret," the round object on top of the Battlewagon with two tubes. Aodh had gotten a demonstration of Henry's "rifle" a few days before while Henry himself made adjustments to its aiming device.

It was obvious that the tubes on the turret were larger versions of Henry's lethal tube weapons. The whole vehicle was covered in bronze plating for protection too. It was impressive.

As the trees, hanging vines, and large mushrooms at the edge of the trade road flashed by, Aodh avoided thinking of other things, namely all the dangerous objects and people only an arm's length away. He also definitely didn't dwell on the bronze cylinders hanging from his baldric. "Grenades," Henry called them.

Aodh could feel a Blood Marker in every tube hanging off his body. He could also feel a connection to every other larger device stored at the front of the vehicle. In fact, Rark-han was sitting on a crate with some of the nastier weapons packed inside. Aodh shuddered. He liked being valuable to such a powerful adventuring company, but he still wasn't comfortable with the sheer power of what he could unleash using Delvers, LLC inventions. The fact he could detonate all the bombs on the Battlewagon any time he chose made him feel a little queasy.

He gripped his heavy, wooden staff, breathing slowly and evenly. Henry told him he'd eventually get used to the responsibility, and Aodh believed him. He also knew the bombs' design had been tested now for over three weeks without fail, an unprecedented feat for dealing with gunpowder on Ludus.

Before they'd left Mirana, he asked Jason why they weren't testing the bombs even longer, and the answer was simple. Jason had merely replied, "We're out of money. We had to borrow quite a bit from the Jaguar Clan too.

"If we could, we'd spend another year on R&D and make the team even stronger, but we have several time limits. At this point, any action we take will be dangerous, so we had to try choosing the most rational course of action based on effort versus reward and just hope for the best."

Jason's reasoning made sense to Aodh, but he still took cold comfort that if all the bombs exploded, at least everyone would die with him.

The Battlewagon made excellent time. After a while, Aodh began to get bored. He also felt embarrassed by all the stares they were getting from other travelers on the road. Henry was drumming metal fingers on the side of his turret and making music noises while Jason sang a song called "Bad Moon Rising" in English. Keeja was sleeping on top of their packs, or at least pretending to. She gave herself away by mouthing the words to the song.

Most of team was used to Henry randomly starting a drum beat and instigating Jason to sing songs none of them had heard before. Henry had started it a week ago with "Eye of the Tiger." Luckily, Jason had a pretty good singing voice, and Henry kept his mouth shut, so Aodh didn't mind. Some of the songs were pretty catchy too, like "We Will Rock You." Jason and Henry taught him how to stomp and clap to that one, so he looked forward to participating when it came up.

Mareen and Uluula were softly talking, probably practicing their English. Aodh got lucky on that account. The whole team was learning English so they all could communicate in a language other than Luda. Bezzi-ibbi in particular picked it up really fast. The boy was sitting across from Aodh in the back of the Battlewagon with Rark-han next to him. The wolf man shadowed Bezzi-ibbi everywhere he went.

Bezzi-ibbi's eyes met his, and Aodh swallowed. Despite the other boy actually being younger, Aodh felt immature and awkward around him. Aodh was just a farm boy, but Bezzi-ibbi was a merchant prince, a Mo'hali Clan heir who'd received a Hero ring directly from Dolos himself and was either crazy enough or brave enough to actually use it.

Suddenly, Bezzi-ibbi asked in English, "Do you not like me?" Aodh was amazed at Bezzi-ibbi's talent for languages. The boy was almost completely fluent in English in less than a month's study, and Bezzi-ibbi knew at least five other languages as well.

Aodh was flustered and held out his hands. "No, I don't dislike you!" He suddenly realized that he'd barely spoken to the Mo'hali boy the entire time he'd been an adventurer. The whole thing was obviously a misunderstanding. "I just didn't think you'd want to talk to me! I mean, you're an heir and a Hero. I'm just a shepherd!"

Bezzi-ibbi cocked his head to the side and nodded slowly. He said in English, "I find this odd. We both appear as things we do not have hearts for. You looked like a shepherd, but you have the heart of an adventurer. I looked like a Clan heir, but I have the heart of a warrior poet. The difference between us is you actually are an adventurer now while I only managed to change my arm and meet more people who see me as an heir.

"This talk is not to complain." Bezzi-ibbi paused for a moment before continuing, "The purpose of my words is not for pity. It would be a great insult to people who would kill for my birthright and advantages. However, I would like one day to achieve what you have, for people to see me for my dream instead of my birth."

Aodh swallowed. He'd never thought about it that way. He would have never imagined a Mo'hali merchant Clan heir could envy him for anything. He shook his head. "Why do Henry and Jason tell people about your Family connection, then?"

Bezzi-ibbi smiled ruefully. "Well, part is they are idiots. But also, they see my rank, even my whole Family, as almost..." He struggled for a few moments to find the words before finally saying, "Like clothing. It's not real to them. It's something they know I have but not what I am. I felt pieces of this when I met them. They are interesting. I wish to be a warrior poet, and they will help me find my dream."

Aodh nodded slowly. It was true that Henry and Jason were idiots, but he understood what Bezzi-ibbi was saying. Something about them made him want to believe in them. The fact they could create ridiculous things like the Battlewagon and even irresponsibly strap bombs to his belt made him want to see what they'd do next. He felt a new sense of kinship with Bezzi-ibbi and was about to say so when suddenly he heard howls.

The piercing, otherworldly cries sounded like nothing Aodh had ever heard. He was instantly alarmed and glanced around to see the rest of the team's reaction. What he observed was confusing and didn't help his growing anxiety.

He couldn't see Jason in the driver seat, but the Battlewagon started to slow down. Henry looked excited and was doing something with the cannons attached to his turret. Keeja was still pretending to sleep and not doing a very good job of it. Uluula and Mareen both grabbed weapons and looked scared but excited. Rark-han was trembling; he was obviously terrified. Bezzi-ibbi, on the other hand, was calm and didn't do anything other than take his fancy coat off and flex his metal arm.

Aodh didn't know what to do. He didn't know what was happening, but the howls were affecting his state of mind. "What's going on?" he whispered.

Bezzi-ibbi rolled his eyes and said, "Probably demon wolves. I actually expected something like this. The odds were low we would meet them again, but wherever Henry and Jason go, trouble follows."

"Demon wolves?" Aodh felt sick to his stomach. "What should we do?"

"Get ready for attack and don't be under claw." He tilted his head towards Mareen and Uluula. "They might run over anyone in the way."

"You know we can hear you, right?" Mareen gritted her teeth.

Bezzi-ibbi yawned, showing a mouth full of sharp teeth before responding, "Don't care." He smiled slightly, his feline eyes glittering.

Aodh felt his anxiety level rising. He didn't understand the reactions of the team; he just knew he'd never been in a real fight before or even seen a real monster. The farming communities outside Mirana were well protected, which was one reason why people paid rent to farm there in the first place.

As Aodh stared at the surrounding forest, he silently screamed at Jason to speed up, not slow down! Why are we slowing down? Then he saw his first horned demon wolf.

The creature was terrifying, nearly the size of a pony. It was dark, all muscle under matted fur. Its horn was a sickly yellow, and its eyes glowed red. It howled, flashing enormous canines, and it salivated in excitement as the rest of the pack become visible, closing in for the kill.

Aodh's fear reached a fever pitch, and he almost involuntarily yelped as several things all happened at once. Jason swung the Battlewagon sideways; the vehicle's momentum kept it moving down the road sideways as it slowed. Uluula and Mareen jumped off the Battlewagon and ran at the demon wolves. Henry aimed fired one of his enormous cannons.

The first demon wolf didn't even have a chance to react. It exploded into a cloud of red mist, and Henry whooped, the sound savage and satisfied.

The violence was so one-sided Aodh couldn't even call it a battle. It was a massacre, a bloodbath. The pack of demon wolves was huge, almost twenty of them in all, but they didn't stand a chance. Aodh watched it all play out with sickening fascination. Bezzi-ibbi took occasional glances at the action, but Rark-han's attention was as riveted as Aodh's.

Mareen wound up and swung her hammer with such force the front half of a demon wolf practically disappeared. Another monster tried to bite her leg off. She merely stepped back and backhanded it away from her like it was a puppy.

Uluula was so fast and nimble none of the demon wolves came close to touching her. One of them lunged, its jaws wide. She stepped back and slammed the blade of her spear into its throat, bracing the butt of her weapon on the ground. The demon wolf impaled itself using its own weight with a sickening squelch. Before it could even start thrashing in death, the Areva woman used her entire body to kick the monster's head back before neatly scooping the spear up and extracting it from the creature's carcass in one smooth motion. She twirled the spear before precisely piercing another creature through the eye.

Henry fired the second cannon barrel, and another demon wolf exploded. Both barrels fired. The Terran Bonded stood up and began using his new rifle.

Jason clambered on top of the Battlewagon before disappearing, air rushing to fill the space he'd just occupied. He appeared to the side of one demon wolf near Uluula and neatly cut it in half. It was the first time Aodh saw Jason use his longsword, Breeze, and his skill was obvious. He was like an artist; each strike was so precise, so fluid, even Aodh could tell how deadly they were. Coupled with his magic, Jason cut a swath through the monsters so fast he put the heart crossways in the ones that were still alive.

From the turret, Henry yelled, "Tony, try using a grenade!" The man actually sounded excited! With no time to think, Aodh mechanically yanked a grenade off his belt and threw it in the general direction of the demon wolves, away from most of the team. It was a terrible throw, botched from nervousness, and fell short. However, one of the demon wolves made the mistake of running directly towards the Battlewagon... right over the grenade.

Aodh clenched his fist and activated the Blood Fire scrap in the grenade. There was an instant explosion, and he felt a dull thump in his chest. The demon wolf's head and front legs were pulverized in the explosion. The creature fell to the ground and began to convulse, its jaw only hanging on by a thread. Aodh felt a brief flash of triumph before his gorge rose and he was noisily sick over the side of the Battlewagon.

The entire slaughter was over in less than a minute. Aodh couldn't believe his eyes. An entire pack of demon wolves, almost twenty strong, effortlessly destroyed. Such a large group of monsters could still terrorize entire communities in Tolstey.

Keeja was still pretending to sleep. Bezzi-ibbi and Rark-han hadn't even done anything, although Aodh noticed Bezzi-ibbi's hand was on his metal arm and his body was coiled, ready to spring. After the battle ended, the boy relaxed and shrugged.

Aodh couldn't get his mind around how easily his new adventuring company, Delvers, LLC, had utterly annihilated almost twenty dangerous monsters. Even Uluula had destroyed two or three demon wolves on her own... and each creature had been practically as tall as her at the shoulder.

Aodh didn't know of any other Mirana-based adventuring company that could boast this level of sheer destructive power. In fact, even in his stories of Thato Jacob's era, there weren't many adventuring companies that could have taken down a large pack of horned demon wolves in under a minute.

It was madness! On one hand, Aodh felt overwhelmed that he was working with such a powerful adventuring company, but on the other hand he thought, Delvers, LLC is mental!

* * *

That night, Henry took a watch with Jason to discuss the fight. They sipped some kind of half-assed Ludan tea made with water warmed by the fire. Henry still hadn't found a decent coffee substitute. He grumbled, "I asked Keeja, and she won't say anything about the demon wolves. She literally does not respond and pretends she doesn't hear my questions."

Jason shrugged. "She probably can't say anything about what Dolos does or doesn't do. I think it's rather obvious it was a test, though."

"Yeah, no shit. Once, okay, that was bad luck. Twice was pushing it. But three demon wolf attacks in under half a year, each pack almost the same size? I think it's fucking obvious we're being tested."

"I'm inclined to agree. The good news is all our hard work paid off. Bezzi-ibbi didn't even leave the Battlewagon. I really hate that name, by the way."

Henry ignored Jason's gripe about the Battlewagon's name. His friend would just have to learn to live with it like he had for all the stupid monster names on Ludus. "Bezzi-ibbi is probably smarter than the rest of us. If this was a test, we still did too well. It means if we get tested again, we are gonna have a lot more shit thrown at us."

Jason considered for a moment, eventually replying, "You're probably right. Damn."

"Well, we're alive, and nobody is hurt. We can't complain. Plus, this dungeon we're hitting isn't very far away from Mirana, but it's in a dangerous area. I like that we can blow the hell out of any nasty critters popping up out of nowhere."

"I guess that's true. It's also nice to know that our gunpowder inventions work."

"Yeah, I was a little worried about it, but I'm really glad." Henry nodded seriously. "Dude, our nasty little surprises are gonna make hitting the dungeon, or any dungeon in the future, a lot easier. I think Tony did really good today."

"Agreed."

Henry thought for a minute before asking, "Who is going to take point lead during the op? We both technically own the company, but we probably need a clear chain of command for missions."

"Yeah, you're right. I think you should take it. We can iron out who does what in the future later."

"Yeah, dude, okay." Henry had been fairly sure of Jason's answer, but he'd wanted to make sure. He respected his friend and didn't want to step on his toes, intentionally or otherwise. "So, how far have you gotten with Uluula?"

"None of your damn business."

"I'd ask if the carpet matches the drapes, but shit, I already know the answer to that myself."

"What the hell is wrong with you? Do you actually take pride in being the biggest cockblock on this whole planet?"

Henry smiled. Now that their serious talk was done, he could spend the rest of their watch killing time. For the next hour, he complained about all the foods he missed. Jason mainly missed cold beer, but Henry missed everything.

If they ever established any kind of normalcy on Ludus, Henry wanted to start researching food options. Maybe he could even find an animal on Ludus that produced decent steaks. Most of the meat he'd had in the last few months was oily and gamey. The tea they drank tasted like ass, and he could have desperately used some black coffee.

They'd only been on Ludus for a few months, but it felt like a lifetime already. Unfortunately, they'd been either vagabonds or pinching pennies the entire time so far, and Henry was really getting tired of eating food that was only a step up from dog chow.

He wasn't looking forward to the guaranteed violence when they hit Yanbei Cavern, but they sorely needed the money. Plus, he felt a little guilty for taking the first spirit stone. If their dungeon raid went well, Jason would get one too.

Henry was starting to think that Ludus might not be all that bad. His mom was healthy and safe back on Earth, he had a beautiful woman he really didn't deserve waiting in his tent, and he had a rifle... sort of. He just needed to fix the goddam coffee situation, and maybe life wouldn't completely suck anymore.

"Priorities," he whispered to himself, "priorities."





Yanbei Cavern Assault

Henry stood in front of Yanbei Cavern, his first dungeon, and didn't feel very impressed. The last couple miles before the group had arrived, they'd seen flashes of movement, presumably some of the residents of the dungeon itself. There were inhuman, four-toed footprints all over outside the dungeon's opening. Well-defined trails dotted the hillside.

He had to admit the door of the dungeon was somewhat imposing. Recessed into a large cave, the stark rock wall had a huge, metal-bound wooden door. A fresh torch burned in a sconce by the entrance.

It'd have been one thing if it was just a common dungeon, but Yanbei Cavern was one of the most dangerous dungeons within a week's travel of Mirana and had a fearsome reputation. Granted, the most skilled adventurers in Mirana usually worked in the southern wilderness near the coast. However, this dungeon hadn't been touched in years due to its reputation and the time it needed to reset.

Henry felt insulted. It was just a door in a cave.

They'd gone through a lot to get here. It wasn't too difficult a journey with the Battlewagon, all the new weapons, and the new team member, but on foot it would have been a nightmare. On the last day especially, it had seemed like a new random monster popped up every couple hours. When a huge, slow, shambling monster had risen out of a puddle, Jason just made the Battlewagon travel faster, and they left it behind. Everyone shrugged and ignored it.

The Battlewagon itself was a godsend. When the team had to leave the trade road and head toward the dungeon, most of the terrain was fairly flat and open, so they'd just continued with the Battlewagon. The way it hovered made it a fantastic off-road vehicle.

Henry stood with his hands on his hips and glared at the door. The fact that he was underwhelmed by the dungeon's appearance actually made him more wary. Uluula and Mareen had done a great job digging up the historical accounts of Yanbei Caverns from adventurers past. However, sometimes adventurers would leave things out of reports to the Adventuring Guild. There was also the possibility that dungeons could change or whatever new monsters moved in would make defense improvements.

Henry very carefully examined the doorway from a safe distance. He used his sense enhancements to try finding anything out of place. Eventually, when he increased his sense of smell, he got a very slight whiff of something acrid. Then he looked carefully at the torch and saw the sconce actually had a pivot.

Very clever...

The rest of the team was still gearing up and preparing tools for the mission. Henry called over his shoulder, "Nobody come near the entrance for now!" Everyone nodded at him, so Henry unslung his rifle and grabbed a stick. He anchored one end of the stick in the ground and used it to steady his weapon while he carefully aimed. Finally, he held his breath and flexed his magic.

Since Henry's rifle had no trigger, his projectiles had little to no recoil, and his barrel was rifled, it could be incredibly accurate. His shot was low power, it didn't even break the sound barrier, but the hardened golden slug easily smashed through the torch's sconce. The torch fell and instantly ignited the flammable substance on the ground. The fire began running out of the cave, following where the flammable substance, probably pitch, was mixed with the soil.

Henry grunted and slammed his fist down. He'd first learned how to use this sort of power months ago when he was upset, but he'd refined it since then. The ground undulated before him and exploded, creating a shallow line of destruction and thrown earth about twenty-feet wide. The advancing flames stopped once they hit the improvised ditch.

When he turned around, he noticed the rest of the team was staring at him. Jason just shook his head and went back to getting things out of his pack. Everyone else got back to what they were doing too except for Mareen. She walked over and put her hand on Henry's shoulder. "My heart, beloved, next time you decide to do something dangerous on your own that could affect the rest of us, do you think you could at least tell someone?" She smiled sweetly, but her eyes glittered.

Henry was simple in many ways. He knew he didn't always pick up social cues very well. However, as Mareen gently laid a hand on his shoulder and smiled, he felt a distinct sense of danger. She still wasn't angry at him, though. Yet.

He didn't think he'd really done anything wrong; something had to be done, so he did it. Life and experience made him pause, though. He was willing to accept that Mareen was smarter than he was. Plus, although she was younger than him, she had an excellent head on her shoulders, and he respected her practical side too. She'd more or less grown up in a monster-infested world where humans were low on the food chain. If she was upset enough to actually confront him in front of others, he'd have been stupid not to listen.

"Okay, no problem," he grumbled. When her eyes sparkled and she gave him a quick kiss on the cheek before heading back, he knew he'd made the right choice. Women, he thought and shook his head. But when he turned back to watch the flames, he was smiling.

Eventually, the rest of team got done preparing and joined him as the fire died down. Mareen was wearing a thick gambeson, her bronze bracers, and thick, wooden lamellar armor. Unlike Thod the bandit, her heavy armor had quick disconnects in case she needed to slip out of it.

Jason was wearing his light armor, the same as Henry was. The configuration had served them well so far, so they stuck with it. Bezzi-ibbi, Rark-han, and Tony all wore boiled-leather armor. Tony just wore a breastplate since he wasn't used to wearing armor yet. Uluula wore a light jack, the sleeveless armor constructed of thin bronze plates sewn between the canvas cloth.

Everyone had their weapons ready to go. Mareen also had her magic flashlight she'd gotten from the Adventuring Guild strapped to her leg. They were as prepared as they'd ever be. Henry approved; it was time to get down to business.

He turned to face them all and donned the mantle of authority. "Okay, everyone, now's the time to talk about the op one last time. While those flames are still burning, we probably won't be attacked, but keep your eyes peeled anyway.

"You all know your roles. Mareen, you are point with me, but stay behind me. Your job is to protect everyone else and throw the big bombs for Tony. Jason, you are my tactical strike man. You can stay in the rear until I need you. Don't go charging in, or we might have a friendly fire situation. Tony, you are the triggerman. Don't set anything off unless you're absolutely sure about the orders given.

"Uluula, you're next. Your job is to spot things I miss. You're second in command for this operation in case I am busy or out. Bezzi-ibbi, you have the rear. Keep your eyes peeled.

"Keeja, as usual, will do whatever the hell she wants to do. I have no idea if she's even going in there with us."

"Haven't decided yet." Keeja was floating about twenty feet off the ground, pretending she was lying on her back. Most of the group was ignoring her. Henry very carefully did not look at her body. He found Keeja attractive, kind of like someone might enjoy watching an exploding volcano, but he didn't want her to get any ideas.

She'd just pester him more. He shuddered.

"Okay, everyone, let's get ready. Mareen, help Tony place a couple claymores back here that cover the opening of the cave. Jason, move the Battlewagon back so I have a clear shot from the turret. Keep in mind that no battle plan survives execution. Let's get to it!"

The Battlewagon and the rest of Delvers, LLC situated themselves about one hundred fifty yards back from the cave. Their formation moved to the side so Henry could have clear shots at the door. Eventually, even Keeja eventually shrugged and soundlessly moved to hover above their formation. Henry rolled his eyes. She was probably just trying to get a better view.

By the time the flames died down, everyone was set. They were using Uluula's plan. She'd made a great case for minimizing their use of resources and casualties with this strategy. They would draw the enemy out and cut them down before even entering the dungeon.

At first, Henry had felt a little bad for how thoroughly Delvers, LLC was going to fuck up the entrance to the dungeon. Then he'd seen the fire trap. The torch with the pitch was as sneaky as it was lethal and would have been very nasty. A less-frosty adventuring company probably would have already been wiped out. After that, he didn't feel nearly as bad.

Henry got into his turret and carefully aimed his cannons at the doorway. He had a feeling something was on the other side and they were about to have a bad day--a really, really bad day.

* * *

Smartstrong Gulzug mar'Tartooth, the battle group leader of the Dark Cave Holy Site, asked his lead warrior, "What do you see?"

The male warrior he was speaking to, Leaderlisten, was in front of the massive door, their first defense for the Dark Cave Holy Site. The warrior was peering through a tiny hole bored through the door. "I still cannot see anything. There is too much smoke."

Smartstrong grunted and move back among his troops, checking gear, offering words of encouragement, and cuffing warriors for bravery. The creatures, the races on this world, called his kind "warthog-toothed, thick-hide man-demons". It was a stupid name, and Smartstrong didn't like being called a demon. He was one of the Plains People! Proud and true! It was true he had tusks, but they were very handsome and decorated with scrimshaw.

He also had thick skin... but the name was insulting!

When the Great God Dolos had appeared in the Plains People village on Gaglgth and explained he was an emissary of Tartooth, Smartstrong was honored to be chosen as the leader of the defense group. He'd thought it was strange that Dolos didn't allow them to take any females, but Dolos said the mission shouldn't take too long. He'd also muttered something about breeding and rabbits that Smartstrong didn't understand.

It was also strange that Dolos had instructed them not to bring anything other than traditional melee weapons and basic supplies.

Great God Dolos told them that the locked room at the bottom of the holy site had treasures of Tartooth they needed to defend. Smartstrong was dedicated to defending anything of Tartooth's, and his warriors were equally serious. They would kill anyone and anything that tried to enter the Dark Cave Holy Site!

Smartstrong knew he could be clever. When all the People's iron weapons and gear had rotted in the Dark Cave Holy Site, he'd ordered his warriors to kill nearby races with rocks and clubs, take their gear, and copy it. They were able to make stone and crude metal weapons. The best weapons taken from tool-using creatures were kept by the People's leaders, like Smartstrong.

He'd also come up with the torch trap outside the Dark Cave Holy Site's door. It had already killed two groups of heretics, would-be robbers trying to break in. The trap kept his warriors safe. They had to protect the god Tartooth's holy site!

But Smartstrong wasn't a demon. He knew this fact, but some of the other warriors were worried about the name. To cleanse any taint, they'd captured a few local creatures, local races of this place, and sacrificed them to Tartooth.

It had made sense to do so, but Smartstrong didn't think it was totally necessary. He didn't let them keep the captives alive too long or let any warriors eat captives alive either. That old practice was too barbaric. Enemies didn't have to be alive to be eaten, and they tasted better after being cooked too.

Smartstrong kept moving among his men, offering encouragement and checking readiness. Suddenly, the massive door exploded; thick splinters of wood and solid chunks of gold whizzed through the air, shredding his warriors.

The violence of the door bursting inward and flying apart made the world turn upside down for a moment. Smartstrong was at the rear of his troops, so he escaped unscathed. It took him a moment to realize what was going on, and when his mind started working again, he felt like he'd hit his head on something. His ears were ringing.

Smartstrong had no idea how the attack had happened. The door was half a hand thick and bound with copper. The way it had exploded reeked of magic, though. He snarled, Mages. Great God Dolos had told him about the people-creature mages. They were the most evil of the heretics!

That was fine--he had his own mages. Their piety to Tartooth kept them pure; their desire to kill enemies of Tartooth made them strong.

"Attack!" he bellowed. "And get the Herghh-damned mages up here!"

The robbers they were facing this time were far more cunning, more powerful, than before. However, the Plains People would protect the god Tartooth's treasures or die trying!

* * *

Henry nodded in satisfaction. The grapeshot round had nailed the door dead center, ripping it apart and scattering pieces everywhere. He hadn't used much magic for the shot, electing to hit the door at low velocity for maximum projectile spread. A high velocity shot might have just punched a neat hole instead of taking out the whole doorway.

Through the opening, despite the residual smoke, he could see some movement. He waited about thirty seconds, long enough for someone or something to get up and think about charging out the door again.

He paused for a moment before releasing another surge of magic power, firing the second barrel. This round contained twice the grapeshot as the first one. The projectile itself was a big cup made of petals that would open once it exited the barrel, spreading the golden balls held within. Despite its doubled mass, Henry used enough power to quadruple the velocity.

Despite their increased density and hardness, some of the gold balls actually began to melt and deform in the air. The whip-crack of the sonic boom made the cave rumble. Henry immediately began reloading both barrels of his cannons and shook his head. "Someone is definitely having a bad day now," he mumbled to himself.

* * *

Smartstrong stared in horror and felt his skin crawl. He was in a side hallway and had just witnessed the remaining warriors in the entry perishing in the time it took to blink. Their thick hide armor and tough skin had offered no protection at all. The dead warriors were torn apart and perforated with multiple holes blasted through them. Some of them even had burn marks with what looked like molten gold splattered on their armor! This had to be the work of an enemy god!

Smartstrong lifted his bronze sword high and bellowed, "Everyone attack! Do not fear their hell-cursed weapons again! For Tartooth!"

Around him, the remaining Plains People ran past, screaming. He felt his heart lift in pride. These were fine warriors. They would surely triumph and sell their lives dearly. They would kill many other enemy warriors or even bloody the side of an enemy god!

Smartstrong's eyes widened in battle fever, and he sprinted after his warriors. They would taste blood this day!

* * *

Henry almost had both barrels loaded again when the first enemy warriors came screaming out of the broken entryway. Yup, definitely look like orks to me. He refused to call them thick-skinned, tusked humanoid demons or whatever. He'd have bet all the money he had they didn't call themselves that.

Nearby, he heard Uluula hiss. On the way to the dungeon, he'd picked up that UIuula had some sort of history with orks. This was one reason he was placing her further back in the formation when they actually entered Yanbei Cavern. He needed Uluula thinking clearly.

Henry let his mind slide into the cold place he went during combat. He was waiting for more orks to run out of the dungeon before triggering his first reloaded barrel. The shot wasn't as effective now that the orks weren't all huddled together inside of a door, but he still blasted at least five from the face of Ludus.

"Aren't there more of these things than we were expecting?" he yelled back at Jason.

"A lot more."

"Do you think it was...?"

"Probably," Jason's voice was grim.

Dolos. Henry felt a tendril of anger leak past his icy calm and ruthlessly suppressed it. Right now, things were trying to kill him, ten times more things than they'd expected, in fact. He'd work on surviving first and worry about the implications later.

If Delvers had been a normal adventuring company, they would have already been torn to shreds. The past number of demons in this dungeon would have given most strong adventuring companies a difficult, drawn-out struggle. Instead, Henry guessed there were still two hundred orks pouring out of the dungeon.

Henry aimed his second barrel at an ork in a robe making weird gestures. Probably a mage. He triggered the cannon with a surge of power and tore the robed ork to bloody chunks, as well as a few warriors behind it too. Nice shot, he congratulated himself.

However, he noticed the air distort further back in the cave and could barely make out another robed ork with his arms spread. This ork had white designs painted on his pebbly greenish-brown skin. The painted ork blocked a projectile with a force field of some kind and was even moving the smoke around, using it as concealment. Definitely a mage, Henry thought.

The main force of the bloodthirsty orks was getting closer. Henry hollered, "Tony, trigger claymore one!"

"Claymore one!" Aodh yelled back.

Suddenly, the nearest claymore exploded. The weapon looked like a shallow C about two feet tall, made from bronze. The rear of the thick device was a tall, thin gunpowder bomb backed by a thick wall of bronze. The front of the weapon was a thin wall of tin over gold balls and coin-shaped bronze disks all packed tightly, waiting to be violently accelerated by the force of the explosives.

It was placed about five yards outside the cave and angled towards the opening so the hot shrapnel hurled forward from the claymore's detonation completely shredded the first rank of orks. They went down in a bloody, torn mess of mangled bodies. The orks in the rear had to keep moving forward due to momentum and trod over the bodies of their fallen comrades.

After the lull from the claymore detonating, the ork mage from deep within the cave gusted out, moving faster than should have been possible, his feet not even touching the ground. Another ork mage burst out the other side of the cave, his hands glowing and trailing white-hot flame.

The ork fire mage brought his hands together, and an enormous fireball screamed over the battlefield at Henry. Well, shit. I guess turnabout is fair play. Henry knew he wouldn't have time to jump out of the turret to dodge. Converting his skin to armor wouldn't help much against heat either.

He did the only thing he could think of--he dropped down into his turret and covered his head, hoping for the best.





Blades of Air

Jason watched the entire battle play out with his perception of time slowed down. There wasn't much for him to do while Henry and Aodh were demolishing the stream of orks, so he just kept careful watch in case he might be needed.

That moment came when the ork mage launched a fireball at Henry. Jason teleported into the path of the fiery energy and created the largest null-time shield he could manage. The fireball stopped, completely blocked, but some heat still leaked around the edges of the shield. It wasn't very comfortable, but Jason could endure it, which was good since he couldn't move too far away. He still needed to be close to a null-time shield in order to create or maintain it.

After a couple seconds, the fireball dissipated, and Jason teleported upwards. He called down, "Henry, I stopped the fireball! Get your ass up and start shooting again! I'm gonna try taking out the mages!"

Henry's head popped up, and he nodded, immediately laying down fire with his rifle. As soon as his momentum in the air stopped, Jason teleported behind the ork fire mage and swept Breeze in a simple but effective Zornhau followed up with a quick, rising strike. The ork mage didn't know what had hit him. Even without a null-time blade, Jason's cuts were powerful and precise. The hapless ork crumpled to the ground.

With a longsword in his hands, Jason felt much more confident. It probably wasn't the best weapon for his magic style, but he'd studied the longsword for over four years and Breeze fit him like a glove. The results showed.

He teleported near an ork preparing to throw an atlatl dart, but he stumbled, his foot landing in a hole. His stab to the ork's back went wide. Quick as a snake, the ork pulled a dagger and attacked, lunging powerfully. Jason responded by flashing an elegant Krumphau, his response taking the ork's arm off at the wrist and his return strike biting deep beneath the ork's ribs. As the ork stumbled back in shock, Jason danced away, teleporting again. He killed several more orks on his way to the remaining mage, trusting Henry to carefully aim shots and adjust his fire. He and Henry had a system. While Henry was shooting, Jason wouldn't teleport long distances or change directions too fast.

This way, as long as Henry was paying close attention, he wouldn't shoot his friend. The system was working so far, but it probably wouldn't have been viable if the two hadn't known each other for so long and practiced fencing together.

After making a few short, deadly hops, Jason was near the last mage and realized the robed ork was riding on masses of thick, swirling air. The currents kicked up the hem of the ork's dark robes, the garment decorated with ornate white needlework. The robes were large and baggy, hiding his appearance and what he might have been carrying, but Jason could catch flashes of his skin.

Like the rest of the orks, the mage had light blue skin that was mottle brown. The orks' hair, or what they had in place of hair, was thick and dark. Jason thought they looked like lizard people crossed with Neanderthals with blue skin and brown vitiligo.

The mage's nails were thick and dark, his hands large and powerful. Jason was sure that under the mage's hood, his face was probably similar to those of the rest of the orks with small dark eyes; a wide, lipless mouth; slitted nostrils; and small mounds in place of ears.

Jason caught a glimpse of the mage's jewel-studded tusks. Fancy. He tried sneaking up on the mage, but his target kept moving around, probably trying to decide what to do about the Battlewagon in the distance. When Jason was less than ten feet behind him, the wary ork drew a sword.

Jason ran forward, but the ork mage scooted to the side on cushions of air and used magic to throw something. Jason teleported straight up and threw a couple knives, teleporting them behind the ork, but the wily mage kicked up a rotating shield of air that slapped the blades aside.

This guy is good. In freefall, before he teleported again, Jason realized that the ork was throwing wide, thin blades of air. Jason had to keep teleporting to avoid them. He couldn't block magic attacks with his sword, and while he was fast enough to block with null-time shields, using that ability took a lot out of him. It was actually faster and conserved his magic more just to teleport.

Jason tried throwing a few more knives, but every time the ork lost sight of him or saw Jason throw anything, he brought up the air shield again.

Jason found his way to the ground, and the ork narrowed his eyes as they regarded each other. They were both some distance from the bulk of the fighting now, and Jason was panting from exertion. This was Jason's first real duel to the death with magic on Ludus. He really wished the enemy mage would stop throwing things at him so he could focus enough for a null-time blade.

Jason felt his mind slipping into the red place, his killing world, and he let it happen. His eyes and jaw hardened; his teeth clenched. He moved his sword back in a tail guard stance.

This mage was possibly even more dangerous than Thod had been. Since the ork had no Dolos orb, Jason had no idea what level of power he was at, but the air mage hadn't seemed too threatened by Jason so far.

Jason's resolve hardened as he realized how important this duel was. If he lost, the ork mage could probably tear through the rest of the Delvers. His air shield could stop Henry's projectiles, and he could just throw blades of air from a distance until they were all cut to ribbons.

Jason settled his sights on his enemy. He trusted Henry to cover his back. It was time to kill.

Without warning, he blinked forward, sweeping his blade in a nasty horizontal strike, but the ork mage darted back, barely deflecting the blade with his own sword. As he strafed using air, the enemy mage tossed a couple wind blades for good measure. Jason barely teleported to the side in time, throwing a bronze knife to try catching the ork off guard, but the wind shield popped up again. That damn wind shield! Without it there'd be no problem, but he's just kiting me!

The ork growled something Jason couldn't understand, and his sword began emitting sparks. An enchanted weapon, damn. Jason was hoping the ork's softer, bronze sword would eventually bend or break, but since it was enchanted, that probably wasn't going to happen.

Jason teleported twice, once to the ork's rear and once to the side to try taking his enemy unaware, but the ork was smart. He was able to stay one step ahead of Jason and jump over ten feet up using the air beneath his feet. Even with teleportation, Jason didn't have much of an advantage.

He alighted on the ground, thinking furiously as he and the ork stared at each other again. Jason's face was set in a snarl, his sword in Vom Tag, the blade pointing at the sky. The ork looked calm, his snapping, spitting blade held at the ready, his other hand prepared to throw more wind blades.

Jason warily watched the ork's hand in particular. All it took was an obscure gesture and a flick forward for another wind blade to appear. The ork's magic was surprisingly versatile.

Jason knew his swordsmanship was better than his opponent's, but he hadn't crossed swords with the ork since the enchanted blade had started throwing sparks. He had a feeling the electricity wasn't going to be pleasant if their swords touched again. Jason gritted his teeth and closed with the ork. He had a plan, but it wasn't going to be fun.

He slashed at the ork, and as before, the robed mage dashed back, his wind magic allowing him to move incredibly quickly. However, this time when he threw a blade of air, Jason merely dodged to the side as if he was out of magic. The wind blade didn't hit him squarely, but it still cut him about an inch deep through his armor from his left pectoral to his elbow. It hurt like hell.

Believing he saw an opening, the ork dashed in with his sword... exactly as Jason had hoped. He let part of the last wind blade hit him on purpose to sell the deception.

To throw another wind blade, the mage would have needed a second or two to gesture and wind up. That delay would have given Jason time to react, though. Jason had been hoping the ork would see the opening and try to end the fight quickly since they were both using up their magic reserves. The ork's comrades were still getting torn up, and Jason was delaying him from supporting them.

When the ork was close enough, Jason hissed and sprang forward. He clashed blades with the ork, and unfortunately, his assumption about getting shocked was correct. All his muscles tried to lock up, but he could still barely control his actions. He transitioned into a Winden attack, his sword binding and snaking around the ork's blade, ending in a thrust to the throat, Breeze's hilt held high.

The mage lurched back, free hand going for his ruined throat. Jason advanced, slashing from collar bone to belly, and the robed ork fell back in a spray of arterial blood. Then Jason stepped forward one last time, kicking the ork down, and snarled as he stabbed his enemy through the chest, ensuring the mage was eliminated. He glared down at his dead foe and didn't feel any triumph. He was glad to be alive, but as his rage died, he felt a little empty, like coming down off a high.

He turned to regard the main battlefield and was somewhat surprised to see very little movement, just bodies littering the ground. During his fight with the mage, Jason had half registered the sound and pressure of a few explosions from the main fight. As he gazed upon the aftermath of the battle, he noticed the second claymore had been detonated and there were a few more craters where Mareen had thrown some of the big bombs for Aodh to set off, probably instructed to do so by Uluula. There weren't any more orks left alive except for a tiny clump around a huge, impressive-looking warrior in the middle of the battlefield.

As he folded his hands on top of Breeze's pommel, the sword's tip in the ground, Jason panted so hard he almost choked. Even with his extra endurance, the fight had taken a lot out of him. As he stood, trying to get his breathing under control, he decided to stay put until he didn't feel like he might cough up a lung anymore.

* * *

Smartstrong Gulzug mar'Tartooth stood defiant on the lonely battlefield. His last four warriors surrounded him like the brave and true Plains People they were. The ground was wet with the blood of his people, but he didn't see even a single enemy injury.

His warriors were dead. His mages were dead. His scouts were dead; even the atlatl throwers were just meat now. It was a crushing defeat.

They'd failed. The defilers would reach Tartooth's room. Smartstrong had never felt so drained in his life. The strange humanoid in the floating vehicle was pointing large cannons right at the Plains People. "What are you waiting for? End us. We have no more purpose," Smartstrong growled. He had nothing left to live for--none of them did. The most they could hope for was to die with a warrior's pride and hope Tartooth's judgement would not be too terrible.

* * *

Henry stood in the Battlewagon's turret and blinked at the last of the orks. Other than one of them gabbling something angry sounding, they weren't really doing anything, just standing there. It looked like they were just waiting to die. He wondered, Why aren't they surrendering? The orks hadn't dropped their weapons, but they were holding them limply. What do we do if they surrender? The subject had never come up before. Monsters didn't surrender, and bandits got the death penalty, so they didn't either. Henry didn't know what to do.

He noticed Uluula was becoming increasingly agitated as she stood near the Battlewagon. She finally snapped, shouting, "Why aren't you killing them? They're tusked demons. Eradicate them."

"They aren't doing anything. They haven't dropped their weapons yet, and they're just fucking staring at us." Henry shook his head in confusion.

"Fine, if you won't then I will. Tusked demons are a scourge. They must be destroyed." Before anyone could react, Uluula brought her shiny new crossbow up in a snap shot that neatly took one warrior in the throat. As he fell, gurgling and pounding the ground, Uluula ran forward with her spear at the ready. The white-haired Areva woman had murder in her eyes, and she screamed something in a language Henry couldn't understand.

What the hell am I supposed to do? He didn't want to kill the last few orks in cold blood. They were just standing there and seemed to be inviting death. It went against Henry's morality to just gun down enemy soldiers that weren't resisting. He also didn't want to use force against Uluula despite the fact she was acting out of control.

This is not good! He scrambled from his turret, willing the skin of his arms and upper body to turn to steel. Four orks weren't much danger to him anymore, but if he let Jason's girlfriend get killed... He didn't want to think about it.

* * *

Smartstrong's heart wrenched as Proudstubborn fell to the ground in a heap, a crossbow bolt in his throat. The vile Areva woman who had shot him ran forward, a spear in hand. Smartstrong felt his warrior spirit rise. He hated the Areva, hated them more than any other thinking creatures under Tartooth's gaze. But he approved--this Areva knew how to fight, how to give no quarter.

"Meet the Areva one at a time. She offers a warrior's death."

"But she shot Proudstubborn," one of the remaining warriors said.

"We are all dead anyway, about to meet the Soul Wind. We can consider the projectile as a challenge. They could have turned us all to meat already." Smartstrong's voice was firm.

One ork warrior, Fighterfast shrugged and jogged forward a few paces, meeting the Areva with a challenging grunt.

* * *

Uluula hated tusked demons, orks. She hated them with every fiber of her being. They were a blight on the universe. Orks were low-level, animalistic warriors that reproduced more rapidly than quol and killed Areva by the millions on colony worlds every year. They needed to be exterminated.

Most Areva didn't hate orks as much in the sphere nations anymore, because they were so common and a few worlds even had trade with them, but Uluula knew they were barbarians and monstrosities. Her elder sister had died in an ork invasion. Whenever Uluula thought about it, thought about how her sister might have been eaten alive by these beasts, she was filled with rage.

Just seeing the tusked shlarna made her want to stab their arrogant faces over and over again. She screamed, "Perish!" in Quadrant as she leaped to meet the orks. They had to die--every last one of them!

* * *

Jason tried to make sense of what was going on from a distance. When Uluula shot an ork that was just standing there, he did a double take. The Delvers had killed a lot of orks already that day, true, but demons or not, orks were obviously thinking beings with their own language.

An ork stepped out to meet Uluula in a duel. Jason's perception of the situation changed a little--at least Uluula wasn't slaughtering helpless thinking creatures. On the other hand, now his sort-of-kind-of girlfriend was engaging in hand-to-hand duels to the death with hulking orks.

Jason knew Uluula had some sort of hang up about orks from her past and she called them "tusked demons," but she hadn't elaborated further. He grimaced and thought, I should have seen this coming.

He wearily lifted his sword tip out of the dirt and teleported near Uluula. The steely-eyed Areva woman was facing off against the ork, both of them circling each other. The ork she faced was slightly larger than average, about the height of a large man but thicker. His brown-mottled light blue skin was scuffed from the battle, and like most of his comrades, he wore hide armor.

When Jason appeared with a rush of air, Uluula didn't look at him but said, "Jason Booth, I must do this. Please don't interfere."

"Why?"

"I didn't do anything to contribute to this battle. I have no blood on my hands. There is a good chance we killed all the tusked demons, orks, in this dungeon. I may not get another chance for my vengeance, maybe not in my lifetime."

Jason couldn't see her face, but he could hear how she was holding back tears. Not for the first time, Jason was forcibly reminded that this tiny woman he was falling in love with was also one of the fiercest people he'd ever met. He was around her so often he forgot she was a different species, had a different culture. He wasn't really happy with what was happening, he wasn't thrilled that Uluula was picking fights with big blue monsters, but he also knew he didn't have the right to interfere.

It didn't make him feel any better about the situation, though.

"I won't stop you, but you can't keep doing this. We should probably keep these ones alive until after we clear the dungeon. I want to see if we can find out any more about this world."

Keeja floated a bit closer from where she'd been hovering in the air. "Won't work. Orks are stupid, and you don't know their language anyway."

Jason gritted his teeth and ignored Keeja. During the battle, she had just floated in the air. All the orks' atlatl darts that had hit her just bounced off. "We're going to do this my way. Henry, you lead fighting, but this is my decision. You backing me?"

"Hell yeah, dude. Better you than me."

Jason nodded and just watched the duel. If the ork got the upper hand, he was immediately going to kill it, Uluula's feelings be damned.

Part of him was really freaked out by how calmly he was reacting to the whole situation. Another small part of him was glad he wasn't upset. Being constantly surprised and afraid was exhausting.

The ork was obviously an extremely skilled fighter. He fought using a thick hide shield and a stone axe. The weapon was crude, but the ork's techniques were anything but. Watching the duel, something was bothering Jason--something didn't make sense. It kept tickling the back of his mind, but he couldn't isolate the thought.

Uluula was overpowered by the ork, but she was also extremely fast. Her opponent's shield was causing her problems, blocking all her exploratory strikes. The ork was wary, trying to trap Uluula's spear or even grab it with his hand, but she was just barely quick enough to keep her weapon out of his grasp.

Finally, the duel took a turn when Uluula feinted downwards towards the ork's leg and quickly reversed with a thrust to his face, her movements smooth and precise. Her attack was more of a jab, but she stepped into the strike for more power. The spear's blade caught the ork above the eye, effectively blinding half his vision with blood.

The ork roared, and Uluula took advantage of his misfortune to circle towards his blind side. After that, it was only a matter of time until Uluula slipped a strike through the ork's guard, first to the throat and then his ribs. The spear made a squelching sound as she withdrew it, and the ork crashed to the ground.

"Henry? Could you help capture them, please?" Jason called over his shoulder. In a flash, Henry sprang forward to subdue the orks and Jason teleported behind Uluula to hold her. Luckily, when he put his arms around her, she didn't struggle. In fact, she leaned against him and sobbed quietly, hiding her face.

Henry was armored with steel skin and obviously strengthened with earth magic. He easily snatched the weapons from the remaining orks and smacked all of them to the ground. Then he grabbed a fallen bronze sword and fashioned crude manacles out of the metal with magic, attaching them to the orks' wrists. It was strange watching Henry manhandle such large, ferocious enemies, but by this point, Jason had seen weirder on Ludus.

After the orks were subdued, Henry took charge of the group again. Jason stood back and watched his friend navigate within his element.

Henry grabbed several large, heavy boxes from the Battlewagon. When he came back, he barked out orders. "Uluula, you're not fit for duty right now. Stay with the Battlewagon. Mareen, stay with her. Don't let her do anything we'll regret later. Bezzi-ibbi, please stay here and watch them. We'll be back if there are more nasties left in the dungeon or anything we can't deal with.

"Jason, you're with me after Mareen heals you up enough to stop bleeding. I'm kind of surprised you aren't complaining about that nasty cut on your chest. Aodh, you're coming with us. Both of you grab as many trap balls as you can carry and follow me."

Jason shrugged and went to see Mareen. She was able to use a combination of magic and bandages to make sure he wasn't going to spring a leak again. Then he grabbed a pack and a few torches before following Henry. He was honestly glad that UIuula was safe on the Battlewagon. Even if there were no more orks left inside, dungeons were still dangerous, particularly this one.

He was getting an uncomfortable feeling in the pit of his stomach, a feeling like something unpleasant was about to happen.

What could have been worse than fighting orks all day and almost dying in a duel with a skilled mage? Jason laughed at the thought as he passed the shattered threshold of Yanbei Cavern.





Overcoming Barriers

Aodh followed Henry and Jason into Yanbei Cavern, more terrified than he'd ever been before in his life. The battle with the demon wolves had been crazy. The battle with the orks probably should have been the most frightening thing he'd ever experienced. However, something about walking into the entrance to Yanbei Cavern turned his blood to ice water.

Luckily, he was also very excited.

Henry and Jason both wore packs and carried sacks full of gear. Aodh carried a smaller sack that clinked when he moved. It was heavy, full of bronze orbs, but Aodh could manage. He wasn't as strong as others in Delvers, LLC, but he wasn't weak either. He was a grown man, sixteen years old, and had worked on a farm his whole life.

He could keep up. He would prove himself.

Aodh tried not to breathe in deeply or look too closely at the carnage as they stepped over the corpses littering the floor. If they came near an ork that was clinging to life or still in pain, not quite passed on yet, Henry administered a quick mercy killing. The whole situation was grim. Aodh just swallowed a lot and tried to keep his gorge under control.

Eventually, thankfully, they were past the remains of the torn-up orks. Aodh had studied the map of Yanbei Cavern in Mirana and knew the dungeon was relatively simple. There were a few hallways and room near the entrance that they had already passed, a tunnel leading down to the monster barracks, and three trap rooms past that prior to the treasure room.

Just to be safe, Henry was kneeling down to use his magic earth sense, checking for traps every twenty yards or so. So far they hadn't found any. From Aodh's perspective, there shouldn't have been any fecking traps at all. Several hundred angry ork guards was already overkill for a dungeon in Tolstey, the most peaceful country on Ludus.

So far, the little group hadn't encountered any resistance in the tunnels other than a few large lizard creatures. Each creature was smaller than a horned demon wolf and slower too. When the creatures attacked, Henry stepped out to meet them and killed them with contemptuous ease, leaving four shattered bodies behind them on the floor. Aodh thought they kind of looked like giant tarrata, the lizards commonly grown for meat on Ludus.

Aodh was surprised that he had to hold back tears. He felt sorry for the creatures. He bit his lip, walking by the last slain animal as it twitched and died on the floor. It was probably just a pet. These animals hadn't asked to be holed up in a dungeon. They hadn't asked to be part of all the violence. From their perspective, they were probably just defending their home. They probably didn't even know their masters were dead yet.

Aodh wondered if he was just soft, if other adventurers would think he was weak. Then he noticed Henry's stone-faced silence and Jason's sad expression. It seemed he was not the only person in their little group feeling pity for the slain pets.

The thought cheered him up and made him respect Henry and Jason more. He had expected them to not care; the leaders of adventurer groups in the books Aodh had read never would have. The fact Henry and Jason were so powerful but that Jason in particular was obviously fighting tears as they moved past the lizard creatures made Aodh feel a curious sense of pride.

He was proud to be in Delvers, LLC.

The realization hit him like a rake to the head. He wondered when the change had happened. As the group carefully tromped down the dark passageways of Yanbei Cavern, looking for anything of value in the rooms they passed, Aodh realized it'd been a gradual thing. He hadn't been sure what to expect in an adventuring company, but he'd braced himself for hazing and hardship. He'd thought it'd be like a mercenary group with lots of cliques and rivalry. Instead, Delvers, LLC seemed more like a loosely bound group of friends who just happened to kill a lot of monsters. Really fast. A lot of the time.

Aodh was just starting to smile, shaking his head, when Henry pushed open the door to the kitchen and he witnessed hell.

The first thing he noticed was the acrid stench. Aodh had grown up on a farm, so he knew what slaughter and old blood smelled like. The stink rolled over him as soon as the door opened, and he had to whirl, running a few steps before throwing up. Feels like all I do is puke, he thought.

When he got back, Jason looked a little queasy too. Henry's face was severe, and he absently patted one of his legs. Both men waited for him before they proceeded.

Apparently the orks had been cooking when the Delvers showed up. In a corner of the room, the fire was burning low, starved of fuel. Suspended above the sputtering coals was the body of a man that'd been roasting on a spit. One side of the corpse was charred from not being turned after the orks were interrupted, burned before the fire died down.

Racks and counters held meat, both people and animal parts. Aodh swallowed and felt nauseated again. There were enough humanoid body parts to make up at least a few people. A head that Aodh could recognize as Areva was sitting by itself. Aodh's Fideli eyes pierced the shadowy corners of the room to see even worse things.

He turned around and walked out of the awful kitchen. Jason joined him a moment later and muttered, "I don't really want to go back in there either. We'll wait for Henry to poke around."

Aodh just nodded.

A few minutes later, Henry walked out with an empty oil can that he tossed over his shoulder. He grimaced and growled, "We'll torch the place when we head out. A proper burial would be nice, but we don't even know if these people believed in burying their dead. I also don't want to search through half-eaten body parts."

Aodh nodded vigorously and plodded along in a daze while his employers continued searching rooms. As he followed, Aodh started to feel angry. He knew what it felt like to be helpless. For most of his life, he hadn't been part of a powerful adventuring company like Delvers, LLC. His hands flexed as he imagined the terror and pain of the people the orks had killed before they were eaten. Well, he hoped they were killed first.

The anger permeated his whole body, a dull, constant roar. He wasn't sure what to do with it, but he held it close, feeding off of it until he was back in the present and paying attention again.

As he thought about it, he realized that the setup of the kitchen, the way the drains were situated, and the old stains made it obvious that other monsters inhabiting this dungeon had probably killed and eaten people too.

Aodh decided he really, really hated monsters.

In the last room before they got to the dungeon's trap area, they discovered the commander's quarters. It was the only room the orks had occupied that had any objects of note. Jason spent a few minutes looking at the maps, notes, and a journal they discovered, but none of them could read the language they were written in. Aodh hadn't even known orks could write. Jason got a strange look in his eyes as he paged through the notes before stowing them away.

Past that point, they followed the cave to the first trap room. The room was large and covered with tiles on the floor and the walls. Each tile had a hole in it, probably for some kind of nasty surprise. On the opposite side of the room was a switch. Jason handed Henry his pack and his sack of gear before saying, "Okay, I'm ready."

Aodh asked, "What are you doing?"

Henry answered, "This is the first trap room. The info we got on this place said we have to turn that lever to disarm all the fucking traps. But first, we need to test the ground around it."

Henry took a handful of bronze balls from his sack and threw them near the lever. The balls spread out randomly and Henry frowned for a moment. Aodh thought he could see a ball or two quiver. Henry turned to Jason and said, "It's clear."

Jason nodded and disappeared in a bamf, reappearing on the other side of the room near the lever. Aodh didn't understand what was happening, and Henry noticed his confusion. He said, "I just put downward force on each ball to see if there were any pressure traps by the switch. I'll do the same thing for our path once Jason throws the switch to make sure the room is really deactivated."

"What about tripwires and stuff?"

Henry nodded. "That's a good question. Jason was ready to teleport away as soon as he appeared. Plus, we're not sure how it works, but he can't teleport into things, so we hoped he wouldn't trip anything the moment he appeared."

"Ah," Aodh answered. He hadn't known Jason's power worked that way.

Henry and Jason basically repeated their methodical process to get through all three trap rooms. The other two rooms didn't have a lever. The little group had to avoid certain tiles or push buttons in a certain sequence to get across, but Henry and Jason had creative solutions for each problem using their magic.

When Henry's magic triggered some of the nastier traps, Aodh gulped and felt eternally grateful he was nowhere near them. The stone, wood, and bronze impaling devices, the blades, the ground that opened up, darts, magic fire--none of it looked like a good time to him.

Periodically Henry or Jason would light a torch or throw a "fireball" torch for light. The fireball torches were rocks covered in burlap and pitch dangling from a thin chain. They were lit on fire and thrown.

The little team proceeded slowly and smoothly. They didn't encounter any other creatures or monsters at all. In less time than Aodh would have imagined, they stood before the door to the treasure room--a huge portal of solid bronze.

As they all examined the door, Henry got a strange gleam in his eye and laid his hands against the metal. Nothing happened for about a minute until the bronze began running over his fingers. It looked like Henry was melting a hole straight through the door, but there was no heat at all. "It's lucky our info on this place had a drawing of where the latch would be on the inside of the door," Jason said.

Henry absentmindedly replied, "Nah, I could have just bored a hole big enough for some light so you could see in, then you could have teleported in and opened the door."

"Yeah but then we wouldn't be able to check for traps."

"Sure we could." Henry was fishing around on the other side of the door now, his arm buried up to his shoulder. "We could just use the balls again like we've been doing."

"Yeah, I guess you're right."

Aodh narrowed his eyes as he watched Henry. "Why didn't you just cut through the door with your sword, Jason?"

Henry just shrugged and kept working, but Jason scratched his head a bit before replying, "I guess I didn't really think of that. This power is too new. However, speaking of swords..." Jason drew his sword and stood at the ready.

Aodh was alarmed. "Are we expecting a fight?"

"No, but there's a first time for everything. The companies that came through here before might have left something out too. You can't see it, but Henry's entire arm right now is covered in steel, and he's probably got his earth strength turned to max."

Henry grunted as he tried to find the latch and muttered, "You know it." Eventually he found what he was searching for. "Got it!"

The door slowly swung open. Nobody moved forward recklessly. As they stood there, Aodh got his first good look at the Yanbei Cavern treasure. His eyes widened, and he breathed, "Wow."

* * *

Mareen perched awkwardly on the side of the Battlewagon while Uluula sat across from her. Neither woman spoke. Mareen held her hammer while Uluula leaned her spear against her leg and crossed her arms, staring at the captive orks.

The orks sat in a docile circle, their arms bound, far enough away from each other that they couldn't communicate without being noticeable. Mareen really didn't understand why Jason and Henry were keeping them alive. Monsters were supposed to be killed. Everyone knew that.

The situation with Uluula was tense. Mareen didn't know what to say. The silence was awkward, not least of which because Mareen felt silly that she was basically babysitting a woman twice her age from picking a fight with and killing barbaric people... or demon people... or something. Mareen wasn't entirely sure at this point.

She really didn't fundamentally disagree with Uluula on the subject of exterminating the orks.

She glanced around and noticed that Keeja was gone. She'd probably randomly left for a while as she did from time to time. Bezzi-ibbi was searching the dead orks for anything of value, bronze weapons and the like. Rark-han was helping him. The big wolf man was using the hook prosthetic that Henry had made to replace his missing arm to flip over the bodies and check their pockets.

Mareen shivered. She could kill now, but she didn't have to like it. She definitely didn't ever want to feel like a vulture, picking among the dead. Better them than me, she thought.

She avoided looking at the entrance to the dungeon. She knew Henry was probably in danger, but she didn't have the right to control him or be worried. He let her face danger on her own terms too. When she'd asked him about it, he'd said he wouldn't be respecting her if he tried to forbid her from what she wanted to do. That simple statement was exactly the kind of thing she loved about Henry.

Of course, he didn't seem to understand that on Ludus, it was Mareen who'd be judged for letting a man face danger, not vice versa. Mareen really needed to educate Henry more on Ludus culture, but she just didn't have the heart yet. For the time being, she wanted to prolong the feel of their new relationship and how they were exploring their fledgling love for each other.

Love. It shouldn't have been such a giddy word to think about since she'd already accepted her heart song, but she couldn't deny the realization was taking some adjustment. She'd already given her future and her body to Henry. He was her best friend. She felt stupid for wanting to marry already since they'd been seeing each other for such a short time, but she couldn't deny the truth.

She didn't know when to bring it up, though. She didn't want Henry to think she was a silly young girl. She was several years into adulthood on Ludus, but she understood that people weren't even considered adults on Henry's world until they were 18. Strange.

People had babies, got adult responsibility, and felt the urge to couple much younger than that. Why would a culture pretend otherwise? Mareen didn't understand. People from Henry's homeland must have had very easy lives. In fact, Henry had basically said as much before, but Mareen couldn't imagine it.

Suddenly, Uluula began speaking. The sudden sound startled Mareen so badly she almost fell off the Battlewagon. The Areva woman softly said, "You know, I think I envy you in some ways."

Mareen blinked a few times before responding. "What?"

"If we were just about anywhere else in the rest of the universe, I would have so many advantages over you in every conceivable way that the gap between us would be profound. Yet here on Ludus, our positions are roughly equal despite the fact you are a Terran farm girl. I used to look down on you for that, but being Areva is inconvenient sometimes. We can't lie to ourselves.

"See, as you may know, I have almost perfect recall. This means I can't pretend, I can't deny the reality of my past thoughts or actions. And honesty compels me to acknowledge that regardless of my original intentions for myself on this mission, you're here now acting as my de facto guard.

"It's humiliating, but maybe I needed this."

Mareen blinked again. Uluula had a peculiar way of speaking sometimes. The Areva woman could come across as distant or aloof, but Mareen was used to that. This wry introspection was a side of her personality Mareen had never seen before, a side she definitely liked more. However, Mareen had no idea what the small, fierce woman was saying. "What under the sun are you talking about?"

"I was just thinking about how after all my self-discipline, after all the time and effort I've spent trying to adapt to this world and make a new life for myself, here I sit. I lost control and attacked some parasites, some vermin. I'm ashamed, ashamed I ignored my own strategy for the operation. And now I'm being guarded by someone I looked down on before but who has not only managed to avoid acting like a fool but who also managed to establish an adult, committed relationship."

Uluula snorted and didn't make eye contact. "Not to mention someone who can physically overpower me despite vastly less experience in combat. Meanwhile, all I can do is blow a little wind around with a trickle of magic."

Uluula demonstrated by picking up a leaf, placing it on her palm, and causing it to blow away from her hand as she furrowed her brow in concentration. After the leaf was gone, the Areva woman clenched her fist before relaxing and gently clasping her hands together.

Mareen wasn't entirely sure how to respond. At first, she was offended by the implied insult but forced herself to think through the rest of what Uluula said. She wasn't blind. She'd noticed how Uluula tended to avoid her. She'd thought it was because she had said something that offended the smaller woman. Either way, Uluula usually acted professional--if a little cold and distant.

Plus, this wasn't the first time another woman had given Mareen the cold shoulder. Growing up in a tight-knit community where so many men tried to get her attention hadn't exactly made for a comfortable life sometimes. Some other women had blamed Mareen for the attention, saying her single status might have spurred on the interest.

They might have been right. However, the worst attitude she'd gotten was from some of the women that had approached her to be the second or even third wife in their families. Mareen believed her outright rejection of these proposals was appropriate, and in truth it was. Mareen knew it, the women making the suggestion knew it, but rejection was rejection; some people handled it better than others.

George had had no idea any of this had happened, of course. Mareen loved her grandfather dearly, but he could be somewhat oblivious. She wished her mother was still alive. The old ache flared up and disappeared again just as quickly.

After a second or two, she finally replied, "You planned out most of this operation. If I wasn't orb-Bonded, I'd have no chance against you in a fight. In fact, Jeth almost killed me." Mareen put a hand to her scarred lower back. "I have been a burden more often than not. The same is not true for you."

Uluula shook her head in firm denial. "No, the way you handled the incident with Jeth was very brave and quite intelligent. I'm just glad he got what he deserved." Her eyes flashed. "I still wish we could have crucified him, though. At the very least, he should have been tortured for a while. Based on evidence and what the bandits told the Jaguar Clan, he was one of the vilest bandits of the lot. We should have replaced his blood with acid, little by little."

Mareen felt a slight chill as Uluula's words and tone reminded her of the stories she'd heard of Areva ruthlessness. She changed the subject. "Why did you attack the orks anyway?"

Uluula didn't speak for a while but finally said, "Tusked demons, orks, killed my older sister. She was superior to me in every way. What's more, she had a kind heart and a sweet nature. She devoted her life to helping others. She probably ended up in an ork's stomach. I hate them. They're locusts of the universe. If allowed, they would spread unchecked and reduce a world to rubble."

Mareen felt a sudden kinship for the other woman. "So it was about family then. I understand now. My father and my mother were both killed when I was young, murdered. Their room was locked from the inside when their bodies were found. My father was a famous adventurer. After he died, since nobody knew who did it, I was given to my grandfather's care and grew up on farms. If I ever find out who killed my parents, I will probably be much less calm than you were.

"In fact, if not for Grandfather, I'm not sure what would have happened to me. He's the only family I have left. I owe him more than I could ever repay in a lifetime. I don't know what I will do when Grandfather passes away, much less what I'd do if he was killed. It's something I don't like to think about."

Both women were quiet for a while, Mareen was lost in her own thoughts. Finally Uluula said, "I owe you an apology. I've been avoiding you, and I didn't even know you very well. I made a lot of assumptions that were not true."

"I haven't exactly tried to seek you out either. I think part of me was a little intimidated. I'm a farm girl, and you're Areva. You won't say so, but it's fairly obvious you're an aristocrat."

"Yes, well, at least you're the same species as the person you love." Uluula colored slightly but didn't look away.

"What?" Mareen was shocked. She wasn't sure if she'd heard the other woman correctly. Uluula didn't respond and just studied her feet. The conversation was awkward, but Mareen felt glad they were having it. It kind of felt like they were addressing and working through months of misunderstandings between them.

Eventually, Mareen asked, "Are we friends now?"

Uluula looked up, startled. "Yes... I suppose we are at that. How surprising."

"I'm glad," Mareen said, smiling.

Uluula looked thoughtful for a moment before her cheeks colored and she asked with an otherwise entirely straight face, "Well, since we are friends now, can you tell me how to go about becoming... physical with a lover? How was it for you? What did you do to get over your nerves? You were inexperienced, right?

"Against my better judgement, I... established my sexual bridge a day and a half ago. The process has not gone as smoothly as I could have hoped."

Mareen couldn't help herself. She chortled; her mirth rang out by itself until Uluula joined her. Both women giggled so hard they had tears in their eyes.

When Mareen noticed Bezzi-ibbi look up at the sound of their hilarity, roll his eyes, and ignore them to get back to work, it just made her laugh harder.





New Religion

The whole time he trudged back to the entrance of the dungeon, Henry wondered what they'd do about the captured orks. He'd seen Tony's expression, especially after they'd passed the dungeon's kitchen again on the way out. The kid had murder in his eyes.

Henry wasn't sure what would happen.

While they were loading up in the treasure room, he'd had a chance to tell Jason that all the dead humanoids in the kitchen had slashed throats; they'd been prepared just like the animals were. It was obvious to Henry that the people were being treated as meat by the monsters. They weren't torturing them. Plus, he knew Jason was shaken by seeing the ork leader's office. Before this point, they'd considered all monsters to be murderous animals, no better than large vermin.

However, the orks used tools, they had language, and they obviously took notes. What was more, the kitchen had been disgusting and horrible, but there was no evidence that the orks had been visiting pain and evil upon others like the bandits had.

Sure, the orks had killed some people and they were eating them, but there had been hundreds of orks. It wasn't likely that all of them were complicit. Henry knew Jason and figured his friend was going to give the handful of surviving orks the benefit of the doubt.

Henry actually wanted to let Tony kill the orks or even just do it himself. He had no problem handing them weapons to give them a fighting chance either. They apparently wanted to die via duel anyway. However, before they'd left Mirana, he and Jason had had a private talk about roles and responsibilities. They'd agreed that decisions regarding issues like prisoners would be Jason's call, so Henry was willing to back off. In fact, Jason had even confirmed it outside the dungeon before they entered.

On their way out of the dungeon, Jason caught Henry's eye and gave him a slight shake of the head. Henry understood the message: they weren't going to kill the ork prisoners. So be it.

Henry left Yanbei Cavern with a literal armful of loot and a bulging pack. As the strongest person in their little group, he had to carry the most. Luckily, with magic strength from the earth, he was able to move easily even while completely loaded down.

Once they got close to the others, Tony, who was staring at the orks, went to grab a grenade. Jason grabbed the boy's arm with his free hand and said, "No, Tony. It's not your decision."

Aodh wasn't happy, but he followed Jason's order. He didn't even look at the orks again, and his nostrils flared in anger. It was obvious the dungeon kitchen had deeply affected him.

The next few hours went by in a blur. Henry led most of the Delvers down to the treasure room to haul the rest of the loot to the surface, following the safe paths through the trap rooms that Jason had marked with chalk.

Jason stayed behind and tried communicating with the captured orks using pictures--via a pad of paper and pen they'd found in the treasure room--and hand gestures.

The rest of the loot was carried out by Bezzi-ibbi, Rark-han, and Aodh. Henry and Mareen took a few trips to lug out the huge bronze doors that Jason had cut up into convenient pieces earlier. It amused Henry that they were even taking the dungeon's inner door.

Bronze was valuable. It was too bad for the other adventuring teams that they hadn't thought of taking the door or hadn't had the means to do so.

The big surprise came when they were getting ready to leave. Henry was curious what Jason was going to do with the orks, and his question was soon answered. Jason calmly addressed the whole group, saying, "We are letting these last few orks go. I've told their leader not to kill people unless it's in self-defense, and they said they will not attack anyone unprovoked. I believe them."

There was a few seconds of silence before Uluula exclaimed, "What? What are you thinking? These things should be exterminated!" She started angrily walking forward.

Then Jason did a curious thing. He faced Uluula, squared his shoulders, and firmly said, "Lula, this is my decision. It's not up for discussion. Stand down."

Henry's eyebrows tried to climb into his hairline. His friend usually followed Uluula around like a lost puppy, but he'd just actually acted assertive. Jason had found his balls! Henry was shocked.

Apparently Uluula was too. She stood stock-still for a moment before getting a very strange look in her eyes. Her face reddened, and Henry figured she must be angry. The petite woman turned on a heel, got into the back of the Battlewagon, and pointedly looked the other direction. Henry might have been imagining it, but he thought she was quivering.

Damn! Glad I'm not him! He mentally chuckled. Just as Henry was congratulating himself for not being involved in his friend's relationship drama, Mareen slowed down behind him and whispered, "You'd better not get any ideas." Henry rolled his eyes. He'd never let a woman boss him around!

He watched the freed orks slowly move away while he cradled his rifle. It wasn't sitting well with him that the orks were just going free, but he didn't want to undermine Jason's authority. He had no idea how long he'd been watching the orks until Mareen tapped him on the shoulder. She said, "Hey, quit staring and go get in your little turret. We're all waiting on you, and I want to get out of here."

Henry absentmindedly patted her hand and turned around. "Oh, okay." He climbed into the Battlewagon turret, and Jason began easing the vehicle away. Luckily, their loot haul from Yanbei Cavern included quite a few magic stones. The Battlewagon consumed more power while running with a heavy load, but they had more than enough fuel.

Henry glanced back at the heavy pieces of bronze doorway stacked in the back of the vehicle. Altogether, they were probably carrying at least several tons of loot back with them. He felt pride that the Battlewagon's energy consumption didn't go up too much and it didn't handle too sluggishly while weighed down. He'd built her well. Henry patted the side of the Battlewagon as the Delvers sped back towards Mirana.

* * *

Smartstrong Gulzug mar'Tartooth was extremely confused. He watched the strange soft-skins almost silently drive away on their death-spitting war machine and shook his head. His three remaining warriors stood aimlessly nearby as well.

Smartstrong didn't know what to think. The Yay-soon's people, the Dalvars, had utterly annihilated all his men. Yay-soon had slain two of his mages with his own hand. Their smallest member had killed one of his best warriors in one-on-one combat, then the one with fur on his face, Han-ri, had effortlessly disarmed the last of the People.

They'd been captured. Yay-soon had communicated with them via pantomime and pictures, and then they were just... released. Of course, Yay-soon had made his demands very clear. Smartstrong and the Plains People were forbidden to attack or eat any soft-skin races. If they did, Yay-soon said he would personally kill them. The threat made Smartstrong's neck and chest go numb in dread.

Smartstrong didn't yet know how to react to the events of the day, but he didn't like being disarmed. He picked up one of the cruder weapons lying on the field of battle that the Dalvars hadn't bothered to take--a club with obsidian blades. His men did the same and followed him as he headed back into the Dark Cave Holy Site.

Something wasn't right.

The whole time the Dalvars had carried items out of the Dark Cave Holy Site, Smartstrong had been watching closely, ready for to try one last time to kill the defilers if he saw even one looted artifact or image of Tartooth. However, he hadn't seen any. In fact, most of the items the Dalvars had taken from the cave were entirely unfamiliar to him.

Smartstrong entered his old home and did not look at all the bodies of his comrades. He kept a stoic face for the sake of his three remaining warriors, but if he looked down, he knew he could have started wailing in anguish. So many of his people had perished in such a short amount of time; they would have died in honor if they were doing their god's work, but he had a terrible, terrible suspicion.

He had to see for himself.

He trooped through the Dark Cave Holy Site and noticed the smoke curling from under the kitchen door. He could hear fire and felt the heat radiating from the room behind the door. The Dalvars had obviously torched the place. Smartstrong would have too. In fact, when sects of the Plains People warred, those that consumed their enemies were often dealt with harshly. Smartstrong had no idea why some held to such old, barbaric traditions, especially hadashar, ritual alive-eating. Smartstrong knew the practice was not honorable under the gaze of Tartooth.

Smartstrong briefly stopped in his old office. Luckily, his hidden bronze dagger was still where he'd left it. He buckled it on before heading out again.

He'd never been past the trap rooms before. A few orks had tried, attempting to get to the inner sanctum to commune with Tartooth while in yilm-induced fervor, but they'd all died. However, the Dalvars had not only deactivated the rooms, they'd also left clear trails to mark safe passages.

Smartstrong was impressed. The Dalvars were clever and efficient.

They arrived at the inner sanctum and found the room cleared out. There were no artifacts of Tartooth. Unfortunately, Smartstrong also saw what he'd suspected, what he'd feared most--the rear wall of the room featured a giant carved likeness of Dolos. Under the image, lines of different written languages were engraved into the wall. Smartstrong was able to understand one line that read, "Great God Dolos".

"We were tricked," he snarled. "We were fools. The Yay-soon and the Han-ri have freed us. We must repent for our gullibility. This is why the Ul-hala challenged us but only killed two before the Han-ri rendered us helpless. We are weak like children under the gaze of Tartooth."

Rocksure moved his tusks in a negative pattern, saying, "No, the interlopers, the defilers have tricked you. You are not seeing clearly."

Smartstrong became sad. He knew how the situation would end, but he had to try reasoning with Rocksure. "Lesser warrior, hear my words. Our stories are clear. All under the Gaze is with Tartooth or against him. The Dolos-god is obviously against Tartooth. We were tricked to guard this sanctum after being told this Dark Cave Holy Site held relics of Tartooth. Dolos is Tartooth's enemy. The Delvars robbed from Dolos. They therefore must be friends of Tartooth."

"No, they were just mages. Their weapons weren't even that powerful. We just got transported here with none of our own weapons or gear."

"You are being misled by the Dolos-god, Rocksure." Smartstrong moved his tusks sadly. "You cannot see the truth."

Rocksure snarled, "No Smartstrong, your brain is mush, and you are--" His words ceased as the weapon impacted with this neck. The dying warrior sighed as Smartstrong pulled the bladed clum out his throat. One of the club's blades broke off and remained in Rocksure's flesh. Smartstrong would need to grab a new one from the battlefield.

He said, "You speak falsely. You must not embrace heresy at this darkest of hours for the Plains People." He regarded Helpssturdy and Truthwatching, his last two remaining warriors. "Do you wish to spit heresy?"

They both shook a fist, signaling no. Smartstrong patted his chest, the gesture for acceptance.

He was enlightened. No wonder his mages had fallen to Yay-soon. The Delvars were obviously messengers of Tartooth. The Plains People had suffered dearly for their heresy, their gullibility, but Smartstrong knew the truth now. It was time to atone. It was time to spread the story of the Dolos-god's treachery.

He understood. The battle with the Delvars would have been a crushing defeat, an unbearable dishonor, if his entire war band had been defeated by some soft-skin mages with primitive technology. However, being defeated by demigods was an honor.

Smartstrong's spirit surged. His eyes burned with zealotry as he led his last two warriors out of the cursed Dark Cave Holy Site. With only three of the People, funeral rites for the dead would take a long time. However, he knew he'd found his true calling. His spirit burned for the mission Tartooth had given him. He must tell the whole world about the evil Dolos-god. He must let the whole land know of Tartooth's agents and teach how to properly venerate them:

The Agent of Death, Yay-soon

The Agent of War, Han-ri

The Agent of Souls, Bass-abey

The Agent of Carrion, Ror-kon

The Agent of Honor and Duels, Ul-hala

The Agent of Devotion, Mahr-in

The Emissary, Kay-jah

Smartstrong knew if he didn't spread the truth of how to honor theses agents of his god, they would return to cull Tartooth's children, all while Tartooth's Emissary looked on from the sky, giving her blessing. Smartstrong must not let it happen again!

Deep in the bowels of Yanbei Cavern, a new religion was born.





Writing on the Wall

Henry was glad they were having a fairly peaceful return trip back to Mirana. The first night on the way back, they stopped by a river they passed before and set up camp. Since the Delvers could store their packs in the Battlewagon, camping was a breeze. When Henry thought about it, he'd never had to truly hike around Ludus with only what was on his back. He wanted to keep it that way.

He was beginning to enjoy their nightly cookouts.

After the group all ate and it was getting dark, he saw Uluula pulling Jason towards the river. Jason looked confused. Henry barely caught a snippet of their conversation. Uluula was saying, "Mareen told me you like 'cat girls.' Is this true?" Henry snickered as his friend's obvious discomfort.

Those two really needed to just get laid.

* * *

Jason dumbly followed Uluula to the river. He'd given up trying to understand what was going on. First Uluula grilled him about cat girls for a while before seeming strangely satisfied. Then she suggested they find a quiet, remote spot near the water to talk.

When they arrived at the river, the waning light was still enough to see by. The tall Ludus grass on the river bank danced in the slight breeze. The river was gentle. The water created a background babble that was soothing to the ears. Native birds sang from the trees on both sides of the river. Most trees in the area were pines, and the setting sun made the furthest of them look like pointy silhouettes.

The river bank was hard baked. There hadn't been much rain lately, and the Ludus versions of dragonflies lazily buzzed around. Jason would have thought the scene was beautiful if it wasn't Ludus and he hadn't had to constantly worry about being eaten.

He asked, "What about monsters? Aren't there a bunch of water monsters on Ludus?"

"We're still within the orks' range from Yanbei Cavern. They'll have killed everything in this area. Orks are very territorial. Plus, you're Bonded. If there is any trouble, you can teleport back to camp and immediately get help or just kill anything that threatens."

"Okay, so what are we--" Jason stopped speaking when Uluula began removing her armor and clothing at the edge of the water. "What are you doing?"

"What does it look like I'm doing? I just fought in a battle. I stink, and I want to clean myself. This should not require explanation."

"Ah, yeah. I guess that makes sense." Jason caught a flash of Uluula's pale back, and his brain stopped working very well. "I guess I'll walk away a ways and wait until you're done."

"Actually, would you like to join me?" Jason's eyes had to have been playing tricks on him. It looked like Uluula was blushing. This has to be a trick of the light, right?

While Jason was blinking and processing the question, Uluula finished stripping and placed her clothing in neat piles. When she bent over, Jason got an especially interesting view. Then without a backwards glance, she slowly but steadily entered a natural pool in the river until the water lapped against the bottoms of her breasts. She turned and arched an eyebrow.

While Uluula was walking in, Jason had been mesmerized, and higher brain functions were not possible. With effort, he started thinking again. He quickly took off his armor and tried to get out of his clothing in a dignified manner like Uluula had, but he knew he failed miserably. The fact she was watching him the entire time didn't help.

Finally, Jason entered the river too. The water was cool but not uncomfortable. He continued deeper past Uluula until the water came up to his chest. The water level up to Uluula's chest only came to his waist. Uluula wasn't looking at him. She kept glancing off to the side, and Jason began feeling more and more awkward.

Finally she asked, "You truly find me desirable?"

During Jason's entire relationship with Uluula, he'd decided to embrace honesty. He knew he wasn't cool. He would never have "game." He was aware that he was an intelligent man, but he could not wrap his mind around how flirt. With Uluula, from the moment he'd found himself in the bath with her at the Jaguar Clan house, he'd spoken directly from the heart.

He replied, "I think you're beautiful. In fact, this setting kind of reminds me of the first time we really talked. You made quite an impact on me then too."

"Yes. There does seem to be a bit of a theme here, doesn't there?" Uluula's cheeks reddened. This time Jason clearly saw it. What the hell is going on?

Uluula's blue alien eyes held his as she glided forward in the water. When her feet couldn't touch the bottom anymore, she swam the last few feet until she was right in front of Jason and placed her arms around his neck.

She was close, so close he could feel her breath. So close he could see the day's fading light reflected in her eyes. Jason felt awkward and gently placed a hand on her back, his touch as gentle as possible. He desperately wanted to avoid scaring her away.

"Jason Booth, more than a day ago I established my sexual bridge. I know I told you about Areva sexual bridges, that we can choose to turn off or reestablish sexual impulses after we hit puberty. Most choose to turn off their sexual bridge as soon as possible, not engaging it again until they want to have children or they've found a spouse or lover."

It took a while for Jason's struggling brain to catch up. Then his eyes widened.

"Yes, now you understand. I made this decision for several reasons, not least of which was there was a very good chance we would die at Yanbei Cavern. I decided if we survived, I would face my fears. I knew I could not even fully know myself until did. What is interesting is how different I feel about the matter now that my body has changed.

"I feel hot, especially in my center, in my chest, and I'm having trouble thinking straight. I'm still nervous about the entire concept of intimacy, but right now my body's voice is at least as loud as my fears. I could go either direction.

"I don't want to make excuses, but I think my lack of discipline earlier today was partially because of these changes." Uluula grabbed Jason's hand that wasn't on her back and rested it on her breast. Jason numbly noticed that her nipple was rock hard.

Uluula placed a hand on Jason's face, her expression soft but direct. "I am still not a silly girl, though. I desperately want this right now, but I have to protect myself and my heart. I will not indulge my desires unless I have some assurances."

"Uhhh... what?" Jason couldn't believe that in this moment, this was the best response he could give. Stupid, stupid, stupid Jason. Get it together! Unfortunately, his internal frustration was not enough to snap him out of his stupor.

Uluula continued, "I have decided, I think rather obviously, that you are worthy of courting me. This leads to marriage. I fully expect you to eventually marry me.

"I also expect you to honor my intelligence and my wishes in finding you at least one other spouse for our household. You may not understand it, but you need to trust me that this is critical for your future as well as mine.

"Last, if you ever break my heart, if you ever betray me, I will kill you." Uluula's eyes flashed, and she pushed Jason's hand more firmly to her chest. "Bonded or not, I will destroy you if you mistreat me."

Jason felt a spark of anger in the back of his mind, the heat temporarily freeing him from his trance. "I would never, ever intentionally hurt you. However, I can't promise I'll never hurt you. That's not how relationships work. For the love of..." Jason stopped talking before he used an idiom she wouldn't understand. He paused for a moment before continuing to struggle through his words. "You're a different species. It's hard enough trying to understand women of my own species.

"That said, you are like a miniature sun. Your mind is sharp and analytical; you miss nothing. You push yourself to always be the best that you can be. You're brave and uncompromising. You're beautiful, still one of the most beautiful women I've ever met in my life. I can't keep my eyes off of you even when I feel like I'm rude when I stare.

"I literally have dreams about one day kissing you for the first time, and I'm almost thirty friggin' years old. I even find the scary-ass, violent, raze-the-world-to-the-ground part of your personality fascinating and sexy. You are like a goddess, and I can't believe you'd even be interested in me in the first place. You are a superior woman, and I am a better person for having you in my life."

Uluula's blush grew deeper the longer Jason talked. When he was done, emotionally exhausted from trying to articulate everything he was feeling, Uluula's eyes flashed, and she growled. She put a hand behind Jason's neck and pulled him into their first real kiss. She obviously had no idea what she was doing, but Jason still went weak in the knees and almost fell into the river.

Uluula pulled herself closer to Jason, wrapping her legs around him. "Good enough," she murmured. "Your honesty is one reason I can bring myself go through with this, why I want this."

She looked up at him coyly, her eyes smoldering. "I never thought I would want a younger man, much less a Terran. But if you don't take me over to the bank right now and do something about this situation, I suppose we could just forget about the whole thing..."

As he gently held her, kissed her, and moved out of the water, Jason's entire being was focused on not ruining the mood. If Henry interrupts, I will literally kill him. Luckily, they made it to the bank without any interference. After that, Jason didn't have many other coherent thoughts for a while.

* * *

Henry whittled a piece of wood with a blade extended from his finger and wondered why Jason had been gone for a couple hours. He considered checking on his friend, but he still remembered the Jaguar Clan bath. As funny as it would have been to piss Jason off again, Henry had to follow the bro code.

When Henry noticed Jason had finally gotten back, his friend had a big, dopey grin on his face. Uluula was trying too hard to look like everything was normal, and they both had disheveled clothes. Did Jason just score? Finally? Henry shrugged. It was possible they could have just bathed in the river. Ultimately it was none of his business. However, if Uluula had finally given it up, he was glad. Those two had been wound up so tight for the last few weeks he was afraid they were going to start randomly stabbing people or humping furniture.

When Henry saw Jason almost immediately go to bed, still maintaining a stupid grin, and Uluula grab Mareen to walk off for a private chat, he knew he'd been right. The situation was further confirmed when Uluula didn't pitch her own tent and crawled into Jason's instead. Henry shook his head and just hoped his friend remembered to swallow his spirit stone before sleeping.

As he chuckled about his friend's relationship, Henry thought about how nobody ever really grew up. Being an adult was like never-ending high school, and apparently living on a different planet with other species didn't change a fucking thing. As he brewed some pseudo-tea, he wondered if he should write down his profound thoughts. He might as well--they had notepads and whatnot courtesy of Ludus or Dolos... or something.

He always wondered how so many Earth items were sold in Mirana markets. Now he knew. In addition to loot that adventurers would be interested in, the Yanbei Cavern treasure room had also contained a large assortment of random junk stored in boxes and crates, some of which was from Earth. Among the haul of weapons, armor, coins, magic stones, a spirit stone, and a Dolos orb, they'd also found random things like baseball hats, fishing line, notebooks, plastic plates, and a number of other perplexing things.

The Delvers had taken all of it. What they couldn't find a use for, they'd sell.

All in all, Henry was in a great mood. That night, Bezzi-ibbi and Rark-han took the night watch as usual. The Mo'hali could see in the dark, they had great hearing, and they were uncomfortable letting anyone other than other themselves pull guard duty. Henry wasn't really happy about the arrangement since it seemed unfair, but everyone other than the person driving the Battlewagon could nap while traveling now. Nobody really had to miss out on sleep.

As they got ready for bed, Henry noticed that Mareen was in a good mood too. Henry could only imagine it was at least partially because she was meddling in Jason's love life. That was what women did, even a practical woman like Mareen. Henry approached it fatalistically. As long as she was fucking with someone else's life, she probably wouldn't feel the temptation to start messing with his. Small victories.

That night, he and Mareen didn't make love. They were so tired they just cuddled for a while, and she almost immediately fell asleep. Right before dozing off, in a rare moment of vulnerability, Henry smiled and got tears in his eyes while he watched Mareen sleeping. She was snoring softly, something he was trying to get used to.

He was amazed he'd attracted someone so special. They might have been stuck on a monster-plagued world, but at least he'd been able to save his mom and meet Mareen. Ludus wasn't a total wash.

The rest of their return journey was similar. The only monsters they saw were random things wandering around by themselves, and Henry was able to easily kill them while the Battlewagon sped along. It was uneventful enough that most of the Delvers began to nap or play games while they traveled. Bezzi-ibbi produced a set of playing cards and a musical instrument from somewhere. The kid was awfully handy to have around when they needed to kill some time.

Henry didn't ask Jason about his spirit stone upgrade or what abilities he'd chosen for his second rank. They'd have plenty of time for that conversation when they got back to Mirana. Nobody wanted to break the relaxed mood.

Henry thought it was strange that Keeja hadn't come back. He talked about it briefly with Jason, but his friend had no idea why she hadn't returned either. Even after all the time they'd spent with her, they didn't know much about the enigmatic High Priestess. That suited Henry just fine. Fine ass and tight body or no, she gave him the creeps, probably because she always looked at him like he was a piece of meat. He could have sworn she licked her lips occasionally.

Plus, the fact he had to keep remembering she was thousands of years old when she didn't look much older than Uluula was confusing as hell. She could also have probably manhandled him if she really wanted to. He wasn't even sure how powerful she truly was, and he preferred to keep it that way.

After they got to Mirana, the Delvers tried not to draw any extra attention. They passed through the gates without a problem, but quite a few people were curious about the Battlewagon and their masks. A few other adventurers recognized them and called out asking if they'd had a good haul.

The Delvers ignored everyone. Henry was tired and just wanted to sleep in a real bed before dealing with city life and Adventure Guild issues. The others probably felt the same way.

He was extremely glad for the garage. Even though they were carrying a fortune in loot on the Battlewagon, the Delvers Garage gave them an easy way to secure it so they didn't have to immediately start selling everything off to the Adventuring Guild or the Jaguar Clan.

With their haul of loot, they weren't exactly rich yet, but they wouldn't have any money problems for a long time.

Once the Battlewagon was parked and the front door was locked, Bezzi-ibbi volunteered to guard the loot. His control as a Mo'hali hero was good enough now that he could extend his nullifying power enough to cover the battlewagon and maintain it. As usual, Rark-han was his shadow.

Jason and Uluula said they'd be in the house in case Bezzi-ibbi needed them. Henry rolled his eyes. They were probably just going to make out. Henry would have bet they wouldn't even notice if a fucking army tried to invade the garage, but he didn't say anything. He'd already squirreled away enough magic stones in his room that if the rest of their haul was stolen, they'd have enough money to pay the bills.

He was never, ever again going to make the same mistake again that he'd made with his old machete. The memory still weighed heavily.

With nothing better to do in Mirana as evening fell, Henry walked with Mareen to visit her grandfather. Before they'd left for Yanbei Cavern, George had asked her to let him know she was safe as soon as she got back. Henry knew Mareen probably also wanted to brag a bit. It was her first dungeon too, after all.

As they walked out of Mirana and through the peaceful farming communities, Henry smiled. It was turning into a nice night. The wind sighed through the crops on either side of the road, and as the alien sun set, it kicked up a riot of watercolor lights on the horizon. Henry and Mareen held hands, neither of them saying anything, just happy to be in each other's company.

They kept walking, and Henry felt a nagging feeling in the back of his mind. He didn't want to upset the mood, so he ignored it for a while, but it kept getting stronger until he had to acknowledge it. Something was wrong.

They were in the Georgetown settlement now. They hadn't gotten to the houses yet, but at this time of the day, before true dark, there still should have been some farmers out making use of the last light to work or visiting with friends.

Henry couldn't see anyone.

It took Mareen longer to catch on that something was wrong. Henry knew she'd noticed when her hand suddenly gripped his with crushing force. Neither of them spoke, but they separated hands, drew weapons, and began to trot towards the Georgetown houses. Henry felt the pit of his stomach dropping out.

George, please be okay, George. Please...

At the settlement, there were no lights. At this point, Henry absolutely knew something was amiss. "Wait here." He was afraid she wouldn't listen, but she nodded. Henry's dread continued to grow as he crossed the distance to the house they'd come to visit.

He was glad he hadn't enhanced his sense of smell when he opened the door to George's home because the stench of death, blood, and offal almost hit him like a physical thing.

George's body wasn't alone in the home. There was a dead village child in each corner, throats cut or heads caved in. They'd obviously been murdered and were placed intentionally to make the room more hellish. It was a message. The clinical portion of Henry's mind judged they'd only been dead for about a day. They'd probably been killed the previous night.

George's body was strapped to a table. He'd been tortured. Tears ran down Henry's face as he witnessed proof of what his friend had gone through during the last moments of his life. The last light of the setting sun leaked through the windows and illuminated the hellish scene.

Piles of fingernails, fingers, and things Henry didn't want to think about were stacked on the table next to George's naked body. The walls were splashed with blood. Bodily fluids had soaked into the wood and left deep, partially-dried puddles within the dips of the floor.

In the waning light, Henry could see something written on the wall in blood.

For Jeth

Next to the simple message was a symbol that Henry recognized. When he and Jason had looted Mr. Ben and his thugs after freeing themselves from the warehouse cell in Mirana, they'd found a huge silvery coin with the same symbol. Henry had thought it was unique looking, so he'd kept it and still had it in a drawer somewhere. He hadn't sold it. It was kind of a fucked-up souvenir from almost dying.

Next to the bloody writing, sticking into the wall, was Henry's stolen machete. He immediately recognized it.

"No fucking way," his voice came out in a whisper. He was still in shock, his brain stuttering so badly he didn't hear Mareen's footsteps approaching.

"Hey, Henry, I'm worried. Is everything--" Henry woke up out of his bewilderment when Mareen started screaming. He forced her out of the home, thanking God for the dim light and that he'd blocked a clear view into the house by standing in the doorway. He'd rather Mareen had nightmares about shadows than what was actually in there.

Henry forced himself to think rationally through his grief, his anger, his guilt. He had to draw as much strength from the earth as he could in order to restrain Mareen's superhuman struggling so she wouldn't hurt herself. He held his screaming, hysterical girlfriend under the winking, uncaring stars of an alien world and felt empty inside.

It was going to be a long, terrible night. And though Henry was screaming inside, his tears ran freely, and his heart was breaking, a larger part of himself grew cold, colder than it had ever grown before. Henry stared into the distance while he waited for Mareen to calm down or exhaust herself so they could find help.

Someone had hurt his friend, Mareen's family. Henry was going to kill them. He was going to kill them, their friends, and everything they held dear. He was going to raze their fucking buildings to the ground, salt the earth, and piss on the ashes.

Henry was angrier than he'd ever been in his life. As his rage grew, the ice within him grew even colder. Every time he thought of George, every time he thought of his kind, wise friend who'd helped him understand and survive Ludus, his fury grew hotter.

Every time Mareen's sobs racked her body, every time he heard her despair, her heart breaking, his wrath reached new heights. His anger grew so great it was almost a physical thing. It combined with his magic, and he couldn't help letting some of it out. The ground began to shake; rocks within the earth were crushed to dust.

Someone had sent a message. Henry needed to find out who it was and make sure they got his reply.





End of Delvers LLC: Welcome To Ludus

-Book One of Delvers LLC

Please read on for a note by the author.

...And don't forget to review this novel!



School--::--Subschool:

Earth-:-Metal

Air-:-Void

Water-:-Life

Fire-:-Matter

Consciousness-:-Time

Light-:-Darkness

Force-:-Attraction





To Readers,



PLEASE, PLEASE LEAVE A REVIEW! You are wonderful and reviews are amazing for all authors, but especially indie authors like me.

This was my very first book. I really hope you enjoyed it. Writing has always been a dream of mine and about two years ago I decided to stop dreaming and act! JUST DO IT!

-Thanks Shia

I'm still plotting out the entirety of the Delvers series, but Ludus is a part of something huge, a universe I've been working on for 10 years and can probably explore for the rest of my life.

For those who don't know, I am a web serial writer. This means that I post my stories online, chapter by chapter as part of an ongoing relationship with weekly readers. What I post online is a rough draft of my story. I add content and the entire story goes through a couple revisions before before I publish.



1. My website

If you're interested in checking out my website, the URL is http://blaise-corvin.com/. You can find news, Delvers artwork, and advanced (rough draft) chapters for what I'm working on.



I also post the rough draft of my story on Wattpad and Royal Road Legends, writing websites that allow people to post stories to read for free. Brandon Sanderson has even posted on Wattpad.



http://royalroadl.com/





2. My LitRPG group

I am the leader of a LitRPG group (LitRPG Society) on Royal Road Legends. This is the link: http://royalroadl.com/forum/forumdisplay.php?fid=8049



3. These are my social media accounts you can connect with me at!



Twitter - @Blaise_Corvin

https://twitter.com/Blaise_Corvin



Facebook - Leave me a like on facebook!

https://www.facebook.com/BlaiseCorvinWriter/



Webserial LitRPG Facebook Group

https://www.facebook.com/groups/LitRPGsociety/



LitRPG Facebook Group

https://www.facebook.com/groups/LitRPGGroup/



4. Recommendations:

If you liked this book, you may like other LitRPG stories too! Some authors I interact with often and can recommend are:



Cosimo Yap:

https://www.amazon.com/Cosimo-Yap/e/B01DFNMAA6/



Travis Bagwell:

https://www.amazon.com/Travis-Bagwell/e/B01J0PAE38/



Drew Hayes (author of Spells, Swords, and Stealth):

https://www.amazon.com/Drew-Hayes/e/B00C3NDBPS/



5. My email

If you want to drop me a line for any reason, you can email me at:

Blaise.Corvin.Art@gmail.com



6. Until next time (and please leave a review!)

Thank you for joining me on this adventure! I couldn't do it without all the knowledge and encouragement I get on a daily basis from everyone in this wonderful community.



I can't wait to spend time with you again in the second book, Delvers LLC: Adventure Capital.



:)



-BC





