Bringing The Farm To Live In Another World




(带着农场混异界)





Volume 03





Ming Yu


(明宇)





Story Description:





A series about a man who awakens in a strange land to find himself in the body of a complete waste of human life. He has to try to help rebuild a family that has fallen to only himself and his few retainers. As the first arc of the story it grows and becomes an epic journey of adapting to new land while crippled by a drug he was forced to ingest as he was banished to a wasteland by the old nobles of the capital after his family sided with the wrong heir to the throne in line for succession.





His only aid in this unfamiliar world is a strange ability that was present when he awoke in his new body. He’s got the ability to enter a world that is basically a farming simulation game, except all of the food is usable in the outside world. For someone stuck in a wasteland, only this cheat will help him survive and move forward in this unfamiliar world along with his few loyal retainers as he tries to rebuild a fallen family. Farming, selling crops, trying to find a way forward with a body that’s crippled.





Follow the journey of Zhao Hai as he lives his life in a magical world filled with intrigue, farming, business, more farming, and other exciting non farming things, followed by farming and cultivation.





Original Story can be found here: Link





Chapter 201: Intents[1]


After the farm reached Level 21, it had given Zhao Hai many benefits. Zhao Hai, however, was wondering about what would happen when the ranch also reached a high level. At that time, what sort of benefits would they obtain?

Even if they couldn’t get any benefits, so long as they could raise more magic beasts, their overall strength would increase. Just raising the blue-eyed rabbits alone made them earn a profit in gold coins.

Green and the others nodded as they now knew what they should currently upgrade. In their opinion, however, leveling up the ranch wasn’t as important as leveling up the farm. By leveling up the farm, once they reached Level 30 they would be able to detoxify Zhao Hai’s Water of Nothingness.

Right now, Zhao Hai had Cai-er and Zhao Wen by his side. As such, they weren’t worried about his security. Yet they still wished to cure him quickly. Once that happens, he would be able to find a wife and try to sire a child; to sprout branches and scatter leaves[2].

If Zhao Hai knew Green had such ideas, he wouldn’t know if he should laugh or cry. He would just place these issues on hold and say that such matters could be spoken of another day. Zhao Hai just couldn’t bear it. In Green’s view, however, Zhao Hai’s marriage and ability to have children was his greatest concern.

Zhao Hai actually had headaches about the matter. To be honest, he did feel something for Laura. After all, Laura was very attractive and had a very good disposition. Zhao Hai, however, couldn’t just turn down Meg. With regards to Meg, she had accompanied Zhao Hai when he’d confronted Zhao Wen, a Rank Nine expert. This had made a mark in Zhao Hai’s heart.

To say that Zhao Hai had been moved by Meg for only this matter would just be deceiving people. This just wasn’t the case. After all, after Zhao Hai had woken up, Meg had been the one who’d taken care of him. Moreover, the present Meg was interested in him. By adding in that recent incident, asking Zhao Hai to give Meg up would be impossible.

Zhao Hai had been a person who believed in a single love. He was also a perfectionist. His beliefs meant that he did not judge multiple loves as true love, but rather, universal love. However, this term was just sugar-coating the act itself.

When love arrived, it wouldn’t be something he’d be able to control. The more one would try to control it, the less one would be able to. It was almost like a drug. Unknowingly, one would start to sink into it.

When one truly encounters love, their view will start to become completely different than how it had been. At that time, what kind of choice would one make? For a man, it could possibly be a good choice since monogamy wasn’t practiced on the Ark Continent. Instead, marrying several women was the norm.

For an idealist, however, this choice would be difficult. Zhao Hai wanted the perfect love, but he didn’t have any control over his heart.

What was it that restrained a human the most? It wasn’t the law, but one’s own heart. When a human had their own set of standards within their heart, one will then find out how hard it is to cope with new standards.

Zhao Hai was such a human. He had his own views on love. Because of these views, he had been a 20-year-old virgin on Earth[3].

On Earth, a mortal’s world, Zhao Hai could hold true to his heart. Of course, in other people’s views, these were just the collected thoughts of a fool. As for Zhao Hai, what others said didn’t matter to him as he had a firm hold on his set of standards.

This was Zhao Hai’s disposition. He was plain, gentle, and responsible; but he also had an arrogant side.

* * * * *

As he spoke, Zhao Hai re-entered the Space, then travelled to Stony Mountain’s Bluestone Villa which had the same circumstances as Fort Iron Mountain. The area was similar to that of Flower City in that it had turned into a seven-colored flower’s world. Zhao Hai and the others were now accustomed to the change in scenery, so they weren’t that surprised anymore.

Sitting down in the living room of Bluestone Villa, Zhao Hai contacted Laura through his undead. He wanted to know if there had been any matters that have occurred these past few days.

Zhao Hai had expected something, but there really hadn’t been anything going on. Alodia and his followers were unexpectedly staying honest lately. They didn’t cause much trouble. Casa City was also tranquil. Aside from the small sensation that had been caused when Laura brought along the undead the other day, there hadn’t been many incidents occurring.

Such a situation wasn’t something Zhao Hai expected. He thought that those subordinates of Carlo would cause some trouble, or that he’d send people to rescue Alodia. Now, however, there hadn’t been any such movements. Why was this so? Carlo should be a person who wasn’t good to deal with, no?

Zhao Hai told Green about the situation, and Green turned gloomy afterward. He turned his head towards Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, I fear that this time around, things won’t be good. If Carlo moved earlier, then it meant he didn’t want the entirety of the Markey Dell clan to be involved. If he wanted to do it himself, he has the strength. This was shown with his recent business in the Purcell Duchy. He should have begun a few days ago. Instead, he didn’t make a move. Thus, it is probably safe to say that he has consulted the Markey Dell clan and requested them to solve this matter. In such a case, they wouldn’t be able to start quickly. After all, they would need time to consolidate their own forces.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He understood what Green meant. If this matter was something Carlo wished to solve himself, then they wouldn’t need to worry. With Carlo’s strength, they wouldn’t even need to pay attention. If this matter was handled by the Markey Dell clan, however, then it would be troublesome.

The Markey Dell clan was a formidable commercial clan that stretched across half the continent. Although they had an overbearing conduct, which increased the number of enemies, they had their own means of dealing with them. Furthermore, their strength was also high. They needed such strength, else they wouldn’t have their present status.

Although he was currently in a coalition with Laura and Evan, which allowed them to put up a fight with the Markey Dell clan, the winner at the end was still an unknown.

People on the continent didn’t dare to easily move against a merchant clan. This was due to a basic reason: the merchant clans were really too rich. They could spend a ton of wealth and batter their targets to death with money.

A common respected clan, even if they were rich, wouldn’t be able to spend money the same way as a merchant clan. Because of this, few respected clans would move against a merchant clan. Naturally though, a merchant clan wouldn’t try to go up against a large aristocratic clan.

Although merchant clans were rich, their status was inferior to those of large aristocratic clans. Furthermore, these large aristocratic clans associated with many other merchant clans, and middle or small aristocratic clans. These large aristocratic clans wouldn’t ever have a status lower than any merchant clan.

Simply put, if both sides had scruples, it wouldn’t be an easy thing. The situation right now, however, was related to the stability of the Purcell clan. As such, Evan had tied himself to a pledge with Zhao Hai and Laura, preparing to cope with the Markey Dell clan.

Obviously, Carlo had thought of this point and therefore, wouldn’t make a move because of it. Instead, he reported it to the Markey Dell clan headquarters, asking Sioux to decide.

Almost everyone on the continent knew that one cannot easily please a Rank Nine expert. Even if the clan wanted them to move, they would be required to pay a huge price. Therefore, if two clans were to really fight against one another, they would rely heavily on their Rank Eight experts. This was also something their economic status depended on.

With their economic strength, the Purcell clan and Laura could not beat them. However, would the Markey Dell clan try and fight them to the death?

The answer was no. The Markey Dell clan was an overbearing merchant clan. With regards to the interests of merchants, war was the most stupid way to solve problems. It was just something merchants didn’t like. Letting both the Markey Dell clan and Purcell clan wound one another because of this situation wouldn’t be possible. Sioux, that old fox, just wouldn’t allow that.

Since the Markey Dell clan wanted to deal with them, it wouldn’t start with the Markey Dell clan dirtying their hands. If they were as soft as persimmons, the Markey Dell clan would have directly destroyed them. If they were persistent and difficult to chew, then the Markey Dell clan would find some other means necessary to deal with them.

Now it looked like such things might really happen. So long as Carlo told the Markey Dell clan about this matter, things will start to get messy.

Fortunately, they now had Zhao Wen and Cai-er and thus weren’t worried about the Markey Dell clan attacking. Even if the Markey Dell clan goes all out and desperately asks a Rank Nine deity to get rid of them, they still needn’t be afraid.

Going up against the Markey Dell clan, however, wasn’t something Zhao Hai wanted. Unfortunately, the present situation didn’t allow Zhao Hai a way out. If he tried to run, then the Purcell clan and Laura would still be implicated.

Zhao Hai frowned as he asked Green, “Grandpa Green, what methods do you think the Markey Dell clan will come up with to deal with us? Will they use some sort of business-related means?”

Green shook his head and said, “I fear that won’t be it.”

Zhao Hai was surprised for a moment. He wasn’t able to understand what Green meant. As a merchant clan, they were the best at using business-related attacks. This method would be the best way to deal with the Purcell clan. It won’t only slowly beat down the Purcell clan, but the Markey Dell clan would also gain some advantages from it[4].

Green looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and understood what he was thinking. He smiled faintly and explained, “Business-related actions can make the Purcell clan take some losses, but wouldn’t be enough to extinguish them. Furthermore, if the Markey Dell clan did such a thing, it would be equal to offending the other respected aristocratic clans. The Markey Dell clan can deal with the Purcell clan this way, but how about the other aristocratic clans? If the Markey Dell clan dares to do so, then they wouldn’t be able to do business on the continent. All of the large aristocratic clans would join up and suppress them until they wouldn’t be able to recover. This is how the larger aristocratic clans handle things.”

Zhao Hai hadn’t thought it would really be like this. On Earth, some large financial groups could control the economic direction of a small country, or even control those countries through economic means. He hadn’t thought it wouldn’t be an alright action here on the Ark Continent.

In the end, the Ark Continent still places a lot of respect on strength. Laws, to those large aristocratic clans, weren’t binding and was just used as a tool to restrain others.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1] 心 – Xīn. Can also mean thoughts, heart, mind, feelings.

[2] Rather easy to see that this means: “Make a family.”

[3] Doesn’t sound like something he should sound so negative about… if he were a girl, he’d be a rare beast. Yet as a guy, he’s a disappointment? Sighs.

[4] Moolah.





Chapter 202: Beastfolk Three Classes


This still made Zhao Hai relax a little. If the Markey Dell clan wouldn’t use business-related means when they moved against them, then they wouldn’t have anything to fear. If the Markey Dell clan spent money to buy their lives, he knew it wouldn’t be easy.

It could be said that this world had mercenaries and killers everywhere. Those mercenaries and killers were outlaws, and would do anything so long as one gave them money in return.

Those mercenaries, however, weren’t brainless. They knew they couldn’t mess with some people. But if they obtained a mission, they would do everything they can.

Among mercenaries, there weren’t any strong experts. Strong experts were already recruited by the large aristocratic clans. They didn’t even need to do much. All they did was go to the villa each day and just eat and sleep. At any time, however, their lives could be lost.

Even though these mercenaries didn’t have strong experts, they utilized a variety of methods. For those experts the large aristocratic clan trained, although they reached high ranks, they were actually inexperienced in actual combat. Those experts and the mercenaries were, after all, from different worlds. As such, mercenaries might actually use traps or poisons, not like those that were trained by the aristocrats who refrain from such methods.

This was like what Zhao Hai had read in a novel before. Those mercenaries were the ones hired by those who didn’t have the means to send in a Rank Nine expert. Also, those experts trained by the aristocratic clans were apprentices of their respective clans. As such, their treatment would naturally be different.

Green looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, I think we don’t need to worry now that we have Zhao Wen and Cai-er. This means we actually have two Rank Nine experts. If the Markey Dell clan really went too far, we can definitely let Zhao Wen and Cai-er deal with them. Don’t forget, the Rank Nine experts of our clan are different from the Rank Nine experts of other clans. Those clans need to please their Rank Nine experts and pay a huge price while we don’t.[1]”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Truth is, I’m actually worried about Miss Laura. This time around, the issue is quite big. Also, it was because of us that it had occurred, so I feel somewhat sorry.”

Green smiled and said, “I don’t think it’s a bad thing. In any case, through this matter we will gain deeper ties with Laura and the Purcell clan. This is what we call, personal connections, and sometimes, such things are very important. In the past, our clan had fallen because we didn’t have any such contacts. During that crucial time, nobody helped us. It was also due to the fact that we were people of the old king, so if we did have strong connections, then the king might not have entrusted us with heavy responsibilities.”

Zhao Hai understood what Green meant. In the past, the Buda clan had been the old king’s sword that he wielded in his hands. This sword could only be held by the old king. If this sword suddenly had a network of connections, how could the old king have trusted them? When the time comes that the old king didn’t need the sword to be used against those aristocratic clans, then what would happen to the Buda clan?

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That is true. So long as our group of three fight side by side, our relationship wouldn’t be ordinary. Grandpa Green, if there are no incidents, then in two days time, we should go and visit Casa City. What do you think?

Green agreed with a nod. “Yes, we should go and visit Casa City. Some time ago, we had bought things in Casa City and placed them in the warehouse. Young Master, do you think we should place a transfer point there[2]?”

Zhao Hai thought for a moment before shaking his head. “We shouldn’t as we’re already quite close to Casa City anyway. Placing a transfer point in Casa City would be a loss, especially since we can only place ten transfer points. We have already constructed four points, so there are only six remaining. We must save these transfer points.”

Green also thought about it. Travelling to Casa City right now was very convenient for them. No matter if they used Alien or the wind chasing horses, they could arrive in Casa City in a short amount of time. It was better than using the scaled wildebeests from before.

Since they only needed half a day of travel time, setting up a transfer point was an unwanted luxury. Green was very clear that these transfer points had a big role. It represented, aside from being used to gain money, as a method to save lives.

Zhao Hai turned his head towards Green. “After all of these matters have been resolved, we should head for the Beastfolk Prairie. There, we can buy some slaves and sell food commodities to them. It’s also a must to set up a transfer point there.”

Green nodded and said, “I had been to the Beastfolk Prairie several times before. If there are any wars going on, there would be a lot of slave clans. Although the slaves don’t have a high battle efficiency, they are very good at doing labor. Those beastfolk slaves are many times stronger than ordinary human slaves.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He also knew about these beastfolk slaves Green spoke of. The beastfolk race was divided into three classes. The first were the war clans. These were clans that had formidable battle strength. For example, there was the Lion clan, the Tiger clan, the Wolf clan, the Eagle clan, the Snake clan, and so on.

The second clan were the ethnic groups. These clans didn’t have extremely high battle abilities, but they did have a certain level of fighting power. Examples included the Cattle clan, Sheep clan, Pig clan, and so on.

Lastly, the third class were called the slave clans. Their combat effectiveness were the weakest. Examples of them were the Rabbit clan, Chicken clan, Mouse clan, and so on. The slave clans also had a number of humans included, those that had become prisoners of war. Their status was the same as that of a slave clan member. There were also times when a human and a beastfolk married each other, and as such, they had given birth to the new race, that of the half-beast race. This new race also lived as a part of the slave clans.

The beastfolk slave clans had a higher status than that of the Terran slaves. The half-beast race was lower in status than beastfolk slaves, and their status was actually similar to that of Terran slaves.

Naturally, this was all superficial. The reason why the slaves clans were called such among the beastfolk classes was because they had masters. So long as the master wished, the could sell these slave clans at any time.

On the continent, only a few would go and buy slaves from the beastfolk because slaves in the Beastfolk Prairie were not the same as slaves in places like the Aksu Empire.

The beastfolk slaves could not plant anything as they only knew how to herd. As such, these slaves wouldn’t be able to farm, only herd. In the Aksu Empire, however, the primary livelihood was farming and there wasn’t much land like prairies that were suitable for herding. Those who bought beastfolk slaves needed to teach them how to farm. Since they hadn’t been able to learn how to farm, their prices were cheaper compared to local slaves bought on the continent.

This wasn’t a problem for Zhao Hai since his fields didn’t amount to much. Allowing these slaves to study how to farm would enable them to quickly learn the trade.

Farming. Such a subject could be said to be simple, yet for all its simplicities, it also had some difficulties. As long as the elders learn farming then guide and teach the young ones afterwards, after several years, there wouldn’t be a problem.

Zhao Hai wanted to go to the Beastfolk Prairie and have a look. He especially wanted to have a look at the magic beasts in the prairie. If they went there, they could obtain a lot of magic beasts. Perhaps it could even help them upgrade the ranch.

Suddenly, they heard an eagle’s cry in the sky. It flew down and was shown to be an eagle sent by Laura to Zhao Hai. However, it wasn’t red as it hadn’t been in the space when the transformations caused by the upgrades had happened.

Zhao Hai beckoned and the eagle entered the room slowly. Tied to the eagle’s talon was a small bag. This small bag was filled with many things.

Zhao Hai inspected the bag and found that it was stacked full of red paper. Obviously, these were the marriage certificates Zhao Hai had asked for. He examined them and found that the craftsmanship was very good. Zhao Hai gave Green the marriage certificate and he looked at it closely. It was very refined, and the quality of the paper was also very high.

There was also a piece of paper in the bag. This paper contained information Zhao Hai wanted, gathered by Laura’s information network across the Purcell Duchy. Laura’s current influence wasn’t only concentrated in the Purcell Duchy. She could also gather information from other places. However, although she could get them, they wouldn’t be very detailed. As such, Laura hadn’t reported them to Zhao Hai before.

Zhao Hai carefully read the information written, which was packed with details. The situation in Casa City at the moment required various responses, and Laura was on top of them. Although there wasn’t any important matters happening in Casa City, from the intelligence report, Zhao Hai saw a trace of something surging underneath it all.

Obviously, those large merchant firms in Casa City knew about Laura’s movements. These people weren’t fools. If Laura had her own intelligence network, they had theirs as well. Adding in the fact that they had conflict with her in the past, then due to her movements these people began to have their suspicions. Even if they didn’t find anything, these people wouldn’t give up so easily.

In this world, nothing could truly be kept secret. So long as someone looked closely, they would be able to find clues. Many of those from the large merchant clans were aware of Alodia. They knew Alodia was the head servant of Carlo, and was an honored and popular character. Now, however, he had been restrained by Laura. As such, even fools could see something had happened between Laura and Carlo.

With regards to the Markey Dell clan, the large clans on the continent had a certain level of knowledge about them. They also knew of the standing Karen and Laura held within the Markey Dell clan. This time around, the battle between Laura and Carlo was something these large merchant clans thought fun to watch.

Afterward, however, they found something that was a bit off. The Purcell clan was participating in this matter, and that had made the large clans puzzled. Although Laura had helped the Purcell clan, she supposedly wouldn’t be given this much face. If the Markey Dell clan moved, would that mean they dared to go up against the Purcell clan?

With further investigations, they immediately found out Carlo’s goal. It was too obvious. First, Alodia had gone to the Grand Duke’s Mansion to meet with the Grand Duke and had then been detained the following day. Next, Laura had visited Stony Mountain and was ambushed along the way. When she came back, she led an army of undead. If they still didn’t understand the situation, then they surely wouldn’t be based in Casa City.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1] Cause, you know, brainwashing ftw…

[2] The old transfer point in the city was only a temporary one. Chapter 163 is where they bought the place and set it up.





Chapter 203: Cai-er’s Abilities


In all honesty, those large merchant clans within Casa City all had ideas about Zhao Hai. Since their businesses were based in the Purcell Duchy, they knew about the opportunities provided by the Taoyuan products a great deal earlier than Carlo.

Those merchant clans didn’t chase this opportunity as they understood the situation clearly. Their plans during the food crisis had failed because of Zhao Hai’s intervention. Although it could be said that Zhao Hai had done something that had negatively affected them, what he’d done was equal to giving the Purcell clan a large favor. With regards to the Purcell clan, they regarded Zhao Hai with the utmost importance. As such, it was difficult to move against Zhao Hai. Doing so would be the same as slapping the Purcell clan’s face. If they wanted to continue doing business within the Purcell Duchy, then they couldn’t move against Zhao Hai.

In addition, those large merchant clans wouldn’t dare to mess with a black magician. Black magicians were widely known on the continent as tough to handle. If one really messed with them, then one would have to deal with an endless amount of undead. Although they were large merchant clans, if they got entangled with a black magician, losses would be inevitable. Merchants weren’t willing to suffer such unexpected financial losses. They would rather pay attention to harmony and wealth.

To be honest, these large merchant clans didn’t have a very good opinion of the Markey Dell clan. The Markey Dell clan, however, had a great deal of potential and were in the limelight. As such, they didn’t want to offend them.

For this current matter, the large merchant clans just wanted to watch and see what would happen. Although they had made their own preparations, the people from these large merchant clans didn’t think the Purcell clan would be defeated. One side was a large and respectable clan that had a Duchy as their fiefdom. Would they lose against a merchant clan? It was impossible, an unprecedented matter.

Great aristocratic clans had their own circle. This circle wasn’t something the circle of the large merchant clans could compare with. Such a thing was mainly because the aristocratic circle was a great deal more reliable, and had a greater strength behind it. The merchant clans just couldn’t compare.

If the merchant clans had a grasp on wealth, then the aristocratic clans had a grasp on power. Sometimes, even if one could spend their wealth, one wouldn’t be able to buy power. However, if one had power, then it was simple to acquire wealth.

It was precisely because of this that those large merchant clans had made their preparations. They didn’t dare to move against the Purcell clan though. Instead, it was the other way around—they were preparing to deal with the Markey Dell clan.

Don’t just look at them as merchant clans. The actions of the Markey Dell clan had truly been too overbearing and their reputation within the business circle wasn’t good. Unexpectedly, the Markey Dell clan wanted to deal with the Purcell clan at the moment. This was a very good opportunity for the large merchant clans to tidy up the Markey Dell clan. They certainly wouldn’t let such a chance slip by.

* * * * *

The report Laura had sent to Zhao Hai didn’t have such matters written within it. Although Laura’s intelligence network was strong, it was still impossible to pry out such secret matters. While Laura looked like she was spying on those large merchant clans, her actions were just a small trick.

Zhao Hai explained to Green these matters afterward. Green thought that the goal of these large merchant clans couldn’t possibly be to deal with the Purcell clan. They had just recently offended the Purcell clan, so if they moved against them this time, then they’ll have offended them once more. Later on, they wouldn’t be able to do business in the Purcell Duchy. With such thoughts, Green decided that the goal of these clans would possible be to deal with the Markey Dell clan.

Zhao Hai agreed with what Green said. The chatted for a bit, then Zhao Hai wrote a letter of thanks to Laura afterward and readied the eagle.

After setting up the eagle, several Spatial Bags appeared in front of Zhao Hai. He gave a few to Green and the others. These Spatial Bags were the ones Zhao Hai had previously used for storing the seeds bought from before and couldn’t be taken outside[1]. He had used it recently when buying seeds. Since the farmland area in the Space was now larger, Zhao Hai had instructed Cai-er to plant many things. There were many such Spatial Bags. Even with Green and the others each having one, there were still many of them left over.

The Spatial Bags Zhao Hai prepared were all taken out. Naturally, it was impossible for them to use them all, so he was planning to send some to Laura. One must know that spatial equipment was sought after on the continent.

Although the Spatial Bag’s capacity wasn’t that large, the storage space was more than enough for them. If such Spatial Bags were to be marketed on the continent, each bag would cost around a few thousand gold coins.

After he released the eagle, Zhao Hai returned to the Space and went to Fort Iron Mountain. Upon his arrival at the fort, Zhao Hai went out with Green. He intended to look at the area outside Fort Iron Mountain.

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment after seeing the outside of Fort Iron Mountain. He really hadn’t expected that it would be a great deal more beautiful than what he’d imagined. All of the houses were covered with seven-colored flowers, and the most important thing was that all of the windows had been blocked by vines. During the day, those vines would curl up. When evening came, they would automatically roll back down. It was like an automated curtain, and this made Zhao Hai joyful.

Seeing these small vines, Zhao Hai immediately called out Cai-er. Cai-er liked to stay inside the space. Since she herself was a plant sprite, the Space was the place most conducive for plant growth. Naturally, she liked to stay inside the Space.

She was puzzled as to why she was called out by Zhao Hai, so Cai-er asked, “Young Master, what do you want me to do?”

Zhao Hai pointed towards those fine vines and said, “Cai-er, those thin vines are good, but what about winter? Won’t those vines be frozen when winter arrives?”

Cai-er smiled upon hearing Zhao Hai’s questions. “Young Master, you underestimate me. I came from the Devil World, and the environment there is a lot worse than here. That place is a lot colder throughout the year than here on the continent, and I’m afraid of the cold. Don’t underestimate these flowers. These flowers not only emit light in the evening, but also release a certain amount of heat when it is cold. As such, the castle will not have a low temperature during the winter months.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be stunned for a moment. He really hadn’t known Cai-er had such abilities. Cai-er looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and smiled. “Young Master, you don’t truly understand what kind of situation the Devil World is in. If I didn’t have such abilities, then how would I get the respect of the creatures of the Devil World? I will tell you, this isn’t the limit of my abilities. Some creatures from the Devil World eat my leaves and gain increased longevity. These are the reasons why those creatures give such great respect for me.”

Zhao Hai nodded. An idea appeared in his mind. Since Cai-er had such abilities, then when winter came, couldn’t he use Cai-er to build a greenhouse? If such a thing was possible, then during winter, he wouldn’t be able to just plant in the Space, but outside as well.

Zhao Hai gently shook his head and threw away the idea. Now wasn’t the time to think of such things as winter was still far away. So long as he had Cai-er, thoughts about building a greenhouse would be too simple.

Zhao Hai and Green slowly walked out of the castle. They looked at the castle square and the outside of the castle and found that the slaves were very busy.

The vegetables they planted had now grown to become little seedlings. In addition to looking out for pitifully small ones, there was a need to eliminate the extra seedlings. This was so that they could allow the rest of the vegetables to grow and mature as long as they could and become as big as possible.

Looking at the greenery emerging from the ground, Zhao Hai and Green’s mood became particularly good. Green’s eyes were watery as he thought of the first time they’d arrived here in the Black Waste. They were truly in despair then. During that time, he really had no ideas in mind. He just wanted to keep Zhao Hai’s life safe. Who knew that this would be given to them, and that they would reach their current situation.

The two went to the canyon to have a look. The corn planted there was now tall and long. This was due to the special care given by the slaves, which allowed it to grow well. Zhao Hai was satisfied.

Zhao Hai next went to check the blue-eyed rabbits. These blue-eyed rabbits had a very abnormal maturity speed. This may have possibly been due to the Space’s radish leaves that were given as fodder. Those leaves allowed them to mature faster, and thus have a faster reproduction speed. This made Zhao Hai the happiest.

The Black Waste could now be considered on track. It was now possible to support their current population of people and live on the lands of the Black Waste. This was a very good result.

After seeing all this, Zhao Hai and Green returned to the castle. After they sat down, Meg gave each of them a cup of tea.

Zhao Hai drank the tea and sighed. “Now that the day has passed, we have at least achieved a few of our goals. Haha, Grandpa Green, don’t you also think so?”

Green nodded. He smiled and said, “Yes. Ah, today, we have achieved a few of our goals. Haha, after arriving here in the Black Waste, I never dreamed such a day would come. If not for the Young Master’s Space, our Buda clan would have ended.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly. He turned his head over to Green and said, “Grandpa Green, tomorrow, we’ll go to Casa City and see Laura. I want to give her several Spatial Bags and ask her to buy some fingerlings[2] to place in the moat over there. Now that we have Cai-er, the seven-colored vines can be used as fences for the moat, so we won’t need to worry about placing the fingerlings there. The tarn also has many crystal-horned larvae[3]. As such, we can breed the fingerlings there and, later, we can eat fish.”

Green nodded and said, “Indeed. Anyway, Young Master, will you ask Zhao Wen to go into the Carrion Swamp and capture some magic beasts? In any case, she is very familiar with the Carrion Swamp, so there shouldn’t be a problem with that, right?”

Zhao Hai nodded. “Yes, there shouldn’t be any issues. Still, we should be careful. If we let the other magic beasts know of our situation[4], it will be very troublesome for us. Didn’t Zhao Wen say that there were more than ten Rank Nine magic beasts in the Carrion Swamp? If these magic beasts tried to look for us and cause trouble, then that will mean the people on the continent will know of our existence. Then we’ll be in danger.”

Green nodded. Zhao Hai continued, “We’ll just let Zhao Wen do some small-scale magic beast hunting and see what happens later. Anyway, we’ll soon go to the Beastfolk Prairie. That place will certainly have many magic beasts. I believe that when the time comes, our ranch will level up.”

Green nodded. He had been to the Beastfolk Prairie and had some small understanding of it. He knew that there were many unique magic beasts on the continent that thrived there. If they could get those magic beasts into the Space, then the Space’s promotion won’t be that difficult.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1] When Zhao Hai bought seeds from the Spatial Shop, they were placed in a bag and then stored in the warehouse. When he took out the seeds, they appeared with the bag. Now we know what happened to those bags.

[2] 鱼苗 – Yúmiáo. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juvenile_fish

[3] 晶角虫 – Jīng jiǎo chóng. Crystal. Horn, Lower species insects.

[4] … we’ll brainwash them too.





Chapter 204: Karen’s Stinky Face


That night, Zhao Hai told Meirin about their plans to head to Casa City. Meirin didn’t oppose him. On the contrary, she was very supportive of the idea.

Meirin had once dealt with those major aristocrats. She was very clear that if an aristocrat didn’t have any contact with others and just closed themselves up in their domains, they wouldn’t be able to achieve any sort of development. In the past, although the Buda clan didn’t have a proper network of contacts, they still had some dealings with major aristocrats. As such, it was convenient to do such things.

Because of their previous identity, Zhao Hai wasn’t able to make any proper contacts. This was very unfavorable to their future development. Therefore, Meirin hoped that Zhao Hai would head to Casa City and make connections with the honored and popular characters there.

Truth was, Meirin had another plan, one that focused on Laura. Meirin had already decided that Laura would be Zhao Hai’s wife, so she naturally wished for Zhao Hai to have many interactions with her. This would be good in growing their relationship and allow for earlier results.

The next morning, Zhao Hai led Meg and Green out of Stony Mountain and towards Casa City. This time around, Zhao Hai rode upon Alien and they sat comfortably while riding it. Alien was quick, stead, and, when compared to the automobiles Zhao Hai remembered from Earth, more pleasant.

Zhao Hai, however, also released several wind chasing horses that followed behind Alien. This was so that when they reached the gates of Casa City, Zhao Hai could get off Alien and ride the horses before entering the city.

When Zhao Hai arrived, news of him spread throughout the city. At almost the same time he’d entered through the city gates, the news was made instantly known to the city’s large and medium sized forces. One must know that Zhao Hai, towards those major influences and powers in Casa City, was a mystical existence. Everyone was looking for an opportunity to contact him, yet he had hidden himself in Stony Mountain. Due to that, they didn’t have a chance.

Now, Zhao Hai had suddenly came to Casa City. It wasn’t only the large merchant firms, but even Evan was alarmed. Evan, however, wasn’t too agitated. Although he wanted to see Zhao Hai, he was still a Grand Duke, the head of a duchy. Thus, if he went out and received Zhao Hai, then they would lose face.

* * * * *

Laura was naturally the first to receive the news. When she heard Zhao Hai had come, she was surprised. It was only yesterday that she’d sent the letter through the eagle, so how come Zhao Hai came today? Now wasn’t the time to think of such things, however, and she immediately told Nier, “Nier, call Grandpa Quinn John quickly. Inform my father as well.”

Nier quickly complied, turned, and ran.

Laura stood and, with a loud voice, called, “Searle.”

Although Searle was Laura’s guard captain[1], his strength didn’t amount to much. His loyalty and devotion, however, were the things that had earned him the position. He had followed Laura for some time now and wasn’t a warrior without brains. When he noticed that Laura was in the middle of handling an issue, he seemingly turned into a steward rather than a guard captain.

Searle ran in from the outside immediately. He wasn’t wearing his full body armor, but rather, simple warrior clothing. Upon arriving, he quickly bowed to Laura and greeted, “Young Lady.”

Laura nodded and ordered, “Go and open the main entrance quickly. Prepare to greet Mister upon his arrival, then immediately tell the kitchen to prepare a few exquisite dishes. Today, regardless of what happens, Mister must stay and eat with us.”

Searle complied and passed down the instructions. Laura stood and walked to her room. Once she was in her room, she opened her closet and immediately began to pick through her clothing. It took some time before she made her choice. Finally, she decided on her favorite dress, a lunar white princess skirt[2], and put it on.

Quinn John and Karen arrived at Laura’s study but didn’t see her. They asked the servants if they knew where she went, and they all said she’d gone back to her own room. Both of them were wise and fine people, so after hearing the servant’s reply they immediately understood what she was doing. Quinn John couldn’t help but smile as he turned to Karen. “Master Karen, it seems we will have to hurry and prepare a dowry for Laura.”

Karen laughed but said, “I must have a look at this person first.”

For a father, seeing their own beautiful and capable daughter dress up and appear for a smelly boy—it just made Karen’s heart somewhat sour.

Quinn John naturally understood what Karen was thinking about. When Laura’s mother married him, Quinn John also had such thoughts. Although Quinn John wasn’t the father of Laura’s mother, the two men had the same fatherly love for a daughter. As such, Quinn John knew what was going through Karen’s mind.

After he heard what Karen said, Quinn John couldn’t help but laugh. He said, “This is something beyond your control.”

Laura left her room wearing the lunar white princess skirt. The skirt was made of fine spider’s silk and looked very beautiful.

Karen looked at Laura’s appearance and couldn’t help but smile. But after he thought about it and realized Laura was this beautiful because of Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but show a sour expression.

Laura actually didn’t notice this. She stopped in front of the two, twirled in a circle, and asked, “Father, Grandpa Quinn John, does my skirt look pretty? Do I need to change it?”

Quinn John laughed. “You don’t need to change. Our little Laura is the most attractive.” Karen was calm, but didn’t speak.

Laura also noticed that something was wrong with Karen, so she asked, “Father, are you alright? Why do you have an ugly expression? Who made you this angry? Did one of your experiments fail?”

Karen snorted. “I’m fine. I’m well.” After he finished speaking, he walked into the study with a stinky face. This made Laura confused as she didn’t understand what was happening with Karen.

At this moment, a whinnying sound was heard from outside. Then Searle’s voice called out, “Master Zhao Hai, Sir, please come inside. The Young Lady is waiting for you.”

Laura smiled when she heard Searle. Immediately straightening her skirt, she walked towards the front doors. Before she arrived, Zhao Hai and Green had just stopped at the front entrance. The three of them[3] had been riding horses and jumped down, giving the horses to the servants of Faith Mansion. Searle then led the three inside.

Laura quickly collected her skirt and made the noble’s ritual greeting to Zhao Hai, saying, “We welcome the arrival of Mister. Please don’t be offended for having greeted you so late.”

Zhao Hai chuckled. “Miss Laura is too polite. I came here today on a whim. After looking around the city, there wasn’t exactly anything I was going to do. Instead, I have disturbed Miss Laura. Miss Laura, please excuse my rudeness.”

“For Mister to come, it is an honor for Laura,” she replied with a smile. “Mister Ringer, Miss Meg, please come inside.”

Green and Meg also greeted Laura, then Quinn John. Laura, who was full of anticipation, led them to the study room.

Once they arrived at the study, they couldn’t help but stare at Karen who sat there with a stinky face. His eyes were staring at Zhao Hai as if he were an enemy. This made Zhao Hai confused and shocked. He looked down at himself but didn’t find anything amiss. Then he looked at Karen, whom he had never seen before. He really didn’t know how he’d offended Karen.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but pause. He turned towards Laura and asked, “Miss Laura, this is?”

Laura saw Karen’s sour expression, but didn’t think it was the right time to ask him about it. She smiled as she answered Zhao Hai’s question, “This is my father.”

After knowing that this man was Laura’s father, Zhao Hai’s heart tightened. He hastily walked forward and respectfully presented himself with a noble’s ceremony before Karen. “Zhao Hai has seen uncle. I had taken the liberty of visiting, and I hope uncle wasn’t offended.”

Karen, though angry, didn’t abandon his daughter. He also didn’t hold a grudge with Zhao Hai. After seeing that Zhao Hai was humble and polite, he immediately felt embarrassed. He stood quickly and helped Zhao Hai up. “Mister is too polite. You have rescued Laura several times already. For this, I am very thankful to you.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he replied, “Uncle is too formal. I hadn’t seen you before, which was an injustice. I hope uncle won’t mind.”

Laura watched Karen’s reaction and relaxed, then quickly said, “Father, you’re talking to Brother Hai while standing. Quickly, take a seat.” Since there were no outsiders in the room, Laura naturally called Zhao Hai by Brother Hai. After hearing that, Karen’s facial expression became sour once more.

Karen, however, had received an aristocratic education in his youth. Thus, he politely asked Zhao Hai to sit down. Zhao Hai was a bit nervous, but carefully sat next to Karen.

Laura examined the people inside the room. Turning towards Searle, she said, “Searle, draw back for now. Call two undead to guard the door. Don’t allow anyone to enter. Pay attention to every detail and if there is anything urgent, you must call for me personally.”

Searle complied immediately, turned around, and gently closed the door for Laura.

Karen looked at Laura with a bit of confusion. After Laura watched Searle draw back, she turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, there are no outsiders here. Please, take off your hat. Grandpa Green, you can take off yours as well. Meg, don’t just stand there. Take a seat here, quickly.”

Zhao Hai and Green both chuckled. They removed their hat and hard helmet. Karen was shocked upon seeing Zhao Hai’s face as he hadn’t thought Zhao Hai would be this young. He imagined Zhao Hai to be around 30 years old. Reaching Zhao Hai’s current strength at the age of thirty was already an extreme talent. He really wouldn’t have thought that Zhao Hai’s age was even lower than 20 years.

Laura also sat down while Nier gave each of them a cup of tea, then retreated to Laura’s back. Looking at Zhao Hai, Laura smiled and asked, “Brother Hai, have you just come for a visit today? Or do you have some other matter to discuss?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Today, I just came for a visit. There really are no issues that require discussion. Oh, right. I brought several presents.” He waved a hand after speaking and three Spatial Bags appeared in his hands.

Zhao Hai placed the Spatial Bags on the table, then smiled and said to Laura, “This is my present to you. They are Spatial Bags. They have ten square meters of space inside. Go ahead and take a look. Try it out.”

Laura and the others were stunned. They hadn’t expected Zhao Hai would be this generous. Handing out spatial equipment that had no market price on the continent wasn’t something they’d expected.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1] 保安队长 – Bǎo’ān duìzhǎng. Public Security/Security Guard. Team Leader/Captain. I wanted to convert it to something fitting the setting, Guard Captain became the best fit.

[2] You can look it up if you want. 月白色公主裙.

[3] Cause Meg was so hard to write in the previous sentence.





Chapter 205: Sudden Change


Without waiting for Laura, Karen picked up a Spatial Bag and carefully began to examine it. These Spatial Bags looked like ordinary cloth sacks. They were brown colored and had a hemp rope along the opening. Unextraordinary looking, they appeared inferior when compared to a woman’s handbag that was manufactured on the continent.

Such a bag, if one threw it in front of an aristocratic madame or young lady and didn’t tell them it was a Spatial Bag, then they might be afraid to check or even pick it up. It may be possible they wouldn’t even glance at it.

Karen, however, wasn’t looking at these superficial aspects. He was examining the magic arrays[1] placed on the Spatial Bag. Karen was a magic array researcher and mostly liked to study the magic parts of various magic tools. Common space tools, however, had above-average, sophisticated magic arrays. Furthermore, it required a space magician in order to activate its space. This space magician also needed to be of a high enough rank in order to do the job, otherwise, the magic contained within would be pitifully small.

This so-called activation was actually the sealing process. Once a space magician reached a high rank, they could use their magic power to cut apart spaces into subspaces and then seal them. This procedure was also called the activation process.

The magic arrays placed on spatial magic tools, to put it bluntly, was just a very special type of magic seal. Its most important function was to assist the magician when they divided the space into subspaces and help make them independent of one another. This enabled humans to be able to use them at any time.

It was because of this that general spatial magic tools on the continent were made with metal[2]. Furthermore, the tools were made with a variety of metal types, and the quality of the requested metal made it so that the manufacture would be difficult.

These Spatial Bags Zhao Hai had taken out were a type of spatial magic tool that had never before appeared or been heard of on the continent. This had certainly made Karen curious.

Karen took the Spatial Bag and carefully examined it, but didn’t find any special spot on it. He untied the rope that held the bag’s mouth closed and checked it. When he still didn’t find anything special, he frowned and opened the bag.

He struck the bag’s mouth and a projection of a magic array suddenly appeared atop the bag. This magic array projection was blue colored, like the blue light shone from a firefly.

Karen thought about it for a while and rotated the bag. The magic array projection also rotated along with the bag’s movement. Karen made the magic array cover a chair and said, “Collect!”

The chair immediately disappeared. Karen then said, “Place!” and the chair that had disappeared reappeared in its original position.

Karen nodded and said, “Sure enough, the magic used isn’t for sealing, but rather to gather and release. This is a good tool. In the end, I wonder how it was made…?” He’d spoken as if he were lost in his thoughts.

Zhao Hai and the others stared dumbfounded after they watched Karen. Zhao Hai had wanted to explain to Karen the use of the Spatial Bag, but hadn’t thought that Karen would be so unexpectedly intelligent. He had unraveled the function of the Spatial Bag, yet his reaction was too strange, right?

Laura looked at Karen’s expression and immediately knew he’d fallen to focusing on researching the magic array. Now, even if one shouted in his ears, he wouldn’t be able to hear it. She couldn’t help but smile at Zhao Hai. “Brother Hai, don’t worry, my father is normally like this. He really likes to study magic arrays and magic tools. When he starts, he forgets everything around him.”

Zhao Hai examined Karen’s appearance. Karen really did look like one of those crazy scientists. In order to focus on the study of their subjects, they could get so carried away. Such people were worth admiring.

Shaking his head, Zhao Hai said, “Uncle is really such a rare person. It’s precisely because of people such as uncle that the development of magic here on the continent has reached such a degree.”

Laura heard Zhao Hai’s thoughts about Karen and couldn’t help but smile sweetly. She reached out and picked up a Spatial Bag, carefully examining it. Zhao Hai smiled and said, “The use is how you saw. This Spatial Bag isn’t very large, at most about 10 cubic meters. Any more than that and you can’t fit anything else inside.”

Laura happily said, “This is still very good, especially now. Most of the space equipment on the continent is controlled by and in the hands of those great aristocratic clans. Now we have our own. Furthermore, I heard that their space equipment isn’t very large. This is really amazing.”

Zhao Hai smiled. “I am glad you like it. For me, this thing isn’t difficult to obtain. I cannot, however, take out too many as it would be conspicuous.”

Laura nodded and said, “Brother Hai, rest assured, I will not easily reveal such a thing. By the way, Brother Hai, is this the only matter for today?”

“Ah, yes. I visited today for this matter and also to tour Casa City,” Zhao Hai said with a smile. “By the way, I wanted to ask you if you could help me buy some fingerlings. Do you know where to buy them?”

Laura frowned and said, “Fingerlings are easy to buy. I have ways to obtain them. The problem is how to transport them. Fingerlings are very delicate, and because of the distance between their location and Stony Mountain, I’m afraid that for every ten being transported, one can only be saved. This is why I haven’t bought them.”

Zhao Hai smiled. “I see. Originally, it was like this. I say there’s no problem. Please contact the seller and place a few orders. When the time comes, look for me and I’ll take them.”

Laura immediately replied after hearing Zhao Hai, “Alright, I’ll contact them as soon as possible. Once they reply, I’ll send someone to look for you.”

Zhao Hai nodded and was about to say something when suddenly, his complexion changed. He turned and told Green, “Grandpa Green, people are attacking Stony Mountain. Let’s go back immediately.”

Green was surprised for a moment. His complexion then changed and his eyes glazed over. “Good courage, they really came.” He stood up afterward and placed his helmet back on. Zhao Hai also put on his magic hat and the three stood up.

Zhao Hai turned towards Laura and said, “There’s an incident happening at Stony Mountain. I must go back immediately. I will visit again in several days. Ah, right. Please be careful. I’m afraid these people were sent by Carlo.”

Laura and Quinn John also stood, their complexions ugly. While they also thought that Markey Dell clan would send people, they hadn’t thought it would be this fast.

Nodding to Zhao Hai, Laura said, “Brother Hai, rest assured, there won’t be any issues here. Please, you have to be careful.”

Zhao Hai nodded and complied with her words. He led Green and Meg as they left Faith Mansion on their horses and quickly left Casa City.

Once they were outside Casa City, they found a place with nobody around and entered the Space along with their horses. Then they left the Space and appeared in Bluestone Villa’s yard.

The villa was still fairly calm. After all, Cai-er was present and had assumed command. If those people really dared to attack and climb the mountain, then they wouldn’t be able to pass the courtyard since Cai-er was there. They wouldn’t even be able to attack and climb the mountain as there were undead at the base of it.

Zhao Hai and the other two appeared at the villa and immediately traveled to the foot of the mountain. Zhao Hai released both Cai-er and Zhao Wen. Zhao Wen was atop Zhao Hai’s head while Cai-er sat on his shoulder.

Zhao Hai then released the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms. He wanted to have a look and see how many had been sent to attack this time.

The three weren’t worried and slowly arrived at the base of the mountain. They actually didn’t leave the black mist, instead just standing inside. Cai-er waved her hand and a screen-like projection appeared in front of them. Since the area the screen could monitor had increased, Zhao Hai could clearly see the situation outside.

There were a number of mercenaries outside fighting the undead. Zhao Hai hadn’t placed many undead there, but most of them were experts like Zhao Jia, Zhao Shi, and Zhao Jie[3]. They weren’t good to mess with.

More importantly was Buffy, Reo, and the group that was caught by the eagles during the ambush against Laura and were turned into undead afterward. The number in this group was quite large.

Zhao Hai released the eagles as he wanted to see if the opposing side had any reinforcements. These eagles acted as scouts as they flew through the air between Stony Mountain and Casa City. Zhao Hai suspected that the opposite party might possible be using the attack on Stony Mountain as a cover for the real killing move that would have ambushed Zhao Hai’s party on their way back. What they wouldn’t have suspected was that Zhao Hai had the Space and could thus instantly travel back to Stony Mountain.

Soon, the eagles returned and hadn’t found any ambush in the area. This was somewhat contrary to Zhao Hai’s expectations. Although Stony Mountain was being attacked by a large number of mercenaries, about a thousand of them, they didn’t have a genuine expert. There were several magicians, but none of high rank. These magicians were ones that specialized in area of effect attacks, but their magic power was too scarce and they couldn’t keep it up. With Zhao Jia’s team composition, attacking Stony Mountain with such a force was futile. What was this all about?

Zhao Hai told Green the news and Green shook his head. “Young Master, I think we should go back to the outside of Casa City. After that, we can travel for a bit and see if an ambush happens there. What do you think?”

The reason Green suggested this was because there were many ways to avoid reconnaissance in this world. Don’t think of anything else, just using a stealth technique would allow one to evade the view of the eagles. If the other party really wanted to ambush them, then they would certainly use a foolproof approach. It wouldn’t be like the last time when they failed to ambush Laura.

That time, the reason the ambush against Laura was so carelessly done was because they weren’t prepared. They hadn’t thought Laura would be so daring to begin with. This time around, they would obviously make sure to have the proper preparations.

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, we’ll go back and travel slowly. I want to see what they have in store for us.”

After the three returned to the yard, they quickly transported back to the Space and then to the outside of Casa City. They then sat in Alien’s body and quickly dashed towards Stony Mountain.

The reason they had to seem anxious was because Zhao Hai wanted to make them appear as if they were worried. This would then make people think they were anxious to head back and help in the rescue. With no time to look around, they manufactured an opportunity for others to ambush them.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1] 魔法阵 – Mófǎ zhèn.

[2] Easier to place arrays? That seems to be the general crux of the previous parts; the importance of arrays means metals are more useful.

[3] Zhao Shi (赵石) and Zhao Jie (赵杰) were the twin Earth Mages he had turned into undead. Zhao Jia (赵伽) is the Light Element undead made from Garan. The changes in chapter 168, 170, and 189 were done to accommodate the proper name changes. Don’t ask how Jia turned into Gamma… well, I guess you could ask and I’ll reply in comments…





Chapter 206: One Person Becomes a Thousand


While traveling forward, Zhao Hai paid attention to their surroundings through the projection of the monitor. Green and Meg were also attentive. Even if those stealth techniques could deceive an excellent eye, it couldn’t hide from the monitor.

What made Zhao Hai feel strange about was that after traveling for more than two hours, they still hadn’t found the existence of an enemy. If they continue for another half hour more, they would soon arrive at Stony Mountain. By that point, there would obviously be no good places for an ambush.

Green was also a bit unsure and had shared Zhao Hai’s thoughts that they would be ambushed past the halfway point to Stony Mountain. Now, however, they still hadn’t found anyone. This was truly beyond their expectations. He looked puzzledly at the screen and said, “Aren’t they going to ambush us halfway to Stony Mountain?”

Suddenly, a green dot appeared on the screen. Afterward, there was a rapid increase in the number of green dots, the change visible to the naked eye. This made Zhao Hai and the others dumbfounded as they didn’t understand what was going on.

Before long, those green dots had them surrounded. Green seemed to have thought of something and his complexion suddenly changed. “One person becomes a thousand, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows[1].”

Zhao Hai and Meg[2] were surprised for a moment. They turned their heads towards Green with a bit of confusion in their expression as they didn’t understand what he’d meant. Green looked at them and said, “Young Master, you needn’t be confused. There’s actually only one person outside, yet we can also say there are a thousand individuals as well. This person is very famous on the continent as he is a renowned assassin for hire. What’s more important is that this person is a Rank Seven warrior and, simultaneously, a Divergent Warlock.”

“Divergent Warlock?” Zhao Hai and Meg both cried out in alarm at the same time. A couple of days ago, they had just said that Zhao Hai was a Divergent Warlock. They didn’t expect that they would encounter a Divergent Warlock today.

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stop Alien. They were surrounded by a thousand individuals. What was strange about these thousand individuals was that they all wore the same clothing and carried the same weapons. Only their posture as they wielded their weapons were different.

Green, however, was calm this time around. He looked coldly at those silhouettes before turning his head towards Zhao Hai, saying, “Yes, a Divergent Warlock. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows is very strange. He has a very enviable Divergent technique, a doppelganger technique. His doppelganger technique creates sub-bodies that aren’t dummies or illusions but real people. The attacks of these avatars of his are the same as his own attacks, and they also have the same strength as him. What’s more important is that his doppelganger technique can allow his avatars to also use his weapon. I hear he can produce a thousand avatars. As such, he can perfectly be described as ‘one person becomes a thousand’.”

Zhao Hai was surprised. “I really didn’t expect that there could be such a Divergent technique. It’s really too great. No wonder the other side is assured. With a thousand people used to deal with us, if this happened in the past we would have been thrown into confusion. But now? Haha.”

Green also laughed after hearing what Zhao Hai said. Truly, if this had happened before and they met with this Divergent Warlock, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, then it would have been a headache. This wasn’t the case now. Don’t even mention Zhao Hai with his two Rank Nine experts, even if he just used the eagles flying overhead, the quantity wouldn’t be limited to just a thousand.

Smiling, Green said, “Young Master, you must go out and see Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows. Although this person is an assassin, he works quite frankly. Furthermore, he doesn’t hurt the innocent, so he can be considered a good individual, a decent person to meet.”

Zhao Hai showed a faint smile and nodded. He knew that here on the Ark Continent, common assassins were like mercenaries and weren’t truly disliked. Only those that were notorious and evil would be shamed. As such, no one really cared that much about common assassins.

The three of them walked out of Alien’s mouth. They saw the battle formation outside that was composed of a thousand people. The small army all wore leather armor and held a weapon in their hands, looking coldly at Zhao Hai.

These thousand individuals looked exactly the same. Their height was about 1.8 meters or so, and they looked very strong. With messy hair that was uncared for, they had silver-gray eyes that gave one a cold feeling.

The weapons they held were actually two-handed axes that looked quite heavy. They gazed at Zhao Hai and the other two. When the three came out, the sharp eyes of the army flashed.

Green stood beside Zhao Hai, looked at Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, and with a cold voice said, “Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows. I never would have thought we would run into you here. Why? How much of a bounty did they place on us?”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows had already thought he’d been recognized, so he wasn’t startled. Instead, he looked coldly at Zhao Hai and said, “10,000 gold coins.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh. “I didn’t think we were that valuable, how come? Are you confident enough to keep us here?”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows stared at Zhao Hai. He smiled coldly and said, “A thousand against three. I cannot see the possibility of my loss.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly. “Who said it was a thousand against three? Go ahead and look up.”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was surprised for a moment, then looked up at the sky and found that there were many small black spots circling the sky. These black spots were densely packed together. Based on his estimation, they were more than a thousand in number. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows couldn’t keep his complexion from changing.

Zhao Hai looked at Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows’ appearance and couldn’t help but chuckle. “What’s wrong? Now, which side has more people? You won’t think I can’t control them, right?”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows lowered his head, then shook it. “I believe you can command them. However, I have taken other people’s money, so I will naturally need to handle this matter. Kill!” Having shouted that, he flew towards Zhao Hai.

Meg didn’t wait for Zhao Hai and quickly took out the Sealed Magic Iron Tome. An angel instantly appeared over Zhao Hai’s body, protecting him. Zhao Hai also wasn’t idle as he cast an earth elemental magic spell, ‘Ground Thorn Technique[3]‘.

This Ground Thorn Technique was an area-of-effect earth element magic spell. The range was around a hundred meters, but the lethality wasn’t very high. For a common warrior, so long as they could jump, they could avoid it.

Even if it wasn’t an effective attack, at this moment it was effective at blocking his enemies. With Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows momentarily blocked, Zhao Hai held the Ghost Cane and waved it. Stone Giants appeared around Zhao Hai, blocking attacks.

Green didn’t help Zhao Hai get rid of their enemies. To him, this was a rare combat opportunity for Zhao Hai, and Green wanted him to experience it. Anyway, there was still Cai-er and Zhao Wen on Zhao Hai’s side, so Green wasn’t worried about his safety.

At this time, the eagles flying in the sky began their attack on Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows. These eagles screamed as they flew down swiftly. Their present battle efficiency wasn’t weak as they flew awe-inspiringly with killing intent around them.

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows hadn’t thought that Zhao Hai would be so unexpectedly hard to deal with. What’s more was that the information he was given said that Zhao Hai was a black magician. The information hadn’t listed that Zhao Hai could use earth element magic. Moreover, he could command flying magic beasts with blood-red bodies. At a glance, this wasn’t easy to deal with.

After the eagles flew down and attacked Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, he became filled with regret. He hadn’t thought that the battle efficiency of the eagles would be so strong. Moreover, their talons were strange since they could block his axe attacks. He began to feel his battle qi draining fast, faster than its usual consumption. This made Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows secretly complain.

At this moment, Alien looked up into the sky and suddenly roared. It fiercely charged towards Zhao Hai. It was unknown when exactly it had transformed into a large zombie predator. It struck rapidly, not giving Zhao Hai the chance to hide.

Green and Meg were both startled. They had been standing beside Zhao Hai and had absolutely no guard up against Alien. The two would never have thought that Alien would change form at this time.

Just then, Green angrily shouted. Alien threw itself onto Zhao Hai, but instead of crashing into him, it opened its mouth and swallowed Zhao Hai. Furthermore, they didn’t know when but it had suddenly changed into skeleton form. After swallowing Zhao Hai, a sword appeared, piercing straight down onto its head.

Right! A sword appeared above Alien’s head and this sword was very hard. Alien’s head couldn’t help but be pulled downward, sinking together with the sword and into the ground.

Green and Meg now clearly understood what had happened. Originally, Alien didn’t really want to attack Zhao Hai. Instead, it tried to save him. They hadn’t expected that there would be another hidden assassin in the vicinity. That assassin had suddenly attacked Zhao Hai with a quick burst. If not for the timely rescue from Alien, the consequences would truly be inconceivable.

Actually, Green didn’t know that just as Alien took action, Cai-er had already appeared on Zhao Hai’s shoulder and Zhao Wen on his head. Thus, even if Alien didn’t make a move, Zhao Hai wouldn’t have been in any accidents. Since Cai-er and Zhao Wen weren’t large, nobody had felt their presence[4].

With the sudden appearance of the assassin, Alien didn’t have to just save Zhao Hai but also had to take the brunt of the assassin’s attack. One must know, however, that Alien was an undead variation. Spiritual attacks were his forte, so to suddenly move made the other shocked[5].

That person, however, was strictly trained. Thus, when the person found out their attack had failed, he immediately wanted to retreat. Green didn’t give the person a chance. With his Spirit Wind Sword, he charged straight at the person.

Zhao Hai was drenched in cold sweat. He hadn’t thought that the assassin’s stealth techniques would be this fierce. Not even Green[6] had found him.

Thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel his heart tighten. He turned towards Cai-er and said, “Cai-er, help Grandpa Green. Don’t let that assassin run.”

Cai-er complied immediately. With a swift movement, she suddenly appeared beside Green with the use of a Spatial Crack. Several vines extended from the inside of the Spatial Crack and headed straight for the assassin.

This sudden attack greatly startled the assassin. His appearance was that of a person making continuous dodges with great difficulty. Yet, he hadn’t actually thought that those vines would vanish. Just as he was startled, behind him appeared another Spatial Crack and vines stretched forth from it. The person was then bound tightly. These vines had small fibrous roots that were like steel needles stabbing into his body. The person’s endurance was really astonishing. Even with this much pain, he didn’t make a sound.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1] 许万影 – Xǔwànyǐng. One of the worst names to come across. It’s more of a title or something rather than a name. Xu (许) is either standalone, or it can mean promise/praise/allow/betroth. It’s a mess of ideas. Wan (万) is ten thousand, which isn’t a problem since the entire quote uses numbers. Ying (影) is shadows. Now, to transliterate the entire thing wouldn’t work since the Ten-thousand shadows part rather fits him. That means, however, that we can only work with Xu… So in the end, he becomes Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows.

[2] It says Laura here in the raw, but she shouldn’t be here. It should be Green, Zhao Hai, and Meg.

[3] 地刺术 – De cì shù. Ground/Earth (地) Thorn/Pierce (刺), Technique/Art/Skill/Method (术).

[4] I don’t know. A palm sized mosquito sounds pretty big… and a damned mini girl too… you’d think at least Rank Eight Green would have noticed…

[5] Yea, sorry, this was a confusing section. I did my best considering the context. Raws were dumb.

[6] Again, it said Laura, but I’m gonna go with the person with the highest cultivation among the three humans. Cai-er and Zhao Wen actually appeared in response, so they don’t count here.





Chapter 207: Blood Oath


This matter wasn’t finished yet. Those small fibrous roots pierced into the assassin’s body. As though they were regular roots, they began to suck on the flesh and blood of the assassin. In the blink of an eye, the assassin had actually disappeared from the spot.

Zhao Hai and the others were convinced that their eyes didn’t play tricks on them. The assassin was actually gone, only leaving behind tattered clothes and an almost transparent piercing sword. He had completely vanished, not a single trace of skin, bone, blood, or flesh left behind. Completely gone, as if the person had never existed on this world.

The three looked at the spot blankly. After causing the assassin’s disappearance, one of the vines curled around that piercing sword and then vanished into the Spatial Crack.

That assassin was at least a Rank Eight expert. A Rank Eight expert was instantly sucked dry. Had Cai-er really caused the person to disappear in the blink of an eye? The fibrous root hairs didn’t leave behind a single thing. Wasn’t this too formidable[1]?

A thought flashed in Zhao Hai and the others’ head. If that assassin wasn’t a Rank Eight expert, then it wouldn’t have been possible for him to hide from Green. A Rank Eight assassin that wanted too kill on purpose, not even Green would be able to escape.

Such strength, in front of Cai-er, simply vanished from the world. Not even a bit remained. Such a strength made Zhao Hai and the others scared in their hearts.

Zhao Hai turned his head to look at Cai-er’s adorable figure. He suddenly imagined that she’d grown a tail and two sharp horns and became a little devil.

Cai-er looked at Zhao Hai’s appearance, puzzled. “How is the Young Master? What’s wrong?”

Zhao Hai calmed down a bit and said to Cai-er, “Cai-er, did you eat that assassin?”

Cai-er was still puzzled when she looked at Zhao Hai. “What does it mean to eat? He died, so he naturally became fertilizer. I am a seven-colored flower, so what’s wrong with absorbing fertilizer? In the Devil World, after the magic beasts and other creatures die, then except for turning into undead they would try and attract my attention. They would even take the initiative and let me absorb them. What’s so strange about this?”

Zhao Hai was dumbfounded. With regards to Cai-er, it truly was what she’d said. Her main body was that of a plant, and plants didn’t know what was good or evil. They only desired to seek out nutrition in order to grow. Zhao Hai didn’t want to tell Cai-er that what she did was wrong, because Cai-er herself didn’t make any mistakes.

At this time, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows discovered the death of the assassin and his complexion couldn’t help but change.

That assassin had been sent by his employer to help him complete this task, so the commission he obtained was only 10,000 gold coins. For these 10,000 gold coins, he wasn’t entrusted to take Zhao Hai’s life but to distract them and allow the assassin the opportunity to strike out and kill Zhao Hai.

Assassins weren’t fools. To take a life for money yet die in the process wouldn’t earn them anything. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows had previously inquired about Zhao Hai’s strength before taking the assignment. Zhao Hai was at least a Rank Eight expert. Moreover, he had several Rank Eight experts by his side. If 10,000 gold coins was to be used to buy Zhao Hai’s life, then Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows wouldn’t accept such an assignment. The risk was just too great.

The person who had hired him, however, had said that the 10,000 gold coins was just to attract Zhao Hai’s attention. As such, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows accepted the task. Yet now the true assassin was dead. This was the same as saying they had failed their task this time around. Currently, he didn’t want to remain and continue to go all out against Zhao Hai.

At this time, Zhao Hai walked out of Alien with Cai-er on his shoulder and Zhao Wen on his head. There shouldn’t be any more worries.

As he left Alien, Zhao Hai saw Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows and his flying eagles. The shadows soon disappeared slowly. One by one, their numbers decreased until even the last Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows disappeared from the battlefield.

Zhao Hai was surprised for a moment. He immediately understood that originally, only the doppelgangers of Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows were present. The real body, however, was nowhere to be seen.

Green also witnessed the situation and turned towards Zhao Hai. “Young Master, we cannot let him escape. If we let him escape, then outsiders will know of our situation.”

Zhao Hai nodded and ordered, “Zhao Wen, find and capture him.”

Zhao Wen immediately complied and shifted a little, completely vanishing from her previous position.

Zhao Hai had understood what Green meant. If they let Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows escape today, then he would definitely let others know that Zhao Hai had other abilities such as earth elemental magic and the ability to command flying eagles. He would even let them know of the existence of Cai-er. All of this would naturally be exposed. These were cards Zhao Hai kept hidden in his hand, so he naturally didn’t want to let Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows escape. It was better to not let others know of it.

Turning towards Cai-er, Zhao Hai said, “Cai-er, aren’t you going to take out that man’s sword? Go ahead and let me have a look.”

Cai-er complied immediately and the sword appeared in front of Zhao Hai. The materials used for the sword were very special. It seemed transparent and it didn’t reflect light. Moreover, it was extremely thin and the sword was unexpectedly soft.

Zhao Hai took the nearly transparent soft sword. He couldn’t believe that this world would have such a thing. Even on Earth, wanting to make such a sword of similar quality wouldn’t be easy. In the end, how did they much such a sword here on the Ark Continent?

The appearance of the sword looked very sharp. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but take the Ghost Cane and try to knock it against the sword. He wouldn’t have thought that upon the two objects touching, the eyes of the skull on the Ghost Cane would flash with a red light. The skull’s mouth suddenly opened and bit the sword. Zhao Hai didn’t respond fast enough and could only watch as it continued to bite into the sword. One bit after another, the sword was slowly eaten.

Zhao Hai and the others were dumbfounded. They didn’t understand what was happening. At this time, Cai-er turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, the Space has analyzed that the sword is made from some unknown animal’s bone. That animal bone isn’t only sharp, but also hard, as hard as steel. It was eaten by the Ghost Cane, so now the Ghost Cane can transform into that sword at any time. Even if you don’t want it to transform into a sword, you can now make the Ghost Cane either soft or hard.”

This was an unexpected surprise. Zhao Hai was overjoyed. Looking at Cai-er, he asked, “Really? Does the Ghost Can really have such an ability?”

Cai-er smiled. “It didn’t have such an ability in the past, but when Zhao Wen and I entered the Space, it naturally acquired this ability. As such, the Ghost Cane also gained that same ability. Haha.”

Overjoyed, Zhao Hai picked up the Ghost Cane. Looking at its appearance, one wouldn’t see anything special. He could help but hold the Ghost Cane in two hands and try to bend it. He didn’t expect that although it looked hard, the crystal-like Ghost Cane bent like a bow.

Zhao Hai gawked. He loosened his grip and the Ghost Cane returned to its original appearance. Zhao Hai picked up the Ghost Cane and tried to knock it against Alien. A ding-ding sound was heard, reflecting its hardness[2].

Zhao Hai nodded in satisfaction. The Ghost Cane could change according to his will and become soft or hard. Zhao Wen soon flew back from the distance, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows grasped in her forelegs.

Before long, Zhao Wen arrived in front of Zhao Hai. She loosened her grip and threw Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows onto the ground before going back to her position atop Zhao Hai’s head. “Young Master, this guy is really cunning. His main body was a thousand meters away from here. Moreover, he was hiding in the woods which made it really hard to find him.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “If he was easy to find, then we wouldn’t have needed our Little Wen to move personally. Say, Little Wen, what do you want to eat today?”

Zhao Wen had been eating the blue-eyed rabbits the Space produced, but she doesn’t eat much. Moreover, the rabbits were really delicious and had become a favorite of Zhao Wen.

“Rabbit!” Zhao Hai had expected such an answer. Zhao Went was more childish when compared to Cai-er. Cai-er, on the other hand, didn’t have much contact with others so she appeared somewhat naive. Zhao Wen was instead closer to a human child.

Zhao Hai complied with Zhao Wen’s wish. He then turned towards Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows and saw that he’d fainted and wasn’t dead. Zhao Hai turned towards Green and asked, “Grandpa Green, what should we do with him?”

Green was feeling somewhat awkward. Letting Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows live would mean he must keep the secret. Instead of that, they might as well just kill him, turning him into an undead as added security. With this thought, his eyes flashed and he said, “Young Master, only a dead man can keep a secret. We must kill him.”

Zhao Hai’s heart was somewhat uncomfortable, yet he couldn’t blame Green for being ruthless. He just wasn’t accustomed to killing someone who didn’t have the ability to resist[3].

At this time, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, who had been lying prone on the ground, turned over and was now kneeling before Zhao Hai. He said, “Mister, please do not kill me. I am willing to become your slave. Mister, please forgive me.”

Zhao Hai and Green didn’t think Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows would wake up so quickly. They looked at each other, then Zhao Hai turned towards Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows and asked, “Become my slave? Are you sincere? Would you undertake a blood oath?”

Blood oaths were messy, and under a blood oath, one cannot violate their pledge. Otherwise, that person would be punished. This wasn’t Earth where swearing was similar to eating a cabbage. Blood oaths could not be violated afterward, else the blood within their bodies will flow backward. In the end, they will die due to their heart rupturing[4].

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows hesitated a bit, then clenched his teeth. He lifted his hand and bit his finger. This issued the blood oath on the spot. When Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows completed the blood oath, Zhao Hai felt a mystical connection between himself and Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows. Seemingly, it was like his connection with the undead. If Zhao Hai wanted him to live, he would live. If he wanted him to die, he would die.

Watching Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows give his pledge, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, follow me now. We will go back to Stony Mountain.” Turning around, Zhao Hai entered Alien.

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows followed behind and was startled when he entered Alien. He hadn’t thought that Alien would hide such an appearance. He didn’t say anything, however, and just sat honestly behind Zhao Hai. He lowered his head and didn’t dare to make a noise.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1] I don’t understand the shock. In the same amount of time, Buffy could have killed Green several times over as well. We already know the difference between Rank Eight and Nine… this shock is a bit much.

[2] It was already indestructible before…

[3] With his current forces, very few have the ability to resist, yet slaughter ftw.

[4] I’d think you’d die from blood reversal first…





Chapter 208: Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows’s Shock


Zhao Hai didn’t restrict Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows. He turned his head towards Green and said, “Grandpa Green, our previous guess was correct. They besieged Stony Mountain in order to get us to return and provide aid. It seems that as long as we head back, the alarm around Stony Mountain will be lifted.”

Green nodded. He turned towards Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows and asked, “Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, was it the Markey Dell clan that had hired you this time?”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows nodded and said, “I was hired by the Markey Dell clan’s Fifth Young Master, Carlo. My main duty was to assist the assassin by drawing Master’s attention. After that, the assassin would attack Master. I ask Master to please forgive me.”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Before, we were enemies and our positions were different. Those matters mean nothing now. Later on, call me Young Master as I don’t like to be called Master.”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows complied immediately. His heart began to loosen up as he’d feared Zhao Hai might blame this matter on him. Since he was now a slave to a blood oath with Zhao Hai, he knew Zhao Hai had the power to dispose of him. This was the largest thorn stuck in his heart.

Zhao Hai didn’t pay any attention to Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows’ mood. In any case, they would need to buy slaves afterward. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was now bound by a blood oath, so as a slave he was a great deal more loyal compared to bought slaves. As such, Zhao Hai could trust him.

He then said to Green, “It seems that the Markey Dell clan wants to get involved. Even though I don’t think that assassin was from the Markey Dell clan headquarters, but instead from Carlo, this might just be a test. The real attack will soon follow.”

Green nodded. “Maybe Carlo doesn’t want to place such a piece of fat in the maw of the clan, so he probably made this last ditch effort against us. Anyway, the people he sent this time, besides the assassin, didn’t have any masters with them. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was only bought with money, and to Carlo that money simply means nothing to him.”

Smiling coldly, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “If he wants to send people, then let him send them. If he wants to ask others, then I’ll let him do as he pleases. I want to see how much money he’ll spend in the end. Just wait, when the time comes for us to tidy him up, I’ll let Laura take over all of his businesses here in the Aksu Empire. That Markey Dell clan… Hmph. They provoked us, so they shouldn’t feel good about it.”

Green sneered and said, “The Markey Dell clan has been in the scene for too long now and truly think highly of themselves. As for the Purcell clan, what kind of clan are they? They’re a pure, established aristocratic clan, a clan with its own fiefdom and personal army. Can the Markey Dell clan compare with them?

“That said, these past few years, the Markey Dell clan has offended many people. These people are eagerly waiting for an opportunity. At this time, they won’t dare to move against us because they won’t just be offending us, but the Purcell clan. They truly are courting death. Later on, when the Markey Dell clan can’t even dig up their own skin, we’ll surely take a look and see how many benefits we can gain from them.”

Zhao Hai revealed a faint smile. “We don’t have to think about the benefits. The advantage we have is our closer relationship with Laura and Evan. Oh, say, we don’t have much manpower so we can grab that benefit.”

Nodding, Green said, “That’s also good. Haha. So long as the Young Master marries Laura, it will mean we gain the wealth of two people as a result.”

Zhao Hai couldn’t bear to hear this and said to Green, “Grandpa Green, those words can’t be spoken irresponsibly. It will make us look as though we schemed for Laura’s money.”

Green smiled. “We had a part in how they had gotten their wealth as well. Laura has her current status thanks to us. Others might not know, but she clearly understands this. Otherwise, she wouldn’t pay so much attention to Young Master. Ah, right. Young Master, we should notify Miss Laura to save her from needless worrying.”

Nodding, Zhao Hai said, “After we return to Stony Mountain. When we get back, then we can send a letter to Miss Laura. First, we will have to check the situation.”

Green nodded. On the other hand, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was listening closely to their conversation. To be honest, as an assassin, he didn’t need to understand these matters. Furthermore, he didn’t work for the Purcell Duchy, and thus didn’t have any interests in the duchy’s gratitudes and grudges.

Now, however, he was a slave of Zhao Hai’s and thus needed to understand the situation of the duchy. When he heard what Green said, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was startled. This issue unexpectedly involved the Markey Dell clan and Purcell clan. Those two clans were very famous on the continent. A bad step would mean dire results.

After thinking about the situation, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows didn’t feel angry. Instead, he felt a bit lucky. If he did successfully deal with Zhao Hai this time around, then the Purcell clan would know of it and he’d be finished. The Purcell clan wouldn’t be polite to him. Even if he were a Divergent Warlock, he feared it would be difficult to run from them and he might actually die.

As they spoke, the group had almost reached Stony Mountain. Zhao Hai began to hear chaotic war cries, but he didn’t stop Alien from moving forward. They continued on straight to Stony Mountain[1].

Cai-er, who was sitting on Zhao Hai’s shoulder, waved her hand and a screen projection appeared before them. They all examined the screen and didn’t notice Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows’ shock.

This was the first time Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows had seen a monitoring device that could project such a thing. What he didn’t know was that the screen in the Spatial Villa was a great deal larger than this. It was the size of a person and had a crystal clear quality.

Zhao Hai carefully observed the situation. The dressed up mercenaries weren’t that strong. As such, they couldn’t charge into the mountain and many of them had died already.

Looking at the map above the projection, he found several green dots that stayed at the opposite side of the mountain, unmoving. Evidently, this was where they commanded the fight.

When Zhao Hai pointed out these green dots, the projection turned. Those few green dots began to enlarge, and Zhao Hai soon found the position of these green dots. Some of the dots then turned into three black magicians.

These three black magicians, along with two mercenaries, were standing to the side of Stony Mountain. They were looking at the mountain, and also at Alien.

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was dumbfounded after seeing all this. It was truly beyond his imagination. He wasn’t a person who never had contact with a magician. On the contrary, to complete his assignments he had to regularly work with magicians. However, he had never seen magic like Zhao Hai’s.

He truly thought that Zhao Hai was using magic. On the continent, magic was really mysterious. No matter what abilities people had, unless it was extremely abnormal, it would be considered magic.

In the past, he had seen magicians using reconnaissance magic before, but that kind of magic can only inform the magician casting it. When listening to the magician’s description of the situation, it would always seem vague or unclear.

Zhao Hai’s ability was completely different. Everyone could see the real individuals, and even their movements were clearly shown. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows even saw the individual hairs on the back of a black magician’s hand.

Zhao Hai was carefully examining those three black magicians when Green breathed in deeply and said, “This Carlo is really attentive. This time around, he even searched for three black magicians to deal with us. It seems like they want to use those three black magicians and have them deal with Young Master’s undead. Haha. This was a good idea.”

High ranking black magicians could steal a low ranking black magician’s summoned creatures, especially the native kind of undead[2]. The only thing was that their rank must be sufficiently high enough. This was because they weren’t only dealing with the black magician, but with their undead as well. It was equal to fighting against the spiritual attacks of two individuals.

Carlo, however, took the time to look for those three black magicians in order to deal with the undead. They were told to leave Zhao Hai to the forces while they specifically dealt with the undead. Without Zhao Hai, dealing with the undead would be a lot easier.

On the other hand, Zhao Hai wasn’t actually worried about his undead since they were different from the common undead on the continent. Furthermore, their own ranks were high, so even if he hadn’t subdued them, the three black magicians would probably have trouble taking control of them anyway. Right now, it should be impossible.

Zhao Hai showed a faint smile as he said, “Should we let them be? Or how about letting them join the company of Zhao Zui? Since we sent Zhao Zui and his team to Laura, the available manpower we have on our hands is a bit short.”

Green smiled. “Let them go and tell Carlo about our situation. Since Carlo hasn’t given up yet, this will also let the Markey Dell clan know we aren’t easy to deal with.”

“That’s fine as well,” Zhao Hai replied with a smile. “That kind of person can’t produce anything that can threaten us. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, go out and repel those mercenaries.”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was surprised for a moment. He hadn’t thought that Zhao Hai would call him. He immediately complied and left Alien. After leaving, he conveniently picked up a large sword off a mercenary soldier and activated his doppelganger technique. Then he went straight off towards those mercenaries, slaughtering them.

Green was confused. Looking at Zhao Hai, he asked, “Young Master, why did you send out Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows when you could have ordered the undead to easily solve the mercenaries?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly. “Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was sent by Carlo to deal with us. Now that he suddenly lifted his hands against those mercenaries, what do you think Carlo will feel from this? He may consider that Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows had betrayed him and wouldn’t let him off. In case this happens, then Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows can only rely on us, else death awaits him. Although I had used the blood oath to restrain him, it’s better if he personally cuts off his past and feels good when staying with us.”

Green was surprised for a moment. He hadn’t thought that Zhao Hai would think of this. Zhao Hai was also right. Although Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was bound by a blood oath and wouldn’t betray Zhao Hai, he wouldn’t be loyal from his heart. Even if he doesn’t dare to betray Zhao Hai now, if he doesn’t work to serve them, then it might be possibly that he would do anything he can to make things troublesome for Zhao Hai.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1] “Don’t mind us, we are figments of your imagination. Go back to killing dead people.”

[2] So undead made on the continent and not just neutrally summoned from somewhere else.





Chapter 209: Identity


As Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows left, Zhao Hai didn’t pay anymore attention to him and instead focused on the black magicians. He wanted to know what plays the black magicians would use. Since Carlo had sent them to deal with him, their ranks shouldn’t be low. What method will they use?

Just as he was thinking this, Alien suddenly began to shake. Zhao Hai was surprised, then immediately understood. The opposite party was trying to control Alien in order to deal with them. This somewhat surprised Zhao Hai, but he decided to wait it out. Since the opposite party knew they were inside Alien, they must of thought of dealing with Alien first. So long as they controlled Alien, they could then move against Zhao Hai and the others who were inside this undead.

They really did have a good scheme, but this scheme wouldn’t be able to achieve their goals. First and foremost, they didn’t know of Zhao Hai’s greatest cheat, the Space. Alien itself was already hard to deal with as it was a variation type of undead. Those fellows looking at Alien should soon feel they have bad luck.

To be safe, however, Zhao Hai brought Green and Meg into the Space, then to Bluestone Villa. They sat around the living room and examined the situation outside.

Alien was apparently quite irritated. He had obviously found out that the other party wished to deal with him. Moreover, since Zhao Hai left, Alien could feel relieved and move against those black magicians without a care. Therefore, once Zhao Hai left, Alien immediately threw itself in the direction of those three black magicians.

Zhao Hai watched Alien’s actions and didn’t say anything. If those three black magicians escaped, then things would be easier. If they didn’t, then they should just stay and become Zhao Hai’s slaves.

Meg took a pot of tea and poured some for Zhao Hai and Green, then sat with the other two and quietly watched the screen with them. At the moment, there were over a hundred casualties among the mercenaries. Furthermore, they still couldn’t break past the foot of Stony Mountain. This had begun to make them fearful.

Zhao Hai was afraid that the other side might find out too much, so he didn’t release the eagles and have them help in the defense. He entrusted everything to the undead and had them deal with the enemies.

He didn’t really care about the situation on the battlefield. They just wanted to see whether Alien could tidy up those three black magicians.

The three black magicians apparently hadn’t expected that Alien would find their location, or that it would charge them. They didn’t know that Zhao Hai and the others were already gone and could only feel flustered.

They began to panic and threw an attack at Alien. Alien itself understood spiritual magic, so it knew what to do at this time. Strengthening its own spiritual power, it immediately released a spiritual counter-attack at the three black magicians.

One must agree that Alien was definitely intelligent. Zhao Hai hadn’t ever taught it how to fight. Instead, it seemed to instinctively understand how to defend itself and counter-attack. Before it was assaulted, it hadn’t displayed any strong spiritual attacks, but now it could hold its own and stay undefeated. Because of the results of their attacks a few moments ago, the three black magicians were confused and their actions became delayed. Alien then released its spiritual counter-attack, which the three black magicians were unable to dodge.

A spiritual counter-attack was the most dreadful move against a magician. The damage wouldn’t be light, but have high consequences. For instance, the entirety of their cultivation could be wasted, or they could become a disabled person or even an idiot. Lastly, they could possibly die. These consequences were not light in the least.

Alien’s spiritual counter-attack, this time around, wasn’t light and heavily impacted the three black mages. The three’s appearance shook and they were swept off their feet. The mercenaries with them saw what had happened and immediately stepped back. When they looked at the three black magicians, all they saw were pools of blood and a lack of aura.

This made the two mercenaries greatly surprised. They were shocked at Alien’s spiritual attack and quickly ordered the retreat. After giving this command, they ran as fast as they could and didn’t even bother to tidy up the corpses on the ground.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly. “It seems that now, we have three more assistants. Meg, call Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows back.”

Meg complied and quickly walked down the mountain. She knew that if Zhao Hai didn’t give his consent, then Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows wouldn’t be able to climb the mountain. Nevermind the fact that he was a Rank Seven warrior, even if he were a Rank Eight warrior with a thousand doppelgangers, he still wouldn’t be able to breach through and climb the mountain.

* * * * *

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows looked at the retreating enemies and took back his avatars. He then stood at the foot of the mountain. Upon Alien’s arrival on the mountain, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows still thought Zhao Hai and the others were inside it.

When Alien arrived at the mountain, it held three dead black magicians in its mouth. After spitting them onto the ground, it laid down at the foot of the mountain and shut its maw. This made Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows confused, and he didn’t know what to do. As such, he just stood there and waited with Alien.

At this time, the mists around Stony Mountain fluctuated. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows quickly looked in that direction to see who was coming out. What he saw was the silhouette of a human. Then he was shocked. He hadn’t expected that the one to come out would unexpectedly be Meg.

Meg looked at Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows and said, “Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, the Young Master wishes to talk to you within Stony Mountain. Come and follow me.” She then turned and walked back up the mountain. Alien ran several steps forward before falling in behind Meg. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, although confused, didn’t say anything and just followed Meg in.

As they walked, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was sizing up the situation. They were surrounded by black mists and couldn’t see anything past it. He didn’t know how many undead were within the black mist. This made him afraid to take a wrong step and he followed Meg closely.

Before long, they arrived at Bluestone Villa. Upon seeing Bluestone Villa, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was stunned. The beauty of the villa was beyond his imagination. He thought that Bluestone Villa would be like the rest of Stony Mountain; covered with black mists, gloomy, terrifying. He wouldn’t have thought that this place would be like a flower garden.

Those vines with seven-colored flowers gave people a sensation of beauty. It felt like walking through a dream. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows couldn’t help but pause outside Bluestone Villa and stare blankly.

When Meg heard the footsteps behind her pause, she couldn’t help but turn around and check. She found Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows staring at the villa’s seven-colored flowers with a blank expression. Meg couldn’t hold back her smile as she said, “Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, you can look at it later. Let’s go in quickly, the Young Master is waiting for us.”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows recovered and busily complied. He followed Meg[1] into the courtyard. To be honest, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was a bit unhappy with Meg’s attitude. As a maidservant, they should be on the same level[2].

He didn’t dare to openly display his thoughts, though. He had only just joined Zhao Hai and didn’t yet understand his temperament. At this time, there wouldn’t be any advantage in offending Meg.

After crossing over to the courtyard, Alien found a place and laid down on its tummy. Meg led Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows through the backyard, then into the parlor room. Upon entering the parlor room, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was surprised to see Zhao Hai’s and Green’s appearances.

Zhao Hai and Green had taken off their hat and helmet. They didn’t need to use those within Stony Mountain. Furthermore, they didn’t fear that Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows would spread the word. If he dared to violate the oath, then it was equivalent to courting with death.

What surprised Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was Zhao Hai’s age and Green’s current appearance. Green and Zhao Hai were sitting, facing one another, drinking tea. They chatted quietly as they did so. Looking at this magician and follower, it seemed as though they were family.

Zhao Hai looked at Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows and said, “Welcome back.”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows recovered and hastily bowed to Zhao Hai. “Yes, Young Master, what is your command?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I don’t have any other order for you. Since you did a good job, and are now my follower, I’ll let you know of my identity.”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows stood there with a lowered head, but his heart wasn’t tranquil. To be honest, he wasn’t happy to be a follower of Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai hadn’t told him who he was, nor what he did. The situation, however, revealed that he was stronger than others, so he could only become Zhao Hai’s slave and make the blood oath.

And now, with what Zhao Hai said, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows couldn’t help but whisper some words of suspicion within his heart. Zhao Hai saying this meant he probably had another identity, but in the end he couldn’t think of what other identity he might have.

Zhao Hai looked at Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows and said, “Since you had pledged yourself under a blood oath, we are now locusts tied to one rope[3]. As such, I’m not afraid to tell you. If I told you my identity and said that you wouldn’t be able to stay in the Aksu Empire for even a day after knowing it, would you be afraid?”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows couldn’t help but jump. He quickly knelt on one knee and said, “Please be relieved Young Master. Although I, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, am an assassin, I meant what I had said. I said I would follow the Young Master, and thus will be loyal to the Young master. Please, rest assured, Young Master.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “Good. Remember your words. Now, listen up. My former name was Adam Buda, and I have changed my name to Zhao Hai Buda. I am the Buda clan’s current patriarch.”

Shocked, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows couldn’t believe what he’d just heard as he looked at Zhao Hai. He hadn’t expected Zhao Hai to say he was of the Buda clan.

The Buda clan was very famous on the continent. It wasn’t because of anything but the fact that they had been placed in the Black Waste by the Aksu Empire. After so many years, that place had finally become the fiefdom of an aristocratic clan. Due to this, the Buda clan became famous quite easily.

Furthermore, he had heard that the Young Master of the Buda clan was a dandy, and that he had drunk the Water of Nothingness. How could such a person sit in front of him, wearing black magician robes with a reputation of being a black magician? How could this Zhao Hai use earth elemental magic?

Watching Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows’ reaction, Zhao Hai said, “You needn’t be suspicious. I am Adam Buda. Now, however, I have changed my name to Zhao Hai Buda. This is our clan’s Head Steward, Spiritwind Battle General Green Buda, and his granddaughter, Meg Buda.”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows now believed it as he hastily greeted Green. In the past, Green was a famous Rank Eight expert on the continent. As such, he had previously heard of his reputation, yet hadn’t seen him before. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows then greeted Meg. Now he knew why Meg was arrogant; it was because she had the capability of being so.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1] This one says Meirin, but where did she pop up from?

[2] Eh, slave with literally no freedom versus a maidservant… Reality check, please.

[3] A previously used idiom!!! For those who forgot: http://www.standardmandarin.com/idiom/literally-like-locusts-tied-to-one-rope-idiom





Chapter 210: Southern King


Although Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows didn’t know that Meg was a Rank Six magician, just the fact that she was Green’s grand-daughter was enough for her to be prideful.

Green’s importance within the Buda clan was something known by most on the continent. If it weren’t for Green and Meirin, then the Buda clan would have been extinguished long ago. Due to this, after he heard that Meg was Green’s grand-daughter, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows’ tiny feeling of dissatisfaction within his heart vanished.

Zhao Hai looked at Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows and said, “Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, I have told you my identity. This means that I regard you as one of my people. You have pledged a blood oath, which means you cannot betray me in this life. I do hope, however, that you can become one of my genuine confidants.

“I am not afraid to tell you that although I drank the Water of Nothingness, I am still a Divergent Warlock and I also have a way to resolve the toxin. In the future, I will revitalize the Buda clan. So long as you help me, I won’t mistreat you. But if you only want to work and not strive hard on my behalf, to become aloof and act slippery, then don’t blame me for being impolite.”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows bowed and said, “Young Master, please feel relieved. I, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, had vowed to follow you. I will naturally help Young Master.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He turned towards Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows and said, “Come with me.” Standing up, he walked out of the room.

While Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows didn’t understand what Zhao Hai was doing, he still followed him. Before long, he walked outside and saw a large number of undead. These undead were zombies, and Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows knew that they were undead from their stiff facial features. Some of the zombies were wounded, yet there wasn’t a drop of blood flowing from them. They all just stood there with wooden faces.

Each of them held one or two corpses. Zhao Hai looked at several corpses, which were the dead black magicians. He cast his Spirit Trap technique[1] and turned the black magicians into high-level undead. Then he cast the Bone Forging technique[2] and turned the mercenaries into low-level undead[3].

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows still couldn’t understand what Zhao Hai clearly meant, or why Zhao Hai had made him observe this. Zhao Hai smiled and put all of the undead into the Space.

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows saw rays of light flash in the courtyard before all of the undead vanished. While he was in a daze, the undead reappeared with major changes.

Zhao Hai’s previous skills, whether they were the Spirit Trap or Bone Forging technique, both turned the corpses to skeletons. The undead taken out were now zombies, and the wounds of the previous zombies had already been restored. This startled Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows.

Turning towards the three black magicians, Zhao Hai said, “You three, what are your names?”

One of the zombie black magicians immediately stepped forward. It bowed and said, “Young Master, I am called Lycra[4]. These two are my junior disciples, Trey[5] and Mike[6].”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Come with me. I have matters I need to ask of you.”

After saying that, he turned around and walked back towards the villa. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was shocked after seeing the three black magicians.

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows had seen zombies before. When he was working as an assassin one time, he’d had to cooperate with a black magician. The black magician’s summoned creature was a zombie, but the black magician’s zombie wasn’t as intelligent as Zhao Hai’s zombies. They simply didn’t look like the general kind of zombies. If not for their wooden expression and the fact that their eyes didn’t wander, they would have seemed like ordinary people.

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows suddenly understood what Zhao Hai wanted him to see when he’d asked him to come out. These zombies appeared similar to humans, and they definitely didn’t have an issue in loyalty. They wouldn’t be aloof and act slippery. Zhao Hai was telling him that if he dared to laze about and take his status for granted, then there wasn’t a problem in turning him into a zombie.

As he thought this, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows’ heart couldn’t help but start. He looked at the zombies, then at the villa Zhao Hai had just walked into. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows couldn’t help but shiver. He didn’t dare to hold such ideas and lightly stepped up behind Zhao Hai. As he stood there, he became as well-behaved as those undead.

Zhao Hai saw Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows’ reaction and gave a faint smile. He didn’t say anything more to him and instead asked Lycra, “Lycra, whose subordinate are you?”

Lycra bowed and said, “Answering the Young Master, we are subordinate to the Southern King, Boric Aksu[7].”

Lycra’s answer was unexpected, causing Zhao Hai and Green to freeze. They hadn’t thought Lycra would actually be Southern King Boric’s man.

One could say that Southern King Boric had a lot to do with the Buda clan’s origins. The Southern King was part of the imperial clan, and it was said he was of the direct bloodline of the founding emperor of the Aksu Empire.

The founding emperor of the Aksu Empire had twenty-one children, but only two were said to be direct descendents born of the founding emperor and the empress. The first direct descendent was the founding emperor’s third son and became the Aksu Empire’s King, while the second was the eleventh son of the founding emperor, the first Southern King.

Since the Aksu Empire’s founding emperor liked his eleventh child very much, he had wanted to pass the throne to him. Due to the opposition of the empress and the ministers, however, he was required to pass the throne to his third child. But since the emperor considered the eleventh child to be the emperor, he gave the southern area of the Aksu Empire to him and titled him the Southern King. This was an hereditary function, and was thus inherited by his blood.

After many years of development, the King in charge of the southern areas then became an independent King. He had an army of several hundreds of thousands. Since they bordered a powerful nation, the continent’s first power, the Rosen[8] Empire, they were involved in numerous skirmishes from time to time. As such, the army’s battle efficiency was formidable. This situation gave the previous Aksu Empire Kings heart disease[9].

Originally, the Aksu Empire’s previous King wanted to deal with Southern King Boric. Thus, he had made up an excuse in order to give the Buda clan a fiefdom within Boric’s territory. He wanted the Buda clan to become a nail that stuck securely within the south. What he hadn’t expected was that soon after he died, the Buda clan would be pushed into the Black Waste and their territory returned to Boric.

While Green had always thought that the death of the previous King had some unclear relationship with Boric, their present situation had a very clear and definite relationship with him.

Now that they’d heard Boric’s name, Green’s complexion couldn’t help but change, and killing intent appeared around him. Zhao Hai’s complexion didn’t seem well either. Although Zhao Hai himself didn’t know much about the matter, it was Adam who had some impression of it. As such, Zhao Hai also knew of it.

Turning, Zhao Hai and Green both looked at one another. Besides killing intent, they both saw shock on the other’s face. This issue had some relation with the Southern King. It wouldn’t be easy to solve anymore.

“Since you are a subordinate of the Southern King, how come you are helping the Markey Dell clan?” Zhao Hai asked. “In the end, how is this matter possible?”

Lycra replied, “Answering the Young Master, we are subordinates of Boric, but so is the Markey Dell clan’s Carlo. Carlo had entered the Aksu Empire not so long ago and has joined with Boric to increase his wealth. The matter this time was Boric saving Carlo. Boric sent us to help Carlo deal with the Young Master along with the assistance of Shadowless Sword[10].”

Zhao Hai guessed that Shadowless Sword must have been the piercing sword using assassin. Unexpectedly, these four had been Boric’s men.

Green pounded the table. With a gloomy voice he shouted, “Good, Boric! Also good, Carlo! We truly have destiny with one another. Even up till now, you actually won’t let us off.”

While Zhao Hai had an ugly expression, he wasn’t too agitated. He turned towards Green and said, “Grandpa Green, don’t be too excited. Boric doesn’t know he’s dealing with us this time around, otherwise, he wouldn’t send Rank Eight experts. Instead, he’d definitely send Rank Nines in order to fish us out.”

Green snorted and sat back down. Zhao Hai turned back to Lycra and asked, “Lycra, do you know how many other experts are under the influence of Boric and have become his subordinates?”

Lycra said, “Boric currently has many experts under him. There are about a hundred Rank Eight experts and five Rank Nine experts that I know of, with the addition of Carlo’s influence. There are also a few mercenary groups that I am unsure of. This time, if we didn’t agree to cooperate with Carlo, then I’m not sure he’d even tell us about Carlo’s identity.”

Zhao Hai nodded. What he’d just been told was in line with Boric’s style. He waved his hand, allowing Lycra and the others to draw back. Turning his head to Green, he said, “Grandpa Green, we must tell this matter to Laura and Evan. This opponent is too strong, and we must find a way to change our methods.”

Green nodded. “Boric isn’t easy to deal with. He’s a villain that seeks revenge for the slightest grievance. Our Buda clan’s current situation was all due to him. Since we have killed many of his subordinates today, he will certainly not give up. We need to prepare ahead of time.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “We should help with the preparations. Oh, right. I’ll send a letter to Laura and tell her of this matter. We’ll then see what kind of reaction she’ll have. If things don’t work, then we will have no choice but to make a temporary compromise.”

Green nodded. He was truly sad after hearing of Boric’s strength. Boric had five known Rank Nine experts. Adding in the hundred Rank Eight experts, and such strength was greater than the Purcell clan by a hundred times. Even if they combined with the Purcell clan, they wouldn’t be comparable with Boric. Moreover, Boric had won the allegiance of many surrounding aristocrats, and each of these aristocrats had strength one couldn’t underestimate. In such a case, they could only come to a compromise, and this depended on the Purcell clan.

The Purcell clan, after all, was still an aristocrat of the Aksu Empire. Perhaps they wouldn’t wish to go against Boric. If the Purcell clan withdrew, then the possibility of them winning would be nil. Only then would they make concessions. Not only would they draw back, but they feared that Laura would have to retire.

Thinking about such matters, Zhao Hai felt frustrated. They had made many improvements at this time, but they suddenly found themselves up against an untouchable figure. This feeling was truly rotten.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1] 困灵术 – Kùn líng shù. Trap. Spirit. Technique/Method/Art.

[2] 锻骨术 – Duàn gǔ shù. Forging. Bone. Technique/Method/Art.

[3] The difference between low and high is intelligence. High level undead have greater intelligence while low ranking are the equivalent of fodder troops. Everyone should be Rank Seven though.

[4] 莱卡 – Láikǎ.

[5] 特雷 – Tè lé.

[6] 麦克 – Màikè.

[7] 南方王博里奇阿克苏 – Nánfāng wángbólǐ qí ākèsū. Nanfang = South Direction. Wang = King. Boliqi = Boric. And akesu is obviously Aksu, the same as in Aksu Empire.

[8] 罗森 – Luō sēn. Could also be Rothen, Lawson, Rozen. You get it. Rosen sound nice though.

[9] Not, like, literally. Well, maybe literally. Politix…

[10] 无影剑 – Wú yǐng jiàn. If you’ve noticed, 无影 are the same two characters used before in Night Shade (夜无影). As said in that description, the name of Night Shade could also have been Night Shadowless, but since the name didn’t sound right, we changed it to Night Shade. In this, the term Shadowless Sword was fine, so we left it as is. Shade Sword also didn’t sound right, so…





Chapter 211: Blood Still not Cold


Zhao Hai and Green stood in the courtyard of Bluestone Villa, looking up at the flying blood-red eagle in the sky. It had eyes filled with intolerance and a powerful pressure that could not be helped.

It wasn’t until the blood-red eagle disappeared without a shadow that the two of them returned to the parlor room. Meg served them some tea, but Zhao Hai and Green weren’t in the mood to drink. Zhao Hai turned to Green and asked, “Grandpa Green, do you think the Purcell clan would help us? I think it’s best to not recklessly confront Boric. Our current strength is still too weak. The time to fight isn’t now.”

Green nodded. “Yes. Ah, it is indeed too reckless a time. I also think that we should make a temporary compromise. It’s for the best. If we let Boric know of our identities, then we won’t be able to stay for even a day in the Aksu Empire. As for the Purcell clan, there wouldn’t be any trouble. After all, they are still a major aristocratic clan and moving against them would cause a great deal of trouble. Unfortunately, I fear Laura will be in trouble.”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly. “It seems that this time, we have caused a large amount of trouble for Laura. It’s enough when it were only the Markey Dell clan pressuring us, but now, with the Southern King, I fear Laura won’t be able to stay in the Purcell Duchy anymore.”

Green also smiled strangely. Behind Zhao Hai, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows felt somewhat strange. When Zhao Hai found out the Southern King was behind the attack, although he seemed worried, he acted more worried about others rather than himself. He didn’t seem to care about his own safety, but why? Did they have a method to preserve their own lives?

Zhao Hai suddenly stood up and turned to Green, saying, “Grandpa Green, I think going to Casa City will be better. Just writing a letter will make it difficult to explain things. This situation is truly too big, and it will affect aspects of our relationship.”

Green nodded. “I also think it’s better to discuss this matter face to face. Alright, let’s go to Casa City.”

Meg looked up at the sky and said, “Grandfather, Young Master, it’s quite late now. I think it’s best to go tomorrow. Something bad might happen if you go this late.”

Green and Zhao Hai looked up at the sky. It really was quite late. If they traveled to Casa City now, then it would be dark by the time they reached it.

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, it seems we’ll have to go tomorrow. This is also fine, it gives Laura the night to arrange her things. I think Laura will also share this information with Evan. By the time we go tomorrow, we’ll know Evan’s response.”

Green nodded. Turning towards Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, he said, “Do we bring Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows?”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows looked at Green, confused. He didn’t understand what Green meant, but Zhao Hai did. With a low voice, Zhao Hai murmured, “If employers do not suspect, then there will be no suspicion. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows is under a blood oath and is now a clan member. This issue is something we should tell him as well.”

Green nodded, which just made Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows’ mind more muddled. He didn’t make much noise, however, as he did at least understand Zhao Hai’s underlying meaning. It seemed Zhao Hai had an even greater secret.

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was somewhat touched. He was of humble birth, and only later went to school and studied martial arts. When he became a Rank Four expert, however, his family met with an accident. An aristocrat had seized his family’s property. His father was killed on the scene while his mother was beaten until she vomited blood. As for his sister, she was caught and tortured to death by the aristocrat.

When Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows heard what had happened, he went all out against the aristocrat. He was seriously injured in the end, however, and his wounded body had been dragged back by his mother. She took care of him until she died of exhaustion.

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was stimulated by his mother’s death until suddenly, he gained a Divergent Technique, his present Incarnation skill[1]. Yet, he still wasn’t a match for that aristocrat and therefore ran away. He became a mercenary and did tasks in order to earn money as he crazily cultivated. Finally, he had reached Rank Six and massacred the aristocratic clan. During that time, he wasn’t only a Rank Six expert but could also produce four hundred avatars. That aristocratic clan was only a minor one and didn’t have any strong experts on its side. Thus, it was extinguished by him.

After getting his revenge, he became an assassin and slowly made a name for himself. There were many aristocrats that wished to win him over, but he didn’t agree since he hated the aristocrats.

Wandering for several years, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows soon found that it was difficult being a solo warrior. As such, he tried to make a few friends, especially with excellent magicians.

Afterward, he chanced upon the identity of a magician he was on good terms with and found out that the magician was an aristocrat. The magician invited Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows to join his clan and after some thought, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows finally agreed.

What he didn’t think was that after joining the magician’s clan, the magician wouldn’t actually trust him. The magician didn’t reveal anything about his clan and, worse, sent someone to monitor him.

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows left the clan in a rage. He became a freelance mercenary and didn’t trust anyone anymore. He became a solo merc. If a cooperation was needed, then he would just form a temporary team and didn’t wish to stay a team member forever.

After hearing Zhao Hai’s words of ‘If employers do not suspect, then there will be no suspicion,’ Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows felt his heart being persuaded. Although he was still forced to be a part of Zhao Hai’s clan, those words uttered by Zhao Hai really did move him a great deal.

If Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows were a cold-blooded killer and his heart was dark, then he wouldn’t have thought that pledge under the blood oath would be enough to gain Zhao Hai’s trust. He also remembered that previously, he’d attacked and lost to Zhao Hai, so he shouldn’t be trusted.

He wasn’t a cold-blooded killer anyway. Although he worked as an assassin, his heart was still warm, else he wouldn’t have let that magician that didn’t trust him off.

It was precisely because of this that when he heard Zhao Hai say, ‘If employers do not suspect, then there will be no suspicion,’, he was moved.

Zhao Hai looked at Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows and spoke with a low voice, “Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, to tell you the truth, Stony Mountain is just a temporary residence of ours. It is so that we can extend our branches into the Purcell Duchy. Our roots are elsewhere. I will now take you to it, the place of our Buda clan’s roots. That place is an eternal secret. You must remember to never mention this to anyone. Even within your dreams, you must not utter a word[2]. Understood?”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows immediately moved to Zhao Hai’s front and knelt before him. “I ask the Young Master to please feel assured that I, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, will not utter this secret, even after death. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows will not betray Young Master’s trust.”

Zhao Hai stood and said, “In that place, aside from Grandpa Green and the other old members of the Buda clan, there are also the slaves we had brought along. Those slaves cannot betray us. Besides them, there is only you, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows. Ah. Later, our Buda clan cannot be reached. Let us go see it.”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows nodded with effort. Zhao Hai helped him back up and turned his head looking into the parlor room and nodded to Green, saying, “Let’s go.” With his intent, they moved back inside the Space.

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows suddenly saw flowers before him. Before he knew it, he’d been transferred to a mysterious place. It was a prairie, and in front of them was a villa. There was also a large plot of land divided into many blocks with various plants growing within.

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows stared blankly at everything before he heard Zhao Hai say, “This is the place I spoke about earlier, and also my Divergent Technique. This is the Space, a place where everything obeys my command.”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows looked puzzledly at Zhao Hai, who gave a faint smile and said, “This is the Divergent Technique I have obtained. This Space can plant and raise magic beasts. Those undead you saw before were transformed by this Space. In this Space, I am god.”

Startled, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows looked at Zhao Hai with an expression of shock. “Young master, do you mean to say that this Space is like one of those spatial tools, like a subspace?”

“Almost,” replied Zhao Hai with a smile, “but they are not quite the same as this Space. You can say that there is a unique principle in this independent Space, and not for a subspace. This Space exists because I exist.”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows showed an expression of surprise. “Great, with this Space, Young Master wouldn’t be afraid of any attacks. This is really a good place.”

Zhao Hai was speechless. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows’ way of thinking was the same as Green’s from when he first entered the Space. Zhao Hai felt happy. Now he knew and could say that Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows’ heart was truly with him.

Smiling, Zhao Hai said, “Alright, let’s go and look at our domain.”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows’ vision blurred once more and suddenly, they arrived at Fort Iron Mountain.

Upon their arrival at Fort Iron Mountain, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows looked puzzled as he examined his surroundings. “Young Master, where are we? Why is there such a flower?” He was, of course, referring to the Hell Rainbow Flower.

Zhao Hai smiled. “Have you forgotten where the Buda clan manor is? We are in Fort Iron Mountain. Outside is the Black Waste.”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows was shocked. “Young Master, you said that outside is the Black Waste? Then does that mean we came from outside of Casa City to Fort Iron Mountain in the Black Waste?”

Zhao smiled as he said, “Yes, we went from Stony Mountain to Fort Iron Mountain. Hahaha.” When they heard Zhao Hai, Green and Meg also laughed[3].

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows didn’t smile with them. He was just too surprised. From Casa City to Fort Iron Mountain, even with a fast horse it would take a month of travel. Yet, they arrived here in just the blink of an eye. This was too godly, right?

Meirin and Woodhead arrived at this time. Meirin looked at Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows with confusion and asked Zhao Hai, “Young Master, this is?”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows’ expression was too rich, and when Meirin looked at him she knew he wasn’t an undead so she’d asked.

Zhao Hai smiled faintly. “This is Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows. He is now one of us. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows is pledged under a blood oath, so he won’t betray us. Grandma Meirin, please feel relieved. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, this is Grandpa Green’s wife, Grandma Meirin. The two over there are Woodhead and Stonehead[4].”

* * *

Footnotes:

[1] 化身术 – Huàshēn shù. Transform. Body. Technique/Method/Art.

[2] And with that, the one time Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows thinks of it in a dream, his blood reverses and he dies from a heart attack… gg blood oath.

[3] Generic Villain Rule #3: Laugh with the boss.

[4] Stonehead wasn’t actually there in the beginning, but after cleaning the stables he took a brief walk and passed at the right time. Totally what happened.





Chapter 212: Figthing Spirit


Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows knew that these people were the Buda clan’s genuine and most trusted subordinates. As such, he didn’t dare to be neglectful. He moved forward and hurriedly greeted them. Meirin didn’t say anything, but returned the greeting, and both Woodhead and Stonehead did the same.

After watching the greetings, Zhao Hai turned to Woodhead and Stonehead and said, “Woodhead, Stonehead, help make Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows familiar with the surrounding area and then lead him back to the parlor room.”

Woodhead and Stonehead immediately complied and led Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows away.

Zhao Hai and Green led Meirin to the parlor room and Meg served tea to them as they sat. Zhao Hai then told Meirin the information they’d obtained from Lycra while also informing her of their decision.

Meirin frowned. With a sullen face, she said, “What the Young Master said is true. Our current strength isn’t capable of confronting Boric. It seems that right now, we can only hide. This is too hateful.”

Zhao Hai and the others had ugly expressions. When they talked about Boric, with regards to everyone, it was truly too big a blow for them. Their main source of income currently came from the Purcell Duchy. If they gave up their business there, then it was equal to breaking off from their source of income. To them, this certainly was too much like a deathblow.

Meirin frowned. “I’m afraid this matter isn’t going to be simple. We still have a previous grudge with Boric. If he were to find out we’re hiding, wouldn’t he also go to the Black Waste and cause trouble?”

Both of them understood what Meirin meant. Although it could be said that Boric didn’t know they, as Zhao Hai and servants, were members of the Buda clan, both sides already had a grudge against each other. If Boric knew Laura ran, then his fury wouldn’t have a place to vent. Perhaps he’d send his subordinates to rush into the Black Waste and look for them instead. With regards to the Buda clan, this was troublesome.

Zhao Hai frowned. When he looked outside, he saw that currently, the seven-colored mist was a lot thicker than it was a few days ago. It was almost similar to the mist inside the Carrion Swamp.

Zhao Hai’s mind flashed with an idea. He couldn’t help but chuckle as he said, “It’s fine, Grandma Meirin. You don’t need to be worried right now. Fort Iron Mountain has been surrounded by the seven-colored smog. If Boric truly dares to send people here and look for trouble, then we won’t be polite. It will also be good to let them stay.”

As Zhao Hai said this, Meirin and the others became stunned for a moment. They looked outside and saw that the area truly was surrounded by the seven-colored smog. They laughed and understood what Zhao Hai meant. If Boric did intend to move against them right now, then it would be impossible for him to send most of his army. He could probably send one or two Rank Nine experts and take several days to arrive. Maybe, he wouldn’t even send a Rank Nine expert. In that case, so long as they truly did intrude and get in range of the castle, then they were just courting death.

Before, they had been afraid of a Rank Nine expert. Now, however, Zhao Hai and the others currently had two Rank Nine experts on their side. If the opponent’s Rank Nine experts dared to enter the smog, then Zhao Hai wouldn’t be afraid of being found out. He could just directly slaughter those Rank Nine experts.

Green pounded the table with force and loudly said, “Good! This will work. If Boric dares to send people here, then let them come. We won’t let them return. This will be us collecting interest. In any case, our position is covered with the seven-colored smog, and is similar to the Carrion Swamp. Even if they died inside the smog, nobody would dare to think anything odd.”

At this time, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows and the other two had just returned from the outside. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows looked quite giddy at this time. He was truly excited as hHe hadn’t thought Zhao Hai’s Space could actually improve the Black Waste. When he thought about the Black Waste area, it made him want to laugh.

He had now completely regarded himself as a member of the Buda clan. First, it was due to the trust Zhao Hai had shown him. Second was the blood oath he had pledged, which made him unable to betray the Buda clan for the rest of his life[1].

Zhao Hai examined Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows’ appearance and smiled faintly. “Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, how is it? Does the place look good to you?”

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows nodded. “Yes, the place is very good. Young Master, so long as we improve the lands here, our Buda clan will certainly become one of the top formidable clans.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly, then took up a cup on the table and passed it over to Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows. “Drink this,” he said.

Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows looked puzzledly at the cup he was given. The cup only contained clear water, which made him unable to understand Zhao Hai’s intentions.

Zhao Hai looked at Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows and said, “The seven-colored smog around the castle is very toxic. It’s the same smog as what is covering the Carrion Swamp. It poisons people slowly, so this water is used to detoxify it.”

After hearing what Zhao Hai said, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows quickly lifted the cup and downed it. He suddenly noticed a slightly stuffy feeling in his chest. When the water reached his stomach, the stuffy feeling disappeared. He understood that he’d been unknowingly poisoned.

Zhao Hai knew that the others had already drank the water inside the Space, which made them able to move freely within the smog and not be poisoned by it. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, however, had not drank the water. Since he’d gone out to look around the area, Zhao Hai feared that he might have been poisoned. This was why he’d hurriedly given Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows a cup of Spatial Water.

Meirin looked at them and said, “This is good. Young Master, I will go ahead and prepare the food. You guys can go ahead and chat first.”

Zhao Hai waved a hand and said, “Everyone, sit. Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, you already know of the situation. Narrate it to Woodhead and Stonehead.” Since Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows already knew of the issue, it was better for him to speak of it.

Complying, Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows told Woodhead and Stonehead about what had happened. After a while, the two had finished listening and now understood what was being talked about.

After Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows finished, Woodhead turned to Zhao Hai and asked, “Young Master, what do you mean to do?”

Zhao Hai sighed. “We can only draw back for now. Not only will we do so, but we will also need to include Laura into our group. If Boric really dares to send people and cause trouble for us, then we will keep them here. Afterward, we’ll draw away from Casa City and cut a path towards the Beastfolk Prairie and start our development there.”

Woodhead nodded. “This is also good. Then, will Young Master not go to Casa City tomorrow? We should tell Miss Laura about this matter in detail. I think she will also have some businesses in the Beastfolk Prairie, and I also think we should look for other places on the continent. The number of commodities within the prairie is too little, and we cannot obtain much from there.”

Nodding, Zhao Hai said, “I have also thought of this. If we didn’t have the Space, then we would have to go to another country to develop. That is equal to losing all of our development here in the Black Waste. Since we have the Space, however, then so long as we establish a transfer point in another country, we’ll be okay. Furthermore, our enemies are mainly concentrated in the Aksu Empire. So long as we leave and go to another country, we’ll have far less trouble.”

Green nodded. “I also agree with the Young Master’s idea. With our present strength, no matter what country we are in, we’ll be able to live a very good life. Yet, we cannot possibly lose the Black Waste as there are no other areas suitable for our development.

“If one wanted to go from the Beastfolk Prairie to another country, then they would still need to cross through the Aksu Empire. We don’t need to do so, however, since we have the Space. We can just place transfer points and connect to any place in the world from the Beastfolk Prairie. This is our greatest advantage. Young Master, I think we should go to the Rosen Empire. Although the Rosen Empire and Aksu Empire are close to one another, there is some friction between them. Since our relationship with the Aksu Empire isn’t good, we should be very safe if we go to the Rosen Empire.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That is something we can go and discuss about tomorrow with Laura. I also wanted to have a look and see how the Purcell Duchy will take this matter. If the Purcell Duchy will truly put up a reckless fight against Boric, then we will not join and fight with Boric head on. I don’t think the Purcell clan will do so, though. This time around, the enemy isn’t only Boric, but also the Markey Dell clan.”

Green nodded. “At present, even if Evan is in power within the Purcell clan, he won’t push hard for going against Boric, especially with the addition of the Markey Dell clan. For the Purcell clan’s benefits, Evan will certainly withdraw from our alliance, leaving only Laura and us. We do not have the means to stand up against the combined forces of Boric and the Markey Dell clan.”

Zhao Hai sighed. “The issue here is what Laura will do. It may not be possible for her to give up the whole of the Purcell Duchy. After all, she had established her roots here. For her, giving up on the duchy is just too difficult.”

Green and the others were also silent. They knew that giving up all of one’s businesses within the Purcell Duchy would be hard. For Laura to give up on everything she had, as a person it was truly too difficult.

Zhao Hai sighed. “If there is really no other way out, then we will receive Laura here. Anyway, Laura won’t be able to stay in the Aksu Empire anymore, especially now that it isn’t only the Markey Dell clan she shall be facing, but also Boric. The Markey Dell clan’s strength in the Aksu Empire might not be strong, but Boric is different. He is the Southern King, the one who dared to challenge for the King’s Throne.”

Green nodded. “It seems like this is the only thing we can do for now. We have implicated Laura this time around, so no matter what, we cannot have her experience danger.”

Sighing, Zhao Hai said, “In the end, it is our strength that is too weak. If we had the same strength as Boric, then who would dare to move against us? Hmph. Just you wait. Sooner or later, no one on the continent will dare to underestimate our Buda clan[2].”

Green examined Zhao Hai’s expression and smiled faintly. This time around, he thought the issues weren’t that bad. This was especially so with Zhao Hai in such high spirits and morale, something rarely seen with Zhao Hai’s body as it is.

Green had been confused at the different aura Zhao Hai had exuded when he’d woken up. Although he appeared very calm when managing things, he was actually quite impulsive and conservative, something quite disadvantageous with regards to the development of the clan. Green had also been thinking of how to make Zhao Hai get sharper through some other methods. He wouldn’t have thought that this desire could actually be inadvertently reached.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1] Third is, of course, the Space, which we all know exerts an invisible influence…

[2] Now, if he just went in the Carrion Swamp and ‘recruited’ all of the Rank Nines, we wouldn’t even have this… it’s not even a matter of it being cheap, immoral, or wrong. It’s not even a Deus Ex Machina event. It’s the most viable option that isn’t even getting discussed… What the hell!? This plot development just doesn’t make sense; they’re just running for the sake of running.





Chapter 213: 4:6 Split


With respects to Zhao Hai’s worry about Laura, if one were to describe her current situation with a single word, then it would be miserable. After Laura received Zhao Hai’s letter, she was stunned. How could she imagine things would end up like this.

Nier looked at Laura, who just sat there foolishly and motionless, and was scared for a moment. Then she ran as fast as she could to look for Quinn John and to inform Karen.

When Quinn John entered Laura’s room, he saw Laura staring blankly as she sat on a sofa. She held a letter in her hand, but was obviously just staring blankly at nothing, not even giving it a glance.

Startled, Quinn John immediately went over to Laura’s side and softly said, “Laura, Little Laura, what happened to you?”

As if she’d just stepped on a cat’s tail, Laura jumped. Her eyes began to tear as she said, “Grandpa Quinn John, what do we do? What should we do?”

Quinn John was scared when he saw how Laura was acting and hastily asked, “What is it? What has happened? Little Laura, calm down and talk to grandpa.”

Laura was consoled by Quinn John’s voice and slowly calmed down. Her tears still fell, however, and she sobbed lightly as she passed the letter in her hand to Quinn John.

Quinn John took the letter and carefully read it. The more he read, the more ugly his face became. He never would have thought that such a situation would happen. Originally, the Markey Dell clan by itself was already a large headache. Adding in the Southern King, and it was no wonder Laura became so agitated.

After he read the letter carefully, Quinn John placed it on the tea table. He looked at Laura and sighed. As he was reading the letter, he had begun to weigh things in his heart. Finally, he concluded that they couldn’t stay in the Purcell Duchy anymore. It wasn’t just the Purcell Duchy, but couldn’t stay the whole of the Aksu Empire.

Quinn John went to Laura’s side and patted her shoulder gently. “It’s alright, Little Laura. Now is not the time to cry. First, think of what we should do.”

At this time, Karen also arrived. When he saw Laura’s tear-stained appearance, he couldn’t help but start and say, “Laura, what’s the matter? Why are you crying? Who bullied you?”

Quinn John smiled bitterly and just passed the letter to Karen. After he read the letter, Karen’s complexion changed. He clearly understood the meaning behind the letter. Although he didn’t go out much, he still knew how strong a character the Southern King was. Now that he suddenly began to intervene, the issue became much more difficult to manage.

Karen placed the letter back on the table and turned to Quinn John. “Uncle, what are your thoughts?”

Frowning, Quinn John said, “Anything we say now is useless. Even if our three sides were to cooperate, we cannot fight against Boric. I think we need to tell Evan of this matter. Then we must prepare to leave the Purcell Duchy as soon as possible. If would be better to leave the Aksu Empire itself.”

Karen also frowned as he said, “We’re going to leave the Aksu Empire. Leave the Aksu Empire in order to avoid being hunted down by Boric. Yet, what about the Markey Dell clan? The Markey Dell clan is situated in the northern area of the continent and possess a very strong influence there. Even if we leave the Aksu Empire, it will be very difficult for us to run away from them. Don’t forget, we have already withdrawn from the clan.”

Quinn John nodded. “This is something I understand as well, but so long as we go to another country, even if we face the Markey Dell clan, it would be alright. By doing so, at least we won’t have to fear Boric going ahead and becoming our enemy.”

Karen thought about it for a while, then nodded. Compared to facing two formidable enemies, it was without a doubt better to face just one. Furthermore, in other countries the Markey Dell clan wasn’t omnipotent.

Laura had calmed down by this time. She cleared away the tears on her face and said, “I’ll immediately go to the Grand Duke’s Mansion and explain the situation to the Grand Duke. Grandpa Quinn John, I’ll leave you here to begin the preparations.”

Quinn John nodded as Laura stood. She told Nier to prepare the carriage as she rushed towards the Grand Duke’s Mansion with the fastest possible speed. The situation must be explained to Evan, especially since Evan had been so good to her. She thought she shouldn’t hide such an important matter.

* * * * *

When Laura arrived at the Grand Duke’s Mansion, Evan was informed of her coming. He immediately welcomed Laura to the study. When he saw Laura enter, he was stunned to see her red eyes, which were obviously caused by crying. Evan didn’t know what matter could make Laura cry this much.

Evan hastily said, “Little Laura, how are you? What happened?”

Laura looked at Evan and bitterly smiled. She reiterated the contents of the letter Zhao Hai had sent. Evan listened to Laura’s explanation and couldn’t help but frown. He hadn’t thought this matter would become so troublesome.

After Laura finished, she looked at Evan and said, “Uncle Evan, the situation this time is very troublesome. We have already come up with a plan. We are ready to temporarily withdraw from the Purcell Duchy. We won’t need to clash with both Boric and the Markey Dell clan that way. What are your thoughts?”

Evan looked at Laura and sighed. “Little Laura, your uncle cannot deceive you. With this kind of situation, our Purcell clan is incapable of participating. Furthermore, we cannot assist you. It is truly better for you to leave. Be at ease that I can keep your stores as is. I will send people to take them over and send you the monthly income. This will work, even if I am temporarily taking them over.”

Surprised, Laura didn’t think Evan would give such a proposal. She couldn’t help but be moved. Laura knew Evan wasn’t seizing her stores. If Evan wanted to seize them, then there was no need to say those words. So long as they leave, it would have been okay for him to take them over freely. Obviously, Evan was doing this out of sincerity.

Laura knew it was risky for Evan to do this. It wasn’t only a possibility of him offending Boric, but he would definitely be offending the Markey Dell clan. She didn’t outright turn down the offer as she thought Evan might get offended, thus, she shook her head as she said, “It’s alright, Uncle Evan. Although you are the patriarch at present, if you really did such a thing, the Elders Assembly will oppose it. It just wouldn’t give any advantages to the Purcell clan, only harm. As such, they will not agree.”

Evan snorted. “I, Evan, never hits a friend when they are down. You can be at ease and feel relieved about giving me the stores. So long as you leave, I can just tell them you sold the stores to me. With this, they cannot say anything. Although the Southern King is formidable, people with high positions invite criticism. In addition, mud cannot be thrown at our Purcell clan so easily. He won’t dare to do much to us.”

Laura agreed to what Evan said as there was no other way. If she didn’t agree, then Evan would think she were looking down at him. She nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll return later and arrange it. I’ll also discuss with Mister when it is convenient and ask him to not break off the supply of Taoyuan products.”

Evan stared as he nodded. “This is good. I’ll see you off as you leave. The stores will be turned over to our Purcell clan and managed by us. They won’t have any reason to take those stores away from us. If they dare to act unreasonably, then don’t blame me for how I react.”

Laura smiled faintly. “Since we must leave, the stores will naturally be turned over to Uncle Evan’s management. Uncle, however, cannot just take care of us and get nothing out of it. If you buy some stakes in the stores, then looking at this, we can divide the proceeds. How about a 4:6 split? We’ll take 4, and the Purcell clan can take 6.”

Evan’s face sank after he heard Laura. “Little Laura, what do you mean by this? Are you looking down at your Uncle Evan? Am I that inadequate? I’m helping you manage the stores, so how can you give me so much money?”

Laura smiled and said, “I won’t ever look down on you, Uncle Evan. But uncle, don’t forget that you are now the Purcell clan’s patriarch. If you don’t do it for the Purcell clan, then they will start to gossip and think, ‘You are sitting in the patriarch’s position, yet you won’t help us?’ I will give you the stores to manage and 60% of the income. This is so those elders of your clan won’t be able to say anything. I haven’t sold the store at a low cost, right?”

Evan calmed down as he understood that Laura was correct. He was the Purcell clan’s genuine patriarch, so he must take the Purcell clan into consideration. In fact, when he decided to help Laura deal with the Markey Dell clan, some of the clan elders were somewhat discontent with the decision and thought it wasn’t worth it. If he now chose to help Laura manage the stores and didn’t get any benefits in return, then the clan elders would definitely disagree.

With this thought, Evan’s heart couldn’t help but feel intolerant. Although he now held real power, he found that there were still many things he couldn’t simply call the shots on. After all, the Purcell clan didn’t practice the idea of ‘What I say goes.’ Those elders also had a certain amount of authority. He couldn’t just completely disregard what they felt.

Evan looked at Laura and couldn’t help but smile bitterly. “Alright, I’ll do as you say. If one day, however, you do come back to the Purcell Duchy, I’ll hand the stores back to you.”

Laura nodded with a smile. Her heart actually ached as she couldn’t believe she would be able to return to the Purcell Duchy one day. She had offended Southern King Boric here in the Aksu Empire. Unless one was from a large aristocratic clan like the Purcell clan, it was impossible for someone like her to return to the Purcell Duchy. She feared she wouldn’t even be able to return to the Aksu Empire.

After discussing this matter with Evan, Laura left the Grand Duke’s Mansion and returned to Faith Mansion. Faith Mansion didn’t show any signs of confusion as most of the servants didn’t know of the situation. One must know that Laura controlled nearly 50% of the shares of the entire Purcell Duchy’s daily necessities. If they panicked here, then the entire duchy’s daily necessity prices will fluctuate. That was something Laura didn’t want to see.

When Laura entered the study, she found Quinn John writing a series of letters. Laura looked at the letters and found that they were to be sent to the Higanbana store managers. It seemed that Quinn John was planning to dissolve the whole of the Higanbana store chain.

Placing the letter back down, Laura said to Quinn John, “Grandpa Quinn John, you don’t need to write these letters. I have reached an agreement with Grand Duke Evan. We will let him handle the stores and the profits will be split between us, 4:6. We’ll take 4, he’ll take 6.”





Chapter 214: Young Miss


Stunned, Quinn John dropped his pen. He looked up at Laura and said, “Did Evan really say that? Did he really agree to this?”

Laura nodded and said, “Yes, Grand Duke Evan has agreed to it. He stated right at the beginning that he will help me manage the stores. When I looked at his expression and saw that he was earnest, I knew he didn’t wish to seize our stores. That was when I proposed to a 4:6 split, which he agreed to.”

Quinn John thought about it for a while, then nodded. “This is amazing, but you should have clearly explained the entire situation to Grand Duke Evan. Since the managers of our stores are our trusted subordinates, if we need them in the future then he must let them go.”

Laura understood what Quinn John meant. With regards to merchants, the need for talented individuals was very important. Since they needed to leave the Purcell Duchy and Aksu Empire and head to another country, they would need to continue to do business in order to live. Doing business with untrusted subordinates wouldn’t be good. This was Quinn John’s meaning.

Nodding, Laura said, “Please don’t worry, Grandpa Quinn John, I will tell him that later. As matters stand right now, however, we will need to change the contents of the letters.

Quinn John nodded. “Then let us have them come to Casa City all at once. Once they are here, we can explain the situation to them and let them make their preparations. I will send Searle to clean out the treasury and bring anything we need to pack up. Fortunately, Mister had sent us several of those Spatial Bags, else we wouldn’t be able to take much with us.”

Laura smiled wryly and turned to Quinn John. “How about my father?”

Quinn John forced a smile and said, “In his eyes, is there anything more important than his darlings? He’s going to pack up his darlings[1].”

Laura couldn’t help herself and smiled bitterly. She knew what Quinn John meant. Those ‘darlings’ Quinn John referred to were the magic array books Karen had collected throughout the years, along with several of his experimental notes and testing tools. These were all more important to Karen than anything else.

She looked at Quinn John as asked, “Quinn John, have you thought about where we will be going? Are we going to directly leave the Purcell Duchy?”

Quinn John placed his pen down and thought for a while, then said, “Leaving directly wouldn’t be good right now. We currently have two options. First is to move to the Beastfolk Prairies where we have several businesses set up. If we go to the Beastfolk Prairie now, then no matter if it’s the Markey Dell clan or Boric, neither are strong enough to directly contend with the Beastfolk Prairie’s strength. If we go there, then they wouldn’t dare to send out experts to deal with us. We should be safe there.”

Laura nodded. “There isn’t any problem with going to the Beastfolk Prairie, but we cannot stay there forever. We can also go to other places on the continent through the Beastfolk Prairie. There are three roads with the first being the Purcell Duchy. The second road leads to the Elven Forest[2], and the third is the sea route. Going back to the Purcell Duchy is definitely impossible, so that only leaves us with the Elven Forest and the sea route.

“The Elven Forest is the domain of the elves. With regards to them, they aren’t friendly with the other races. We don’t have much time on our hands, so we cannot prolong our actions, thus going through that route is not feasible. The last route, the sea route, is a dangerous one. Although the other countries can send trade fleets towards the Beastfolk Prairie, their trade fleets are easily exposed to pirate attacks. This also isn’t a feasible option. Is there any other way?”

Quinn John looked at Laura and smiled faintly. “There is another, more simpler way, and that is Zhao Hai. The matters this time won’t allow Zhao Hai to stay in the Purcell Duchy. Their identity would be exposed otherwise. I had heard, in the past, that the Buda clan’s misfortunes all stem from Boric. If they allow Boric to know they are here, then they will be in danger. Therefore, they will most certainly leave. Zhao Hai has a treasure that can be used to easily transport things, otherwise he wouldn’t have been able to so easily deliver food to the Purcell clan in their time of need. This time, we can go and find him. For sure, he will be able to take us to safety. However, that treasure may be an important clan treasure, so if he does use it for us, then there will be conditions attached.”

Laura couldn’t help but blush when she heard what Quinn John said. She remembered what ‘condition’ Zhao Hai had proposed to her before. If she wanted to know the true secret of the Buda clan, then she must marry Zhao Hai. With this thought, Laura couldn’t help but turn a deeper shade of red[3].

Quinn John smiled when he saw Laura’s reaction. For the condition Zhao Hai had told Laura, Quinn John knew of it. Laura’s many contacts with Zhao Hai had been something Quinn John had paid attention to. After all, for these past years, Zhao Hai had been the only real man Laura set her eye on. Therefore, every time Laura came back after visiting Zhao Hai, Quinn John would find the opportunity to ask Nier about what Zhao Hai said. As such, the condition Zhao Hai had stated to Laura was naturally passed to Quinn John.

When Laura saw Quinn John looking at her, she became even more red. She saw his expression and knew that Quinn John understood what she was thinking. It could only be Nier that told him.

She couldn’t blame Nier for telling Quinn John about this matter. Laura was just a bit shy about it. She was still a girl, after all. Furthermore, she really did have some interest in Zhao Hai. Yet, she was slightly afraid of meeting Quinn John’s eyes.

In the end, Laura clenched her teeth and said, “Alright, let’s go to Brother Hai so that we can leave with him. Furthermore, we can discuss the future whereabouts of Brother Hai. Later on, we will need to cooperate with him.”

After hearing what Laura said, Quinn John’s eyes shone brightly. He understood what she meant. It seemed Laura really did have feelings for Zhao Hai, since saying such things was equal to accepting Zhao Hai’s condition.

Actually, Quinn John quite liked Zhao Hai. Since he knew Zhao Hai possessed a mysterious Divergent Technique, his future was limitless. Moreover, since Laura would be with him, this made Quinn John very happy.

Laura looked up at Quinn John who smiled faintly and said, “Alright, we’ll finish packing up here and then go to Zhao Hai. Young Lady, it’s better to send a letter to Zhao Hai first and not just go directly.”

Nodding, Laura looked up at the sky and said, “I’ll write a letter and send it tomorrow. It’s quite late now, and we have to rest early. Oh, by the way. Grandpa Quinn John, we’ve forgotten something.”

“Forgotten what?” asked Quinn John.

Laura’s eyes flashed coldly. “We’ve forgotten about Alodia.”

Quinn John was stunned after he heard what Laura had said. His face sank as he said, “Yes, we’ve forgotten about his group, but I would still like to keep them. Contact Zhao Hai since he’s a Divergent Warlock. Although I don’t know what his Divergent Technique is, looking at all his undead, he possibly knows how to turn people into undead. If we can truly use these fellows by letting Zhao Hai turn them into undead, then that’ll be good.”

Laura didn’t oppose it since she had a mutual hatred against Carlo now. Incidentally, they also hated Alodia, so she naturally didn’t go against Quinn John’s words.

They discussed several more matters before finishing and going off to rest. None of them could afford to be flustered right now and instead should act normally. Otherwise, flaws might be discovered.

* * * * *

The next morning, Zhao Hai and the others got up early. After eating their breakfast, Zhao Hai led Green, Meg, and Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows towards Casa City.

When they arrived at Casa City, the city gates had just been opened. Zhao Hai immediately entered the city and went straight towards Faith Mansion. Since events were happening quickly, they didn’t want to lose much time.

Zhao Hai going towards Faith Mansion was something Laura had just found out. She was prepared to write a letter, but didn’t know Zhao Hai would arrive this early.

They welcomed Zhao Hai and his group into the study. Laura looked puzzledly at Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows and asked, “Brother Hai, this is?”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “This is Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows. He was previously invited by Carlo to move against me, but has currently taken a blood oath to serve me. Miss Laura needn’t be worried.”

Laura was surprised for a moment, but immediately recovered and greeted Shue of Ten-thousand Shadows, who then hurriedly greeted her in return. Afterward, he moved back to his previous position behind Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai turned his head towards Laura and said, “I came today to ask after your preparations. Also, have you told Evan about the situation clearly, and do you have any plans?”

Laura and Quinn John looked at one another, then Laura said, “I have already explained the matter to Grand Duke Evan. The Grand Duke said he cannot participate in this matter, but can keep our stores intact. We can keep the stores open and he’ll look after their management. I have reached an agreement with the Grand Duke to split the income, 4:6 — I will get 4 parts, he will get 6. I do hope, however, that Brother Hai won’t break off the Taoyuan supply.”

“That’s fine,” Zhao Hai replied. “There will be no problem in the supply of Taoyuan products. What’s more, you can retain your stores, which is for the best. I was really worried about this matter.”

Laura relaxed after hearing Zhao Hai’s reply. Her complexion couldn’t help but give off a happy glow as she said, “This time, we are prepared to leave the Aksu Empire. We must ask, however, if Brother Hai will be able to help us in delivering us to a safe place. What is Brother Hai’s intent?”

After hearing her words, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be surprised for a moment. He looked at Laura’s blushing face and understood what she meant. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but tease her as he grinned and said, “There’s no problem in taking you to someplace safe, but Laura, do you agree to my conditions?”

As Zhao Hai spoke those words, Green and the others stared closely at Laura. They were waiting for her reply, which made her face even more red. She finally gathered herself up and gravely looked at Zhao Hai, saying, “Please, Brother Hai. Help me.”

After he heard what Laura said, Green couldn’t help it anymore and laughed. “Good, great! It seems like we’ll have to change what we call Miss Laura and instead call her Young Miss[4].”

Laura’s face became redder, and Zhao Hai also blushed. He didn’t think Laura would actually comply, so he felt a bit awkward. Behind that awkwardness, however, was a bit of excitement. Even if Laura wouldn’t have complied, he’d still have told her his secret. Now, however, since she did agree, it made things a lot better.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]宝贝 – Bǎobèi. 宝 is treasure or jewels. 贝 is shells/seashells/valuables. 宝贝 can mean Babies, Treasure, Darling.

[2]精灵森林 – Jīnglíng sēnlín. Elven Forest.

[3]Now, while I’m all for Zhao Hai finally winning a person’s heart (loyalty/love, whatever) without having to use the space… he has so many red marks that I can’t drum up the support. Still hoping Cai’er can go ahead and take over… Bringing the Farm to Live in Another World, with the “Another World” being the Devil World now… Dun Dun DUUUUN.

[4]少夫人 – Shǎo fū rén. Shao is Young or Small. Furen is Husband’s person, or Madam, Mrs., Spouse, Partner, Lady. You get it. The options were Young Mistress, which is basically a woman in control, but Mistress has somehow been sullied to mean a woman in an extramarital affair with a married man. Madam sounds really old… I don’t wanna call Laura, Madam. Miss works. Lady has already been used. Mrs. is weird. Partner and Spouse aren’t things you say as a title.





Chapter 215: Do You Hate Me?


Quinn John sighed. Although he knew this day would come, it still made his heart uncomfortable. After all, he’d watched Laura as she grew up. Now, suddenly, she said she agreed to Zhao Hai’s condition to marry him. It was like saying she would leave him forever. It was a very uncomfortable feeling.

After a while, Zhao Hai calmed down. He looked at Laura and asked, “What else do you need to prepare? If you have anything you need to carry off, tell me and I’ll help you do so.”

When she heard what Zhao Hai said, Laura relaxed and said, “We’re almost finished tidying things up here. It’s really fortunate Mister gave us several of those Spatial Bags as they’re really helpful. Still, we’ll need a few more carriages in order to take away everything. Moreover, we need to explain several matters to the rest of our clan here, and that will take several days.”

Zhao Hai thought for a while before saying, “Alright then, we’ll stay here for a few days. Please arrange a room for us. When you finish whatever you have to do, we can leave together.”

Laura froze for a moment, then nodded and said, “Okay. The mansion has a guest room. You can stay there for the next few days.”

Nodding, Zhao Hai said, “You should speak to Evan. After we leave, he can send people to Stony Mountain every five days to get the commodities. Once they are at Stony Mountain, they just need to knock on the ground three times. We will arrive the next day and they can pick up the commodities from a warehouse. If they don’t knock, however, then they can’t get the products.”

Laura nodded. “Alright, I’ll tell him that. Also, I have some of Carlo’s subordinates held captive. I wish for them to pay for their crimes. What do you think?”

After thinking for a while, Zhao Hai said, “That’s fine. How do you want me to deal with them? Do you wish them to be silenced?”

Laura looked at Zhao Hai and sighed. “I don’t really want to silence them, but we can’t control them. The threat they represent is too large. While Alodia and his team have been obedient these past few days, we already have some sense of them. As such, I don’t trust them.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I understand. Hand them over to me and I’ll deal with them.”

Laura nodded. She turned to Nier and said, “Nier, take Brother Hai to his room to rest. Tend to whatever needs Brother Hai has.”

Nier complied and stepped up to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai stood and said to Laura, “This matter needs to be solved as soon as possible since Boric and the Markey Dell clan both have their eyes set on us. We will need to leave immediately.”

Laura nodded and Zhao Hai followed Nier.

After waiting for Zhao Hai to walk out, Laura turned her head towards Quinn John and said, “Grandpa Quinn John, we need to finish taking care of our issues as soon as possible. When the store managers arrive, we’ll tell them about everything and then we will need to leave immediately. What Brother Hai said about us not being safe now is correct.”

Quinn John nodded and said, “Relax, the matter of cleaning up here has already been assigned to Kiel[1] and the other trusted subordinates. Furthermore, they are determined to come with us, so rest assured. Oh, right. We forgot to ask Zhao Hai how many people we can take along. If he can take many people, then everything will be fine.”

Laura frowned. “I forgot to ask. Let’s talk about it at when it’s time to eat. Anyway, he’ll be staying for the next few days, so there’s no need to worry.”

Quinn John nodded and gave a faint smile. “I noticed that Zhao Hai is very concerned about you. In fact, he’d probably take you in even if you didn’t accept his request.”

Laura paled as she glanced at Quinn John. Sighing, she said, “To be honest, I have a very good impression of Brother Hai. We’ve met with great misfortune at this time, and only Brother Hai could and would help us. Moreover, from our previous meetings he didn’t say much. He didn’t try to coax a girl with his words. The condition he put forward was actually a proposal in disguise. With his disposition, doing such a thing was already being forward. Why wouldn’t I comply?”

She relaxed. In all honesty, with her business running all year round, as well as the people she dealt with, Laura’s disposition was a great deal more open than Zhao Hai’s which was a bit nerdy. In terms of love, she was braver than Zhao Hai and dared to say what she liked and what she hated. Therefore, she accepted Zhao Hai’s condition.

Quinn John smile faintly. “I’m afraid you can’t see the point. Although Zhao Hai is good to you, he really isn’t good to others. He also isn’t very consistent with the rumors, the one where he’s said to be a dandy, yet now he isn’t. If you marry him, he’ll certainly be good to you. At least he’s stronger when compared to those other dandies, so I’ll feel more relieved.”

Laura snorted. “I’d rather find an honest man than a dandy if I could. Zhao Hai looks honest and capable, so I’ll choose him.”

Quinn John laughed and said, “Ah, you’re not a shy little girl anymore. You actually said those words.”

Laura had finally calmed down by now and chuckled. “This is what we call seizing the opportunity. If I miss this chance, then it would be an injustice. You might not have noticed, but that Meg has been covetously eyeing him at the same time.”

Quinn John and Laura smiled, and the depressing mood seemed to have dissipated from their hearts.

For the past few days, Laura had felt depressed. She had worked hard these last few years to lay down the foundations for her business, yet now they were forced to leave their homes. With the current situation, how could anyone describe the depression she felt.

Due to her mood influencing her, Laura had complied with Zhao Hai’s condition, a marriage proposal in disguise, in return for him rescuing her. She’d said words of compliance, and was now smiling. She had been suppressing the mood in her heart, most of which had already disappeared. Right now, she was thinking about Zhao Hai’s conditions. Since she complied with it, there didn’t seem to be anything harmful within it.

There was silence for a time, then Quinn John turned and looked at Laura. “Little Laura, you agreed to Zhao Hai’s condition, but you should be clear about some matters. Zhao Hai is the only successor to the Buda clan. As such, Green will certainly make Zhao Hai find other wives in order to increase the clan’s fertility. This will allow the Buda clan to grow branches and leaves and thrive. In the future, you will need to keep up with many women ready to rob your husband away.”

Laura sighed. “I know that, but there are few men who only have a single wife in their lifetime, especially aristocratic men. I like Brother Hai, and he also likes me. If, one day, he doesn’t like me anymore, then I’ll still earn my living. In any case, even if I don’t have any man in my life, it’ll still be the same since I can live without one.”

Quinn John sighed. This was a woman’s intolerance. On the Ark Continent, although women have the right to inherit and had standings similar to men, when you really looked back, women have a weaker status than men[2]. There wasn’t any law that could solve this matter.

After chatting for a bit, the store managers from Laura’s shops arrived in Casa City. Yesterday, Laura had sent letters to the store managers, telling them to come to Casa City because she had an important matter to discuss with them.

To the large merchant firms, they already knew Casa City was in a turbulent period. It was like some important matter was about to happen. Because of that, they didn’t feel it was strange when they saw Laura’s actions.

These store managers were the genuine aides trusted by Laura as she had personally trained them. They had obligations towards Laura and were therefore dead set on following her. Since Laura had called for them, they knew that an important matter had recently popped up.

After she called for them, they quickly arrived at Casa City. Those who came from afar rode wind chasing horses since late last night. They had tied several horses in order to lessen the need to make a stop and swap. Noon the following day, all store managers had arrived.

Laura didn’t immediately meet with the store managers. Instead, she first let them eat and rest till later in the day. At noon, she invited Zhao Hai to eat in the dining room.

The food served by Laura was quite different from what Stony Mountain had. They ate the best veal with other delicious dishes and also had very fine wine.

Zhao Hai, however, wasn’t used to eating such things and only ate the veal steak.

After their meal, Laura led Zhao Hai to the parlor room. Once they all sat down, Laura asked Zhao Hai, “Brother Hai, how many people can you help me take away? How many items? It’ll be easier for me to prepare if I know.”

Smiling, Zhao Hai said, “Relax. No matter how many items you wish to bring, you can bring them. The same goes for people. There is one thing you need to ensure, however. Those people must be completely trustworthy.”

When she heard Zhao Hai’s reply, Laura’s expression turned joyful. “Rest assured, they are all naturally trustworthy. Otherwise, exposing the Buda clan’s secret would be troublesome.”

Meg smiled and said, “Miss Laura hasn’t gotten married. Have you already started planning for the Buda clan? Isn’t the Young Miss getting anxious about this marriage?”

When they heard those words, Green and Quinn John both smiled.

Laura’s face reddened. She stared at Meg and said, “Hmph, you’re talking nonsense. I won’t let Brother Hai marry you.”

Meg’s face also reddened. She hadn’t thought Laura would unexpectedly see through her thoughts. Zhao Hai also didn’t think Laura would tease Meg like that and it made him embarrassed. He glanced at Green and said, “Grandpa Green, Grandpa Quinn John, everyone can leave first. I wish to talk to Laura alone.”

Green and Quinn John looked at each other simultaneously and both saw a happy expression on the other’s face as they turned and left. Zhao Hai and Laura were thus left alone in the room.

This was the first time Laura was alone with Zhao Hai. She was somewhat anxious as she looked at Zhao Hai; she didn’t know what Zhao Hai wanted to say.

Zhao Hai had an infatuated expression as he looked at Laura, which made her heart beat faster. After some time, Zhao Hai said, “Laura, do you hate me?”

Laura was surprised. She didn’t understand what Zhao Hai meant. They were now engaged, so how could he suddenly speak about hate?”

When he saw Laura’s puzzled look, Zhao Hai sighed and said, “If I didn’t appear, these matters wouldn’t have happened. You won’t be compelled to leave Casa City, to leave the Aksu Empire. You wouldn’t need to give up everything. Are you not angry?

“Earlier, you were right when you said I’d marry Meg in the future. We grew up together and she was beside me, taking care of me during the toughest time of my life. I won’t deny I have passionate feelings for Meg, but I also love you. Making me give up either of you is something I cannot do. Am I too greedy?”

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]基尔 – Jī ěr. Supposedly new? I couldn’t find him in the last 70 chapters we did… so meh.

[2]If I had to make a conclusion, then it should be because which gender would allow a clan to thrive? If the Buda clan only had a female who could inherit, then unlike Zhao Hai, she wouldn’t be able to marry a bunch of guys and give birth to a bunch of kids. At least, she can’t rival a male MC. Female bodies just don’t work like that. Honestly though, this is just dumb justification to make a harem.





Chapter 216: This Moment


Laura stared blankly at Zhao Hai. She didn’t think he would say that, which surprised her. All the same, she was moved by those words.

On the Ark Continent, there wasn’t a law that dealt with monogamy. If Zhao Hai wanted, he could definitely marry any woman he fancied. Laura accepted this idea completely as it was natural on the continent.

In Laura’s view, Zhao Hai’s words meant he truly liked her. Because he liked her, even loved her. Thinking that another person was in his heart felt as though he was betraying Laura. This had made him feel guilty, and that moved Laura the most.

Laura stood up and walked before Zhao Hai. She looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, I’m not blaming you for all of this. To be honest, I was afraid you wouldn’t accept me. After all, Meg has been with you since childhood. You know a great deal more about her. Furthermore, you are the Buda clan’s patriarch. As the only successor of the Buda clan, it’s impossible for you to marry only me if you take the clan’s future into consideration. I won’t oppose you marrying Meg. To be honest, Meg also likes you. I had seen this and prepared myself already. You don’t need to worry.”

Zhao Hai stared at Laura. He told Laura about these matters because he couldn’t cross that ridge in his heart all by himself. His world view had been formed from almost three decades of living on Earth. Don’t say he could just change his view, Zhao Hai truly felt affection for Laura and that had caused him to feel sorry towards her.

Now that he heard Laura’s feelings, Zhao Hai felt a bit better. He looked at Laura and pulled her into his arms. Laura was surprised, but didn’t resist. Instead, she gently leaned her head onto Zhao Hai’s chest. They didn’t speak, but during that moment, they both felt the other’s warmth.

After some time, Zhao Hai said to Laura, “Laura, I’m sorry for making you lose your business after you did everything you could to painstakingly take care of it. If it wasn’t for me, you wouldn’t have fallen to such a state today.”

Laura sat down and leaned against Zhao Hai’s arms. She looked at him and said, “Brother Hai, don’t say such things. I could have such success because of you. If not for you, it would have been impossible for me to achieve all I have today. Just as I said before, I am now your fiancee. If you’re going to be so polite towards me, I’ll be angry.”

Zhao Hai watched Laura’s expression and saw that she was only pretending to be angry. His heart was filled with warmth as he looked at her. Laura’s beauty, intelligence, and compassion all attributed to the warmth Zhao Hai felt. He was moved.

He couldn’t help but cling tightly to Laura, as if to crush her against his body. Laura felt his stirred emotions and smiled sweetly as she was held tight. At this moment, their hearts were tied together and couldn’t be separated.

With Zhao Hai’s intent, Laura and he moved and appeared inside the Spatial Villa. Laura suddenly felt her surroundings shift, as though she wasn’t in her study anymore. When she took a more curious look around, she truly did see that she wasn’t in her study.

Laura whispered uneasily to Zhao Hai, “Brother Hai, we’re in a strange place.”

Zhao Hai loosened his embrace of Laura and smiled faintly. “This isn’t a strange place[1]. It’s our Buda clan’s greatest secret. This is my domain.”

Surprise, Laura looked around puzzledly. Zhao Hai smiled and pulled Laura up. They then went out of the villa and looked at the prairie outside.

As Laura looked around, she found many fruit trees, bamboo rice plants, radishes, and other crops. Most importantly, she saw fire fishes within a hot spring.

Upon seeing these, the intelligent Laura immediately understood. This was where the Taoyuan products came from. But, she didn’t know where exactly they were.

Zhao Hai looked at Laura and smiled. “Do you now know why I said only through marriage would I tell you my greatest secret? It’s because of this place. This is the Divergent Technique I obtained. This entire Space is mine, and I am god here. When I plant crops here, such as fruit oil trees, they will mature in only a few days. Bamboo rice can mature several times a day. Furthermore, the water and soil from this Space can make the lands of the Black Waste arable enough to plant crops there. Lastly, placing undead in here will make them my summonable creatures. This is a world of infinite possibilities.”

Laura was confused as she looked around. While she could understand the explanation Zhao Hai gave, she couldn’t clearly process the whole of what he said. Some things were still unclear.

Seeing Laura’s expression, Zhao Hai smiled. “Simply put, this Space is like a Spatial Bag. This Space has its own separate and independent laws, but is also not a subspace. This Space instead coexists with the outside. Neither the outside nor the Space will affect one another[2]. In this Space, however, I am god.”

Laura stared emotionally at Zhao Hai. She now understood what he meant. This pleasant surprise was truly too large for her and she couldn’t believe it.

Zhao Hai looked at her and smiled. “Don’t be so surprised. This Space is the place where I produce the Taoyuan products. Others won’t be able to enter this place unless I allow them. This is our Buda clan’s greatest secret. If it is exposed, then there wouldn’t be a place for us on the Ark Continent.”

She nodded in agreement. “If this place is known, then you really wouldn’t be able to stay on the continent. Rest assured that I won’t say a word about this.”

Zhao Hai looked at Laura and smiled. “Even if you wanted to let this be known, it’s already too late. Remember, you’re now my fiancee. Haha.” He hugged Laura as he spoke those words.

Laura glanced snappily at Zhao Hai but didn’t say anything. She instead smiled as she knew Zhao Hai had already accepted her.

Zhao Hai led Laura around in order to help her familiarize herself with the situation of the Space. After a look at the ranch, they left the Space.

When they came back to Laura’s study, they called for Green and the others to come back. As they arrived, Green and the others saw that the two had a different air around them. A sort of understanding passed between them and they smiled. None of them asked the couple anything as it was a secret between the two of them.

Now that Laura knew of Zhao Hai’s ability, she had more confidence. After the noon meal, she immediately met with her people, the store managers. So long as she clearly explained the situation to them, the Higanbana stores would continue their normal operations.

In fact, this matter was rather simple. She simply told them that if any issues were to arise in the future, they could go to Grand Duke Evan and directly ask him for help. In order to keep a convenient mode of contact, Laura also told them of the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms. If Laura had any issues herself, she could send the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms to look for them. If the store managers needed Laura, they could just go to Stony Mountain.

After explaining the current situation to them, she moved on to the people of Faith Mansion. Not all of them would be going with her. Aside from Quinn John, Karen, Nier, and Kiel, they only allowed their most loyal servants come along. As for the others, if they wanted to become commoners, then they would receive severance pay. If they wanted to stay and work in the Higanbana stores, Laura could tell Evan of it.

They finished packing their things up as, later on, they wouldn’t be living in Faith Mansion anymore. These past couple of years, Laura had accumulated a great many good things. Since this was the case, she couldn’t let others take care of them for her. As such, she’d take them all away.

After eating dinner, Zhao Hai called for Karen, Quinn John, and Nier and had them gather in the study. He then led them into the Space. In any case, since they would be following Zhao Hai from now on, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid to let them know his secret.

Karen was shocked when he arrived in the Space. This place had a very good environment. The first thing that came into his mind upon seeing his surroundings was that it would be a good place for his experiments. He immediately fell in love with the place and, without hesitating, occupied the basement of the Spatial Villa and set it up as his experiment room.

Zhao Hai had no way to make Karen’s account for the matter. To be honest, Zhao Hai really did admire Karen. Although in the eyes of everyone else, Karen’s research was useless, Zhao Hai saw that Karen’s value couldn’t be compared to others.

The Ark Continent was currently in the initial periods of magic and machine school of learning. Zhao Hai thought that the unfolding future would be dependent upon people like Karen. As such, Karen’s approached to matters was something Zhao Hai allowed without regret.

Zhao Hai also brought Quinn John and the others to Fort Iron Mountain. This was, after all, their rear base. As such, he must let Quinn John and the others know of it.

He then led them back into the Spatial Villa to continue their discussion on what to take with them. Laura proposed a major move, which Zhao Hai and the others weren’t opposed to.

If it wasn’t for Zhao Hai’s Space, then Laura wouldn’t be able to take away so many things. Since Zhao Hai did have the Space, however, Laura was confident that she wouldn’t need to lose anything. After she moved the things out of Faith Mansion, she only left a few things there and didn’t remove them. She them began to purchase a great deal of basic necessities.

Naturally, it was impossible to leave with a lot of things from the Higanbana stores. Laura’s intent was to slowly move things one after another to Faith Mansion, then move them into Zhao Hai’s Space.

As a result, there was a great deal to prepare, so they had to push the time allotted to them before they could leave. Fortunately, Laura had given the Higanbana stores to the Purcell clan. Since the Higanbana stores were now completely handled by the Purcell clan, many of the things she took away would be deducted from her part of the store income.

Laura took these things away for not only her use, but for trading within the Beastfolk Prairie. Zhao Hai had asked Laura about her plans earlier and she said she’d already established a business there. The issue Zhao Hai wanted to discuss was the matter of trading inside the Beastfolk Prairie, so he told Laura about it. She naturally agreed and this was the reason they’d bought a lot of commodities.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]It is. It’s where you kidnap people and brainwash them to serve you.

[2]Simplified. Both this Space and outside space exist at the same time. Unlike a subspace which is cut from the space outside, the Space here wasn’t made from the outside space. Neither space will affect one another easily, so most likely he means that unless he—or Cai’er—wills it, no attack can damage it.





Chapter 217: Poison


Ten days. For an entire ten days, the people of Casa City watched as various commodities streamed towards Faith Mansion. The whole of Faith Mansion seemed like a giant beast that ate and ate without worry about being full. It just kept devouring things and never let any of it out.

Although the people of Casa City felt it was strange, they didn’t say anything. Laura, on the other hand, selected those items with a great deal of discretion. Aside from the belongings taken from Faith Mansion, there were commodities that would be of use within the Beastfolk Prairie.

One must know that there were many commodities within Casa City that weren’t suitable for trade within the Beastfolk Prairie. This was due to the fact that the needs of the beastfolk were different from the needs of Casa City commoners.

It was because of this that Laura’s actions didn’t cause much change in the prices of the Purcell Duchy’s daily necessities market. Furthermore, those firms were more than willing to sell their wares to Laura.

The hands of those large firms weren’t necessarily clean. When they did business with the beastfolk, they resorted to smuggling. This matter was something they always did, so when they saw the items Laura had bought, they understood Laura’s intentions. They didn’t stop her. Although they wouldn’t earn much by selling to her, it was still an instant transaction. These were also goods that could be quickly transported from the back, so there wasn’t anything strange about it.

On the tenth day after Zhao Hai’s arrival in Casa City, Zhao Hai, Laura, Quinn John, and Green had all gone to Laura’s study.

Laura received a report about their current situation. With that in her hands, she faced the others and said, “I just received a report with regards to the situation in the Purcell Duchy. Today, a few mercenaries entered the Purcell Duchy from the back. They’re moving towards Casa City and have unknown intentions.”

Quinn John snorted coldly. “It’s nothing unclear. They’re here to deal with us. Since they definitely know Zhao Hai is also in Casa City, they want to deal with all of us in one go.”

Green nodded. “I also think this is the case. Let them come. We’ll tidy them up before withdrawing immediately. I want to see what they can give us.”

Laura turned towards Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, what about resolving Alodia’s matter? Why haven’t we moved on them these last few days?”

Zhao Hai nodded. “I need to resolve them. These past few days, they found out too much. I wasn’t resolved to killing them since I didn’t want to kill those who don’t have the power to fight back, but I have no choice now.”

When Zhao Hai said this, Laura and the others understood. Zhao Hai needed to find an excuse for himself, an excuse that allowed him to kill them.

This behaviour might seem ridiculous and self-deceiving. On the other hand, this behaviour also had some good points. At least it would allow them to feel a bit better.

* * * * *

After eating their evening meal, Alodia and the others returned to their rooms. All of their weapons had been taken away. Through their observations these last few days, Alodia understood that Laura had the determination to kill them.

Unfortunately, Alodia couldn’t do anything. They didn’t have any weapons and were surrounded by all those undead. No one could escape from such a thing.

All they could do was stay in their room honestly. If Laura really wanted to kill them, then all they could do was go all out against her.

Sadness. Alodia felt unprecedented sadness. He was thinking about how high-spirited he had been before. No matter where he went within the Aksu Empire, so long as he revealed his identity as Carlo’s subordinate, no one would dare to undermine him. Now, however, he had fallen into a situation where he could only wait for his death. It was like he were a blue-eyed rabbit taken to the slaughterhouse, waiting as they readied their knives. This was a very unpleasant feeling.

He was thinking of resisting, but it would be of no use. No matter how restless they became, the undead could easily contain them. So long as they approached the undead, they would immediately be attacked. They wouldn’t even attack to kill, instead, they’ll be disabling them twice before tossing them back into the courtyard. It was as simple as that.

If they were dealing with humans, then Alodia could have tried to communicate with them. He could have tried to take advantage of them and have them spare his life. Right now, however, they were not dealing with humans, but undead. He wouldn’t even waste his breath with them—undead couldn’t be bought. Even if he had all kinds of schemes, they wouldn’t be tricked.

These last few days, Alodia looked aged as his spirit was constantly tormented. He didn’t expect such a day would come. What’s more, he never would have thought Laura would be the one to hold them. She could easily kill them at any time.

Alodia, however, still held some faith within him. For the past several days, he firmly believed that Carlo would send people to rescue him. As Carlo’s most trusted aide, Alodia was clear about some matters. Behind Carlo wasn’t only the Markey Dell clan, but also Southern King Boric. At this crucial moment, Carlo would certainly ask Boric to move. This was what Alodia’s spirit was hanging onto.

For the last few days, Alodia had been diligently gathering information about Laura. This was possible to do so long as they didn’t leave the front gate of the yard—they could still move around inside Faith Mansion freely. Alodia wanted to collect information about Laura that could be of some use in the future.

Laura’s actions these last few days were clear to Alodia since he could see her movements. This had boosted his confidence to go on living. What Laura had shown clearly stated that they were going somewhere else, that they had to run. There was only one explanation for this: enemies had come.

He knew Laura had one enemy, and that was Carlo. Since he saw this, his determination to live was strengthened.

At the same time, Alodia noted several warehouses in the rear yard of Faith Mansion. Seemingly, these warehouses were constantly being filled. Carriages continued to pull up and fill the warehouse with commodities, but it was like the warehouse was a bottomless pit.

Alodia didn’t suspect the use of spatial equipment within the warehouse. He instead thought that there was a secret passage inside. That they were using that to ship commodities out. He secretly wrote this down in order to inform Carlo.

Alodia knew, however, that this would be difficult. He knew Laura wouldn’t let them off. Since he was able to notice the commodities entering Faith Mansion, he knew Laura didn’t try to avoid their attention. As such, he knew Laura decided not to let them off. Yet, he was still holding onto the belief that, somehow, they would be able to go on living.

That night, as per usual, Alodia observed and counted. Since the time Laura had begun transporting commodities into Faith Mansion till now, it had been a full ten days. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that the amount of commodities was enough to fill the whole of Faith Mansion. Oddly, everything that entered Faith Mansion seemed to have disappeared. Alodia didn’t truly understand how Laura was able to move those things.

Alodia lay quietly on the bed, thinking about Laura’s recent actions. He didn’t understand why Laura was doing such things so suddenly. Why did she suddenly dare to challenge Carlo. Who was it that she depended on? Was it only due to the virtue of Evan’s few words? That’s highly unlikely, no?

As he thought about this, Alodia suddenly smelled a fragrance. The smell grew stronger and stronger until he found it difficult to breathe. Alodia woke up fiercely. He wanted to jump out of bed and tell everyone that Laura was poisoning them.

Even though his mind issued the jump, his body wasn’t able to carry it out. His body felt as though it weighed half a ton[1]. He wanted to shout, but found that he couldn’t, that it was too strenuous to do so. Alodia couldn’t help but marvel at what kind of poison this was. It was truly too fierce. These were his last thoughts.

* * * * *

This poison was naturally derived from the toxin of the seven-coloured flower. It was Zhao Hai who had Cai’er place this poison. Since Alodia and his team had to die without much noise, Zhao Hai decided to let Cai’er use the poison.

The poison taken from the toxin of the seven-coloured flower was further strengthened due to the Space. Compared to how it was before, it wasn’t only just formidable. Before, it could be regarded as a simple chronic poison. Now, however, it was merged with the toxicity from the Space’s pesticide and could now be described as highly poisonous.

That night, the silent execution of Alodia and his team didn’t cause too much noise. Zhao Hai turned them into undead afterwards. Unfortunately, Alodia didn’t seem to know much. Aside from his knowledge of the relationship between Carlo and Boric, Lycra knew more than him.

Although Alodia shared some information on Carlo’s situation, this wasn’t very important to them. Compared to the powerful Southern King Boric, Carlo was, at best, a jumping clown.

On the eleventh day, Laura didn’t transport anything to Faith Mansion. The commodities they’d transported the last several days had already been excessive and might soon affect the necessities market within the Purcell Duchy. Laura didn’t want to offend the Purcell clan in their last moments.

Laura started to send people away. If they wanted to be free commoners, Laura gave them severance pay and allowed them to go home. The rest were the most loyal part of her subordinates and would follow Laura. Quinn John had already counted them before and, altogether, they amounted to a total of fifty-four people. Twenty-two of them were warriors while the rest were slaves Laura had bought when she first started out in the Purcell Duchy.

These people weren’t stewards and the matters they handled couldn’t be considered important. On the other hand, it could be said that they were the most loyal of her subordinates. Three of them were carpenters, and another three were blacksmiths. There were also six who were specialized in raising magic beast, also called grooms if they were on Earth.

Besides those people, the remaining individuals were clan members. The men were generally servants while the women were maidservants or cooks.

Adding in Laura, Quinn John, Nier, Karen, Kiel, and Searle[2], there were a total of sixty people joining the Buda clan. Starting today, they were no longer members of the Markey Dell clan, but people of the Buda clan.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]千斤 – Qiānjīn. 1000 jin, with Jin being half a Kilogram. As such, I just stuck with “half a ton”, a ton being 1000 Kilograms. Just sounds better. 500 Kilograms is about 1100 pounds.

[2]It’s either Searle or someone new named Sean… 肖恩 – Xiào ēn, are the characters.





Chapter 218: Wait[1]


After everyone finished preparing, Zhao Hai took them away. Laura, Green, Quinn John, Nier, and Meg, however, stayed back in Faith Mansion along with Zhao Hai.

They were waiting, not for anyone else but Carlo’s people. How many of his men were currently in Casa City? They would tidy them up before leaving.

Right now, they were forced to leave Casa City and the Purcell Duchy. They’d suppressed that anger in the heart, but if they couldn’t vent, then it would become very uncomfortable.

Zhao Hai knew that in two days time, those mercenaries would arrive in Casa City. When that time comes, they would make their move. For the past two days, they lived honestly. They were in seclusion, the gates of Faith Mansion completely closed as they declined any visitors. Nobody came in or out. Compared to the busy atmosphere from before, it seemed like another world.

Even though the forces within Casa City thought it was strange, they weren’t too surprised as Laura had sent away many of her people. They thought she’d already secretly left with the supplies stored in Faith Mansion. The large firms didn’t care much. For large merchants like Laura, they each had one or two of their own secrets. Commodities could easily be moved through a secret passage.

Big firms had big businesses as their livelihoods. The top merchant firms on the continent created headquarters within major cities and made secret passages to move from inside the city to outside. This was an open secret, and no one would know how vast the passages were or where they led to.

It could be said that these passages were secrets the large merchant firms used to maintain their livelihoods. They were the clans’ most valued secrets. Nobody knows of it except the core members of the clan. This was why the large firms weren’t that concerned about the whereabouts of those commodities.

Conversely, Laura’s actions made those firms think of another point. One must know that the secret passages were used as a clan’s final lifeline. So long as one didn’t face a life and death crisis, one wouldn’t use it. With Laura moving through the secret passage, it showed that they were facing a situation. This puzzled those who didn’t know of Boric.

The large firms thought Laura’s retreat was due to the Purcell clan withdrawing their support of her. Because of that, Laura couldn’t stand against the Markey Dell clan, so she decided to give up on everything and prepare to leave.

Those large firms, however, still didn’t make a move against Laura. In their opinion, although the Purcell clan wouldn’t help Laura, they still thought she wasn’t affable. A few days ago, Zhao Hai had entered Faith Mansion and hadn’t left. They had seen how formidable Zhao Hai was. With that recognition, they didn’t want to offend such a powerful black magician.

Laura’s stores were still continuing their business. Nobody dared to grab those businesses because the Purcell clan had made a public statement that said she’d transferred the Higanbana stores over to the Purcell clan. From now on, they were a part of the Purcell clan.

The large firms attached great importance to this news. Higanbana stores now controlled 40% of the Purcell Duchy’s daily necessities market. This was really too high. Laura had cooperated with the Purcell Duchy before, so she hadn’t been suppressed. Now, however, it was different. Those shops were now owned by the Purcell Duchy. In other words, within the Purcell Duchy, the Purcell clan now controlled the bulk of the daily necessities market. Wishing to storm into this line of business in the future would be impossible.

Since they knew Laura had to leave, they didn’t feel in the mood to pay her any attention. Instead, they placed their attention towards the Higanbana stores. The Higanbana commodities had been turned over to the Purcell clan. Future changes to the daily necessities market within the Purcell Duchy would be difficult to foresee.

The mercenaries didn’t let Laura and Zhao Hai wait too long. On the fifteenth day, the mercenaries entered Casa City.

When they entered Casa City, the Purcell clan set their eyes on them. They had to know what movements the mercenaries would make and report it to Laura. Evan had felt quite guilty towards Laura, and thus wanted to compensate by doing something for her.

Laura was grateful with regards to Evan’s good intentions. Although she had her own intelligence network, she didn’t move them. After all, the Higanbana stores had already been given over to the Purcell clan. She’d make the Purcell clan unhappy with her petty actions. As such, she’d wait for the gust of wind to cross first. Then she’d make use of her intelligence network at that time.

These days, Laura didn’t idle. Those that were willing to leave with her were sent to Fort Iron Mountain. Zhao Hai hadn’t intended to place humans at Stony Mountain, so Cai-er had withdrawn her seven-colored flowers and vines. Furthermore, the black fog had dispersed. But since it was still a known domain of Zhao Hai, no one dared to go up because of his reputation.

As a place where a black magician had stayed, not many had the guts to venture there. They feared the toxins. Other than that, there was a stipulation set for an individual’s property. This stipulation had defined provisions. For example, Zhao Hai bought Stony Mountain, so if anyone broke into it there would be repercussions and Zhao Hai could kill them.

They weren’t afraid that those sent to Fort Iron Mountain would run away. Even if there was a spy among them, Zhao Hai wasn’t scared. Outside of Fort Iron Mountain were undead defending the area, along with Eagle Virtuous Phantasms patrolling the skies. Simply put, even if they knew of the situation within Fort Iron Mountain, it was simply impossible for them to pass on the news.

Moreover, these past few days, Laura had arranged for the things she’d moved from Faith Mansion to be placed in Fort Iron Mountain. The problem was that Faith Mountain wasn’t small and there were many good things in there. Zhao Hai hadn’t decorated Fort Iron Mountain before, so there were only a few simple furnitures placed within and it looked very rough. Since Laura now transferred her items over from Faith Mansion, Fort Iron Mountain exuded a little more of a noble’s aura.

During their wait, Zhao Hai led Laura and the others around and let them adjust and understand the situation within Fort Iron Mountain. He brought them to the tarn and mine tunnels where he raised the rabbits. Quinn John and Laura sighed and sighed after seeing those places. They hadn’t expected Zhao Hai to have achieved so much in such a short period of time.

Zhao Hai didn’t hide the truth from them and led them to the Space Ranch in order to check it. It was now Level 5. We can say it was now Level 5 due to Laura. Previously, Laura gave Zhao Hai many magic beasts that he then raised within the Space. Some of those were many-legged insects[2] or long-haired swine[3].

With the help of those, Zhao Hai’s ranch was upgraded. Furthermore, he could now raise a hundred more animals, which made Zhao Hai happy. He immediately raised a number of those long-haired swines.

The Space’s rating for those long-haired swines was Level 4 magic beast. Outside the Space, however, it was given a rating of Level 1 since it had no aggressiveness and was known as the continent’s most common carnivore[4].

Zhao Hai didn’t raise many of the long-haired swines since the Higanbana stores weren’t something Laura considered anymore and was just being managed by the Purcell clan. Zhao Hai raised them for the purpose of providing meat and saving for future use.

Laura and the others now had quite a good understanding of the Space after several days of observation. In regards to the Space’s magical items, they had become used to them. The most free and unfettered of them now, however, was Karen.

After taking over the basement of the Spatial Villa, Karen made it his experiment room and rarely came out. He was busy doing experiments inside and once he tired out, he’d pass out asleep or take a stroll outside in the prairie. He was completely loose and unburdened and passed the days comfortably.

In Zhao Hai’s view, Karen was simply more of an otaku than himself when he was on Earth. He stayed home all the time and never went out. Aside from eating and sleeping, he would mostly be staying inside his experiment room. When he was tired, he’d just take a short stroll but never said anything about leaving the Space.

In Karen’s words, he didn’t like to see many people. Back in Faith Mansion, he didn’t leave the mansion and only went in and out of his room when he was tired. He’d also walk around in the courtyard, but never passed the gates of Faith Mansion.

When Zhao Hai heard him, he became speechless. Karen was simply a higher quality otaku. He also wanted higher quality goods than Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai was tolerant. Wanting an otaku to contact the outside was a very difficult thing to do. Not to mention that Karen was focused on his research, so he was that kind of otaku. Making him get involved with others and wanting him to change was too difficult.

Zhao Hai didn’t want him to change anyway. Now that Space had grown, he could go out and stroll around whenever he wanted. Not wanting to leave his room was alright as well since the air within the Space was good. He didn’t need to fear any dangers occurring and it was actually good for his body to stay inside the Space[5].

Zhao Hai didn’t inquire into Karen’s experiments. Even if he did ask, he wouldn’t be able to understand it anyway. What Karen researched were magic arrays and formations. Although Adam had known about magic in the past, he didn’t dabble in magic arrays and formations. It was due to his ignorant and incompetent disposition back then. Nowadays, Zhao Hai was also busy and didn’t have the time to study such things, so he didn’t understand them.

In the end, he had people keep watch over Faith Mansion. This was due to Evan occasionally sending them information. Zhao Hai and the others were counting on this information.

The info they received today was very simple. This evening, the mercenaries would attack Laura. Moreover, the mercenaries had visited Evan and told him to not interfere with their matters tonight.

Originally, Evan had wanted to scold those people. He endured their tone in the end, for the Purcell clan. Evan, however, told them to not make any large moves, else he would be impolite.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]Otherwise known as the ultimate filler chapter.

[2]多足虫 – Duō zú chóng. Many/Multi. Legged/Foot. Insects/Worm/Invertebrate.

[3]长毛猪 – Cháng máozhū. Long. Hair/Fur. Swine/Hog/Pig. Think of a really hairy pig…

[4]It’s either 食肉动物 – Shíròu dòngwù which is Carnivore, or the author somehow means the literal characters, which is 食, Food, 肉, Meat, and 动物, Animal. So meat animal? I dunno.

[5]Ultimate NEET world.





Chapter 219: Black Magician Alliance[1]


With the information she held in her hands, Laura smiled wryly and said to Zhao Hai, “This situation is somewhat difficult to handle. Boric even told the Purcell clan to not interfere with what’s going to happen tonight, and the Purcell clan agreed. Luckily, Grand Duke Evan is a good person, else he would just pretend to cooperate with us, but is in fact working with Southern King Boric to deal with us. Even if we have Brother Hai’s Space, I fear it will be difficult to escape this unharmed.”

Quinn John nodded as he understood what Laura meant. Although Zhao Hai had the Space, if not for Evan being in an alliance with them, Zhao Hai wouldn’t have been able to travel to Casa City. If not for all of these matters being pushed forward, Zhao Hai and Laura wouldn’t have come to such a result.

These kinds of feelings required a due process. Love at first sight. Such a thing only existed in legends. Even if there was truly such a thing, it wouldn’t have been borne within Zhao Hai and Laura’s bodies.

What was undeniable was the fact that Zhao Hai had saved Laura’s life. This had created a favorable impression of Zhao Hai from Laura. Zhao Hai, on the other hand, also had a favorable impression of Laura, and this was somewhat due to her likeness of Taylor Swift[2]. Aside from that, Laura had helped him a lot by selling the crops he harvested from within the Space. This was equal to helping Zhao Hai in a big way and deepened his impression of Laura.

Although they had a very good impression of each other, the time they’d spent with one another was still too short to reveal much. Now, however, they were being forced to leave their homes and face an unclear future. This was a person’s most vulnerable time, and was also a time where sentiment can be easily built up. They would be more impulsive and even the smallest of emotions could be boundlessly enlarged.

Zhao Hai and Laura had a mutually favorable impression of one another. Adding their emotions to this fact, and the couple had sparked something to life. Their hearts and minds were open to the other and had reached this current stage.

Now, after deciding upon this matter, Zhao Hai and Laura were able to confidently face the opposing party. Their feelings have already reached the destination and their hearts have already recognized the other as their lover. This naturally calmed them and made them more confident.

Individuals were like this. When things happen, their hearts would feel uneasy and cower easily in the absence of positivity. When they truly faced something head on, however, and solved the matter, they would naturally feel more confident.

All that had happened were a series of coincidences. If not for Carlo pressing harder and harder, some of this may not have been borne. Even if it did, it wouldn’t have been so quick. One could say that Carlo’s actions had been the catalyst that sped up this relationship.

Zhao Hai smiled lightly. “No wonder Evan, though he has a large clan, is still able to manage it. He has achieved this degree of power and is still good. After all, unlike us, he didn’t have to give up everything here and leave the Aksu Empire. So long as he is still within the Aksu Empire, he has no choice but to give Boric several points of face. This, however, doesn’t apply to us. As such, we can just deal with this attack.”

Laura faintly smiled. “Yes, we can deal with it. These days there has been a foul air. The feelings in my heart haven’t yet been released.”

Quinn John and the others smiled. They weren’t afraid of the oncoming attacks at all. Even though they could also be attacked by strong Rank Nine experts, they also had two of their own Rank Nine experts. So long as the black smog continued to cover Faith Mansion, people on the outside wouldn’t be able to see what happened within. With this, they could openly fight.

Boric, however, probably didn’t dare to truly send Rank Nine experts to Casa City just to chase them down. If he really did send one, then it would be equal to giving no consideration for the Purcell clan’s face. This would cause the Purcell clan’s Rank Nine expert to be impolite.

There was an unwritten rule within the continent. For a city guarded by a Rank Nine expert, other Rank Nines weren’t allowed to enter without a reason. Otherwise, it would be seen as a challenge towards the guarding Rank Nine expert.

Although the Purcell clan was still uncertain of Wind Saint Buffy’s fate after he’d entered the Carrion Swamp, they still had the Universal Origin Sword Saint to assume command. The Universal Origin Sword Saint was very famous within the continent. Most wouldn’t dare to stroke a tiger lightly.

It was precisely due to this that Zhao Hai wasn’t worried. So long as there wasn’t a Rank Nine expert, Green could just deal with them. As such, they needn’t be afraid.

Just then, Green’s complexion suddenly changed. With a cold voice, he said, “You out there, come out. Otherwise, don’t blame me for being impolite.”

A gloomy voice sounded, “You are indeed ferocious. Worthy of being a peak Rank Eight expert to be able to see through my Ghost Sneaks Technique[3].”

Upon hearing the voice, Zhao Hai immediately stood up. Meg took out her Sealed Magic Iron Tome and cast a great deal of light element protection magic upon Zhao Hai. Quinn John also moved to protect Laura’s back.

Green stared at a corner of the room and coldly said, “Rank Eight black magician. A powerful existence has suddenly appeared. It’s a pity you aren’t all that proficient in using the Ghost Sneaks Technique.”

Ghost Sneaks Technique was an advanced level black magic. This magic was mainly used for assassination or for running away from an enemy. This was a specialized black magic technique and there was no way for other magicians to learn it.

This Ghost Sneaks Technique, once used, allowed one to become invisible like a ghost and stop others from feeling their existence. Due to these characteristics, it was called Ghost Sneaks Technique.

Green had, however, seen this Ghost Sneaks Technique before. On the battlefield, the opposing force would do anything to kill the other side. Green became famous and was known as the Spiritwind Battle General during such a time. As such, assassinations aimed for his life was a common occurrence. This Ghost Sneaks Technique was something he’d witnessed several times. This had caused him to become experienced in its use, otherwise he’d have been unable to detect the presence of the black magician just now.

As soon as the person heard what Green said, he chuckled a few times. Although it was a laugh, there was a gloomy air about it. It didn’t weaken the sound, but it did make them feel uncomfortable.

As the laughter echoed, a man slowly emerged. He wore a black magic robe that looked a bit old and held a wooden magic staff. Although it was made of wood, it was completely black. At two meters long, it was covered in many strange symbols and the head of the staff was carved into an odd shape. It looked very strange.

Green looked coldly at the person and said, “Who are you? Who sent you?”

The black magician smiled and bowed to them. “Please allow me to introduce myself. This one is an elder of the Black Magician Alliance, Maru[4].”

Zhao Hai and the others looked puzzledly at Maru. This was the first time they had heard of this so-called Black Magician Alliance. Don’t even mention Zhao Hai, the well-informed Laura also hadn’t heard of such an alliance on the continent.

Maru obviously saw their puzzled looks and faintly smiled. “I see everybody hasn’t heard of the Black Magician Alliance, but this isn’t surprising. The establishment of the Black Magician Alliance dated back only five years ago. As such, besides the black magicians that have joined, nobody else knows of the organization’s existence.”

Green knitted his brow and said, “Don’t waste your breath with so many words. Just tell us your purpose for coming here.”

Maru wasn’t angry. Instead, he smiled faintly and turned to Zhao Hai. “I came here this time to invite Mister Zhao Hai to join the Black Magician Alliance.”

As soon as Zhao Hai and the others heard what Maru said, they all gawked. Zhao Hai looked at Maru and asked with confusion, “What is the reason for inviting me?”

Maru smiled and said, “Please allow me to sit before explaining.”

Aside from appearing without warning in the beginning, Maru’s words had been very polite and he seemed like a gentleman. Zhao Hai and the others’ vigilance within their hearts had lowered. With Green’s presence, Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about his own security, so he let Meg put away her Angel of Protection[5] and allowed Maru to sit down.

After he sat down, Meg gave Maru a cup of tea. Maru’s expression showed politeness and this made Zhao Hai curious about him. From the beginning until now, Maru’s performance gave off the air of a noble, one that was a great deal higher in status than him who was just an ungraceful aristocrat.

Maur sipped his tea before placing the cup down. He looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister Zhao Hai is a black magician, so you should certainly feel that black magicians have been isolated on the continent. Walking outside is very inconvenient. Most feel badly of us and compare us to mercenaries, that is, killers, thieves, swindlers. They look at us as though we are evil, that we would eat humans at any time.”

With regards to this, Zhao Hai had felt it as well. Although it could be said that when a black magician arrived, no one would dare to annoy them, in truth it was just as Maru said. Black magicians were being pushed into isolation by the humans of the continent. In their eyes, black magicians were synonymous with evil, which wasn’t a good thing.

Maru saw Zhao Hai’s nod and continued, “In fact, it wasn’t like this in the beginning and people didn’t think of black magicians like that. Although black magicians are somewhat strange, we do develop pharmaceuticals and research black magic to treat people of their wounds in order to help them. We black magicians were once called creatures of the dark and were an indispensable part of an aristocrat’s or major force’s army. Our essential battle strength had made it so that none would dare go wild at night.”

This time around, it was Quinn John’s turn to nod. Quinn John had dealt with many people, so he knew what Maru said was true. Before, many aristocrats and countries tried to please black magicians. It was due to their characteristics of increasing their battle efficiency during the night that black magicians became an indispensable part of their army. As of now, however, most national armies didn’t have a single black magician within their ranks.

Maru watched them and the smile on his face grew larger. He quickly put away the smile and said to Zhao Hai and the others, “This situation, however, has slowly changed. I don’t know when such a rumor spread throughout the continent, but black magicians soon became a symbol of evil, the incarnations of devils. People slowly began to isolate the black magicians. At first, we didn’t realise the problem, but later on this became a very big issue and we had already been isolated from the people on the continent.

Here, Maru’s voice held a trace of heaviness. It was very obvious that the seriousness of the problem had exceeded his imagination. As such, he became very solemn.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]黑魔法师联盟 – Hēi mófǎ shī liánméng. No real confusion here.

[2]Which makes every other reader go dull-eyed.

[3]幽灵潜行术 – Yōulíng qiánxíng shù. Ghost/Spectre. Sneak. Technique/Art/Method. I like the use of Ghost Sneaks cause it’s a rather nice image.

[4]玛鲁 – Mǎ lǔ.

[5]天使之护 – Tiānshǐ zhī hù. Questionable whether this is the actual technique name.





Chapter 220: Radiance Church[1]


An occupation, but isolated by all. This meant it would have no way to continue its existence and was destined to perish. An occupation needed to be inherited; what it needed were the people. This was the most important part, the people. Unfortunately, no one favored the occupation, so no one could continue it. An occupation that loses its inheritance is similar to a clan that loses its inheritance. Sooner or later, it would perish.

This was the reason why Maru was so serious about the matter. The inheritance of black magicians would be broken if no one was willing to become one. With regards to black magicians, this wasn’t good news.

Maru said, “Since this situation occurred, we immediately began to investigate. These rumors didn’t appear on the continent for no reason at all. It’s certain that some people were specifically aiming for this. After careful investigations, we found that the ones behind these rumors and promoting it amongst the people came from Radiance Church.”

To be honest, this answer wasn’t out of Zhao Hai’s expectations. On the continent, black magicians had been isolated, yet light magicians earned a great deal of respect. The reason for this status was their extermination of black magicians everywhere.

If these rumors were said to be unrelated to light magicians, then no one would believe it. Yet, for those in power, this issue didn’t harm them. Radiance Church’s religious doctrine stated that the commoners shouldn’t bitterly stand against their rulers and stay in their status quo. The reasoning given by Radiance Church’s religious doctrine was that by going against them, you would suffer hardship and wouldn’t even be able to enter heaven after death.

What is heaven? Nobody has seen it, but the Radiance Church’s religious doctrine states that it is a world of beauty. It is a place where people didn’t need to do anything, yet would be able to eat good food and wear extravagant clothes.

Without a doubt, such a doctrine was favored by those in charge and wouldn’t be opposed by many who ruled countries. As such, Radiance Church missionary work went unimpeded and they continually suppressed the black magicians while also taking an uncaring attitude to everything else.

Maru looked at Zhao Hai and found that he didn’t look that surprised. He smiled bitterly as he ridiculed himself. He’d observed that these people already knew of this issue. Zhao Hai and the others looked as though they’d already guessed this before while those on Maru’s side had spent so long to come to such a conclusion.

Maru smiled bitterly and said, “It was due to this insight that the black magicians set up their own organization, the Black Magician Alliance. There are two main purposes for this organization. First is to oppose the Radiance Church. The second is to pass down the magical techniques of black magicians.”

Zhao Hai nodded and looked Maru in the eye. “So this is the reason you looked for me? To have me join the Black Magician Alliance because I am a black magician?”

Maru nodded. “Yes, it is because you are also a black magician. A black magician like you will certainly be hunted down by the Radiance Church. Some time ago, Garan[2] had tried to harm you. It was actually the Radiance Church that sent him to deal with you. Furthermore, you still do not know how strong the Radiance Church is. Their power is a great deal stronger than what was displayed back then.”

Zhao Hai and the others looked at Maru, who also looked back at them. “You may not believe it, but right now, many small duchies are currently being directly controlled by the Radiance Church,” Maru said with a cold voice. “Furthermore, Southern King Boric is a Protector Knight[3] of the Radiance Church and was also ordered to deal with you. So aside from Carlo, this was definitely due to the Radiance Church.”

This was contrary to what Zhao Hai and everyone else anticipated. They didn’t think that the powerful and influential Southern King Boric would willingly become a Protector Knight of Radiance Church. This truly surprised them.

Maru looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Don’t be so surprised. Radiance Church is composed of three divisions. First are the various archbishops headed by the Pope. Next are the Protector Knights of the Round Table Knight Order[4]. The last division are those who follow the teachings of suffering monks and make up the Monk Order[5], and the three groups are relatively independent of one another.

“The main task of the Pope is to manage the daily operations of the church. The Round Table Knight Order protects the church while the Monk Order’s main duties constitute missionary work.”

Zhao Hai and the others listened quietly. Hearing such a detailed explanation from Maru showed that they hadn’t been investigating Radiance Church for only a few days. It seemed like the phrase, “the person you understand the most is your enemy,” wasn’t wrong.

Maru continued, “Although the Pope manages the daily operations of Radiance Church, he doesn’t have the power to control the Round Table Knight Order, nor the Monk Order. The knights within the Round Table Knight Order of Radiance Church are in fact made up of members that are powerful figures of various countries. The identity of each individual isn’t simple and they manage the Round Table Knight Order, which is similar to managing the entirety of the church’s armed forces.

“The Pope, in addition to managing the daily affairs of his archbishops, also controls some of the church’s outside powers, such as a few assassin organizations and mercenary groups. Compared to these two, the Monk Order seems relatively weaker, but could be considered Radiance Church’s most devout followers. They generally wear coarse clothing and travel for a long period of time around the continent in order to spread the teachings of the Radiance Church. As they do so, they heal people of their illnesses and do not possess riches. They do not hunt for their food, but instead rely on charity. The Monk Order is composed of magicians, but since the church is getting more and more rich, fewer individuals are willing to become suffering monks. There are only a few true suffering monks left.”

After telling them of such, Maru couldn’t help but reveal a color of admiration. It was clear that he had a high level of approval of those suffering monks. It was sad, however, that they were now enemies of the Radiance Church.

This was the first time Zhao Hai had heard of such self-torture as an occupation. It sounded relatively similar to what he knew of monks, but they were also different. They sounded a great deal stronger than regular monks.

Maru sighed. “If the Radiance Church could be like those suffering monks, then the continent would be very lucky. What a pity. Nowadays, only a few of those magicians could endure such hardship and become a suffering monk. Right now, the Radiance Church is controlled by the Pope and the Round Table Knight Order. They resort to finding ways of increasing and enhancing the status of the Radiance Church in the hearts of the people on the continent. They are hanging onto the laws of the land in order to make money. They are greedier than merchants and have a darker heart than politicians[6].”

Maru clenched his teeth as he said this. It was obvious that the suppression of the black magicians had been led by the Pope and the Round Table Knight Order.

Maru calmed down and looked at Zhao Hai, saying, “You may not believe it, but previously, the Immortal Mercenary Group that had attacked Laura was controlled by the Radiance Church. It was also the same with Garan[7], and those three black magicians that had been hired to attack you. The ones behind the scenes is the Radiance Church. No one knows of this, however. On the outside, the Radiance Church shows a benevolent and compassionate appearance, but are actually secretly participating in evil deeds comparable with devils.”

Zhao Hai and the others were shocked. This news, for them, was truly too shocking[8]. They had no way of knowing who had commissioned the Immortal Mercenary Group. They never thought that such shadowy killing organizations like this had links with the Radiance Church. Moreover, Maru knowing this information meant that they’d carried out a detailed investigation. It seemed that the Black Magician Alliance wouldn’t be a good crop[9].

Maru watched Zhao Hai’s face and smiled faintly. “These issues are matters we investigated clearly. If we didn’t have such strength, then we wouldn’t be able to match up against Radiance Church. The reason why they pitted Boric against you was, first, because they wanted to get their hands on your Taoyuan products. The second reason was because you are a black magician. They are afraid that you’ll join the Black Magician Alliance. If you did so, then with your financial support, the Black Magician Alliance would become a greater threat to them.”

Zhao Hai and Laura were both surprised for a moment. The two of them couldn’t help but look at one another. Although Maru’s words meant nothing on the surface, Zhao Hai had actually deciphered the fact that the Black Magician Alliance was lacking in finances.

They weren’t fools. Maru could give such a confidential performance because he had a reason. At first, Zhao Hai didn’t know what it was. Now, however, he understood. To put it bluntly, they needed him for his money.

Maru saw their expressions and immediately knew what they were thinking. With a righteous air, he said, “Please, Mister Zhao Hai, don’t misunderstand. I invited you to join the Black Magician Alliance not because of your money. As an organization, we, the Black Magician Alliance, do not have distinctions between upper and lower ranks. The alliance does not have a leader, but an Elders Assembly. The Elders Assembly will not order its magician members. If they want a magician to do something, then they would first listen to the magician’s opinion on the matter.

“This time, the main reason we are asking Mister to join the Black Magician Alliance is simply because you are a black magician. Aside from those controlled by the Radiance Church, we invite all black magicians to join the alliance.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “After joining the alliance, we will I need to do?

As soon as Maru heard what Zhao Hai said, he knew this matter had passed through open doors. Thus, he immediately said, “There are no excessive requirements, just two. First, since it’s difficult to meet all the magicians in the alliance, members should lend a hand to each other when they can. The second is to collect any information on the Radiance Church and deal with them however possible on one’s own. These two are the only requirements.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “What can the alliance provide me then? Of course, I don’t mean in the financial aspect, but what can they provide me in other aspects?”

Maru smiled slightly. “Of course there will be benefits. The alliance can provide you with information and intelligence. We can also provide you with manpower to help you. Naturally, the manpower provided will require a cost to be handed to the alliance. Furthermore, you will need to commission every person you take in.”

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]光明教会 – Guāngmíng jiàohuì. Light/Bright/Clear light. Church. I wanted to keep this separate from Light Magicians—光明魔法师—since the church doesn’t really house only Light Magicians. As such, Radiance Church. Light Church is also generic sounding…

[2]The RAW said Zhao Jia, but he shouldn’t know Zhao Hai changed the guy’s name to Zhao Jia… Or that he has a light magician undead…

[3]护教骑士 – Hù jiào qíshì. Protect/Guard (护). Religious (教). Knight (骑士). If people want, it can also be Guard Paladin or something, but that sounds too impressive… Guardian Knight would also have been a choice… but Guardian is 衛士, and 士 means knight/warrior, so it’s weird, kinda.

[4]What a mouthful. 圆桌骑士会 – Yuánzhuō qíshì huì. 圆桌 = Round Table. 骑士 = Knights. 会 = Conference/Association/Society.

[5]This was a difficult one. 行者会 – Xíngzhě huì. The 会 is the same as above, but the first two 行者 were so confusing… I asked another TL and they said 行者 can mean monk, so I just went with it…

[6]Don’t ask. There seems to be politicians in this world ruled by a rather strict class system…

[7]Again, he uses Zhao Jia…

[8]It’s also a common cliche nowadays.

[9]Farming idiom I don’t get.





Chapter 221: Joining the Alliance


Zhao Hai nodded. Such conditions were acceptable for him. If the Black Magician Alliance was truly this loose, then joining wouldn’t be an issue.

Maru watched Zhao Hai’s expression, smiled, then said, “So long as you join the alliance, some common and ordinary intelligence will be provided free of charge. If you wish for the alliance to help you investigate matters with special circumstances, or to look up a specific individual, then the alliance will request a fee. This fee will be based on the difficulty of obtaining this information.

“Naturally, the alliance will also give missions you can partake in. For example, some magicians might also with to obtain information on certain individuals. How much you help in their investigations will become the basis for the amount you gain off the alliance’s commision. If there is a magician that requires a magic beast and you help in catching it, then the alliance will also pass a commision for that as well.”

Zhao Hai smiled and thought the Black Magician Alliance was interesting. It seemed like a common mercenary guilds in novels back on Earth. The things they did were similar, except that the alliance catered to black magicians.

Smiling, Zhao Hai said, “What do I need to give in order to join the alliance?”

As soon as he heard the question, Maru understood Zhao Hai’s intent. He was excited and immediately replied, “We do not require anything. It’s fine if you just agree to join. Later on, you cannot spread matters pertaining to the alliance and you cannot betray it. If you agree, then take this and become a full fledged member of the alliance.”

As he spoke, Maru took out a small badge. The badge was similar to the size of a yuan coin back on Earth. On the front side was a dark cloud pattern while the back had a pin, allowing it to be attached to one’s clothing

Zhao Hai carefully inspected the simple badge. After a while, he looked at Maru and said, “Such a simple badge, aren’t you afraid of fabrications?”

Maru smiled. “No. Although this badge looks insignificant and made of simple metal, it was actually made by an elder of the alliance. They performed a few magic experiments and obtained this. Although it isn’t a hard metal, it has very good elasticity. It can change its shape when subjected to external force, then slowly change back to its original state. Moreover, the badge has a number that prevents others from making a counterfeit.”

Memory metal[1]!

As Zhao Hai listened, he thought the material of the badge was similar to memory metal. He really didn’t think there would be such a thing on this continent.

Zhao Hai took up the small badge and carefully checked it, yet he couldn’t see anything peculiar about it. He placed the badge back on the table and turned to Maru. “If the alliance had a lot of rules, I wouldn’t have agreed to join.”

Maru couldn’t help but feel happy. He had a certain understanding of Zhao Hai. He knew Zhao Hai was very strong. During the time Garan[2] had tried to cope with Zhao Hai, his group disappeared without a trace. There was also the attack on Laura by the Immortal Mercenary Group that he repelled. Later on, they too had vanished from the continent. This had proven Zhao Hai’s strength. Such a powerful black magician joining the Black Magician Alliance would definitely increase their strength. This was what made Maru truly happy.

Obviously, the Black Magician Alliance was more into preservation when compared with the Radiance Church. Their aim was simple. Just as Maru said, they aimed to first help other black magicians and pass down their magic techniques. The second goal was to resist the Radiance Church.

Compared to Radiance Church, the Black Magician Alliance’s organization structure was quite loose and less utilitarian. Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to join the alliance.

Once he saw Zhao Hai taking the badge, Maru felt relieved. He smiled and said, “Good. From now on, you are a member of the Black Magician Alliance. Our alliance’s main goal is to help other black magicians and resist Radiance Church. For the rest of the time, you can do your own thing and needn’t worry about being restrained.”

Zhao Hai smiled. “This is good. Since Sir Maru has come this time, we must entertain sir well. Laura, order some people to make preparations. In a while, I will ask sir to join us for a meal. After dinner, I would also like to ask sir to enjoy a play.”

Laura smiled faintly and said, “Alright, I’ll order them to prepare. We happen to have several fire fish at the moment, so it will be good so serve it to sir.” She then told Nier to start preparing.

Maru looked at them strangely. After hearing him speak Laura’s given name, it seemed that Zhao Hai and Laura had some sort of relationship. It wasn’t just that of a collaborator with her benefactor, but instead displayed a sort of intimacy.

What was more important was that he heard Laura telling him to eat fire fish. Although fire fish was not an advanced level magic beast, it was very difficult to eat some. Maru was only a black magician and hadn’t eaten fire fish before. Laura suggesting this was truly surprising.

Before, Laura had returned with fire fish from her visits to Zhao Hai’s place. It wasn’t a gift, but something they ate privately and it also hadn’t been sold to her. As such, no one else on the continent knew Laura had a large amount of fire fish in her possession.

Maru felt extremely flattered with the accommodations. One must know that fire fish were very high quality. With the present status of black magicians, few could eat such delicacies. He hadn’t expected he would taste some today.

With regards to the play Zhao Hai had invited him to watch later, he understood what Zhao Hai had meant. He had investigated earlier before he came. For the past two days, Boric had sent his people into Casa City. It seemed that they were here to deal with Zhao Hai. He didn’t understand it at first, but now that he was being asked to deliberately stay here a bit longer, he knew Zhao Hai’s intentions. Zhao Hai had stayed back in order to wait for the people Boric sent.

Maru, however, didn’t say anything about that. He stayed and waited. In any case, Boric was also a member of Radiance Church, so tidying up his men would be a good thing.

Zhao Hai turned to Maru and said, “Sir Maru, may I know how many members the alliance has?”

Maru nodded. “Naturally. We currently have a total of 13,600 members. Although this may look like a lot, one must understand that the alliance aims to invite every black magician on the continent. While there are some black magicians we cannot contact, there are also those who are reluctant to join. On the continent, about forty or so out of a hundred meetings result in recruitment. If we only have so few, then our days will be tough.”

Zhao Hai nodded. Although he didn’t understand much about the situation of the Ark Continent, he had a certain understanding of the Purcell Duchy. As such, he knew the population of the Ark Continent was immense, and its size was probably greater than that of Earth. The population shouldn’t be lower than that of Earth. In this case, as an organization of the Ark Continent, even with a member count of over ten thousand it was a very skewed ratio.

Zhao Hai turned to Maru and asked, “Does the alliance have any semblance with the church? Like, do we control several mercenary groups?”

Maru smiled and said, “As you know, the alliance is an organization wherein those in direct control have no great power. Some magicians, however, have established their own forces, such as yourself. At present, your influence isn’t small. In the future, the alliance may ask for your help when necessary. Your strength is a part of the alliance and unlike the Radiance Church, we don’t directly order our members. We generally please the magicians working with us. As such, we usually give notice to the magician beforehand and seek their advice. If you don’t wish to help, then we won’t force you.”

Zhao Hai curiously asked, “What if a magician always declines to help? Will the alliance still provide information to him? Wouldn’t this be a loss for the alliance[3]?”

Maru chuckled. “The alliance isn’t a merchant group. It was established to help black magicians and help them pass down their magic. At the same time, we resist the Radiance Church. Helping the alliance is voluntary. We won’t force anyone.”

Zhao Hai somewhat admired Maru and the alliance. So far, the things that had been presented by the alliance showed that they wished to help black magicians. Furthermore, the utilitarianism wasn’t forced. Seeing this, it truly was actively trying to help the black magicians.

Nodding seriously, Zhao Hai said to Maru, “Sir Maru, please help me pass a message along to the Elders Assembly. If there is anything I can help with, please don’t be polite. So long as I can help, I shall.”

Maru laughed. “Alright. I will certainly pass on this message. Zhao Hai, we black magicians have been pushed into a dead end now. If we do not give our all, then it will be our own bad luck in the end.”

Zhao Hai nodded. Although he wasn’t a true black magician, helping the black magicians whenever he could was equal to gaining a patron. If anything happened in the future, then he could ask the Black Magician Alliance for help. This was very important for him.

Around this time, the food had finished being prepared. Zhao Hai and the rest moved to the dining hall and Meg immediately set the meals.

The truth was, these meals had been prepared within the Space. They’d been prepared by Meirin. What Laura had said earlier had just been a cover. Maru had invited Zhao Hai to join the Black Magician Alliance, and Zhao Hai didn’t wish to be malicious. It was just that the Space wasn’t something Zhao Hai could easily share with Maru. This was his greatest secret. Except for those whom he was intimate with, like Laura, in which he was sure wouldn’t betray him, he wouldn’t easily tell others about it.

The reason Zhao Hai didn’t conceal this secret from the slaves was because it was impossible for those slaves to betray Zhao Hai. In addition, it would be impossible for them to establish themselves anywhere else on the continent. If they weren’t under a master and ran away to some other place on the continent, then they would be called a runaway slave and captured. This was the reason why Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid of them speaking out irresponsibly.

The meal was very sumptuous. Of course, the main course was fire fish. There was also beef, pork, rabbit meat, and various kinds of vegetables. Maru looked at the vegetables and couldn’t help but swallow his saliva. These years, due to the suppression of the Radiance Church, the life of black magicians had become very bad. He himself hadn’t eaten such a grandiose meal as of late.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shape-memory_alloy.

[2]Again, it’s shown as Zhao Jia, which makes no sense.

[3]He can ask an intelligent question but can’t remember something had happened a few days ago when he’s suddenly in trouble… Yea, I’m talking about the Rank Nines in the swamp…





Chapter 222: Become My Slave


The meal made Maru very happy. Moreover, it surprised him that the meat on the table was all made with advanced level magic beasts as they contained a high level of magic elements.

As a magician, Maru was very sensitive to magic elements. In addition to this, Zhao Hai had used ingredients prepared from the Space. The beef was a common cattle meat used on the continent called a fierce cow[1].

Fierce cows were a very strange kind of magic beast. Their bodies didn’t have any wool and instead had thick skin and a lot of meat. Its strength was also very high. This type of cattle could be used to plow arable fields, and the meat could be used as food. Laura raised several fierce cows, but not for farm use. The fierce cows were raised for their meat.

Previously, Laura had raised a lot of wind falcons. These wind falcons alone ate a lot of meat. Now that she raised the eagles, their appetite was also quite large. Providing meat for the wind falcons and eagles had required her to raise several fierce cows. Afterward, Zhao Hai received them inside the Space.

The Space’s evaluation of fierce cows wasn’t very high, only level 4 magic beast. This was just the rating inside the Space, however. Outside, the rating of fierce cows was only level 1. The highest level of animals within the space was level 50, but on the Ark Continent the highest was only a level 9 magic beast. Reaching level 10 would be the same as reaching godhood and that only existed in legends. This was the reason why the assessment of animal levels inside and outside the Space was different.

The reason why Zhao Hai raised fierce cows was for their meat. They were all used to eating Space produced meat, so the meat outside always tasted off. This was why they were currently eating products taken from inside the Space.

Products that were produced from within the Space was of high quality. These were good ingredients which, in turn, naturally enhanced the flavor of the dish. Along with the use of cooking methods from Earth, Maru’s appetite was greatly increased.

After dinner, they went into the parlor room where Nier and Meg served them tea. Zhao Hai drank a mouthful of the tea and looked at Maru, smiling as he asked, “Sir, what do you think of tonight’s meal? Was it delicious?”

Maru replied with a smile, “Delicious, it was too delicious. Is this the continent’s famous Taoyuan products? They are truly extraordinary. I really didn’t expect Mister Zhao Hai to have such good things. No wonder Boric has thoughts about them.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly. “Yes, good things are always on a person’s mind.”

Just then, Zhao Hai’s expression changed. He turned to Maru and said, “I didn’t think that the play would start just after we finished eating. Interesting.”

As soon as Maru heard what Zhao Hai said, he knew the play was being staged. He smiled and said, “Yes, ah, just finished dinner and we can already see a good play. Haha, I hope it’s a splendid play.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly. He turned to Laura and said, “Open the doors and let the people acting in the play come onto the stage. Let us have those watching the play be comfortable. There’s nothing else we can do but show our due respect for their feelings.”

Laura smiled faintly and nodded. Nier and Meg ran to open the doors and windows of the parlor room.

Maru didn’t know when it happened, but the entire courtyard began to be filled with undead. Some of those undead wore the armor of warriors while others looked like magicians in their presentation. They appeared in the courtyard one after the other and stood motionless like statues.

Furthermore, the entire courtyard was covered with a black fog. One simply couldn’t see the situation outside, but could only hear the sounds of footsteps. The number wasn’t small.

Maru looked at Zhao Hai with astonishment. These undead were obviously being summoned by Zhao Hai, but he didn’t see when Zhao Hai had summoned them. There weren’t movements of any sort, nor did he make any sound. What’s more, he didn’t feel any magical fluctuations. This surprised him.

Many black magicians would study how to hide magical fluctuations. After learning how, they would only be able to use it for casting low level magic. This made it difficult for others to detect their magical fluctuations and it could be used for sneak attacks.

This method, however, required a lot of preparation. If the opposing magician noted them, then using this method would be difficult.

Hiding magical fluctuations using any method wouldn’t completely erase the presence of magical fluctuations either. Rather, it could only weaken it. When a person didn’t pay close enough attention, the magical fluctuations wouldn’t be felt. If one were to carefully observe, however, then it could be found.

Maru felt nothing when Zhao Hai summoned his undead. There were no magical fluctuations of any kind, which was the most surprising part.

Naturally, it was impossible for Maru to know that Zhao Hai didn’t use the common dark summoning magic technique. If he knew this, then he wouldn’t be so surprised.

Zhao Hai didn’t pay attention to Maru. He watched the front of Faith Mansion and wanted to see what method the intruders would use to break through the walls and enter Faith Mansion.

Just then, a knock suddenly sounded at the door. Zhao Hai and Laura were surprised for a moment. How come there was someone knocking at the door at this time[2]?

Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile gently. “The people at home are resting. Come back tomorrow.”

As he said this, Zhao Hai and Laura laughed. They didn’t need to ask for the identity of those currently knocking as they were surely those people were sent by Boric. The opposite party’s action of knocking on the door was supposed to make them feel tense, as though they despised them.

Unfortunately, Zhao Hai answered with a joke which ruined their plans completely. They wanted to pressure Zhao Hai, but were instead ridiculed.

Sure enough, after Zhao Hai’s joke, a voice was heard from outside. “Junior, you have some balls.”

After they heard those words, a loud bang sounded from the front doors. The two thick wooden doors fell inward.

Zhao Hai and the others didn’t pay any attention to the fallen doors. They did, however, look towards the doors in order to see who had come this time around.

Five individuals stood outside. Those five all wore white magic robes and carried white magic staffs in their hands. Zhao Hai understood that these five were all light magicians. Moreover, their ranks weren’t low. The five light magicians stood beside an extravagant looking carriage. The body of the carriage was colored a pure white that glistened in the night. There weren’t any ordinary horse-shaped magic beasts pulling the carriage, but lion-shaped ones. Those lion-shaped magic beasts were also white and didn’t only exude a fierce battle aura, but also an aura of holiness.

Laura whispered to Zhao Hai, “A carriage made of sacred light wood[3]. It seems these are people of Radiance Church, and their statuses aren’t low. From their appearances they should be white-clothed bishops. Pulling their carriages are level 6 light element magic beasts, Moonlight Lions[4]. Their battle quality is high and they also use light elemental magic.”

Standing behind the five white-clothed bishops was a platoon of knights. The appearances of those knights was quite distinct. They each had a cross beneath their uniforms and rode white-horned warhorses. Those white-horned warhorses were equipped with bright silver armor. Each knight wore bright silver body armor and held a four-meter long knight spear in their right hand. A large tower shield was held in their left hands and there were white feathers that stuck out of their body armor. Beneath the spearhead of their knight spears was a triangular flag. The spears pointed toward the sky, allowing the triangular flag to wave in the air.

Zhao Hai examined the appearance of those mighty knights and muttered, “I have to say, the look of those fellows is really good. It’s just that I don’t know what’s beneath the armor. Would there be a human, or a ghost?”

As Zhao Hai’s voice faded, a colder one came from one of the white-clothed bishops. “Are you Zhao Hai? Dirty black magician. Today, for the glory of god, we’ll make you disappear forever.”

Zhao Hai looked at the five white-clothed bishops and smile. “How many times have you said that line? How can you say it so smoothly? Today, didn’t you promise the Purcell clan you wouldn’t make such a big ruckus? Listen to me. We should speak from the heart and not use any actions. I may have attacked first, but this way we can save a lot of trouble[5].”

When she heard Zhao Hai, Laura couldn’t help but smile. She didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be such a rascal at this time and unexpectedly say these words.

Zhao Hai’s disposition was quite cheerful, but he was a person who stayed at home for too long so he appeared a bit dull. In addition, he’d just moved to the Ark Continent. Because of the pressure, he hadn’t been able to joke a lot. Today, however, he had joined the Black Magician Alliance and was about to leave the Purcell Duchy. As such, he loosened his heart a bit. He couldn’t help but say a couple jokes with the white-clothed bishops.

Those white-clothed bishops didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be this relaxed when he saw their lineup. The bishop in the middle couldn’t help but angrily say, “Junior, you dare speak such nonsense. A dirty human like you needs to be purified under the brilliance of god. That’s the only way out.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That’s a good choice. You came at the wrong time, however. The brilliance of god can purify in the day, but at night the brilliance of god is replaced. Haha, I see your fancy carriage and big cats pulling it. I also see the knights behind you look very good. I am quite reluctant to make you all my slaves.”

Maru sat beside Zhao Hai and, to be honest, he was currently very nervous. One must know that within Radiance Church, those white-clothed bishops were existences that stood just beneath the Pope and the archbishops. Each of them would be at least a Rank Seven magician in strength. In addition to the magic staffs they held, the carriage and magic beasts pulling it could superimpose with their strength and increase it. It could be said that their strength wasn’t any lower than that of a Rank Eight expert. Five Rank Eight light magicians. With this, their battle strength wasn’t something that could be lightly called a play.

Light elemental magic was the nemesis of black magic. This sentence wasn’t false. In front of a light magician, black magicians suffered innate disadvantages. What’s more, the opposite party had sent magicians of such high strength in order to deal with Zhao Hai. Seeing Zhao Hai so indifferent when dealing them made Maru feel admiration towards Zhao Hai.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]蛮牛 – Mán niú. 蛮 = Fierce/Savage/Barbaric/Rough. 牛 is bull, cow, cattle in general. Since I have no idea of the gender of the meat, I just stuck with cow.

[2]When fighting your mortal foes, it is best to appear as polite as possible. “Gentlemen Battles 101.”

[3]圣光木 – Shèng guāng mù. 圣 = Holy/Sacred. 光 = Light. 木 = Wood.

[4]月明狮 – Yuè míng shī.

[5]Questionable. It’s a very confusing sentence, but I tried to assume this was what he meant to say…





Chapter 223: Undead with Light Magic


After Zhao Hai spoke, he turned to Laura and asked, “What do you think, Laura? Is the idea good or bad? If a black magician sat on that sacred light wood carriage as it’s pulled by undead Moonlight Lions with an undead bishop coachman. it must certainly ride like the wind.”

Laura and the others were shocked. Although Laura was very confident in Zhao Hai, hearing him say such things still surprised her.

No one could blame them for being surprised. Zhao Hai’s words were truly too astonishing. If Zhao Hai did this, then it would be tantamount to slapping the face of the entire continent’s Radiance Church. The Radiance Church wouldn’t let this go.

Among them, the most surprised was Maru. Maru was one of the first to join the Black Magician Alliance. These past few years, they had resisted Radiance Church so he had a certain understanding of exactly how powerful the Radiance Church was. To be honest, many wouldn’t speak like Zhao Hai. Even Rank Nine experts wouldn’t dare to easily say such things. The Bright Church didn’t only have a single Rank Nine expert, so a common Rank Nine expert wouldn’t be so bored as to speak out like this.

Maru, however, was very excited. The Black Magician Alliance had been resisting Radiance Church for years, yet they were only participating in secret and used sneak attacks. The majority of the people on the continent didn’t even notice. Moreover, they were still afraid of the Radiance Church’s retaliation. They did minor acts, but what Zhao Hai said he would do to the white-clothed bishops… they didn’t even dare to think of it.

Those white-clothed bishops were stunned after hearing what he said. What followed was boundless anger. They didn’t think that a black magician would dare to speak such insolence towards them. The power and influence of a bishop was no less than that of a middle-rank aristocrat on the continent. Now, however, someone had dared to speak such insolence towards them. They were even ignored, which had truly made them angry.

The bodies of those white-clothed bishops shook with anger, and one of them loudly shouted, “Dirty black magician! Your thoughts have been poisoned by the devil. Come and accept a baptism from god.”

Zhao Hai laughed and looked at the bishop as he said, “Were your heads caught in the door? Is that why you can say such things? Can you find someone on the continent that would just let their heads be chopped off if they were asked by someone to do so? Does the Radiance Church really have such idiots in control?”

The eyes of the bishop turned red with anger. Just as he was about to say something, the bishop beside him said, “We are not of Radiance Church. We are just mercenaries that do not understand black magicians.”

Zhao Hai looked in this bishop’s eyes. While the other white-clothed bishops were also filled with anger, this one appeared calm. This bishop hadn’t been angered or affected by Zhao Hai’s taunting.

Zhao Hai watched the person’s appearance and knew that this was a person with a deep and profound background[1]. Such a person couldn’t be compared with the others that were easy to mess with. Zhao Hai, however, didn’t care. He smiled and said, “Clear-sighted people shouldn’t speak lies. Who you are is something we are crystal clear about. You do not have the right to speak of evils since the Radiance Church isn’t so clean itself. Saying so many words, the cost isn’t something such hands could pay..”

After saying this, he waved and several undead dressed as magicians appeared before the white-clothed bishops.

Those undead were Zhao Zui and his team[2], Zhao Jia[3], Zhao Shi and Zhao Jie[4], Lycra and his trio, and Buffy. Those fifteen undead magicians suddenly appeared and frightened them. Zhao Hai had feared that people might recognize them, so they appeared as skeletons instead of zombies.

Those white-clothed bishops looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and grew more angry. They were light magicians, the nemesis of black magicians. Now, however, Zhao Hai unexpectedly had his undead deal with them. This made them despise him greatly.

One bishop couldn’t bear it anymore and spoke first. He angrily shouted at Zhao Hai, “Junior, today we shall let you know that the brilliance of god is everywhere!” After he shouted, he raised his staff and recited a spell incantation. A white light suddenly shot at Zhao Zui. This spell was expectedly a Rank Six light element area of effect attack, Sacred Light Descends[5].

Maru sat quietly beside Zhao Hai. When Zhao Hai bickered with the bishops, his heart couldn’t stop beating. Seeing Zhao Hai send the undead to deal with the white-clothed bishops worried Maru. The difference was too great. One must know that one cannot easily mess with a bishop.

Everyone, however, was surprised after seeing how the scene unfolded. They saw an undead magician suddenly step forward. This magician wore a white magic robe and held a white staff. They didn’t see anything until, suddenly, a light element magic shield appeared, blocking the attack directed at the nearby undead skeleton magicians.

Including Laura, the white bishops were startled and froze for a moment. Maru, who was also startled, suddenly stood up. They had all thought that the skeleton magicians would use black magic to deal with the white-clothed bishops. They didn’t expect, however, that it would actually use light magic.

This skeleton was naturally Zhao Jia. He himself was a light magician. After the improvements from the Space, his magic had been preserved. Thus, it was natural for him to be able to use light magic.

This, however, made Maru and the others very surprised. They hadn’t seen an undead before that could use light magic. The simple fact of it seemed like a joke. This was like a man holding the knife that would cut his own body. It was purely suicidal behaviour.

Zhao Hai didn’t want to make a move since he wanted to see the effect. He also wanted to let Maru know that he wasn’t afraid of Radiance Church.

At this time, Zhao Zui and his team made their move. Zhao Zui and his team were true black magicians and they shot black magic attacks that covered the sky and overwhelmed the white-clothed bishops.

Zhao Shi and Zhao Jie also moved, along with Buffy and the others. Zhao Shi and Zhao Jie were earth element magicians while Buffy was a wind element magician. Adding in Zhao Zui and his team, the attacks of three magic elements was magnificent and unparalleled.

Zhao Zui and his team’s actions moved the souls of everyone. Maru looked with shock at Zhao Hai and asked, “Mister Zhao Hai, this… what is this all about? How can your undead use light elemental magic?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Sir Maru, don’t worry about it and sit down. Listen to my explanation. This undead using light elemental magic was Garan, who had attacked me in the past. After I killed him, I turned him into an undead. To my surprise, he suddenly became a variant undead that could use light elemental magic. I was also surprised after seeing this back then, but I don’t actually understand how it happened.”

After hearing Zhao Hai’s explanation, Maru felt relieved. Black magicians had their own system for summoning undead. Sometimes, there would also be variations. As such, while Zhao Jia’s ability was strange, it wasn’t completely out of the norm.

Even though Maru had calmed down, he still felt it was inconceivable. An undead that could use light elemental magic. Even though he personally saw it, if he told others they wouldn’t believe him.

Maru still didn’t feel this was right. He turned to Zhao Hai and asked, “What about the other skeleton magicians? What’s going on with them? What are their ranks?”

A low ranking undead wouldn’t be able to use magic. Since Zhao Zui and his team could use magic, Maru knew that they were all high ranking undead.

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “How should I put this, I’d say it’s all thanks to my lucky magic cane that I found. I don’t know what it’s made of. While I was hunting for magic beasts in the forest, I fortunately found it. This magic cane has a very special ability. Using it to cast the Bone Forging technique on the dead blesses it with the Spirit Trap technique. That’s the reason why I can summon high-level undead.”

Maru stared at Zhao Hai’s Ghost Cane with a pair of shining eyes. Zhao Hai laughed inside his mind. He remembered what Sir Wei Xiaobao[6] had said. An explanation should be nine parts true, one part false. Even if he lies, there was no way for others to figure it out[7].

At this time, several of the white-clothed bishops couldn’t withstand Zhao Zui and his team’s attack. Those Radiance Knights behind them also saw this and shouted. The spears those Radiance Knights held lowered as they rushed Faith Mansion.

Zhao Hai didn’t move. Instead, he made the warrior-clothed undead form a square formation. They blocked the entrance into the mansion. The entire courtyard of Faith Mansion became a battlefield.

Zhao Hai wasn’t worried. Even though those Radiance Knights were formidable and had good numbers, he himself had many undead with strengths comparable to that of Rank Seven warriors. Such a strength couldn’t be overlooked by anyone. He believed that those undead could block the Radiance Knights.

All of this made Faith Mansion very lively. The people around seemed to sleep soundly, however. They didn’t make any sound, so there was no problems with killing everything here.

Such a great ruckus should have already alarmed the city guards into action. The city guards, however, seemed to have taken a vacation. Not one figure could be seen. It seemed that the Radiance Church really had made a call to Grand Duke Evan.

With regards to Evan’s response, Zhao Hai understood it. Although the Purcell clan was a large clan, the combination of Boric and the Radiance Church going into action was too strong, so the Purcell clan had given in. That warning earlier was enough for them.

Sure enough, following Zhao Hai’s thoughts from before, the Radiance Knights were repelled by the undead warriors at the front doors. They hadn’t been able to crash into Faith Mansion.

Suddenly, at this time, shadows of several courageous people appeared as they crawled up the walls surrounding Faith Mansion and leapt over. Those people wore mercenary clothes and held weapons. They looked at Zhao Hai, the person they were to deal with.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]Questionable.

[2]I guess we should do some reflection. Zhao Zui and his team were the Immortal Mercenary Corps.

[3]Zhao Jia is Garan.

[4]Zhao Shi and Zhao Jie were the two earth magicians that were with Garan.

[5]圣光降临 – Shèng guāng jiànglín. Same 圣光 from sacred light wood.

[6]A character from Louis Cha/Jin Yong’s the Deer and the Cauldron.

[7]

What was true in his explanation? What was the point in making someone greedy for his cane? If he didn’t say anything, would Maru have been angry? Now he made the man envious and maybe made the entire Black Magician Alliance curious about his cane. Congratulations.





Chapter 224: The Final Blow


Maru also saw these people. Although they wore mercenary garbs, their movements were very neat. At a glance, it could be seen that they had good coordination and weren’t your average mercenaries. They should have received regular military training.

Zhao Hai watched the mercenaries. The number of people that had jumped over the wall numbered several hundred. When they entered the courtyard, they didn’t immediately attack Zhao Hai. Instead, they stood in place and changed their positions slightly to form ranks. Although they used up a bit of time, they had already lined up properly and into formation. After that, they charged at him.

On the other hand, Zhao Hai wasn’t worried. He himself was surrounded by many undead and at this time, he’d only used the human-shaped undead. Those beast-shaped undead hadn’t yet been mobilized.

Zhao Hai counted the knights attacking Faith Mansion from the front and came up with 18. These 18 knights had very good coordination with one another and were Rank Six experts.

Soon enough, no matter if it was Maru or the white-clothed bishops, they realized the abnormality of the situation. Those undead were really too special as they didn’t fear the attacks of the Radiance Knights.

One must understand that the weapons and equipment of the Radiance Knights had been blessed with light elemental magic. In addition, those knights themselves had very high battle strength. Zhao Hai, however, had only sent a hundred undead to withstand the attacks of the Radiance Knights. This was simply inconceivable.

Knights and warriors were different. The general understanding of the populace was that knights were a more advanced profession than warriors. Knights could be called the aristocrats of warriors.

An ordinary warrior wore leather armor at best and were equipped with a poor quality weapon. If a warrior wore armor and had a good weapon, then they wouldn’t simply be called a warrior.

A knight on the other hand must have a horse and wear full body armor. Their weapons weren’t like of warriors who only used a single type of weapon. Knights must have a knight spear along with a tower shield and a heavy sword[1]. Once they had those items, they could be called a knight[2].

Warrior, however, only needed to take care of themselves. Even if their weapon was damaged, they could just replace it. The cost also wouldn’t very high.

Knights, aside from looking after themselves, needed to take care of their mounts. Their knight spears was a weapon that could be easily damaged, so they needed to replace it if it was damaged. The price of a knight spear, however, was simply too expensive when compared to ordinary weapons[3]. Due to these reasons, from an ordinary warrior’s point of view, knights might be powerful but was an occupation that burned a lot of money[4]. If one wasn’t an aristocrat or a rich person, then there was no way to become a knight.

Also, due to the fact that knights were so rich, many of them would have a knight attendant. The knight attendant would usually take care of the day to day life of the knight, such as looking after their mounts. When the knight goes into battle, they would be beside the knight[5].

The battle strength of a knight was, without a doubt, formidable. Their strength was directly related to their mounts. If the mount was formidable, then the knight would be formidable. Naturally, if they wanted a formidable mount, then they would need to spend a considerable amount of money.

These Radiance Knights had uniform mounts. Each of them had a Rank Five magic beast, a unicorn[6]. Unicorns were Rank Five light element magic beasts and there were rumors that the Rank Nine saint beast of the elf race had a blood relationship with the unicorns. They had a very high battle strength and could carry heavy loads. These were very good mounts.

The knights of Radiance Church mostly used these kinds of unicorns as their mounts. This wasn’t only because of their battle strength, but also because it looked very strong.

When fighting against a hundred ordinary warriors, an eighteen member squad of knights would be more than a match for them. A single mounted knight’s strength could easily tear apart a warrior’s formation with ease. After a few assaults, they could easily kill those hundred warriors.

Unfortunately, this time the knights were not facing ordinary warriors, but undead as strong as a Rank Seven warrior. The knight charge didn’t go smoothly and they didn’t have a method to tear down these undead. This was truly a very rare matter for them[7].

Dealing with common undead was a very simply problem for these Radiance Knights since their weapons were all blessed with light element magic. So long as they encountered undead, they could inflict great damage to them. The problem was these undead weren’t normal, common undead. These undead were not afraid of light element magic.

Maru stared as he watched the situation. What he saw today was something he’d seen in the past: a battle between Radiance Knights and undead. Today, however, the battle had gone beyond his cognition. The undead and Radiance Knights both resisted the other greatly and didn’t fall to the wind. This, in his opinion, was a fantastical scene.

The undead surrounded by those mercenaries blocked their attacks continuously. Zhao Hai just sat there like one of the old gods. It was as if he truly was watching a play before him instead of a live battle.

Maru didn’t know what Zhao Hai was thinking. He suspected Zhao Hai wasn’t just a madman. A madman wouldn’t be able to do such a thing. Maru didn’t know whether it was right or wrong to invite such a super madman into the Black Magician Alliance.

At this time, Laura looked at the people outside and said to Zhao Hai, “Brother Hai, don’t drag this out for too long. It’ll be bad if you do this and have to give a confession to the Grand Duke.”

Zhao Hai nodded and waved his hand. Suddenly, a lot of undead magic beasts appeared within Faith Mansion. The characteristic of these undead was that they were all very large. Each undead was at least two to three meters in height. Some were even five to six meters tall. Moreover, their skeletal bodies were dark green in color and had spikes protruding from their bones. They didn’t look like something one should mess around with.

When these undead appeared, the sharp spikes on their bodies flew out fiercely like a brutal arrow being shot. They flew towards the mercenaries and shot down many of them.

After the spikes flew, the magic beasts quickly overran them. Maru, however, noted that behind those mercenaries were many undead. Those undead were like death as they mainly used assassination tactics. They were silently getting rid of the mercenaries at the back. Many of the mercenaries now had nobody at their back and were easily killed.

This disaster had come too fast. The mercenaries didn’t have enough time to react before they were killed. Those that hadn’t been killed yet were now caught in a circle of undead and weren’t able to escape.

To deal with these mercenaries, only a few undead had been used. Most of the undead were instead surrounding the Radiance Knights and the white-clothed bishops.

Maru didn’t know what to say. He never would have expected Zhao Hai to have so many undead. Moreover, the battle strength of these undead was very high. This time around, the Radiance Church would eat a loss.

Those five white-clothed bishops had also realized that things were not looking good. They didn’t expect Zhao Hai to have such unexpected strength. Slowly, they began to grow desperate. They knew that today, they had to do everything they could to desperately stay alive and fight.

Zhao Hai stood at this time and watched the five white-clothed bishops. He knew that these were the leaders. Others could run, but these five couldn’t.

He secretly gave Cai’er an order. So long as the white-clothed bishops made any movement, she was to immediately move against them.

The reason Zhao Hai ordered Cai’er to prepare was because of a single bishop’s calmness. When he released the magic beast undead earlier, all four of the white-clothed bishops’ facial color changed. All except for one. This was the one Zhao Hai was talking about, the one bishop he thought was very calm and might be planning something.

This bishop was very calm, and his calm didn’t seem to be due to his own strength. The might of this bishop was average when compared to the other four. He was, however, extremely calm, as if he didn’t have any fear.

Such a person must be hiding something in their hands. This kind of person with a deep background must certainly have a last card to play. Moreover, no one knew what card he had. As such, Zhao Hai paid special attention to him. This was why he ordered Cai’er to deal with him.

Laura and the others had observed the same scene. They looked at the white-clothed bishops and knew they couldn’t run away.

Maru didn’t know, but the rest understood that they had two Rank Nine experts on their side. At a moment’s notice, the Rank Nine experts would follow the command and get rid of their opponents. Even if the opposing party had an ancient magic tool, like a non-directional transfer scroll, they still wouldn’t be able to escape.

Battle was full of chances. So long as one was ready, all accidents could be inevitably avoided. Zhao Hai, this time around, was ready. He was waiting for all of his enemies to arrive. If the enemies didn’t come, then there was no problem. If they did, then they wouldn’t be able to escape.

The mercenaries went down one after another, and the battlefield didn’t give off any suspense anymore. Both the Radiance Church and Boric’s plans had been completely defeated.

Just then, three shadows appeared from the white-clothed bishop’s’ carriage. Three white-clothed bishops weren’t able to react before three piercing swords claimed their lives.

Although the white-clothed bishops used a light element protective shield, they weren’t able to block the attack of those piercing swords. As such, the three white-clothed bishops died in the blink of an eye.

At this time, Zhao Hai was still paying attention to the calm bishop and saw his facial expression finally change as he gritted his teeth. He looked maliciously at Zhao Hai as he extended a hand to his breast. Just as he was about to touch it, vines erupted from the ground and thrust towards the chest of the two remaining white-clothed bishops. When the vines came, a flash of white light appeared and tried to block the vines, but failed. The white-clothed bishop was killed on the scene, his eyes full of disbelief as he died.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]重剑 – Zhòng jiàn. This is a bit weird since the MTL says Epee, but the literal characters say Weight/Heavy (重) Sword (剑). I don’t see knights using epees—those dueling swords used in fencing—so Heavy Sword was fine.

[2]Who cares about skill and ability. Wallet Warriors ftw!

[3]So they just look cool and have no real value as a weapon? Cause something so fragile sounds like it has a 1-hit use.

[4]A bit odd since they don’t have paper money back then, right? How do you burn gold? Might as well say you toss money down a well or something. It’ll just sink to the bottom.

[5]Knights sound incredibly disappointing… They can’t even fight well by themselves…

[6]独角马 – Dú jiǎo mǎ. Interestingly, the 角马 can mean wildebeest/gnu… So my imagination now makes fun of knights.

[7]So, ummm, eighteen knights haven’t instantly died after charging a hundred Rank Seven undead? I can’t deal with this math. Other than good mounts and good equipment, what exactly are their positives? Rank Six stays Rank Six and equipment can only do so much. With their blessed equipment having no effect, I’m wondering why they haven’t been pulled down and killed yet. I understand the light magicians being able to repel the greater number of black magicians due to the magic themselves not really changing (Light > Dark), but these are just Rank Six Knights… Sure, maybe a good lower ranked person can beat someone a rank higher, but these are one damned hundred undead. At least kill one knight…





Chapter 225: Destroy


Maru saw it all, and even the eighteen Radiance Knights were dumbfounded. Regardless of what had happened, they weren’t able to believe that five white-clothed bishops could just die so unexpectedly.

This was especially true for that white-clothed bishop that had tried to reach for something in his chest. That white-clothed bishop had a deep background and even though the Radiance Knights didn’t know what he was taking out, they did know that the white-clothed bishop had something in his possession, one protection ring[1].

A protection ring was a common magic item on the continent. This type of magic item was imbued with magic arrays that had been founded from the research circles. After a long period of research, they were able to seal protection magic into a ring, which is where it got its name.

Protection rings were divided into several grades. Low-level protection rings were disposable, one-time use items. The materials used for such an item weren’t special and were common materials like wood or stone with low level protection magic sealed within. These were relatively cheap and common.

High level protection rings, however, were made of metal alloys which could seal high level protection magic. They could also be repeatedly used and were regarded as a more precious magic item.

The father of this white-clothed bishop was a red-clothed archbishop and a Rank Eight expert. To ensure his son’s security, he had given that white-clothed bishop a high level protection ring. It could even block a Rank Eight expert’s attack without breaking.

This pitiful ring, however, couldn’t block Cai’er’s attack. Cai’er’s strength was greater than that of a Rank Nine’s, and her casual attack had the same strength of a regular Rank Nine. Because of this, the white-clothed bishop wouldn’t have been able to block her attack.

Those eighteen Radiance Knights were aware of his identity. The reason the white-bishop had gone with them was to obtain some merit. No one would have thought he’d die instead.

His death didn’t really matter[2], but it meant the knights wouldn’t be able to live anymore. They knew the father of that white-clothed bishop wouldn’t let them off.

The eyes of the Radiance Knights immediately turned red. They knew that no matter what happened today, they would die. If they died in battle, then their family members wouldn’t be affected. If they came back alive, however, their family members would receive bad luck.

These Radiance Knights had been trained by the Radiance Church. The church had selected talented children and trained them from childhood. As such, their loyalty towards the Radiance Church didn’t have any issues. Moreover, their detailed backgrounds were archived by the Radiance Church.

It was because they were loyal and absolutely wouldn’t betray the church that there were clear about its internal matters. They knew the Radiance Church wasn’t as bright as they appeared to be and was actually quite tarnished on the inside, yet they weren’t able to betray the Radiance Church. One could say that these people wearing the clothing of knights were already dead.

The eighteen Radiance Knights made their move at almost the exact same time. They discarded their tower shields simultaneously and pierced their knight spears into the ground. Then they all pulled out their heavy swords from their saddle and swung it down on their left hands.

Zhao Hai was surprised for a moment. He didn’t understand what they were trying to do until Green said aloud, “Master, we must kill them. They wish to use Sacrifice[3].”

Sacrifice was a unique skill used by knights. This skill meant they intended to go all out as they sacrificed their flesh and blood and dedicated it to their god of knights. By doing so, they would gain a strength that was a greater than what they currently had. This skill, however, once used would claim a knight’s life. Sacrificing oneself to obtain greater power. The skill’s duration was just an hour as well. After that hour, the knight would die, so the use of Sacrifice was akin to suicide.

Once a knight used sacrifice, they would generally obtain a boost in strength of two ranks. In other words, once these Radiance Knights used sacrifice they would be able to reach Rank Eight. On the continent, a Rank Eight knight was a master, an almost invisible existence below Rank Nine deities.

Zhao Hai smiled coldly and waved his hand. Several vines drilled up from the ground and straightened, thrusting at the heads of the knights. The eighteen Radiance Knights didn’t even have a chance to groan before they died.

Although Sacrifice was very powerful, it still needed time to prepare. The eighteen Radiance Knights weren’t able to complete their preparations in time before they were killed by Cai’er.

Zhao Hai didn’t want to wait, so he made Cai’er attack twice. He didn’t care if they died several times over. In a flash, Cai’er killed the remaining mercenaries and ended the battle.

One couldn’t say that the strength of the opponents were weak, just that Cai’er was ridiculously strong. Even if those Radiance Knights were to complete their Sacrifice, they would at most amount to a Rank Eight knight. Compared to a Rank Nine expert, those Rank Eights were just too weak[4]. It was just like when the Rank Eight expert, Green, faced the Rank Nine expert, Wind Saint Buffy, and didn’t have a chance to fight back. Don’t even mention Buffy, Cai’er didn’t have trouble with these mercenaries that were weaker than Rank Eight.

Almost instantly, Faith Mansion became quiet. Zhao Hai waved and the undead all picked up a corpse. He then took them back into the Space. The living unicorns and moonlight lions hadn’t been received by Zhao Hai yet. He had to wait till Maru left before he could do so.

After the corpses were taken away, Zhao Hai turned to Maru and said, “Sir Maru, we shall leave this place immediately. You must also leave. While the sky is still dark, you should leave Casa City as soon as you can. The Radiance Church has eaten such a big loss and certainly wouldn’t give up. In the future I shall not contact you. If there is any matter, then come to Stony Mountain and knock on the ground three times. Write the matter on paper and place it in a room. I will then contact you at an appointed time.”

Maru looked at Zhao Hai deeply and found that he had many secrets and a strength beyond his imagination. He, however, wasn’t ready to inquire into it. In any case, Zhao Hai had already joined the Black Magician Alliance and him having such strength would be beneficial for the alliance. Why would they inquire into his secrets when it might offend Zhao Hai[5].

Maru breathed in deeply, then nodded and said, “Alright, then we’ll keep in contact in the future. If Mister Zhao Hai needs help from the alliance, then you mustn’t hesitate to contact us. We have members of the Black Magician Alliance here within Casa City. If there is any matter, you can go and look for them.”

After he said this, he handed over a small book to Zhao Hai. This small book had obviously been prepared to be given out earlier, but he gave it now.

Zhao Hai wasn’t polite and received the small book. He nodded and said, “Alright, if I have any matters I will immediately contact you. I won’t send you off.”

Maru nodded his head and bid Zhao Hai farewell, then his stature flashed and disappeared in place.

Zhao Hai asked Cai’er to check on Maru until he left. He then received the sacred light wooden carriage along with the unicorns and moonlight lions.

He then turned to Laura and she also turned to Zhao Hai. Taking a deep breath, Laura carefully looked at Faith Mansion, then turned back to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, let us begin.”

Zhao Hai nodded and pointed his Ghost Cane towards the floor, then took Laura and the others and disappeared from the courtyard. As they disappeared, the ground beneath Faith Mansion began to shake fiercely. The area affected by this quake was small and didn’t bother the neighbors of the mansion.

Not long after, except for the walls of Faith Mansion, there was not a single building within the area. All of the houses had been taken down. Laura actually did have a secret passage, but it had disappeared without a trace due to this violent quake.

This was an earth element magic spell that Zhao Hai and the others had agreed to be used in order to eliminate their tracks. Although they wouldn’t face problems when they moved into the Space, they had to destroy Faith Mansion in order to lessen suspicion. This was the real reason why Zhao Hai felt sorry for Laura.

Upon entering the Space, Zhao Hai first went and moved the unicorns and moonlight lions into the Spatial Ranch. Zhao Hai had just entered the ranch with the two magic beasts when the Space suddenly prompted:

[Discovered unicorn-shaped animals. Evaluating level; Level 25 animal.

This animal can be raised inside the Space. It has a maturity time of 36 hours and can give birth to a foal every 12 hours. A total of eight foals can be birthed.

Digitizing animal. Animal can now be purchased from the Spatial Shop.]

[Discovered lion-shaped animal, new form variation. Evaluating level; Level 30 animal.

This animal can be raised inside the Space. It has a maturity time of 40 hours and can give birth to a cub every 12 hours. A total of eight cubs can be birthed.

Digitizing animal. Animal can now be purchased from the Spatial Shop.]

[With the discovery of new animals, the Spatial Ranch has reached the requirements for upgrade.

Spatial Ranch has been upgraded to Level 6.]

In all honesty, Zhao Hai wasn’t surprised by the Spatial Ranch’s upgrade. What he didn’t expect was that the unicorn and moonlight lion would be given such a low rating by the Space.

Yes. In Zhao Hai’s view, the unicorn and moonlight lion’s ratings were low. One must understand that these two were magic beasts that, on the Ark Continent, were Rank Five and Rank Six magic beasts. They would be considered the equivalent of young masters. Yet, the Spatial Ranch had assessed them as Level 25 and Level 30 respectively, which wasn’t high[6].

In the original list of animals for the Spatial Shop, a Level 25 animal was a crane, and a Level 30 animal was a hippo. Although the crane could fly and a hippo’s battle efficiency wasn’t low, they were quite lacking when compared to magic beasts. How come the Space ranked those two magic beasts so low[7]?

Yet, while this idea circled Zhao Hai’s head once, he didn’t think much of it. Anyway, there were more magic beasts on the Ark Continent. When the time came that his level increased, he would be able to buy animals from the Spatial Shop and be able to compare them and know.

Right now, Zhao Hai needed to deal with the corpses of the five white-clothed bishops. These white-clothed bishops were core members of Radiance Church. They certainly knew more matters about the church. For Zhao Hai, this information was of very great use for him. Anyway, both of his identities were now considered enemies of the Radiance Church. As such, he needed to understand more about them. To know them as intimately as he knows himself.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]守护戒指 – Shǒuhù jièzhǐ. Note that the protection ring’s activation had nothing to do with what he was trying to take out.

[2]To the fight, btw. Avoiding confusion.

[3]献祭 – Xiàn jì. Offer. Sacrificial offering.

[4]Yet, you know, eighteen Rank Six knights could rush a hundred Rank Seven undead and not even get scratched.

[5]Yet, you know, he was fine to tell lies and give some random explanation and make his cane super OP.

[6]I don’t understand this. The Space ranks things from 1 to 50, yet the Ark Continent ranks things from 1 to 10. That means rank one magic beast on the Ark Continent would be levels 1-5 for the Space. Based on math, a Rank 5 magic beast should be levels 21-25, and a Rank 6 would be levels 26-30, no? Is it not progressive? Sounds mighty confusing if this isn’t so.

[7]Broken system. Too many mods ruined it.





Chapter 226: Blessed Magic Arrays


Zhao Hai returned to the Spatial Villa. Laura had stayed behind and was currently sitting in the living room, her mood obviously quite low. Zhao Hai didn’t speak and just moved to Laura’s side quietly. He placed a hand on her shoulder and sat down to accompany her.

Zhao Hai knew Laura was currently sad. Seeing the home they’d built with their own hands destroyed had given her a strange feeling. Saying anything to comfort her at this time was unnecessary. So long as he silently stayed with her and gave her a shoulder to lean on, it would be enough.

Laura leaned gently against Zhao Hai’s shoulder, her tears flowing freely. Faith Mansion wasn’t just a simple home, but an enterprise. It had her sweat and tears, and was also the home of her heart.

Holding Laura’s hands tightly, Zhao Hai said with a low voice, “Laura, rest assured that we will come back sooner or later. When that time comes, we’ll build something grander and more attractive than Faith Mansion.”

Laura’s tears didn’t stop, so Zhao Hai then whispered, “It’s alright, don’t cry. Crying isn’t beautiful. Although you have lost Faith Mansion, you gained the Space and Fort Iron Mountain, and also me. What aren’t you satisfied with[1]?”

When she heard what Zhao Hai said, Laura smiled through her falling tears. Zhao Hai looked at Laura and said, “Don’t cry. If Grandpa Quinn John and the others see this, they might think I’m bullying you. If your father sees this, then it’ll be a lot more serious and he might blow up my house.”

When she heard his words, Laura wasn’t startled but began to smile more than cry. Her tears fell more, but this time around they were tears of joy. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but pat his head as he murmured, “Again, Laura, don’t you want to go down and have a look at uncle? This time around, the explosion wouldn’t be small.”

Laura shook her head and smiled. She laughed so much that she couldn’t reply to Zhao Hai’s words, and Zhao Hai also couldn’t help but join in.

Since Karen had taken over the basement of the Spatial Villa and made it his experiment room, an explosion could be heard every other day. Sometimes, they might hear several go off in a row. Zhao Hai and the other had already gotten used to these explosions by now.

Zhao Hai felt a little resentment from it. Karen performed his experiments at random times and sometimes, it happened while Zhao Hai was sleeping. When the explosion occurred, he’d wake up and have a cup.

The Zhao Hai of Earth was an otaku writer. Due to him staying up late in the night, he had a slight nervous breakdown. He’d fall asleep and then wake up in the middle of the night and it would be difficult for him to get back to sleep again. Therefore, when Karen made those explosions, Zhao Hai would take a cup[2]. He now thought he wouldn’t get any sleep this night too.

He couldn’t, however, say anything to Karen and continued to endure it. At the moment, it was better. Even though there would be an explosion at night, he’d just turn over and sleep. One had to admit that a human’s ability to adapt to changes was truly amazing.

After some time, Laura stopped laughing. She turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you haven’t dealt with the white-clothed bishop corpses yet. Why not deal with them now?”

Zhao Hai nodded. “Their processing has a been a bit long. Let’s go see and you can ask them anything. Moreover, the bodies of those white-clothed bishops should have a lot of good things on them. I just happened to have brought them for you.”

Laura smiled and said, “If there is a good magic item, then we might as well give it to father and have him study it. Perhaps we can get something good from them through his research.”

Zhao Hai smiled helplessly. He followed Laura outside the Spatial Villa and took out the corpses. He first made those ordinary mercenaries into undead. He only left two corpses back and turned them into high ranking undead, then asked these two leaders his questions.

These mercenary soldiers really had been sent by Boric. They were from a regular mercenary group and were Boric’s men; a mercenary group under Boric’s control.

Aside from this they didn’t obtain any better information. They were, after all, just a mercenary group and could only be regarded as one of Boric’s external forces that wouldn’t have any contact with his core strength.

Since he didn’t obtain any useful items from these mercenaries, Zhao Hai gave up on them. He then transformed the eighteen Radiance Knights into high ranking undead. These knights knew more than the mercenaries, but what they knew consisted mostly of knowledge about the Radiance Church’s teachings for their Protector Knights. They were part of the commonly used Radiance Knight groups.

The entirety of the Radiance Knight group was, on the surface, quite small. They were said to have only five hundred individuals, and most of this group didn’t have unicorns as their mount. After all, a unicorn was a Rank Five magic beast that wasn’t easy to obtain.

Their actual numbers, however, amounted to a thousand Radiance Knights. Among this thousand, a good two hundred were unicorn mounted knights that were considered the elites. This time around, they had sent eighteen of them to deal with Zhao Hai. It was obvious to see that the Radiance Church had attached great importance to this black magician.

These Radiance Knights, however, didn’t know much. They weren’t administrators of the church, so they only knew a bit of the church’s secrets.

Although Zhao Hai was a bit disappointed, he couldn’t say anything about it. These Radiance Knights had all been turned into undead by now. Their appearance didn’t change greatly from when they were alive. Even if they had cut off their left hands, their strength was still comparable to when they lived[3].

After Zhao Hai moved the Radiance Knights away, he began to turn the white-clothed bishops into undead. The one that had wanted to take out something was named Lyndsay Baker[4]. His father was Rooney Baker[5], a red-clothed archbishop.

This Lyndsay Baker had a really good item in his possession. There wasn’t just a high-level protection ring, but also an ancient magic scroll—a non-directional transfer scroll.

This scroll hadn’t been something Rooney Baker had given to Lyndsay, but was instead something Lyndsay had obtained on his own. He was innately selfish. Although his father was good to him, he didn’t even tell his father about the scroll and had secretly hidden it. He’d placed it on his body as he was afraid of losing it. He’d also killed everyone who knew of the scroll, so no one else knew he had such an ancient magic scroll in his hands.

Zhao Hai held the ancient magic scroll and looked at it foolishly. Ancient items made long ago referred to something that had become incredibly aged, yet this thing didn’t seem all that old to him. It glittered as if it were made of gold, but Zhao Hai was sure the material wasn’t metallic.

At this time, the Space suddenly prompted in a tone:

[Unknown magic item.

Analyzing item’s function. This item is a simple space system magic item.

This item can produce a non-directional, indeterminate distance spatial channel.

Extracting functions. Incorporating functions into the Ghost Cane.

Use of the Ghost Cane will now allow the creation of a non-directional, indeterminate distance spatial channel.]

[Unknown magic item.

Analyzing item’s function. This item is an autonomous stimulation-type protective magic item.

When the host is suddenly attacked, the item will produce a protective shield to guard the host.

Extracting functions. Enhancing functions. Incorporating functions into the Ghost Cane.

Ghost Cane can now automatically protect the host if attacked.]

[Multiple magic arrays.

Extracting magic arrays.

Storing into Spatial Files. Facilitating options so that host may view them at any time.]

[Appearance of blessing-shaped magic arrays.

Extracting magic arrays. Incorporating magic arrays into the Space.

Incorporating magic arrays into machine-type humanoid objects of Space. Strengthened machine-type humanoid objects.

Improving magic.

Combining magic arrays with sprite-type biological body. Strengthened sprite-type biological body.]

Zhao Hai and Laura listened to the prompts. This time, the prompts hadn’t been short yet the two of them actually understood what they had heard.

To keep it simple, the Space had extracted the abilities of the ancient magic scroll, then incorporated it into the Ghost Cane. The protection function of the protection ring had also been extracted, strengthened, then incorporated into the Ghost Cane.

The Space had also extracted several magic arrays and placed them into a Spatial File, then extracted a blessing-type magic array from the armor of the Radiance Knights. Those were placed on the undead as well as the other creatures such as the stone giants which then resulted in an increase in strength[6].

Zhao Hai hadn’t thought that the Space would have such powerful abilities. He could now regard the Ghost Cane as a protection ring and a non-directional transfer scroll. These two functions would be very useful in saving his life.

Moreover, those magic arrays had strengthened the undead within the Space. Their battle strength naturally received a boost. Although he didn’t know to what degree their strength had grown, it should be much higher. This made Zhao Hai happy.

Zhao Hai breathed lightly to calm his emotions. He passed the protection ring and ancient magic scroll to Laura and said, “This protection ring can still be used, so please take it. With regards to that magic scroll, it won’t be as useful. Better to give it to uncle so that he can study it.”

Laura didn’t say anything and just nodded as she received the items. She wouldn’t be polite around Zhao Hai. In any case, the functions of these two items had already been extracted by the Space and incorporated into the Ghost Cane. Zhao Hai could already use those functions, so being polite was useless.

Zhao Hai looked over the other white-clothed bishops. Although they did possess some items, they weren’t as good as what Lyndsay Baker had. Zhao Hai only glanced at them before throwing the items into the warehouse without managing them.

After dealing with these things, Zhao Hai turned his eyes towards the white-clothed bishops themselves. Compared to the items he obtained, he was more interested in what information they could give him. For him, intelligence was something more valuable than items.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]So smooth… let us give Zhao Hai an award for his inconsideration… girl sad? Tell her she’s ugly when she cries and praise yourself… >.>

[2]Yep, by now I still have no idea what this means. Have a cup… meh 杯具了 is meh…

[3]What does this have to do with anything? Did the hand not come back? How does that work? He cut off Buffy’s head, yet couldn’t reattach a hand? They’re both high ranking undead now…

[4]林赛贝克 – Lín sài bèikè.

[5]鲁尼贝克 – Lǔní bèikè. Looney Baker makes him sound… looney.

[6]To be honest, their ability to understand these prompts while Zhao Hai couldn’t understand the old prompts makes me wonder if there are multiple authors with varying levels of intelligence.





Chapter 227: Strength of the Radiance Church


Zhao Hai, Laura, Green, and Quinn John sat quietly within the living room of the Spatial Villa as they listened to Lyndsay Baker’s report about the Radiance Church.

After he’d finished transforming those white-clothed bishops into undead, he began to ask them about matters relating to the Radiance Church. Unsurprisingly, the one with the most detailed information was Lyndsay Baker. As such, he kept Lyndsay Baker back as he called for Green and the others before allowing him to continue to detail what he knew of the Radiance Church.

The Radiance Church was a great deal more formidable than what Zhao Hai and the others had thought. They currently controlled a dozen large and small duchies. Furthermore, several influential aristocrats from a few empires had already enlisted themselves as members of the Radiance Church. Specifically, they became the Radiance Church’s Protector Knights or elders.

Unfortunately, Lyndsay Baker had only been a white-clothed bishop. Although his father was a red-clothed archbishop, he didn’t have too much information to share. He only knew of some Grand Dukes and other influential nobles that had joined the Radiance Church; nothing more than that.

In addition to these influential nobles, Lyndsay Baker also knew of several mercenary groups and medium sized merchant firms that were affiliated with the Radiance Church. Several of those were even managed by him.

Other than that, Lyndsay Baker didn’t know anything else. Zhao Hai, however, had already benefited significantly from this. They now had a deeper understanding of the Radiance Church’s strength.

The Radiance Church was truly too formidable. When Zhao Hai had heard that the Black Magician Alliance had ten thousand black magicians, he’d thought the alliance was already pretty good. Now he understood that compared to the Radiance Church, they were really too far off.

They were really too clever as they pulled those influential aristocrats and Grand Dukes into their camp and made them either Protector Knights or elders. If the Radiance Church had a matter, then they would naturally help. Don’t underestimate the strength of these people. Even if they themselves didn’t directly assist, they would only have to say a few words and those lower aristocrats would naturally follow them as a way to curry favor and they would act on their order.

Because of all this, the Radiance Church had developed quickly within the past several years. The church didn’t just pull aristocrats in, but also used them to spread their influence. Due to a variety of benefits, those aristocrats were tied tightly to the church’s chariot.

With the help of those aristocrats, the black magicians had been repulsed within the continent. In such a short amount of time, black magicians had become isolated.

Compared to the Radiance Church, the Black Magician Alliance fell short. Maru didn’t speak of how many aristocrats had joined the Black Magician Alliance. This was, in fact, a weakness of the Black Magician Alliance.

One must understand that on the continent, the rules of aristocrats governed the commoners. Once the commoners had a preconceived idea about something, it would be very difficult to change it.

When comparing the Black Magician Alliance with the Radiance Church, the biggest flaw of the alliance was that it wasn’t under a unified leadership. The Radiance Church, however, was like the headquarters of light magicians. All light magicians were members of the Radiance Church and were under unified leadership. It goes without saying that all of their actions would naturally have a purpose. They had the upper hand when fighting against the divided black magicians.

While the black magicians had recently established the Black Magician Alliance, this alliance was, in fact, very loose. Wanting to achieve victory over the Radiance Church to any degree was impossible several times over.

Zhao Hai, however, didn’t think the black magicians would be suppressed by the Radiance Church to such a level. After all, the Black Magician Alliance was a loose organization with a lot of freedom. It was precisely because of this that they could develop anywhere. If the Radiance Church was the shining rays of the sun in the day, then the black magicians would be the dark clouds of the night sky. Wherever the sun doesn’t shine, there will always be a place for them to survive.

Furthermore, the Radiance Church wasn’t in a state of crisis at the moment. While they grew quickly and desperately pulled aristocrats into their camp, for any empire this became a factor of instability. Those great empires might possibly go against the Radiance Church. When this happens, the Radiance Church wouldn’t be able to continue their arrogance.

Zhao Hai thought that if the great empires were to deal with the Radiance Church, it would create a large opportunity for the black magicians. A great aristocrat didn’t wish to see one side being dominant; they wanted the play to be balanced. To deal with the Radiance Church, there was no more appropriate enemy than the black magicians. Once the Radiance Church began to threaten their rule, the great empires would start to check and balance them. They would begin to move their own influence in a battle of wits against the Radiance Church, and the black magicians would be a vital part of this.

Of course, at present, these were all just Zhao Hai’s conjectures[1]. Those great empires wouldn’t dare to easily move. Here on the Ark Continent, beliefs were free. Anyone could have faith in anything. If those great empires really had to deal with the Radiance Church, then they could just introduce new beliefs to replace the church’s. This way, they wouldn’t even need to use the black magicians.

The suppression of black magicians by the Radiance Church had been viewed with indifference by the great empires. Those great empires didn’t have a good impression of black magicians anyway, so they wouldn’t necessarily ask the black magicians to help deal with the Radiance Church.

After they listened to Lyndsay Baker’s explanation, Green and the others were in a heavy mood. The strength of the Radiance Church was beyond their imagination. Later on, when they began to act on the continent, they feared it would be difficult for them to move.

Zhao Hai waved and recalled Lyndsay Baker. He then turned to Green and said, “What does Grandpa Green and Grandpa Quinn John think of this?”

Green pondered for a moment. “They’re not easy to provoke. It seems we will have to implement our plans. First, we hide in the Beastfolk Prairie for a while.”

Quinn John nodded as he said, “Although the strength of the Radiance Church is formidable, it’s impossible for their influence to reach the Beastfolk Prairie. For the beastfolk, there is only one god. The Radiance Church is radically unpopular there. As such, nobody would buy into their words. After arriving in the Beastfolk Prairie, we will need to stay there for some time. After we’re out of the limelight, we can come back.”

Meirin[2] also nodded. “That’s good. Right now, the Radiance Church only knows the black magician identity of the Young Master and not of the Buda clan. If they knew of that, then we wouldn’t only be facing the Radiance Church, but the whole of the Aksu Empire[3]. If that happens, then we’ll need to hide in the Beastfolk Prairie for our lifetime. It’s good that they don’t know our identity. We’ll first hide in the Beastfolk Prairie and do business with the beastfolk. With this, they won’t be able to find out anything about us.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Even if we’re in the Beastfolk Prairie, we have to be careful. This time around, we bought many commodities. Those with high aspirations have surely looked into what we’ve bought and know we’re going to the Beastfolk Prairie. No matter if it’s the Radiance Church or Boric, they have both suffered losses at our hands and will surely retaliate. I fear that even if we hide in the Beastfolk Prairies, they won’t let us off.”

Green smiled faintly and said, “After they’ve attacked us several times, those fellows still want to retaliate against us. We have to think about this. I fear that the next time, we may have to deal with a Rank Nine expert.”

Quinn John chuckled. “That won’t be possible. As long as we’re in the Beastfolk Prairie, they won’t dare to send a Rank Nine expert to deal with us. It’s impossible for a Terran Rank Nine expert to enter the Beastfolk Prairie, otherwise a Rank Nine expert of the Beastfolk Prairie would strike at them and kill them on the spot. Moreover, it might provoke a war between the Terrans and beastfolk. Whether it is the Radiance Church or Boric, do either have the courage to do so?”

Green smiled. He certainly knew of this matter as he had participated in a war between the Terrans and beastfolk in the past. Beastfolk were a militant group. If the Terrans really did sent a Rank Nine expert to run around in the Beastfolk Prairie and cause storms, then what awaiting the Terrans would be thousands of cavalries.

Laura also smiled. “Actually, we’re thinking about this a little too much. Although Lyndsay Baker had told us a lot, don’t forget that he stated a few other points. The influence of the Radiance Church within the Rosen Empire isn’t very strong, and the Rosen Empire is the most powerful empire on the continent, incomparable.

“If the Radiance Church wants to win over the aristocrats of the Rosen Empire, then it would be too difficult. Once the king of the Rosen Empire knows, then the Radiance Church wouldn’t be able to move within the empire. The strength of the Rosen Empire is the same as the combined strength of several other empires. This can be an opportunity for us. With the Space, we can set up a transfer point within the Rosen Empire. We can slowly start developing within the Rosen Empire without needing to fear the Radiance Church.”

Quinn John shook his head. “We still need to be careful. Although the Rosen Empire is powerful, they probably don’t like black magicians. If the Radiance Church uses this point and tells them that they are dealing with black magicians, then they might turn and deal with us. This won’t make it easier for us.”

Laura nodded and Zhao Hai smiled slightly as he said, “Actually, we’re just repeating things over and over again. The issue here is my status as a black magicians. Don’t forget, everyone that as a magician, I can also use earth element, wind element, and light element magic. Light magicians are members of the Radiance Church, so this wouldn’t be a good choice of disguise. An earth element magician or wind element magician could be something I can pretend to be. Those people wouldn’t be able to keep a constant eye on me.

“Moreover, the Rosen Empire is quite a distance from the Aksu Empire[4]. How would the Aksu Empire’s great aristocrats know of my Buda clan identity there? Also, the Rosen Empire and Aksu Empire aren’t friendly neighbors. They wouldn’t help the Aksu Empire’s aristocrats deal with us, right?”

Everyone’s eyes couldn’t help but light up when they heard what Zhao Hai said. They had forgotten that Zhao Hai could use four types of elemental magic. Black magic and light magic couldn’t be used, so he would just use the other two. It was the same since he could still pretend to be a magician, which was a good idea.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]Intelligent thoughts that make no sense when coming from a nobody like Zhao Hai. His intelligence is all over the place…

[2]She came out of nowhere.

[3]You’re already facing the whole of the Aksu Empire. Boric = King of the Aksu Empire. Radiance Church = Boric’s boss. Zhao Hai = enemy of Radiance Church. I doubt the aristocrats really care about you enough to really count in this. It’s basically Boric as the source of all Buda clan problems and Radiance Church as the source of all Zhao Hai black magician problems. I’m surprised Boric hadn’t already declared war on Zhao Hai.

[4]What? I thought they were right beside each other? Didn’t Boric’s old land border on the Rosen Empire’s lands?





Chapter 228: Beast God City


Meirin frowned. “Will this be alright? Aside from black magicians, almost all of the other magicians don’t wear magic hats. If the Young Master doesn’t wear a magic hat, then he’ll be identifiable. Even if we’re speaking about the Rosen Empire and don’t need to fear the aristocrats of the Aksu Empire, the Young Master had still drunk the Water of Nothingness. This fact is known by all. If they know of Young Master’s identity, then we will face greater troubles. After all, the Water of Nothingness is known to have no cure. If we make it known that we can cure the toxin of the Water of Nothingness, then it’ll cause trouble. Even if the Young Master denies it, they might find out about the Ghost Cane. If this secret gets out, then it’ll cause trouble as people try to grab it[1].”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly. “Alright then, I won’t pretend to be a normal magician. I’ll just stick to being a Divergent Warlock. Anyway, one doesn’t need to cultivate to use a Divergent Technique.”

Green frowned. “Actually, what the Young Master said about him being a Divergent Warlock isn’t incorrect, it’s just that his Divergent Technique is truly too formidable. As such, we shouldn’t let others know of it. If the Young Master reveals his identity, then we will gain more problems. No matter what, the identity of the Young Master shouldn’t be shown there. We cannot let them know of the Young Master’s identity.”

Quinn John nodded. “This is right. If we let them know of Zhao Hai’s identity, then it’ll be very troublesome for us. How about this? Why don’t we let him wear a mask? There are many Divergent Warlocks on the continent with unique appearances, so if Zhao Hai wore a mask then nobody should be able to recognize him.”

Zhao Hai frowned. “But if that’s the case, I won’t be able to wear this magic robe. This magic robe was given to me by Laura, so I like it very much.”

When she heard Zhao Hai’s words, Laura’s face turned red[2]. As the others laughed, Laura turned more embarrassed. Although her heart felt sweet, Laura still stretched out a hand to pinch Zhao Hai’s back.

Laura’s attempt to hide it naturally wasn’t hidden to Green and the others, and this made them laugh louder. Only Meg’s facial expression was gloomy as she’d paid attention to Laura and saw it all clearly[3].

Meirin smiled and said, “Young Master won’t need to worry about your magic robe. We can just change your attire. Whatever a Divergent Warlock uses, so long as the style of the robe is altered then nobody will be able to see through it.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “The mask is something that’s needed, but I don’t want it to be the type that blocks the entirety of my face. That’ll be too stuffy.”

Everyone laughed. It seemed that everything had been set. It can be said that the matters within the Purcell Duchy has been left behind.

Once the laughter stopped, Laura[4] continued, “Since we’re going to the Beastfolk Prairie, we will need to find a place to live. I had some businesses in the Beastfolk Prairie, but trade there isn’t great. Only a handful of ethnic tribes do business with me, and none of them war tribes. As such, the income isn’t great. I had kept a steward in the Beastfolk Prairie named Artest[5]. He’s a very loyal person and someone we can rely upon completely. He is, however, there to work. One must know that things are very different within the Beastfolk Prairie. Generally, if we make agreements with the buyers of our commodities, we then transport the cargo. If we just place it wherever, then we may get robbed.”

Zhao Hai didn’t do any research about business, nor did he have any contact with the beastfolk. As such, he didn’t understand much and had no real say in these matters.

Quinn John nodded. “Right now, what we must do is establish a relationship with one of the war tribes first. So long as we create a business around a war tribe, nobody would dare to touch us later on in the Beastfolk Prairie. When we act within the Beastfolk Prairie, we can rely on a tribe’s War Flag. No one would dare to move against an ethnic group within the prairies.”

Zhao Hai wasn’t able to understand any of this, but Green knew that the war tribes were the kings of the Beastfolk Prairie. In fact, it could be said that the Beastfolk Prairie was a collection of several large and small bandit groups. The larger tribes would be the bigger bandit groups, while the smaller tribes were smaller bandit groups. The bigger bandits robbed the smaller bandits. This was the rule of survival within the Beastfolk Prairie.

Because of this, if the beastfolk had a harder time making a living, they would rob from others. To continue living was one of the reasons why the beastfolk and Terrans fought against one another.

These war tribes were the powerful fighting ethnic groups within the beastfolk race. They were the biggest tribes—the big bandit groups.

If you only did business with some regular ethnic tribes or ordinary war tribes, then you’d be unsafe. Only when you did business with the formidable war tribes would you be safe from danger. This was how business was done within the Beastfolk Prairie.

Each war tribe had their own flag, and this war flag represented the dignity of the war tribe. Anyone who dared to offend those with that war flag would be hunted down endlessly by that war tribe and killed.

War tribes held a high degree of respect towards the merchants they worked with. To ensure the safety of those merchants, they would give them their war flag and allow them to raise it upon their caravans. This way, they could guarantee the safety of those merchants. Otherwise, the caravans would meet with smaller bandit tribes within the Beastfolk Prairie, which was unsafe.

Zhao Hai nodded. “What commodities are best sold within the Beastfolk Prairie?”

Quinn John smiled lightly. “Food[6] is ranked first. Second is salt and weapons take third place. These are the things that are scarcest within the Beastfolk Prairie.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly. “Salt and iron, these items are ones we can’t get. Food, however, isn’t a problem. In any case, once we arrive in the Beastfolk Prairie, they won’t be able to gain control of our food supply. This is the same for those beastfolk if they tried to rob and steal from us. We can grow a variety of grain products within the Space and then supply it to the beastfolk.”

Quinn John nodded. “This is exactly what we want. Since the price of food in the Beastfolk Prairie is high, if we lower our prices then we will most certainly become the most popular merchants there. Moreover, vegetables is also one of the most scarce produce for those beastfolk. Since we have the Space, we won’t have any problem with transporting vegetables. If we can transport vegetables, then I believe they will certainly sell well.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “While I say we cannot supply their other needs, if it’s just vegetables and grains, then we can openly and widely supply them. We can also trade large quantities of magic beasts with them, which is a good thing.”

Laura smiled. “With the things you have here, I don’t need to be worried. I do think, however, that we should first set up a transfer point within the Beastfolk Prairie. We will also need to set one up inside the Rosen Empire. We cannot always take magic beasts from the Beastfolk Prairie and just keep them stored. We’ll need to get rid of them, and we can do that by selling them to the Rosen Empire. As such, we can turn grains and magic beasts into money.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “This is also good. Right, Laura, where are your people located within the Beastfolk Prairie at the moment?”

Laura quickly replied, “Right now, they’re at Three Paths Curve[7] near Yaja River[8]. It’s the largest of two rivers in the Beastfolk Prairie, and Three Paths Curve is the reason why the riverway bends and the basis for its fame. The appearance of the water is gentle, and it isn’t too far from the border near Black Mountain Fortress within the Purcell Duchy. It’ll take us five days to reach there.”

Although Zhao Hai hadn’t been to the Beastfolk Prairie and didn’t know the situation there, he did have a certain understanding with regards to Yaja River. He knew that it stemmed from the Extreme North Ice Origin[9], which was one of the continent’s five great restricted areas. It shared this honor with the Carrion Swamp. This river crosses through the entire Beastfolk Prairie and into the Purcell Duchy. Once it reached the Purcell Duchy, it took up the name of Jade Belt River[10].

That was right, Yaja River was the upper part of Jade Belt River. As such, the Purcell Duchy had a detailed record about Yaja River. The Yaja River was also the Beastfolk Prairie’s most famous river and was referred to as the beastfolk’s mother river.

No matter if it was herding or for living, the beastfolk and water were inseparable. The Yaja River wasn’t only the largest flowing body of water, but it was also a gentle one. The beastfolk wouldn’t just be able to fetch water from it, but also fish from it. For the beastfolk, the Yaja River was their mother. Generations of beastfolk were raised by it.

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That’s not too far from the Purcell Duchy then. Right, which tribe are you in contact with? Is it safe?”

Laura smiled and said, “It’s secure. My business has contact with two tribes. One is the Cattle-people Tribe[11], the other is the Fragrant Pig Tribe[12]. These two are ethnic groups. The Cattle-people Tribe raise cattle while the Fragrant Pig Tribe is also very famous on the continent. These two beastfolk tribes are very mild. Moreover, they are near to the Purcell Duchy. The magic beasts they produce are meat producing magic beasts, and the income from this is quite good.”

Zhao Hai nodded. His understanding of the beastfolk wasn’t much[13]. One must know that there were a thousand different beastfolk races. Take, for example, the Cattle-people Tribe. They were divided into rhinoceroses, yaks, oxen, longhorn cattles, buffaloes, and many other dozens of races. Wanting to memorize all these races was like trying to memorize a whole book. Zhao Hai didn’t have that kind of ability[14].

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “First, we’ll go and see Three Paths Curve and have a look. Then we’ll proceed onward into the Beastfolk Prairie. Since the Beastfolk Prairie is big, we must find a suitable place to set up the transfer point. It has to be near a region inhabited by a large tribe.”

Laura thought about it for a while, then her eyes shone brightly. “I thought of a place. Although the place is far and deep within the Beastfolk Prairie, it is the holy land in the hearts of the beastfolk.”

After Laura said this, the people in the room knew what Laura meant[15]. Although they couldn’t have possibly gone there, they had all heard of it; the only city within the Beastfolk Prairie—Beast God City[16].

Beast God City was famous among the beastfolk. Within the Beastfolk Prairies, there was only vast and endless grasslands. There were no mountains, no stones for production. As such, constructing a city was too difficult.

The establishment of Beast God City, however, was actually a miracle. A beastmen-created miracle.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]Congratulations. You already revealed the Ghost Cane was special. For no true reason, people will assume it’s the reason for your OPness and aim for that. Even if you say it can’t be taken from you, then how about if you die?

[2]Probably from embarrassment, cause that was sappy as heck and creepy. Author, please go on a date…

[3]Does anyone else feel a bit awkward when reading the author’s attempts at romance? I get creeped out just editing it…

[4]RAWS says Meirin spoke here, but Laura is the one with contacts… I am also wondering if all my previous uses of Meirin was actually Laura…

[5]阿泰 – ā tài. Cause no point in ruining a good GTL name choice.

[6]I should note that 粮 can mean either food or grain and 粮食 generally means food/food so food. Sometimes, only 粮 is used, so we use context to switch between grains and food, which can get confusing. Even worse when he’s a farmer and grains is his fastest growing produce. This issue was most prevalent during the food crisis.

[7]三道弯 – Sān dào wān.

[8]雅加河 – Yǎ jiā hé.

[9]极北冰原 – Jí běi bīngyuán. Tentative name. Can also be Polar North. Can also be Ice Source.

[10]Jade Belt River was the place where the Universal Origin Sword Saint had fought that other unknown Rank Nine and turned the river into a lake.

[11]牛人族 – Niúrén zú.

[12]香猪族 – Xiāng zhū zú.

[13]Oh my… we get it already, he knows nothing. Must be the 4th time this came up. We should just rename this chapter to “Clueless about Beastfolk–Zhao Hai.”

[14]No, but as MC he has selective plot memory. If something happens around him, he’ll have read some obscure entry about it in a book somewhere. Or someone else would have. Like when the Devouring Blood Mosquitoes came up. “Unknown, unknown, oh, now we both remember it.”

[15]Probably except for Zhao Hai, who knows nothing about anything there.

[16]兽神城 – Shòu shénchéng.





Chapter 229: Occupying an Area


Everyone understood what Beast God City signified. It was the holy land in the hearts of every beastfolk. The city was placed on the original land of the beastfolk, and was made of hay and mud. But the water used for the mud wasn’t ordinary water. This mud was instead created with the blood of various magic beasts that they had originally raised, so one could actually call this beast blood mud.

Due to the lack of lumber in the Beastfolk Prairie, the wood that should have been used within Beast God City was instead replaced with the bones of magic beasts. These reasons were the basis for the city’s name of Beast God City.

To construct Beast God City, every beastfolk tribe had to live frugally for decades. They didn’t even know how many magic beasts had been sacrificed to complete the city.

This was the holy land in the hearts of every beastfolk. The position of Beast God City was close to the Extreme North Ice Origin. This was because the beastfolk had repelled the demons within the Extreme North Ice Origin, so they constructed Beast God City as an icon to commemorate that victory.

Furthermore, there was no City Lord or city garrison. Beast God City, however, was the safest city on the entire continent. The beastfolk population within Beast God City numbered almost one million. Within a thousand miles around the city, violence and theft wasn’t allowed. The penalty for either was execution on the spot.

This was the custom of Beast God City and it had been set during its founding. No one could destroy Beast God City because of the formidable war tribes that lived there. Moreover, it wasn’t just a single ethnic race that lived there, but a cohabitation of various ethnic races. This was the area where the most violent beastfolk became the most honest.

After many years of development, Beast God City became the Beastfolk Prairie’s largest commodities distribution center. Every day was lively as merchants from every race and tribe did business within Beast God City.

Although violence wasn’t permitted in Beast God City, if a merchant dared to deceive a beastfolk then they would certainly be unfortunate. What Beast God City prohibited was violence among the tribes and ethnic races, so if a Terran dared to act unreasonable, then Beast God City’s law enforcement team would act. These beastfolk weren’t ones to be trifled with. They would kill the Terran, and moreover wouldn’t have any regard over their circumstances. If one dared to deceive a beastfolk, then no matter what tribe, they wouldn’t give any opportunity for an explanation and would just move to execute.

For merchants like Laura who didn’t wish to make dirty money, Beast God City was the best destination. Although they wouldn’t be able to set up a store there, a tent could still be established to start their business.

Before, Laura had wanted to go to Beast God City, but unfortunately her business had still been too small scale back then so she was unqualified to trade there. If someone wanted to do business in Beast God City and the commodities they had on hand came up short, then they’d be extremely embarrassed. To be able to make transactions in Beast God City, one must have at least 5 million kilograms of food[1]. Laura didn’t have capital that large to bring in such an amount of commodities back then.

Now, however, things were different as they had the Space. If Zhao Hai saved all the bamboo rice being harvested, then they could hoard 10 million kilograms of bamboo rice per day. This wasn’t a small amount. With so much food in their possession, Laura could certainly dare to walk into Beast God City to do business.

Due to these reasons, Beast God City became famous on the continent. Whether it were the Terrans or other races, they had all heard of it. After all, the beastfolk were a large and numerous race on the continent, and in the hearts of these beastfolk, Beast God City was their holy land.

When he heard Laura refer to Beast God City with her description, Quinn John nodded and said, “I also think Beast God City is the most appropriate place. If we do business there and don’t deceive the beastfolk, then we won’t have to worry about trading there. What’s more, security is guaranteed. Within a thousand mile radius of Beast God City, violence and theft isn’t allowed. Even the beastfolk wouldn’t dare to create any disputes, not to mention us Terrans. If someone dares to move against us there, then they are just courting death[2].”

Green also nodded. “I agree. I heard that in Beast God City there are five Rank Nine experts there all year round. Although they don’t manage the city, they’ll immediately move to execute any expert that dares make trouble in Beast God City. Those five beastfolk within Beast God City are called the Five Great Law Enforcers.”

Nodding, Quinn John said, “Those Five Great Law Enforcers are famous beastfolk experts. Their battle strength is formidable. Also, several large war tribes live near Beast God City and those large tribes also have their own Rank Nine experts. If a matter occurs in Beast God City then those Rank Nine experts will be able to rush forth at a moment’s notice and ensure the security of Beast God City. I can say that the quantity of Rank Nine experts in Beast God City wouldn’t be less than ten.”

Zhao Hai was surprised. He didn’t think that the defenses of Beast God City would be at such a level. Ten Rank Nine experts. This almost caught up to the defense of Flower City[3].

This was about right. At the moment, no matter what Zhao Hai’s status was, it would be equal to zero in Beast God City. The beastfolk wouldn’t accept any status given by Terrans. Even if a Terran was a murderer or arsonist, to the beastfolk they didn’t care as they only saw you as a Terran. They wouldn’t treat you like a criminal so long as you were honest within the Beastfolk Prairie.

This was what Zhao Hai wanted. The Radiance Church had a strong influence within Terran territories, so he had to avoid it. Zhao Hai could provide food, something the beastfolk needed the most, and so long as he established a relationship with the beastfolk, the Radiance Church wouldn’t be able to move against him so casually.

This thought made Zhao Hai smile. “That’s right, it’s only with Beast God City’s security that we can feel relieved enough to do business there. With this, we can start tomorrow and immediately leave. First, I’ll order an Eagle Virtuous Phantasm to bring the Ghost Cane into the Beastfolk Prairie. Then we can use a saddled horse carriage to head for Beast God City. This trip will allow us to understand how the beastfolk live and learn their habits as well as observe the surrounding terrain. What do you all think of this?”

Green nodded. “I agree. In the end, our biggest secret is this Space, and it needs to be upgraded as soon as possible. That is our most pressing matter. Since the Beastfolk Prairie not only has an abundance of magic beasts but also a variety of plants, then even if those plants aren’t magic plants, they can still contribute to the upgrade of the Space. Also, the Spatial Ranch level is too low. I think we should increase its level as soon as possible.”

Laura and the others simultaneously nodded. With regards to the Space’s mysterious ability, they had understood a little of it after several days. This Space was truly too mysterious. If they could upgrade it as soon as possible, then the benefits for them would be very large.

Nodding, Laura said, “Alright, I think we should do this. As the matter stands, even though it would take a long time for us, the benefits we will obtain would also be very large. Let’s do it.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “We will now prepare the food so that later on, we won’t be in short supply once we do transactions with the beastfolk. Moreover, we must finish the transformation plan for the Black Waste as soon as possible. We should also prepare a carriage. When we arrive in the Beastfolk Prairie, we can start to sell food to any tribe that wants it. This will certainly make our products very popular.”

Laura nodded and said, “Clearing the way with food. This is the best way to do it, but we must overcome problems and lay a foundation ahead of time in order to let those large war tribes notice us. With this, once we move into Beast God City, it’ll help us a lot. One must know that occupying a place in Beast God City isn’t easy.”

Quinn John nodded. “In the past, we’d planned to go and do business in Beast God City. Unfortunately, our foundations was still too thin and we gave up in the end. We do, however, understand a little about the situation of Beast God City. We know that there is a million beastfolk living in the city. It can be regarded as a great city, but since way back then, major merchant clans on the continent have already put up shop there. The places that could be occupied by merchants have already been taken. If we go there and want to occupy a place, I fear it won’t be easy. If we can show them that we have a lot of food in our hands that we can sell, then there will be more certainty of being able to occupy a place there.”

Laura nodded. “In the Beastfolk Prairie, so long as the beastfolk think that we’re good people, we can occupy a place in Beast God City. With that, we will be able to stand firmly there.”

Quinn John looked at Zhao Hai and said, “There’s no need to be so curious. Although they constructed Beast God City, the city had been built using the blood of magic beasts to make mud for the construction. As such, there weren’t many buildings created. The majority of the city is just stretches of open land. There wouldn’t be any stores, but tents instead. If we wish to open a shop there, you’d need to occupy an area and then it would be alright.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He thought about how there wouldn’t be any high rise buildings in the city. A large city with a population of a million, how much area did this cover? Furthermore, the city was also built using magic beast blood mud. How many magic beasts did they need to kill? To be honest, if the beastfolk could build a modern urban constructed city, then it would be a miracle. How much force would be needed to do so? If the city had high rise buildings, then needless to say the amount of magic beast blood mud would reach an astronomical figure. He feared the beastfolk couldn’t afford to do so.

With this thought, Zhao Hai’s eyes shone brightly. “The Space can produce a lot of fruit trees and we can also move a lot of stone through it. So long as we can occupy a place, we can construct a wooden house. There is only one Beast God City so by the time we head there our names won’t be unknown.”

Laura nodded. “This is also a good idea. Those beastfolk handle matters in a very direct manner. If we want to obtain their respect, then we cannot hide anything and must show off our strength. This will allow the beastfolk to see that we have the skill, and with this they will place importance on us.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “Alright, things are set. Cai’er, arrange it like this. First, plant a lot of bamboo rice, but don’t stop planting the fruit oil. We want a lot of them as we will primarily be selling those low-end products first.”

Cai’er complied immediately and made the preparations.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]Original was 10 million jin, with a jin being 0.5 kg. 5 million kilograms is 11 million lbs, give or take 23,000 lbs.

[2]I hope the author realizes that he could have gotten rid of all that narrative before this paragraph and used this as the description for BGC…

[3]So he does still remember the Rank Nines there. Damn coward.





Chapter 230: Into the Prairie


The next morning, Zhao Hai followed the plan they’d agreed on yesterday and released two blood-colored Eagle Virtuous Phantasms and gave them his Ghost Cane. Then he ordered the blood-colored eagles to fly in the direction of Ironwall Fortress[1].

Ironwall Fortress was very far from the Black Waste. If one were to travel by saddled horse carriage, then it would take about half a month to reach it. By horse it would take around ten days. Of course, this was assuming one were traveling leisurely and without haste.

This Ironwall Fortress was the first line of defense for the Purcell Duchy against the Beastfolk Prairie. It was the firmest defensive line in the Purcell Duchy and garrisoned 20,000 elite Benniu Guards[2] the whole year round. These 20,000 elite Benniu Guards, when facing the non-elite beastfolk army, could stand against 100,000 of them. They could even hold that defensive line for several days.

The most important part was that the Purcell clan kept a magician corps inside Ironwall Fortress. This magician corps couldn’t actually be called a corps, but instead a squad. Altogether, there were only 50 Rank Four to Rank Six magicians in the corps, and around 200 Rank One to Rank Three magicians.

There were many Rank One to Rank Three magicians on the continent. Some of those magicians could only drift along with a mercenary group and wouldn’t have many good days. As such, defending Ironwall Fortress was comparatively better. The allowance was good and so long as there wasn’t war they would be very safe.

Although the number of magicians in this corps didn’t amount to much and were of low ranks, in a war they wielded a might that was quite powerful. A common soldier wouldn’t be able to do anything while a magician would be able to cast area of effect offensive magic techniques. With regards to a battle, this was very useful.

Drawing on a modern analogy, a common soldier could be compared to a millet and rifle soldier. They could only attack one at a time like a single-shot rifle. A magician, on the other hand, would be like a machine gun. When they were connected, magicians would be able to cause mass destruction. This was the difference[3].

The reason Ironwall Fortress was called such was due to the brilliant record made by the Purcell Duchy’s elite Benniu Guards. With 50,000 soldiers they were able to block a 500,000 strong beastfolk army’s offense for half a month. When the Aksu Empire’s reinforcements finally arrived, the 50,000 strong elite Benniu Guard was down to a mere 5,000 and the walls of Ironwall Fortress was dyed with blood.

Due to this service done by the Benniu Guard, they became famous. As such, the Purcell clan, after this battle, obtained the position of a Grand Duke household. This was the time when the present Purcell Duchy was established.

It could be said that Ironwall Fortress wasn’t only famous for the Terrans, but also for the beastfolk. The beastfolk had tried many times to invade, but was always blocked by Ironwall Fortress.

Zhao Hai and the others sat in the living room, watching the scenery shown on the screen. To be honest, Zhao Hai didn’t know much of the Purcell Duchy[4]. These days, he only understood the situation in Casa City. He’d only travelled from Black Mountain Fortress to Casa City, so with regards to the foundations of the city, he didn’t know much.

Now he had the opportunity to gain a better understanding. Although he could only take a glance at everything since the Eagle Virtuous Phantasms were flying, it was still better than nothing.

By the time the sky turned dark, the blood-colored Eagle Virtuous Phantasms had left the boundary of the Purcell Duchy. They had not officially entered the Beastfolk Prairie and was now over a hundred kilometers[5] away from Ironwall Fortress[6]. They hadn’t seen any beastfolk tribes yet, but this wasn’t surprising. Beastfolk tribes wouldn’t be so close to Ironwall Fortress, otherwise the garrisoned troops would rush out and exterminate them. This was due to a fear that the beastfolk might spy on their military.

With regards to this situation, the beastfolk accepted it since the Terrans couldn’t arbitrarily send many armed soldiers into the Beastfolk Prairie either.

Now that the eagles were over a hundred kilometers from Ironwall Fortress, Zhao Hai took the blood-colored Eagle Virtuous Phantasms back. They were preparing to travel on via carriage starting tomorrow. After all, they were now in the Beastfolk Prairie. If they wanted to do business with the beastfolk, then depending on the flying blood-colored eagles wouldn’t be enough.

In the evening, Zhao Hai went back to the Black Waste to continue improving the land. With relation to the Space’s recent upgrades, he could now improve more land each day. He improved 700,000 square meters[7] of land, which wasn’t a small area.

Zhao Hai, however, was very careful. He improved the land that was covered by the smog while those outside the area stayed the same.

After such long use of Spatial Water in the irrigation process, the outer perimeter of Fort Iron Mountain could now be planted with ordinary vegetables. In addition, the corn within the valley was about the mature.

This was very good news for Zhao Hai. The Spatial Water could be used to irrigate and unexpectedly it could also reduce the maturity time for the crops. For Zhao Hai, this was very important.

Laura was also very busy. She hadn’t been to the Black Waste before, but since this was her home now, she naturally had to understand the Black Waste.

Laura understood that the Black Waste was a really large place. This excited her and increased her enthusiasm. She was ready to regulate the Black Waste and go all out.

Zhao Hai was tolerant of Laura’s enthusiasm. He didn’t have any reason to block it anyway. It seemed that right now, Laura had found a new and novel toy and was fiddling around with it non-stop. If he wanted to stop her at this time, she would definitely not comply[8].

Fortunately, Zhao Hai still came out of the Space the next morning with three people, Laura, Meg, and Nier.

With three beauties accompanying him, Zhao Hai was of course happy. Some time ago, Meg hadn’t been very happy after she’d determined the relationship between Zhao Hai and Laura. Zhao Hai didn’t have much time back then as he’d had a lot of matters to deal with, so he wasn’t able to have a discussion with Meg about it all. Afterward, no one knew what Laura had told Meg, but Meg was now happy. Although Zhao Hai didn’t know why this was, since she was happy he also felt relieved.

The four of them now sat within Laura’s original carriage. Snowflake celestial foals[9] pulled the carriage and the wagons behind it. All of these were once the property of Laura’s original stores. Since Laura was leaving, then naturally the wagons would be put to use.

Since they were now venturing into the Beastfolk Prairie, those wagons were loaded with food. There was a long way to go so there wasn’t much food loaded onto the wagons themselves. Each wagon held half a tonne of commodities. 50 wagons total held 25 tonnes[10].

25 tonnes of food. With regards to a small tribe, it wasn’t a small amount. For a medium sized tribe, however, it wasn’t much.

Those 50 wagons were all manned by undead. They drove the wagons and also protected them at the same time. The remaining undead were all placed in the Black Waste by Zhao Hai.

When the four of them appeared in the Beastfolk Prairie, they weren’t that surprised. The scenery in the prairie was pretty much the same as the Space’s. Since the Space now had a prairie as a background, and it was also more stunning than the Beastfolk Prairie, the scenery around them didn’t have much of an attraction.

Aside from the undead driving the wagons, Zhao Hai also released a hundred blood-colored Eagle Virtuous Phantasms. These weren’t used for attacking, but for scouting the area. Since the Beastfolk Prairie wasn’t that safe, those blood-colored Eagle Virtuous Phantasms were there to act as insurance.

Zhao Hai looked around at the prairies while Meg stared at Zhao Hai. Her gaze was filled with the infatuation of one that was charmed[11]. When she looked at Zhao Hai’s appearance, Meg remembered what Laura had said a couple days ago.

That day when Laura and Zhao Hai had secretly talked, Laura saw that Meg had followed them and seen what had happened between the two of them. She also saw Meg’s expression becoming odd. Laura was clever and understood that Meg was worried.

Later on, Laura searched for Meg and spoke with her. Laura knew from looking at Zhao Hai that he also held affection for Meg[12] and that he couldn’t forget his feelings for her. Laura, however, had decided to marry Zhao Hai. Naturally, she hoped that everything around Zhao Hai would be fine and that unpleasant things wouldn’t appear. The rear court especially couldn’t catch on fire[13].

Presently, their foundations were too thin and there were many issues that had happened. If a fire started in the rear court, then it wouldn’t do any good for Zhao Hai if every day there was a fire.

As Zhao Hai’s wife, Laura thought that she should fix this unstable factor and nip it in the bud. Therefore, Laura looked for Meg and thoroughly discussed things over with her.

Laura didn’t say much. She just told Meg that during the time Zhao Hai had proposed to her, he’d also told her that he would certainly marry the two of them, so she told Meg to not be worried.

Meg didn’t think Laura would be this frank and direct. This made Meg somewhat embarrassed. At the same time, she also accepted Laura. As such, after they spoke, their relationship became better.

These two women were in love with the same man, so they would naturally and wholeheartedly consider everything for the sake of this man. On the Ark Continent, men had the right to marry several wives, and this was normal. Thus, they weren’t jealous, and for Zhao Hai, this solved a lot of trouble[14].

Zhao Hai didn’t know any of this. To be honest, his feelings with regards to this was really dull. Fortunately, there was Laura. Otherwise the problem would have been troublesome.

Due to their conversation, the knot in Meg’s heart was untied and the last of her worries vanished. Therefore, she was very happy.

For Meg, status wasn’t important so long as she was beside Zhao Hai. After Laura told her Zhao Hai intended to marry her, everything else was ignored.

Laura also noted Meg’s performance and didn’t say anything. Her heart, however, felt slightly sour, but she didn’t have any means of mending it. After all, Meg had known Zhao Hai a lot longer than she[15]. Even if she was angry, it was useless since her heart was already firmly tied with Zhao Hai.

At this time, a blood-colored eagle Zhao Hai had ordered to fly to the east suddenly flew back and alerted them. It kept circling Zhao Hai’s head. Zhao Hai now knew that a situation had occurred in the east.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]铁壁要塞 – Tiě bì yàosài.

[2]If people remember from long ago, we’d decided on Benniu. The equivalent names were just plain bad, such as Rushing Bull. Just treat Benniu in the same line of names as Taoyuan and Higanbana.

[3]And is also Fantasy Logic 101. Who is he explaining this to?

[4]We just had 20 chapters of him saying he didn’t know anything about the Beastfolk Prairie but knew about the Purcell Duchy, and now we get this. Zhao Hai, go back to school. Go to ‘Nobles Academy for Dandies’ or something.

[5]It said a few hundred li (里), a li being half a kilometer. A hundred kilometers is about 62 international miles.

[6]So basically, after that long ass infodump on Ironwall Fortress, we don’t even get to see it. *applauds genius author for super duper excellent amazing writing skills* I don’t care if it comes up later, it was still an unnecessary infodump.

[7]The original RAW said 1000 mu. Since we decided before that mu would only be used in the Space, this was then converted into square meters, which is 666666.7. Rounded up to a clean number of 700.000, but remember that it’s really 666666.7. 1000 mu is 165 acres.

[8]What the hell? What was the point with this paragraph? Author just demoted her to a little kid with a new toy and Zhao Hai the understanding parent, for what reason?

[9]雪花神驹 – Xuěhuā shén jū. I hope this isn’t a thing, cause this name is horrible… Anyways, Snow + Flower = Snowflake. Divine/God/Celestial + colt/foal = whatever.

[10]Alrighty, so the original numbers for each wagon was 1000 jin, with jin being half a kilogram. As such, 1000 jin meant 500 kilograms. 500 kilograms was also half a tonne, so using some math, for the total we get 50,000 jin = 25,000 kilograms = 25 tonnes. Oh yea, it’s ‘metric ton’ for people in the US and maybe Canada. Anyways, 50,000 jin = 55,000 lbs.

[11]Author, please note that just saying a person fell in love is the weakest way to write a romance… us readers find her love so random that we didn’t even realize it until you stated it the fifth time.

[12]Well, he also straight up told this to you…

[13]In ancient China, the Emperor would hold sessions with his government in the front court while the harem would stay in the rear court. The Emperor was in charge of the front, the Empress in charge of the back. The harem would have to be kept under control of the Empress, else you get chaos and all that. Well, I’m just assuming this saying had ties to this concept. Don’t kill me for my flawed history please.

[14]I just give up on Author and his wish-fulfillment thoughts on love.

[15]I think the author forgot that a good portion of that time was spent with Adam the dandy. Did that phase have 0 effect on her feelings??? Or did author just not realize it was a big part? It wasn’t even a slow progression from her dislike of Adam to love of Zhao Hai… OH! I remember! Zhao Hai threw her into his brainwashing Space and then she suddenly fell for him. If you don’t believe me, go back and check!! Damn brainwashing Space…





Chapter 231: Unyielding


Although the blood-colored Eagle Virtuous Phantasms couldn’t talk, they could still understand Zhao Hai’s words. As such, it took Zhao Hai a few days to teach them simple ways to pass him information like changing their posture in flight and through the sounds they made.

As if following a flight ratio, executing several spins in the air would tell the number of people while with a few cries it would report the number of cavalrymen, and so on. In the end, these blood-colored Eagle Virtuous Phantasms could now act as the simplest of airborne scouts.

Zhao Hai carefully watched the blood-colored eagle until it flew away, then turned to Laura and said, “The eastern area has a situation. There’s a thousand cavalrymen approaching us, and they aren’t beastfolk.”

Laura gawked and her complexion changed as she said, “I understand that the Benniu Guards would leave the walls of Ironwall Fortress every two weeks to patrol the area. It seems we were unfortunate to have crossed them today.”

Zhao Hai wrinkled his brow and asked, “Then what should we do? Should we go back into the Space and hide?”

Laura shook her head. “We shouldn’t do that. We can just give them some money and let them go. After all, everyone is aware that the beastfolk buy food here. Moreover, the Purcell Duchy also hopes that everybody can go and sell food to the beastfolk. For the beastfolk, as long as they have food and drink, they wouldn’t move. The main purpose of the cavalry patrol is to check whether or not some beastfolk tribes had ventured here[1].”

Zhao Hai nodded. “Since you have experience on these sorts of things, how much do you think we should pay in order to cross the border successfully?”

Laura smiled faintly. “For this, I fear we will need a thousand gold coins. Moreover, I can’t just go there and pay it myself. It’s better for Grandpa Green to do it. After all, he’s a Rank Eight expert so those knights wouldn’t make it too difficult for him. If I go and they see that I’m a woman, then they will make it difficult for me.”

Zhao Hai’s complexion changed. “How come? Do they dare be so rude?”

Laura forced a smile and said, “Don’t forget, if they really want to be impolite to us, then they could just kill us all. Like that, they could just explain that we were killed by beastfolk. This place isn’t that deep into the Beastfolk Prairie, nor is it a part of Ironwall Fortress. Those elite Benniu Guards could easily become robbers here.”

Zhao Hai sighed. “Does Grand Duke Evan not have any control over this?”

Laura smiled. “Control? How could he control them? The soldiers here in Ironwall Fortress must maintain their wildness since they’re situated on the border adjacent to the Beastfolk Prairie. This is a place lacking in commodities. Adding in the fact that they’ve been here for a number of years, their hearts are probably low and would need a way to vent. Therefore, even if they see it, this matter has become something that those in power would turn a blind eye towards. As I was saying, a merchant wanting to do business here in the Beastfolk Prairie would, to put it bluntly, smuggle as they are supporting the enemy. This is illegal, so even if the soldiers killed them no one would say anything[2].”

Zhao Hai nodded and he shifted into the Space. He then went to Fort Iron Mountain and called for Green and explained the matter to him.

He then took an ordinary pouch and placed a thousand gold coins in it and gave it to Green. Then he appeared with Green on the carriage.

Zhao Hai released a wind-chasing horse and let Green ride it, but the caravan didn’t stop and continued on. He knew they couldn’t move faster than those elite Benniu Guards. This place was too open and those elite Benniu Guards[3] weren’t that far. Soon they would be approaching them.

Sure enough, in less than an hour, a light rumbling sound could be heard approaching from the east. Experienced soldiers would know that this was a brigade of cavalrymen in action. Zhao Hai and the others turned their heads to take a look and saw a team of a thousand cavalrymen coming in from the eastern area at a fast pace.

Zhao Hai’s caravan immediately stopped. They didn’t, however, move normally like a caravan should and into a circle formation as it was irrelevant.

Laura and the other two ladies didn’t come out. Those three were rare beauties. If they came out, then it would attract the attention of those cavalrymen and cause trouble[4].

Zhao Hai had heard of a few stories from Earth. When the soldiers in the army were serving for three years and suddenly saw Diaochan[5], they would compete to get her. Those cavalrymen may have been stationed there for longer than three years. If they saw Laura and the other two ladies, then while their might couldn’t add up to Diaochan, whether it would be enough to hinder their trip to the Beastfolk Prairie was hard to say[6].

Leaving the carriage, Zhao Hai moved slowly to the front of the caravan and silently stood there. He wore the black magician robe and held his Ghost Cane in order to bluff the cavalry.

Green stood at the side of the carriage. He didn’t put on his full body armor and instead wore simple warrior’s clothing. No mask adorned his face, and his hair was combed neatly. With his Spiritwind Sword at his waist, he looked like the typical expert warrior.

Zhao Hai wanted this kind of imposing manner since it would be impossible for Ironwall Fortress to know of Green[7]. His imposing manner would make it so that those who didn’t know of their bottom line wouldn’t act too unreasonably towards them, else they would battle. Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid of these cavalrymen, but he didn’t wish to come into conflict with them. No matter what, Evan had still been good to them[8].

Soon the team of cavalry arrived before Zhao Hai. They were about a hundred meters away from them and didn’t attack, rather, they stopped and were sizing up Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai also watched these people. They sat astride the Rank Three magic beast, flaming horse. These flaming horses wore heavy armor and those atop them wore heavy cavalrymen equipment. The helmet on their head had two bull horns and an iron mask covering the helmet which wasn’t put down.

Although those cavalrymen had traveled for a long time, no matter if it were the men or the horses, neither looked tired. While their full body armor didn’t look neat and there were even some parts that were damaged, it didn’t affect their imposing manner.

The bodies of those soldier gave off an imposing atmosphere with a great deal of pressure. Zhao Hai felt the murderous air around them and knew that it was the killing intent released by soldiers that had experienced many life and death battles.

Leading the cavalry was a bearded man with a massive body. His face had a scar that made him hideous to look at, and he stared coldly at Zhao Hai and company.

Zhao Hai didn’t say anything and instead waved a hand at Green. Saluting, Green rode his horse towards the team of cavalrymen. At around twenty meters from the cavalry, Green saluted them and said, “Everybody, military gentlemen, please. My clan knows that everyone has put in a great deal of patriotic labor. This little one offers a meager gift and invites you to laugh.”

After he said those words, he took out the pouch filled with a thousand gold coins and shook it.

Green didn’t do this to insult them. Since the patrol group had experienced this a lot, once they saw the pouch was shook and heard the sound it made, they knew it was filled with either gold or silver coins. So long as they got their hand on that pouch, they would be able to know how much was inside of it. As such, Green gently shook the pouch to let them know it contained gold coins.

The cavalry captain heard the sound and obviously knew the pouch contained gold coins. His eyes became more enthusiastic. Looking at Green, he said, “Oh, so your master understands the rules. A routine check still needs to be done, however.”

Green’s expression changed. He’d heard what Laura said. So long as they paid them some money, then the cavalry wouldn’t inspect them. Yet why were they now checking? Were they trying to find some kind of fault? As he thought of these matters, Green couldn’t help but change his expression into a cold one.

Straightening his body and with eyes shining brightly, he looked at the cavalry captain and said, “Oh, so the military captain will do such a thing. This is probably irregular, right?”

Green’s voice wasn’t loud, but those cavalrymen still heard it clearly. With the addition of Green’s imposing manner, his words and his changed expression had turned him from an ordinary man to a person with the aura of a Rank Eight expert that exuded a powerful momentum. This made the cavalry captain’s complexion change.

The cavalry captain was still a Rank Six knight. Since he hadn’t felt Green’s strength earlier, he’d tried to speak that way and test them. Unexpectedly, they’d found that Green was a Rank Eight expert. Moreover, he wasn’t an ordinary one. Green exuded a thick militaristic aura that made the cavalry captain understand that the opposite party wasn’t affable. This was a group one couldn’t annoy.

He immediately said, “Haha, I’m just cracking a joke with you, sir. Since sir knows the rules, then naturally sir can pass.”

As Green heard the cavalry commander, his imposing manner vanished instantly. He showed a faint smile to the cavalry captain and said, “I shall thank the military captain.”

After saying those words he bent at the waist and placed the pouch on the ground. He then turned his horse around and returned to Zhao Hai’s carriage.

Zhao Hai waited for Green to arrive by the carriage before waving his hand. The carriage then began to slowly make its way towards the depths of the Beastfolk Prairie. The cavalry captain didn’t move to pick up the pouch immediately and was instead looking thoughtfully at the carriage.

A cavalryman riding beside the cavalry captain asked, “Captain, what just happened?”

When he recovered, the cavalry captain looked at the knight and said, “Nothing, I just remembered something. Some time ago, news had spread from Casa City. During the crisis, our Purcell clan had been helped by a black magician. That black magician had a Rank Eight warrior following him, right?”

The cavalry captain was also a clan member of the Purcell clan, so he’d said ‘our Purcell clan’. After hearing what the cavalry captain had said, the cavalryman gawked for a moment. “Captain, what do you mean? Was that magician in the caravan the one that had helped the Purcell clan resolve the crisis?”

Nodding, the cavalry captain said, “Rank Eight… well, don’t think about it too much. Go and pick up the money.”

The cavalryman complied immediately and clipped the horse’s side to move forward. He circled the pouch and then got off his horse to examine it. Once the pouch was in his hand, he returned to the cavalry captain’s side and reported, “Captain, it should be a thousand gold coins[9].”

He nodded and turned around, then shouted loudly, “Brothers, this trip wasn’t in vain. When we go back we’ll take the day off and everyone can go have some fun.”

The cavalrymen cheered loudly. Clipping the horse’s side, the cavalry captain moved forward and everyone followed behind.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]This isn’t really a reason for not hiding…

[2]So, again, what was the reason for them not hiding in the Space? You explain it in a way that shows that the better idea was the hiding one, yet you stay for what?

[3]The use of elite is getting tiring. Let’s just call them robbers and be done with it.

[4]Trouble that could have been avoided by, I don’t know, hiding in the space.

[5]No actual idea about if this was real. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diaochan

[6]Again makes me question why any country would have a standing army of such disposition. It’s basically asking for someone corrupt to come and use them for a coup or something.

[7]Again, no evidence for this statement. Green was a person who fought the beastfolk, no? How would he not have relations with Ironwall Fortress???

[8]Urgh, don’t throw the Evan card. If you didn’t want anything to happen, you would have hid in the Space. And if these guys are crap human beings, then you’d really be doing Evan a favor in the long run… come on…

[9]Question, I’ve been wondering for a bit, but how heavy and large is a gold coin? Just a thousand pennies seems a bit heavy, nevermind gold coins from this medieval-esque era…





Chapter 232: Star Grass[1]


It wasn’t until the shadow of the cavalry was gone that Laura and the other two walked out of the carriage. They had observed the cavalry, so Laura turned to Green and said, “Grandpa Green, if not for your unyielding attitude, I fear those fellows wouldn’t have let us off so easily. That was really risky.”

Green smiled faintly. “It’s alright. I’ve seen many such situations before. They were just acting, so it wasn’t anything much.”

Laura smiled. “Upon entering the Beastfolk Prairie, such situations will be frequently encountered. The beastfolk themselves, on the other hand, would only take food if they wished to rob. This is the unwritten rule of the Beastfolk Prairie. They still hope that people would bring food there in the future. Moreover, in the eyes of the beastfolk, Terrans look almost identical. With this, Grandpa Green won’t have to worry if anything does happen and can stay in the Black Waste.”

Green smiled and said, “There’s nothing much to do in the Black Waste at this time. Presently, everything that needs to be prepared for the winter has already been prepared. Furthermore, there’s Quinn John there so I have nothing to do. I’ll go with you for now. If there are any issues, I’ll go forth and move to solve it.”

Laura laughed. “Alright. The scenery here isn’t much. It’s not as good as the Space’s and somewhat boring.”

Green chuckled. “The grass inside the Space is taller than the ones here. Certainly, it’s a lot more attractive in there than here, but it also looks too rigid. On the other hand, the Beastfolk Prairie will have changes along the way.”

Laura grinned. As Green had said, in the Space, no matter if it was the farm or the ranch, there wouldn’t be much difference. Everything there was digitized. The grass would be as short in length as everything else and even the few leaves would look the exact same. There really weren’t any changes.

Just then, Green suddenly saw some bushes with a cluster of florets. He couldn’t help but gawk at them, then smiled as he hit his horse into a gallop. Jumping from his horse, he took out his Spiritwind Sword and dug out several clusters of florets from their roots.

Watching Green’s actions, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be surprised. A moment later, he understood what Green intended. Sure enough, after Green removed the florets from the soil and returned to the carriage, he gave them to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, this is one of the most common type of flowers in the Beastfolk Prairie—Star Grass[2]. This Star Grass is unique to the Beastfolk Prairie and is a common hemostatic medicinal herb. Ordinary beastfolk would pick this grass and dry them, then use it on injuries to stop the bleeding. It’s a very effective herb.”

Zhao Hai looked at the clusters of florets in his hands. The entire plant was only about thirty centimeters in length and didn’t seem too extraordinary. Flowers bloomed on top of the grass[3]and the flower had a total of five petals that spread to resemble a small star.

Zhao Hai shifted his hands and placed the flowers in the Space. The Space immediately prompted in a tone:

[Discovered new plant.

Identifying plant. Plant is a herbal, hemostatic plant.

Plant has hemostatic abilities and strong vitality.

Evaluating level. Plant is Level 5.

The plant is seasonal and has a maturity time of ten hours.

Digitizing plant. Plant can now be purchased from the Spatial Shop.]

Zhao Hai nodded. Turning, he saw that Laura and the others had their eyes on him. He couldn’t help but frown as he said, “It’s nothing. The Space evaluated the plant as Level 5 and it has a ten hour maturity time.”

While Green and the others felt some regret, they didn’t really expect much. If such a common type of grass could upgrade the level of the Space, then the Space wouldn’t just be Level 20 right now.

Laura’s eyes shone brightly as she looked around as if in search of something. Zhao Hai gave a faint smile. This was the first time Laura had encountered such a situation, so she felt very curious and went ahead. Nier was also curious. She, however, wasn’t very curious about the plants, but rather, with the magic beasts.

Compared to Laura, Meg was much calmer. She’d already experienced the Space leveling up. If it didn’t upgrade this time, then there wasn’t anything to be happy about.

This was, however, a good start. These plants would slowly build up the experience needed after being assessed by the Space. Since they had just entered the Beastfolk Prairie and already found a plant, it could be considered a good start.

Green watched Laura and smiled as he said, “In fact, there are a lot of plants in the Beastfolk Prairie. Unfortunately, we aren’t beastfolk so we won’t be able to notice them easily. I heard that in the Beastfolk Prairie, the grass itself is divided into different types. There is grass that the cattle could feed on, grass that the sheep could eat, and grass that the horses could eat. Haha. When we speak about our understanding of the prairies, we can’t be compared to those beastfolk.”

Laura smiled. “That’s natural. The beastfolk have been living here for generations, and the Beastfolk Prairie is their home. They would naturally understand it better, but so long as we can buy a beastfolk slave this problem can be solved.”

Green nodded in approval of what Laura said. One could say that the group with the deepest understanding of the prairie wouldn’t be a member of a war tribe, but instead a slave.

The slaves of the prairies weren’t like Terran slaves that had been marked as such. Slaves in the prairie were instead just a sub ethnic race. The beastfolk could easily recognize a slave, so they didn’t need to be marked.

Furthermore, slaves in the prairie had a lot more freedom than the Terran slaves, and they were more dependent on some war tribes for survival. In this place, they would herd and work for the war tribes. Due to this, the slaves’ understanding of the prairie was quite high. They knew which grass would be good, where good water could be found, and where magic beasts roamed.

Slaves had their own reason for existing. With regards to the beastfolk, magic beasts encompassed everything. No matter how formidable a beastfolk war tribe was, it would still be weighed by how many magic beasts they had. Magic beasts, however, were trained and raised by the slaves. So long as the slaves raised the magic beasts well, the beastfolk would reward them in turn. With this, the slaves worked very hard.

Due of this, as long as Zhao Hai bought some beastfolk slaves, they would gain a better understanding of the flora within the prairie. In fact, many beastfolk didn’t realize how important this knowledge was. Although the beastfolk did have their own writing system, they didn’t have any record of these aspects.

Here in the Beastfolk Prairie, most of the ethnic races didn’t have their own slave tribe due to their low battle strength. If they had many slaves, then they would just be snatched by those war tribes. If wouldn’t do them any good as it would just lead to a slaughter. This was a common occurrence in the prairie.

There were many ethnic races that, because of their massive properties and inability to protect them, were eliminated by the war tribes. Afterwards, they would just be converted to slave tribes. This was the law of survival here in the prairie.

Green nodded and said, “Buying slaves is a must. But don’t worry about it too much. We must move slowly. First, we will need to take a look at the situation here in the Beastfolk Prairie.”

Laura nodded, smiled, and said, “I understand this since Artest had reported much of this to me before. Unfortunately, the information collected isn’t very comprehensive, so our understanding is still limited.”

Green nodded and looked around. He didn’t see any traces of a tribe, so he turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, we must move a little bit faster. The cavalry soldiers from Ironwall Fortress appear and disappear in this area frequently, so the beastfolk don’t come around here. We need to find a beastfolk tribe as soon as possible. Seeking shelter for the night with them would be best.”

Zhao Hai nodded. “That’s fine. If we meet a tribe, we can also do some transactions with them. Haha, I want to see what kind of beastfolk we encounter.”

Laura also smiled. Beastfolk rarely went into Terran settlements, so the local people living in some small areas wouldn’t be able to see a beastfolk in all of their lives.

Since they needed to hurry, they raised their speed slightly. Unfortunately, they didn’t manage to encounter anyone this day. This was normal, however, as the Beastfolk Prairie was very large. In addition, they were in the buffer zone between the Terrans and the beastfolk. This place would be sparsely populated.

Evening came and they still didn’t encounter any beastfolk. They went back inside the Space and passed the night there.

Night passed without any discussion.

Next morning, Zhao Hai and the others continued to venture deeper into the Beastfolk Prairie. Zhao Hai wanted to take it easy so they moved slowly. On the way, they were observing the surroundings and also gathering and digging up many types of grasses and flowers and placed them in the Space. Unfortunately, most of the plants they encountered were common. Although some were collected by the Space, they didn’t give much experience. Since the Space was now Level 20, upgrading became difficult.

Zhao Hai, however, didn’t give up. He understood the reality of the matter and could only do things slowly. Worrying about it would be useless.

To truly understand, just the Carrion Swamp itself had a wider variety of plants when compared to the Beastfolk Prairie. The Carrion Swamp, however, was dangerous. If he let Zhao Wen and Cai-er jointly search it and the Rank Nine experts of the Carrion Swamp knew of this, they wouldn’t be friendly[4]. Right now, Zhao Hai was focusing on the Beastfolk Prairie instead.

During noon that day, Zhao Hai was called by a blood-colored eagle. Zhao Hai looked up and saw the blood-colored eagle circling in the air, giving out cries from time to time.

Zhao Hai watched for a while, then turned to Laura and said, “Not far ahead of us is a small tribe with a few hundred people. We’ll arrive there by evening and rest.”

Laura didn’t oppose, instead nodding as she said, “Alright then, but we must be careful. The beastfolk might turn out to be robbers. As I see it, we should call out a few more undead so that the beastfolk wouldn’t act too unreasonably.”

Smiling, Zhao Hai said, “No, don’t forget that I’m currently a magician. I believe the beastfolk wouldn’t so casually annoy us, so be at ease.”

As they spoke, their speed increased. Three hours later, Zhao Hai stood atop his carriage. He saw a flag fluttering a bit away and knew that this was the place.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]星星草 – Xīngxīng cǎo. Dunno why author uses double ‘star’ character. Reinforcement?

[2]Yea, author calls the thing a flower in this sentence, 花, but names it grass, 草. Also, in the earlier paragraph, Green is cutting down florets, 小花, basically little flowers.

[3]Still unsure if it’s a flower or a grass… I’m not a botanist.

[4]Weird seeing as how Zhao Wen is one of the more average strong members and Cai’er is the effective ruler… which Rank Nine would really care if they just picked a few plants?





Chapter 233: Big Bellied Pig-headed People


Multicolored flag, a sign of a beastfolk tribe. Any beastfolk tribe, regardless of whether they were great or small, would always hang up the multicolored flag of their tribe.

These multicolored flags, with regards to the beastfolk, meant stability, auspicious luck, and good fortune. Multicolored flags, in the eyes of the beastfolk, were rainbows.

Rainbows appeared after the rain, and rain was very important to the beastfolk. Rain could make rivers larger, so there would be more available water. Rain could make the prairie more lush, allowing their magic beasts to become stouter and stronger, increasing their wealth. As such, all beastfolk tribes hung a multicolored flag.

In the prairie, so long as someone sees a multicolored flag, they would know there was a tribe nearby. This was common knowledge in the prairie. Zhao Hai had read this miscellaneous information somewhere, which was how he knew of it.

Zhao Hai breathed out, sat down hastily, and turned to Laura and the others in the carriage and said, “I saw a multicolored flag.”

Laura understood clearly what Zhao Hai’s meant. She immediately left the carriage to check and see what Zhao Hai was looking at. A colorful multicolored flag appeared in her line of sight.

Laura breathed in. “Finally, we’ve found a beastfolk tribe. Alright, we may be able to drink milk wine tonight and eat roasted argali[1].”

Zhao Hai chuckled. To be honest, in this vast steppe they hadn’t thought they wouldn’t be able to find any inhabitants after searching for a full day. Now that they suddenly found a multicolored flag, it startled their hearts. It was like when people living in darkness suddenly saw a glimmer of light.

Before long, Zhao Hai and the others saw a tent. The tent exuded a lively feeling and a flag was set atop that tent. Painted on the flag was an adorable little pig.

Zhao Hai blinked his eyes to make sure he didn’t see it wrong. It really was an adorably little piggy on the flag. Turning to Laura, puzzled, he asked, “Laura, what tribe is this?”

Laura also saw the image of the little pig on the flag above the tent. She couldn’t help but smile as she said, “Do you see the little pig on the flag? The belly of the pig is a bit large, right? This beastfolk tribe is a branch of the beastfolk’s Pig ethnic race, the Big Bellied Pig tribe. They aren’t especially tall, only about two meters in height. Among the beastfolk, they are really small, but their bellies are really big and permanently exposed. Don’t underestimate their big bellies as it’s their most tenacious part.

“This tribe is part of an ethnic race whose combat abilities aren’t very strong, but they have a unique ability; the water they drink can be stored in their bellies. They could then use that water to spurt out a stream and use it as an arrow to attack others. The water they spurt out can generally reach thirty meters, and its strength is equal to a Terran’s brutal arrow[2]. With this unique ability, they haven’t become a slave tribe.”

Zhao Hai was very curious about this. He felt that this world was very large. Such a wonder could appear in a race was truly too interesting.

Turning to Laura, Zhao Hai said, “Then what about the tribe’s character? Will they suddenly turn into robbers?”

Laura shook her head and smiled. “Their disposition is affable. They belong to the Fragrant Pig ethnic race. So long as you don’t bully them, they won’t try to snatch your things. They are a very hospitable race and mainly herd argali to live.”

Zhao Hai knew that an argali was a Rank One magic beast and one of the many Rank One magic beasts the beastfolk raised. Argali skin could be used for clothing, its wool for blankets, the meat for consumption, and the bones for weapons. One could say that the life of the beastfolk couldn’t be separated from the argali.

For the Terrans, it was rare to see people raising argali. This was mainly due to the fact that the argali had adapted to living in the prairies. If they were to be raised in Terran territories, then they would become sick. As such, for the beastfolk the argali seemed like the greatest blessing of the Beast God.

Zhao Hai nodded. “That’s good then. We’ll rest here for today. If they need, we’ll also sell them food. Right, how does transactions work with the beastfolk?”

Laura smiled. “It isn’t difficult. So long as we pull out food, they’ll take the initiative and come to us. Generally, however, they would trade with magic beasts and won’t directly use money for transactions. Only those large war tribes can use money in transactions. Therefore, we’ll also need to trade in our magic beasts and turn it into money.”

Zhao Hai asked, “How much bamboo rice will we need to trade for an argali?”

Laura smiled, “Half a tonne[3].”

“Half a tonne? Are you cracking a joke?” Zhao Hai was surprised by what he heard. What Laura had stated the price was made him startled.

The reason for Zhao Hai’s surprise was that an individual mature argali could grow up to 1.5 meters and weighed around 400 kilograms. Even if they were carried on the back of an argali, it wouldn’t be a problem for them. Moreover, an argali could produce 100 kilograms of wool. If they were to transport it back to the Purcell Duchy, an argali would be priced at around 15 gold coins even if they didn’t raise it and just brought its corpse. For half a tonne of bamboo rice, however, it would honestly be sold of just a gold coin. This was fifteen times the profit. Wasn’t this a bit too high?

Laura understood Zhao Hai’s surprise. She smiled faintly and said, “It sounds quite high, but not as high as you think it is. You must remember that transporting commodities into the Beastfolk Prairie is done through smuggling. The process of smuggling means to bribe the military at the checkpoints and do this whenever you pass a checkpoint, which isn’t a small amount to be spending..

“Also, it’s easy to get robbed here in the Beastfolk Prairie. Transporting half a ton of bamboo rice into the prairie would cost about 3 gold coins. To transport the argali back would increase your income, but on the continent an argali costs 8 gold coins. This doesn’t include the chances of being robbed. You have to remember that merchants here in the Beastfolk Prairie usually cooperate with a large war tribe. If not, then they’d get robbed. With an estimate, an ordinary merchant would be robbed three or four out of ten times. Even without this, the profit they would make from argalis would only be around 4 to 5 gold coins. This is already very good.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He understood her points. Since the costs were high, the price would naturally go up. If the cost was too low, then people wouldn’t do this kind of business. In the end, the one who would suffer the most wouldn’t be the Terrans, but the beastfolk. They wouldn’t do well if this happened.[4]

Zhao Hai turned to Laura and asked, “How much do you think we should pay if we trade with them?”

Laura smiled faintly and said, “One tonne per argali.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He didn’t have to worry about the high costs that the other merchants experienced as he was producing the bamboo rice inside the Space. Furthermore, he could also place the argali within the Spatial Ranch or just store them inside the Spatial Warehouse. He didn’t need to arrange anything or bribe anyone. With this, he almost didn’t have any extra costs to pay. One tonne of bamboo rice per argali would still mean he’d earn money. Moreover, one tonne of bamboo rice in the Beastfolk Prairie wouldn’t have much of an impact on the prices since it was still a reasonable rate.

Nier and Meg stood back and listened to the two as they discussed. Meg didn’t feel bad about this so long as she could take care of Zhao Hai. The business matters from before were all done by Zhao Hai anyway. As such, she didn’t feel any jealousy.

For bystanders, she and Laura would be considered rivals. Meg’s view of this, however, wasn’t like that. She didn’t want to fight Laura over anything. Meg only wanted to be by Zhao Hai’s side. In addition, Laura’s strong point in business was an innate talent that Meg couldn’t compare with.

Meg had already resolved her issues about this long ago. Therefore, she wouldn’t be jealous of Laura. If Laura was competent, then she would be happy. After all, Laura now represented the Buda clan. If she were competent, then the Buda clan would become stronger. This was what Meg desired.

They chatted as they walked. Before long, they arrived before the tent. As soon as the people in the tent found them, twenty shadows rushed towards them. A dog accompanied each of the shadows.

As the shadows drew closer to Zhao Hai, it became noticeable that the twenty individuals were cavalry soldiers. What made Zhao Hai smile was the fact that their mounts were unexpectedly pigs.

Yep, these were pigs. With a body around two meters long and a weight of over half a tonne, those pigs had two long buck teeth growing in their mouths. Then the riders riding the pigs made Zhao Hai think of a man, Zhu Bajie[5].

They really did look too similar. Like Zhu Bajie, they wore prairie clothing; the individuals had fur hats on their heads and were dressed in leather clothes. They had large pig heads atop a rough, thick neck and their snow-white bellies were exposed to the outside. One could see a layer of black hair on their bellies. So long as they put on a robe and held a rake, they would look just like Zhu Bajie. They didn’t even need to wear makeup.

Zhao Hai wanted to smile, but then he thought it wouldn’t be polite. If he ridiculed the beastfolk and caused a conflict, it wouldn’t be nice to look at. He refrained from it and slowly calmed his mood.

Alongside those big bellied, pig-headed riders were several dogs. Those dogs were very special as they were about a meter tall and had long hair. They ran really fast and didn’t bark randomly. With two fangs exposed over their lip, they didn’t look like something one should mess with.

Zhao Hai and the others stopped immediately. They assumed a calm and friendly appearance. Sure enough, those pig riders slowed down. Zhao Hai now found out that the weapons of those pig riders could only be described as simple. It was a big sheep’s head fitted onto a wooden handle. And some of the weapons didn’t even use wood, but animal bones.

Zhao Hai, however, didn’t dare to underestimate this type of weapon as a sheep’s head was very large and looked very heavy. If one got pounded by such a thing, then it would definitely break one’s bones and crush one’s tendons.

Right now, the Big Bellied Pig tribe people stopped 50 meters in front of them. Both sides halted, but those riders let their dogs move about and surround the sides of Zhao Hai and the others. The dogs were staring at them, a warning hum sounding from deep within their throats.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]盘羊 – Pán yáng. Argali… basically a mountain sheep. Simple google works.

[2]I don’t know how this works. The power of an arrow but less range? Maybe cause it’s made of water?

[3]Again, 1000 jin = 500 kilograms or half a tonne. Half a metric ton for whoever. About 1100 lbs.

[4]I barely understand this marketing. The wording is either off, or the author used weird characters. Just because it’s expensive to do something, doesn’t mean people would accept the equivalent high price. And if the costs were low, how would no one participate in the business? This is like backwards economics. Are they masochistic businessmen who just like to put their hands in high cost problems?

[5]猪八戒 – Zhūbājiè. A character from Journey to the West. Also called Pigsy or Pig. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zhu_Bajie





Chapter 234: Precious Gift


Laura quickly left the carriage after she saw the few Big Bellied Pig tribesmen and hastily greeted them, “Fellow Pig tribe friends, we are a Terran merchant clan. We are not malicious people, so please let your faithful dogs return to the sides of their masters.”

The Big Bellied Pig tribesmen saw Laura standing beside the caravan. One Pig tribesman who seemed to be the leader quickly placed his sheep skull hammer down and returned Laura’s greeting, “Dear Terran businesswoman, please forgive our rudeness. As you may know, here in the prairie I must ensure the safety of my tribesmen.”

After he said those words, he shouted twice and had the faithful dogs return to their side.

Laura was currently out of the carriage when a few Pig tribesmen jumped off their mounts and walked towards Laura. When the distance between the two sides had decreased to a few meters apart, Laura formally greeted the Pig tribesmen and said, “Taoyuan Business Association[1] Chairwoman, Laura, has seen the brave warriors of the Pig tribe.”

The Pig tribesman was very polite as he bowed towards Laura, saying, “Big Bellied Pig tribe, Sheep-Head Hammer horde[2] chief, Spear[3], has seen the beautiful lady Laura.”

Spear’s body was around 2 meters tall, which made the 1.8 meter tall Laura in front of him look like a child. He was, however, very polite, and Zhao Hai’s impression of him became subconsciously more favorable.

Laura smiled. “Honorable chief Spear, me and my caravan wishes to stay the night at your camp. I wonder if you will allow us?”

“Haha,” Spear laughed. “Beautiful lady Laura, this matter is something we also wish for with earnesty. Please, everyone in the carriage, come along with us to our camp. I will kill a good argali and will make some milk tea and milk wine. We will entertain you with the best food we have.”

Laura smiled and said, “Thank you, generous chief Spear. Chief, please go first.”

Spear saluted Laura and turned his mount around to hurry back towards the camp. Laura and the others, however, returned to their carriage.

Zhao Hai watched the distant Pig tribesmen before turning to Laura. “Will they really kill an argali and wait for us?”

Laura smiled. “They will. The beastfolk here in the prairies welcome us merchants warmly. So long as one doesn’t have any ill intent, they will be very hospitable. Brother Hai, take out some vegetables. With regards to them, there is no better gift than vegetables.”

Zhao Hai nodded and took out some vegetables to place them on the carriages. The vegetables came from the Space, so they were all as fresh as if they’d just been harvested.

After making the preparations, Laura and the caravan moved slowly towards the Sheep-Head Hammer horde. With regards to the Sheep-Head Hammer horde’s strange name, Laura wasn’t that surprised. Within the Beastfolk Prairie, there were many such strange names. Don’t even speak about Sheep-Head Hammer, there was also a horde called Sheep-Dung. Laura didn’t feel this was that strange.

They didn’t need to wait very long before several argali came out of the horde’s campsite. These argali were ones they had grown themselves. On the backs of these argali sat Big Bellied Pig tribe children.

The children all looked over ten years old and wore leather clothing. With their big bellies and silly, small heads, they looked adorable.

The children ran up to Laura’s carriage. They looked curiously at Laura and Zhao Hai, who was wearing his magic robe. Then the tallest child went to the carriage and courteously said to Laura, “Honorable businesswoman, my father asked me to lead you.” Evidently, this was Spear’s child.

Laura smiled and immediately replied, “Adorable young warriors, please lead the way.”

Perhaps it was because Laura called them ‘young warriors’ that the little Pig children became happy. These children with small bellies walked happily in front of the carriage.

For the beastfolk, warriors were important. Once they were commended by the other party and were called a warrior, it would make them very happy. This was Laura’s first contact with the beastfolk, so she tried this with the children. It seemed that the idea was very effective.

Laura watched the children, then turned to Zhao Hai and said, “You can try to praise them as warriors, but no matter how cute they are you cannot touch their heads. If you do so, they will become angry. Also, when you are offered to drink wine by them, you cannot say no. It is considered impolite towards the host. Furthermore, if they give you a gift, then no matter what you must accept. Otherwise, the host will think you are looking down on him.”

Zhao Hai nodded. These were things that could be considered taboo among the beastfolk. As such, they must naturally remember this. They didn’t want any minor matter to suddenly turn into a big conflict with the beastfolk.

They soon arrived at the Sheep-Head Hammer horde camp. Spear stood waiting for them. Beside Spear were three Big Bellied Pig tribe young girls. Each of these girls carried a bowl of wine.

This was the first time Zhao Hai had seen a Pig tribe young girl. These Pig tribe young girls had a stature that wasn’t much different from Laura’s. Their bellies didn’t bulge, but their bodies were plump and they wore leather skirts. Although they did have the head of a pig, when compared to Spear it was smaller. They looked very cute, especially with their long hair. Their hair had some accessories in them, and although they had pig heads they didn’t look disgusting[4].

Laura took the lead as they left the carriage and stood in front of Spear. Spear smiled and said, “Beautiful young lady, please drink this wine as a symbol of friendship between you and our Sheep-Head Hammer horde.” After a wave of his hand, those three Pig tribe young girls immediately moved forward.

Laura didn’t dare be impolite and immediately received the bowl of wine from the young girl’s hand. She drank a mouthful and then spilled some wine on the ground. This was one of the beastfolk’s special accommodations for women. A woman must drink some of the wine from the bowl, then raise the bowl and sprinkle it on the ground. On the other hand, a man must raise the bowl of wine and drink it all.

After drinking from three bowls of wine, Laura’s face appeared ruddy. This, to Zhao Hai, made her appear gorgeous. Spear and the other Pig tribesmen didn’t understand how to appreciate such a sight, however. In their eyes, all Terran women looked the same. Although Spear had called Laura a beautiful lady, it was just a form of courtesy.

The beastfolk proposed a toast to those who deserved respect and could lead. Others wouldn’t have such an accommodation. Therefore, Zhao Hai didn’t drink the wine Spear had.

After drinking, Laura turned to Spear and said, “Honorable chief, please allow my servants to establish tents. Also, please do not prepare so much food as my servants are all undead. They don’t need to eat anything.”

Spear gawked and examined the zombies standing next to the carriage. Soon he found that these zombies were quite different. He didn’t care much, however, as he nodded and said, “Alright then. Beautiful young lady, please.”

Laura turned and looked at Zhao Hai, who then nodded and waved his hand. Immediately after, those undead began to construct their own camp. They made the camp close to the Sheep-Head Hammer horde camp. The undead Zhao Hai had brought were the ones that had originally been led by Alodia. Alodia himself was also among the undead. When they had killed some, most of them were ordinary caravan coachmen and servants. They weren’t unfamiliar with building a camp, so under Zhao Hai’s order they made good time.

Spear saw Zhao Hai wave his hand. To be honest, Spear didn’t have a favorable first impression of Zhao Hai. Since Zhao Hai wore a black magic robe, he felt that Zhao Hai exuded a gloomy aura which made Zhao Hai disagreeable[5].

At this time, several undead brought forward a few piles of fresh vegetables. Laura smiled at Spear and said, “Honorable chief, please accept my small gift.”

The vegetables were fresh. Moreover, there was a wide variety of them that filled the baskets. They appeared supple and tender, and Spear’s eyes shone. With regards to the beastfolk, such green goods were rare good items.

Spear wasn’t polite as he smiled and said to Laura, “Thank you, beautiful and generous young lady. These vegetables, to us, is really expensive. Please, come to my tent. My wife made fragrant milk tea.”

Laura wasn’t polite as she walked towards the largest tent in the middle of the camp with Spear. The vegetables, on the other hand, had been received by Spear. Zhao Hai wanted to laugh. Those vegetables were just ordinary vegetables and weren’t worth much.

He knew that the beastfolk lived in a prairie, so adding in the fact that only grassland occupied the land, they were unable to plant any vegetables. As such, the vegetables were mostly brought by Terran merchants. Since they can’t preserve them well, they wouldn’t be able to see vegetables all year round. Sometimes, if they were lucky, they’d be able to dig up some wild herbs in the prairie. As such, these produce became rare food for them.

Laura had given them a lot of vegetables. With regards to Spear, this was really precious. Therefore, his respect for Laura increased by a lot.

Spear led the group of people into a tent. Inside the tent were Pig tribe women wearing fur-lined robes as they moved around busily. When the two women saw Spear come in, they greeted the group hastily. Zhao Hai and the others also returned the greeting and carefully looked around the tent.

There was a pillar in the middle of the tent that supported the roof. The walls were made with animal skin and wool blankets that were surrounded by wood and animal bones to help maintain the warmth inside. The ground was covered with carpets. Near the center of the tent was a pit wherein a flame had been lit inside. On top of it was a copper pot that was being heated. The aroma of milk tea came out of the pot.

Spear asked his visitors to sit down. Each of the visitors was given a bowl of steaming hot milk tea. Zhao Hai and the others drank some and found that it was actually very fragrant. The tea didn’t seem to be the same type of tea Zhao Hai knew of, but was instead from a plant he didn’t know about. The taste wasn’t the same as tea leaves, but the milk tea was really delicious. There wasn’t any sort of fishy smell from it, so it seemed that something had been added to it. It had a slightly salty taste and a thick aroma. It was smooth and tasted great.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]The raws says 商会, which can also mean Chamber of Commerce, but a chamber of commerce really doesn’t match the context. A chamber of commerce is “a local association to promote and protect the interests of the business community in a particular place.” As such, I used the more literal definition, which is Business Association/Society/Union.

[2]As you may have noticed, we have so many levels of beastfolk that it gets confusing. For now, we’ll try and see if this way works: Beastfolk ‘Race’. Fragrant Pig ‘Ethnic Race’. Big Bellied Pig ‘Tribe’. And then Sheep-Head Hammer ‘Horde’.

[3]斯皮尔 – Sī pí’ěr. Yea, his name is Spear… though he uses a hammer…

[4]This was a scary description… Author needs to provide pics, else I can’t imagine them. I just keep thinking of Miss Piggy.

[5]Raw says 讨厌, which can range from hate/disgust to something more mellow like disagreeable… I decided not to make him super antagonistic…





Chapter 235: Together in the Tent While Sleeping


After traveling for a day, Laura and the others felt very tired. After drinking the bowl of hot milk tea, however, they all felt a lot better.

Spear examined the appearance of his visitors and it made him smile. The mouth of a pig was big, and his smile was even larger than his big mouth. Laura and the others couldn’t bear not to smile along.

After they placed their bowl down, Spear’s wife filled them up once more with milk tea. Spear then opened his mouth and said, “Beautiful young lady, how much food have you bought and what is the price?”

Beastfolk liked to talk directly, so Spear didn’t beat around the bush and directly asked Laura about the price. Just as Spear had noted, Laura brought along food. Food, to the beastfolk, was something they all needed.

Laura smiled and said, “Honorable chief, this time we have brought 25 tonnes of food in total, all bamboo rice. In return for your hospitality, I am willing to trade 1 tonne of food per argali.”

Spear looked at Laura with uncertainty. “You said 1 tonne of food will be traded per argali? Did you not speak incorrectly?”

This was the first time Spear had spoken to Laura without adding the few words, ‘beautiful young lady’ to his sentence. It revealed how shocked he was.

Laura smiled and said, “It is as chief Spear said. 1 tonne per argali. I have not spoken incorrectly, and you have not misunderstood.”

Spear became excited about this and stood up. He then held his chest seriously and courteously said to Laura, “Beautiful lady Laura, you are as generous as the beautiful Yaja river. Starting today, you are the Sheep-Head Hammer horde’s most honored guest.”

Laura smiled. “Honorable chief, we are now friends and friends shouldn’t be so polite with one another. Also, allow me to introduce him. This is my fiancé, Zhao Hai. He is a magician, and in fact this food had been produced in his territory. The price was also set by him.”

Zhao Hai was introduced this time around because Laura didn’t want to steal all the credit from him. Furthermore, she observed that Spear didn’t seem to have a good view of Zhao Hai. Laura didn’t want Zhao Hai to be left out, so she introduced him to Spear.

Sure enough, after Laura introduced him, Spear immediately held his chest[1] to Zhao Hai and courteously said, “Honorable sir magician, please forgive my rudeness from earlier.”

Zhao Hai returned his courtesy and said, “Chief Spear doesn’t need to be polite. I understand that my identity isn’t amiable, but I do hope I can be friends with you.”

As soon as Spear heard Zhao Hai’s words, he faced him straight on and said, “Honorable sir Zhao Hai, your mind is as broad as the prairie. Today, I will do my best to entertain you!”

Zhao Hai smiled agreeably as he said, “Then I won’t be polite. Please allow me to, however, give your adorable son a gift.” Having said that, he waved his hand and an iron shield appeared.

This iron shield wasn’t big and was only a round shield instead of a tower shield. Zhao Hai had bought it in the Purcell Duchy during the time when they were purchasing items. The craftsmanship could be considered ordinary, but in the iron-lacking prairies, it was an absolutely extraordinary gift.

Spear happily received the round shield and expressed his gratitude to Zhao Hai. He didn’t know how the shield appeared, however. Since they were a beastfolk tribe situated at the edge of the Beastfolk Prairie, their contact with Terrans wasn’t plentiful. With regards to them, a magician was a very mystical occupation. The prestige of a Terran magician was extremely exaggerated within the beastfolk. When Zhao Hai, this pseudo-magician, displayed his skill in front of Spear, there was no lasting issues from Spear.

By this time, the morning sky had already long fled, so Spear turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Zhao Hai, there’s a bonfire lit outside and the argali will be placed over it. Come out with me and enjoy the enthusiasm of the beastfolk.”

Zhao Hai took off his magic hat at this time. In any case, nobody knew him here. He smiled as he stood up and said, “Alright, Brother Spear. With regards to the beastfolk’s argali, I have been craving it for a long time now.”

The few people left the tent and looked outside. Sure enough, the land was lit up by the bonfire and a few argali had been placed inside the fire to roast, their juices dripping down. One pig-headed man was rotating the argali while another was paying attention to the fire. Some of the pig-headed women were carrying earthen jars filled with milk wine and sprinkling them around the bonfire.

Spear pulled along Zhao Hai and they sat beside the bonfire. They were immediately served two plates and a wine bowl each. The first plate was filled with a thin layer of salt while the other was empty. The wine bowls, on the other hand, were filled with wine.

When the Pig tribe people saw Spear coming out, they walked towards him. They took away the two’s empty plates and went over to the roasting area. Taking out a dagger, they cut away some sections of mutton. Afterward, they placed the meat on the plates and served them to Zhao Hai and Spear.

Spear’s wife also took out a dagger and placed it before Zhao Hai. Spear then smiled and said to Zhao Hai, “Brother Zhao Hai, this dagger is the one I like the most. Today, I will give it to you so that you can use it and have a taste of our beastfolk’s roasted argali.”

Zhao Hai looked at the dagger. It was shaped in a curve, resembling a sickle. The scabbard was made of sheep’s horn and had a beautiful pattern carved in it. It really did look like a work of art.

He gently drew out the dagger. Presently, the dagger emitted a cold light that shone brightly. It was obviously a rare, high quality item. Zhao Hai remembered what Laura told them earlier, that they shouldn’t decline when receiving gifts. Since that was so, Zhao Hai happily received the dagger and said, “Thank you, Brother Spear. I like this gift a lot.”

Spear laughed and patted Zhao Hai’s shoulder, almost forcing him to the ground. This made Spear laugh even louder, and even the other pig-headed tribesmen around them were laughing.

Zhao Hai was helpless since his body was really that bad. The beastfolk were also known to have great strength. Even if the Big Bellied Pig tribe wasn’t a war tribe, they were still a lot more powerful than common Terrans. As such, Zhao Hai couldn’t bear it.

Zhao Hai watched as the roasted mutton placed in front of Spear was cut into pieces by him with his dagger. Spear then moistened a piece with salt and placed it in his mouth.

Following Spear, Zhao Hai placed his hands on the roasted mutton and cut them. He then moistened the surface with salt and placed it in his mouth. The salted surfaced was melted in his mouth, giving off a salty taste as the mutton’s roasted fragrance passed by.

This roasted mutton, when compared to the roasted mutton of Terrans, had a completely different taste. The roasted mutton was very fragrant, and in this atmosphere, the taste had increased by three times. Zhao Hai currently thought that this was the best roasted meat he’d ever tasted.

After he swallowed the roast meat, Zhao Hai continued to ponder the taste and fragrance as it was very deep. Unlike the milk tea, though it was also fragrant, it didn’t really taste better. The mutton’s fragrance, however, actually managed to increase the taste of the roasted meat. This made it so that everyone wouldn’t be able to stop eating it[2].

While Zhao Hai was still pondering the taste of the meat, Spear lifted a bowl of wine and loudly said, “My people, let us pick up some mellow wine and welcome our friends from far, far away! Brother Zhao Hai, come, bottoms up!”

Everyone loudly shouted, “Bottoms up!” As they shouted those words, everyone lifted their own wine bowls and drank it all at once. Zhao Hai looked at this and understood that they had to drink the wine in one take.

Fortunately, the degree of alcohol in the milk wine wasn’t that high. Along with the aroma, the flavor itself was very good and it wasn’t difficult to drink. Zhao Hai didn’t make a fool out of himself during this scene.

After drinking that bowl of wine, Spear didn’t try to propose a toast again, but chatted with Zhao Hai. Every time he drank wine, he would call for Zhao Hai, who would then follow his lead. Before long, they had each drunk three bowls of wine and eaten two sections of roasted mutton.

To be honest, Zhao Hai’s appetite wasn’t very large. Today, however, he had a good appetite for some unknown reason. It may have been due to the roasted mutton being very fragrant, or the milk wine being too tasty. He ate two large sections of roasted mutton and, at present, he could unexpectedly still eat. This was beyond his expectations.

At this time, a Pig tribe young girl appeared and started to sing a unique beastfolk song. The tune was long and very nice to hear. Zhao Hai and the others couldn’t help but cheer up even more.

Bonfire roasting. Living in the prairie. This type of atmosphere was really good and it could make a person subconsciously excited. The atmosphere in the field grew even warmer.

In the end, Zhao Hai didn’t know how much milk wine he’d drunk or how much of the roast mutton he had. He didn’t even know how he got back to his tent, because he’d been knocked unconscious with all that he’d drunk.

Laura and the others didn’t drink too much. The beastfolk wouldn’t urge women to drink milk wine. If they could drink, then drink; if they couldn’t drink it, then they could take milk tea instead. As long as everyone eats and eats with relish, then the meal becomes joyous.

Zhao Hai had been sent off back to the tent by some Pig tribesmen since he’d gotten drunk and was knocked out. Laura and the others couldn’t return to the Space, so they had to live in the tent.

Since Zhao Hai and the others would be leaving tomorrow, they didn’t bother to set up multiple tents and only had the one built. Earlier, they only wanted to use it to pretend they were living in it, but now they had to actually stay there. The undead in the caravan wouldn’t get tired or feel cold, so they stood guard.

The next morning, Zhao Hai woke up. Although he was knocked out cold from the drinking yesterday, he had to admit that the milk wine of the beastfolk was really good. Above all that, Zhao Hai didn’t feel thirsty, nor did he have a headache. The only thing he had was some slight dizziness.

Feeling a little heat in his throat, Zhao Hai immediately drank some Spatial Water. This made him feel a lot better and sobered him up.

After sobering up, Zhao Hai found out that Laura and the others were all resting inside the tent. To his left was Laura, while Meg was on his right. Nier slept on the other side of Laura. He was unexpectedly in an unknown situation where he slept with three beauties.

Zhao Hai looked at the situation blankly and suddenly didn’t know how to act. He definitely couldn’t force himself on them, but the situation caused him some agitation.

Consider this; Zhao Hai was an otaku back on Earth[3]. Presently, he was sleeping in the same tent with three beautiful women. Although he didn’t do anything, with regards to Zhao Hai this was still a rare experience. Especially now that he could smell the fragrance they gave off, which made Zhao Hai’s heart shake.

When Zhao Hai looked at Laura’s tender white skin, it made his heart itch. He bent down to get a closer look, but Laura suddenly turned her body. Zhao Hai woke up and took a deep breath, then looked at Laura and Meg. He stood up softly and left the tent.

He didn’t notice as he left that Laura and Meg had opened their eyes. They both looked at the tent entrance, and then at each other. Both of them saw a happy light in the other’s eyes. It was obvious that the two of them had already been awake before Zhao Hai and had only been pretending to sleep[4].

They had naturally noted down Zhao Hai’s actions, so Laura had deliberately turned her body. Zhao Hai’s actions that was similar to a frightened rabbit made the two women almost laugh aloud.

The two of them, however, were touched by Zhao Hai’s actions. It showed that he respected them enough. It was a move full of love and respect.

In the case that Zhao Hai kissed Laura, then it not only meant that he loved Laura. On the contrary, this may mean that Zhao Hai’s desire for Laura exceeded his love.

With regards to love, every person expressed it differently. Everyone’s understanding of it wasn’t the same, but there was one thing that was still important; if you loved one another, then you must respect the other and don’t look down on them. If Zhao Hai had forcefully kissed Laura, then Laura might not have resisted, but she’d be disappointed in Zhao Hai[5]. That’s because she would think Zhao Hai didn’t understand her.

Laura was a very self-disciplined woman, so she hoped that her other half would also respect her. If Zhao Hai had kissed her, then while she wouldn’t resist, she also wouldn’t cooperate. Since Meg and Nier were also in the tent, if she kissed him back, then they might find her frivolous. This was unacceptable for the self-disciplined Laura.

If Zhao Hai truly loved her, then he wouldn’t forcefully kiss her. Doing so would mean Zhao Hai didn’t understand her disposition, and that he didn’t care about her feelings. Such a thing would make Laura sad.

It was obvious, however, that Laura’s worries were in vain[6]. Zhao Hai did well and didn’t force himself on Laura, instead leaving the tent. This was the result Laura wanted.

Meg didn’t have the same thoughts as Laura. She wasn’t jealous either. Meg knew that Zhao Hai liked Laura and knew that he liked her as well. If Zhao Hai did kiss Laura forcefully, however, then Meg would also be disappointed. This was because Meg wouldn’t be able to think that Zhao Hai was the same Zhao Hai she knew from the Black Waste.

Prior to them going to the Black Waste, he was Adam, not Zhao Hai. Meg, however, didn’t know this. If Zhao Hai kissed Laura, then she would think Zhao Hai was the same Adam she knew from before they went to the Black Waste. He was currently different from Adam who was a person who had flowers hanging off him and didn’t understand love. If he did kiss Laura, then that would mean that in his bones he was still the dandy, Adam. Meg would be even sadder than Laura in the end[7].

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]I assume that holding his chest, 扶胸, basically means to, like, place his palm on his chest or something. I dunno.

[2]As of here, I understand the author should never try to write a cooking novel with his limited vocabulary. Neither should we for that matter…

[3]Questionable. He probably only wore a shirt that said, “I’m an awesome Otaku.” Nothing about him seems to back up this claim.

[4]If people do not want to read weird author’s attempt at romance, it’s alright to stop here…

[5]And this completely ruins the cliche “kissing her while she’s asleep” scene.

[6]… cause he wasn’t about to kiss her…

[7]So basically, if he did anything else, they would have dumped him on the spot instead of help him. Great. Let’s do that. Romance parts are killing me…





Chapter 236: Jackal


Of course, Zhao Hai definitely didn’t know about the thoughts of the two women. Under that atmosphere, however, he could only continue to think about being intimate with Laura, so he left the tent. Naturally, that feeling had also tapered off.

After he left the tent, Zhao Hai breathed in some fresh air and looked around. He discovered that some Pig tribe women were already awake at this early hour and were busy with tasks around the camp. Some of them crowded together to milk the sheep, some were nursing the lambs, and some were cleaning the mess from yesterday’s feast. When they saw Zhao Hai leave his tent, they greeted him and Zhao Hai hastily greeted them back.

One would have to say that the ordinary life of a beastfolk was still very hard. Take Spear and this tribe; there were no slaves so they had to do everything themselves. Moreover, their main source of income came from selling argali. Selling wool was their secondary source.

Wool products from the beastfolk were famous on the continent. It didn’t only maintain warmth due the thickness, but were also strong and durable. More importantly, the surface patterns had strong beastfolk characteristics; giving off a rugged and mysterious, exotic beauty. All of this made it very popular.

The wool products, however, didn’t have a very unified production line. Instead, they were all made by hand by beastfolk using techniques handed down since ancient times. They manufactured them bit by bit. These sheepskin products wasn’t their only main sources of income, but was also a part of their lives.

Zhao Hai didn’t watch the women as they worked. His eyes were aimed at the mount Spear had used, as well as those dogs.

Those dogs were similar to another type of dog from Zhao Hai’s previous world—the mastiff. They did seem much fiercer than a mastiff, however, and this could be attributed to them being magic beasts.

Spear’s mount made Zhao Hai even more curious. They seemed like relatives to the wild boar and were really big. Based on Zhao Hai’s view, they almost seemed like a smaller version of an elephant. What’s even rarer was that they were quick. This was a very good mount.

Maybe it was due to him and Spear drinking last night, but whether it were the dogs or the pig, they didn’t show any hostility towards Zhao Hai. Several of the dogs even wagged their tails before Zhao Hai.

At this time, Spear’s voice sounded, “Brother Zhao Hai, you’re up really early. Were you happy with yesterday’s drinking?”

Zhao Hai turned to Spear. He couldn’t help but show a faint smile, saying, “Brother Spear, you didn’t get up late as well. Last night was the happiest I’ve been since birth. I’m truly thankful for your hospitality.”

Spear patted Zhao Hai’s shoulders forcefully and said, “Brother Zhao Hai, you are too polite! Entertaining a friend is an honor for our beastfolk race. Hahahaha.”

Zhao Hai understood that the beastfolk were straightforward, but with regards to Spear’s enthusiasm when he patted his shoulder, he really couldn’t enjoy it.

Shaking his numb shoulder, Zhao Hai smiled bitterly as he turned his head to smile at Spear. “Then, Brother Spear, I won’t be polite with you. I can give you 25 tonnes of food, but what I want in return are several of the argali and a dog. Also, it would better to also get a mount. What do you think?”

Spear smiled. “No problem. I can give you a dog. The pig is one of our Big Bellied Pig tribe specific and unique war beasts, so I can’t give you one directly. A few days ago, however, one of our pigs had just given birth, so I can give you the piglet and thirty argali. How does that sound to you?”

When Spear finished speaking, he watched and waited for Zhao Hai’s decision. He feared Zhao Hai might not agree since he thought that the transaction would mean a loss on Zhao Hai’s part.

Zhao Hai shook his head. “Brother Spear, you are too polite. Just give me a dog, a pig, two wool blankets, and ten of those argali. The 25 tonnes of food is yours.”

For Zhao Hai, this was enough. The Space could gain three magic beasts, and moreover he would also gain ten argali and two wool blankets. He would also only have to give 25 tonnes of food in return. The things he obtained from this would gain him several hundred gold coins if sold on the continent. It was a profit for them.

Spear didn’t think the same and thought Zhao Hai would suffer a loss. He shook his head and hastily said, “Brother Zhao Hai, you’ll suffer a loss if we do it like this. The beastfolk don’t want their friends to suffer losses, so you must accept thirty argali or more wool blankets. Anything we make, I can give to you.”

Laughing, Zhao Hai patted Spear’s arm—as he was shorter, he couldn’t reach Spear’s shoulder—and said, “Brother Spear, you don’t need to be so polite. Didn’t Laura tell you yesterday that the food had all been produced in my territory? It was planted by me, so I didn’t buy them. The investments are small. Getting ten argali is already a lot. I also can’t let you suffer, right?”

Spear looked at Zhao Hai with complex eyes. He forcefully patted Zhao Hai’s shoulders and said, “Brother Zhao Hai, from today onward, you are this Spear’s true brother. To be honest, it is the first time I’ve ever seen a Terran like you. I’ve seen many Terrans before you, and many of them were like vampires. You are, however, a naturally generous person. I am willing to give you the war flag of our tribe. This isn’t the supplier’s kind of war flag, but a brother’s war flag.”

Zhao Hai stared, puzzled, as he asked, “What’s the difference? I heard that many large caravans obtained war flags from war tribes. Aren’t war flags only used by war tribes?”

Spear laughed. “My brother, your understanding of our beastfolk is too little. Us beastfolk have many kinds of war flags. There are war flags used in war, and we don’t give those away. After all, it represents our honor. Another type, however, will be given to those merchant caravans. Although the war flags look the same, as long as one is a beastfolk, they can see the difference.

“The third type of war flag is a friendship war flag. This war flag isn’t used during wartime, but it instead represents that one has obtained our friendship. A person with this kind of war flag can be said to have obtained the friendship of the beastfolk. As long as a beastfolk sees this kind of war flag, they will know that the person is our beastfolk’s genuine friend. No matter where, he will earn the corresponding respect. Although our Big Bellied Pig tribe is only a normal tribe and not a war tribe, so long as you get our friendship war flag, it’ll be much safer than when you use a merchant’s war flag. This is because the beastfolk wouldn’t attack one of their friends.”

Zhao Hai now understood that the beastfolk had several types of war flags. He wasn’t polite as he smiled and said, “Alright then, brother. Thank you very much.”

Spear laughed. “Brother, you’re too polite. Beastfolk don’t need such politeness. Also, brother, you must still pay attention. Some time ago, I had heard of a nearby Jackal[1] tribe appearing and disappearing. That group is definitely full of robbers and thieves and shouldn’t even be called beastfolk. You must stay careful of these fellows.”

Zhao Hai nodded. With regards to this Jackal tribe, Zhao Hai knew of them due to the beastfolk records[2] that mentioned them. This ethnic race was more cold-blooded than the Snake ethnic race and were more cunning than the Fox ethnic race. They were also a lot crueler than the Wolf ethnic race. Jackals weren’t only disliked by Terrans, but also by the other beastfolk.

The Jackal tribe people were of a very special ethnic race. They weren’t as strong as the Lion race, nor as fast as the Wolf race. Speaking frankly, they also weren’t as cunning as the Fox race. Although they didn’t have abilities to the extent of these three races, their survival capability was the strongest.

Jackal tribe generally lived in the areas of the Beastfolk Prairie with the harshest conditions. To survive, they could only continue to fight, hunt, rob, and kill. If they didn’t do so, then they would starve to death.

No matter what race they faced, so long as they thought they could rob them, they would rob. Moreover, the Jackal tribe had the most outstanding hunters. They were united, patient, and had a different kind of cunning that no other beastfolk had. All of this made them the Beastfolk Prairie’s most notorious hunters, and also the most unpopular ones.

The beastfolk didn’t like them because they robbed relentlessly. Terran merchants didn’t like them because they didn’t leave anyone alive. While other beastfolk might rob them, at the very least they wouldn’t kill you so long as your didn’t offend them. This was because they needed the merchants to continue to transfer grains and food into the prairie.

The Jackal tribe, however, didn’t follow this. They didn’t only rob the commodities, but also robbed the lives of Terrans. They would even kidnap Terran merchants, resulting in many Terran slaves within the prairie. Many of the Terran merchants were kidnapped and held by the Jackal tribe, then sold. It could be said that this was their way to survive. Such an ethnic race was unscrupulous.

Another reason why the Jackal tribe wasn’t welcome by the other beastfolk was due to the fact that they didn’t have their own war flag!

War flags, to the beastfolk, held their honor and represented them. The Jackal tribe, on the other hand, didn’t have their own war flag. This wasn’t to say that they didn’t have war flags. In fact, they had many war flags. These war flags, however, weren’t theirs, but those that had been snatched from the other ethnic races.

They would use these war flags as bait. Weaker beastfolk ethnic group war flags would be used to lure in Terran merchants who came seeking shelter in their camp for the night. They would strike at that time. Among the entirety of the beastfolk, only the Jackal tribe would do such a thing. The other ethnic races, even the most aggressive Wolf race or cunning Fox race, wouldn’t do this. They had their own honor and disdained from such actions.

The Jackal tribe actually enjoyed such tactics. This was because such activities brought them an income. Many Terran merchants would fall for this type of scheme by the Jackal tribe. In the end, the Jackal tribe would swallow their goods.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]豺狗 – Chái gǒu.

[2]Zhao Hai’s lack of knowledge about beastfolk seems more questionable by the chapter.





Chapter 237: Helping Him Solve Trouble


The Jackal tribe relied on these sorts of behaviour and eventually became the Beastfolk Prairie’s most notorious thieving tribe. They were known as shameless robbers and thieves among the beastfolk, while they were called cunning native dogs by the humans.

So when Zhao Hai heard Spear say that there was a Jackal tribe nearby, it made him surprised. He hastily said, “Brother Spear, if you knew there was a Jackal tribe nearby, then why are you still here? You should leave this area as soon as possible.”

Spear nodded. “I know this, brother. We had been preparing to leave for the last couple of days. That’s why I was so anxious when you arrived; it was due to the Jackal tribe that was close by.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Brother, for the safety of the Pig tribe, we must make the trade as soon as possible and leave immediately. After breakfast, we will leave the food behind. All you need to do is prepare my stuff.”

Spear looked at Zhao Hai. “Brother, where will you go? Back to the human’s stone city or deeper into the prairies? If you wish to go deeper into the prairies, then you must be careful. If you see a strange tribe, check what ethnic race they are first, then pass them if needed.”

Zhao Hai was touched. He didn’t think that these carefree Pig tribe people would think so much about him. Smiling, he said, “Brother, don’t worry. Do not forget that I am still a magician. If the Jackal tribe really dares to attack me, then I will teach them a lesson.”

Spear laughed. “Brother, I almost forgot that you were an omnipotent magician! Hahaha. I hope those hateful thieves won’t encounter you.”

Zhao Hai also laughed as the two walked towards the center of the camp. At this time, a Pig tribe young girl took out two bowls of sheep’s milk and came over. Spear then said to Zhao Hai, “Brother, have a taste of this. It’s the freshest sheep’s milk in the prairie, best for breakfast.”

He examined the two bowls of sheep’s milk and became speechless. The sheep’s milk hadn’t undergone any heating, but had instead been directly squeezed out of a sheep. It was the first time Zhao Hai had seen sheep’s milk like this.

Although it was his first time seeing such sheep’s milk, Zhao Hai was too embarrassed to reject Spear’s offer. He accepted the bowl of sheep’s milk from the young Pig tribe girl’s hands and drank it.

It was hard to imagine how much it reeked of sheep. It hadn’t undergone any type of processing or flavoring. One couldn’t imagine how much of a sheep’s smell it had. Even Zhao Hai wouldn’t eat anything with such a deep smell. Now that he had a mouthful of sheep’s stick, it made him want to almost spit it out.

After he endured past the sheep stink, he began to smell a sweet, fragrant aroma from it. This kind of aroma was something that didn’t belong to any seasoning product he knew of. Instead, it seemed to be the milk’s natural aroma. The smell made Zhao Hai close his mouth as he tried the aftertaste.

Spear watched Zhao Hai’s appearance and couldn’t help but laugh as he said, “Brother, I’m really confused about whether you are a human or a beastfolk. Many humans, when drinking fresh sheep’s milk, would spit it back out. Later on, they wouldn’t dare to drink it at all. You, however, seem to have a liking for its taste. Haha. Brother, do you have beastfolk blood in you?”

Turning, Zhao Hai looked at this fellow with the giant pig’s head and suddenly saw a slyness in this fellow’s eyes. He couldn’t help but beat Spear’s arm, saying, “Good. You actually want to see me become a joke. Haha. To be honest, this fresh sheep’s milk is very fragrant[1].”

Zhao Hai’s hit was, without a doubt, just a tickle at the most for Spear. Spear, however, liked Zhao Hai’s performance a lot, so he laughed and patted Zhao Hai’s shoulder, causing him to make an agonized face.

At this time, Laura and the others had woken up and also walked out of their tent. The reason why they came out now was because they feared Zhao Hai would suspected them, so they endured patiently until now.

When he saw Laura and the other two come out, Spear immediately asked his wife to prepare and serve them a meal. The breakfast was very simple, sheep’s milk and handed pilaf[2].

After breakfast, Zhao Hai ordered the undead to move the food from the caravan and into the Sheep Head Hammer horde camp.

Spear also took out five of the best wool blankets they produced, along with five of the best carpets. Ten strong argali, two piglets, and two of the best prairie mastiffs[3] followed. All of them were given over to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai thought of declining the extras, but Spear actually put on such a serious face in order to stop him. After receiving the items, Zhao Hai said goodbye to Spear, then led the caravan deeper into the prairie.

Although they had only been in the prairie for a few days, Zhao Hai currently liked it here. The beastfolk were simple, adorable, and impressive friends who didn’t have any flowery thoughts. Compared to the scheming humans, they were more pure and direct. Friends were friends, enemies were enemies. This was also why they would always suffer losses in their relationship with the humans.

Presently, Laura was looking at the Big Bellied Pig tribe’s war flag that was hung on their caravan, dazed. With regards to the beastfolk war flags, she didn’t know much about them. She also believed that many human merchants wouldn’t know its significance. As such, when she saw Spear give Zhao Hai the war flag, it made her surprised.

Zhao Hai felt nostalgic whenever he saw the Sheep Head Hammer horde war flag. He retracted his vision and looked at Laura. Smiling, he asked, “What’s wrong? Why are you always staring at the war flag?”

Laura turned her head to Zhao Hai. “Don’t you think it’s strange? Why did Spear give us their war flag? The Sheep Head Hammer horde is just a small part of the tribe, and the Big Bellied Pig tribe is just a small part of the ethnic race. A war flag from such a horde is absolutely useless. As such, they generally wouldn’t give their war flag to others.”

Smiling, Zhao Hai told Laura about Spear’s explanation of the significance of war flags. Once he finished his explanation, Laura’s eyes shone as she looked at Zhao Hai. “Great! I heard that once a beastfolk recognizes a human as their real friend, almost no beastfolk would attack them. Brother Hai, it seems that this time we’ve obtained a great harvest for cheap.

Zhao Hai nodded. With a sinking voice, he said, “I also think Spear had been really good to us. As a matter of fact, he told me about some rumours he’d heard recently. It seems that there is a nearby active Jackal tribe.”

Laura was surprised for a moment, then her complexion changed as she said, “Jackal tribe? Is it really a Jackal tribe?”

Zhao Hai nodded. “It’s really a Jackal tribe. With the Jackal tribe in this area, it’ll become a big threat for Spear’s horde. Do you think we should help Spear and solve this trouble?”

Laura was surprised for a moment. She hadn’t thought of this point. What she knew was that the Jackal tribe wasn’t something they needed to fear. She actually didn’t expect Zhao Hai to propose helping Spear solve this problem.

She did understood what Zhao Hai meant. At present, they had the blood-colored eagles that could survey a wide area. So long as they had the blood-colored eagles do a thorough search, they would certainly be able to find the Jackal tribe. With their strength, destroying the Jackal tribe was possible. So long as they eliminated the Jackal tribe, they’d have helped Spear. The alternative was that Spear’s horde of only a few hundred people would be attacked.

After thinking about it for a while, Laura said, “That’s fine. The Jackal tribe is hated by all of the beastfolk. If we eliminate them, then no one would go after us for it and the beastfolk might even be grateful to us.”

Zhao Hai smiled. “Moreover, the Jackal tribe may even have raised some magic beasts of their own that we haven’t seen yet, something like these water-spurting pigs.”

As Zhao Hai said this, Laura and the others couldn’t help but look at the back of their carriage. There, two of the carriages contained the two piglets. These were the young water-spurting pig mounts that Spear had used.

These water-spurting pigs were magic beasts that only the Big Bellied Pig tribe could raise as they had some blood relation with the magic beasts. This wasn’t some sort of curse, but rather, a beastfolk tradition.

The beastfolk had always considered themselves descendants of humans and magic beasts. As such, they had control over the same abilities as the magic beasts. These water-spurting pigs were the Big Bellied Pig tribe’s magic beast relatives. It was due to the fact that these water-spurting pigs, like them, had big bellies and drank a lot of water. In battle, they could launch out water from their stomachs to attack the enemy. The water-spurting pigs, however, could launch the water further than the Big Bellied Pig tribe and their missiles could reach as far as fifty meters. Furthermore, they could continue to launch that water ten times. The Big Bellied Pig tribe could only use it five consecutive times.

Since they were still near Spear’s camp, Zhao Hai decided not to place the argali, water-spurting piglets, or the prairie mastiff in the Space. In any case, it wasn’t so bad.

The two piglets were placed in a carriage while the prairie mastiffs and argali followed beside the carriages. The next carriage was where the wool blankets and carpets had been placed.

Laura looked at the ten wool products and smiled as she said to Zhao Hai, “This time, we’ve really gained a lot. Don’t mention the argali or the few water-spurting pigs, just the wool blankets will give us a lot of money. The beastfolk made these blankets and carpets by hand and they are really popular among humans.”

Zhao Hai smiled. “It’s precisely because of this that I want to help Spear. With a Jackal tribe in the vicinity, it’ll be very dangerous for Spear.”

Laura nodded. “Alright, let’s do it then. In any case, this matter will also be good for us.”

Zhao Hai smiled faintly and issued out orders to the blood-colored eagles.

Just then, Nier suddenly said, “Young Master, would it be alright if I raise the two piglets? They’re just too cute.”

When he heard Nier’s words, Zhao Hai became speechless. He also thought that the piglets were adorable. They had black and white skin colors, with one having a black mark on its left eye while the other had the mark on its right. It gave off the feeling that they’d collected some leaves and grass on their eyes and made them look comedic and adorable. It was no wonder Nier liked them so much.

Zhao Hai smiled as he said, “Nier, those two piglets will be raised in the Space. Once they mature and have their own piglets, I’ll take two out for you to raise. Is that fine?”

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]In the end, you can best describe all beastfolk items with this one word: Fragrant.

[2]手抓饭 – Shǒu zhuā fàn. The hand part was hard to include, but the second two characters, 抓饭 = pilaf. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pilaf

[3]草原獒 – Cǎoyuán áo.





Chapter 238: Strange Prompts


Because Nier was such a pure person, Zhao Hai unconsciously regarded her as a lovable little sister. As such, Zhao Hai had that kind of expression when he spoke with her.

Thinking about it for a while, Nier finally nodded and said, “Alright. When they give birth to their own piglets, Young Master must give me a couple!”

Zhao Hai nodded with a smile. He knew that Nier liked to raise magic beasts. Nier’s request wasn’t out of some temporary whim. Turning, Zhao Hai looked around and found that they were now far from the Sheep Head Hammer horde. Since no one else was around, he made Laura stop the caravan. He then brought the argali, water-spurting piglets, and the prairie mastiffs into the Space.

Afterward, they also entered the Space. The animals were currently placed in the warehouse. Once Zhao Hai brought them into the Spatial Ranch, they would be evaluated immediately.

After they entered the Space, they heard a few odd knocks. Surprised for a moment, Zhao Hai soon found that it was from Green and the others who were staying at Fort Iron Mountain. They had anxious faces as they knocked on the ground.

Zhao Hai was only surprised for a moment before he naturally understood what was happening. At the same time, he felt guilty. He’d drunk too much yesterday, so they naturally couldn’t return to the Space, nor leave Fort Iron Mountain. Green and the others were definitely concerned about them. He feared they didn’t get a good sleep last night.

Seeing this situation, Zhao Hai postponed promoting the Space. He immediately let Green and the others into the Space. As soon as Green and the others entered the Space, they saw Zhao Hai standing there with a guilty expression. Green quickly greeted him and carefully looked him over before asking, “Young Master, are you alright? Why didn’t you come back to Fort Iron Mountain yesterday? We were worried throughout this sleepless night.”

Zhao Hai guiltily replied, “I’m sorry, Grandpa Green. We met the Big Bellied Pig tribe yesterday. You know how beastfolk drink wine until they get drunk. Yesterday, I got drunk so I wasn’t able to return to the Space. Sorry.”

Upon hearing Zhao Hai’s answer, Green relaxed. He smiled and said, “So you drank with the beastfolk; no wonder. Those beastfolk wouldn’t let go of someone if they didn’t drink until their faces fell to the floor.”

Quinn John, who was talking to Laura, heard what Green said and smiled. “Yes, those beastfolk really are like that. Making Zhao Hai drink till he was drunk on the ground is normal. Right, Zhao Hai, what good things did you get from the trade this time?”

Laura didn’t want for Zhao Hai to speak as she smiled and said, “This time, we got several really good things. There’s five good beastfolk blankets and five carpets, two Big Bellied Pig tribe unique magic beasts; water-spurting pigs, and two unique prairie magic beasts; prairie mastiffs.

Presently, Quinn John and the others knew how much food was in their possession. When they heard Laura’s report, Quinn John nodded and said, “Great. Compared to using normal prices, this isn’t that bad.”

Laura smiled and said, “It wasn’t much, but Spear felt that Brother Hai was a true friend, so he gave us all of these things. Haha. Actually, other things don’t really matter. What’s important is that we obtained three kinds of magic beasts.”

Quinn John understood what Laura meant. This time, they’d obtained three magic beasts which, in other words, might upgrade the Spatial Ranch.

He immediately said, “So, what are we waiting for? Let’s quickly move them. It’ll upgrade the Spatial Ranch for sure.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It won’t be that easy. These three magic beasts we brought would need to be of high rank, not low. Otherwise, the Spatial Ranch won’t easily upgrade.”

Green smiled. “It doesn’t matter. We’ll take things slowly. We’ve only just entered the Beastfolk Prairie and I heard each beastfolk ethnic race has their own unique magic beast. If we can collect those unique magic beasts neatly, then I think the Spatial Ranch will upgrade. I want to see how it will look when it’s at its highest level.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I hope so. The problem is that these magic beasts aren’t easy to get. If I didn’t hit it off well with Spear, then it would have been impossible for him to give me those water-spurting pigs. Moreover, what he could only give me were water-spurting piglets and not adult pigs. From this, you can see that the beastfolk really favor their own unique magic beasts.”

Quinn John forced a smile. “I almost forgot about this. To the beastfolk, these unique magic beasts are, in their opinion, part of their family. Would you just hand over your loved ones to someone if they asked?”

Zhao Hai and the others were speechless after they heard Quinn John. With regards to humans, it would be difficult for them to think of magic beasts as family. For the beastfolk, however, this was a normal matter.

Zhao Hai suddenly thought of those pets being raised by lonely elders back on Earth. Those people regarded their pets as family and would even leave a large inheritance for them after they died. Compared to these elders, the beastfolk didn’t seem as crazy. They both placed magic beasts or pets in their hearts.

He didn’t say anything more, but instead transferred everyone into the Spatial Ranch. He then took out the argali, water-spurting pigs, and prairie mastiffs.

After the three types of magic beasts were released, the Space immediately prompted in a tone:

[Discovered new sheep-shaped animal variation. Evaluating level: Level 3 animal.

This animal has replaced the Space’s original sheep.

This animal has a maturity time of eight hours. Can produce wool seven times and give birth once.

Each birth will produce eight lambs. Each wool cycle will produce 100 kilograms.

Requires feed twice per hour.

Digitizing animal. Animal can now be purchased from the Spatial Shop.]

[Discovered pig-shaped animal variation. Evaluating level: Level 20 animal.

This animal has a maturity time of twenty hours and can give birth to piglets ten times.

A max of ten piglets can be birthed at a time.

Requires feed five times per hour.

Digitizing animal. Animal can now be purchased from the Spatial Shop.]

[Discovered dog-shaped animal variation. Evaluating level: Level 15 animal.

This animal has a maturity time of twenty hours and can give birth to puppies five times.

A max of nine puppies can be birthed at a time.

Requires feed twice per hour.

There is a 10% probability every birth for a chance of a variant. Evaluating level of variant: Level 30. All other data stays the same.

Digitizing animal. Animal can now be purchased from the Spatial Shop.]

Zhao Hai listened to the three long prompts and was stunned. While the evaluation of the water-spurting pig was normal, the argali and prairie mastiff had abnormal Space prompts.

It was especially amazing for the Space’s prompt for the argali. It produce wool seven times and a set of eight lambs at once. This was something Zhao Hai hadn’t encountered before.s

The prompt for the prairie mastiff indicated that there was a 10% chance of a variant being birthed, and that the variant was a Level 30 magic beast. In the end, how did this occur?

Zhao Hai immediately examined the Spatial Ranch’s storage and looked at the list. There really were three more magic beast pictures. The argali occupied the original position of the sheep while there wasn’t anything different about the other two.

He looked at the slot for the prairie mastiff and saw that there wasn’t anything different about it. In the end, how would it work? Why did the prairie mastiff have a 10% chance of producing a variant?

Zhao Hai stared at the picture of the prairie mastiff and carefully examined it. In his head, the number, ‘nine’, kept flashing, along with the word, ‘variant’. He was caught by them. The idea flashed on and off, so he couldn’t grasp it.

Laura arrived at Zhao Hai’s side and said, “Brother Hai, what’s the matter? Will the prairie mastiffs really have a variant[1]? Moreover, its battle prowess isn’t that low. Listening to the prompts, it seemed that the strength of the variant would be equal to a Rank Five or Rank Six magic beast.”

Battle prowess! When Laura mentioned those words, Zhao Hai’s thoughts finally got a few clues. He now knew why the prairie mastiff would create a variant.

On Earth, not all dogs could be considered mastiffs. Zhao Hai had once heard the phrase, “9 dogs, 1 mastiff[2].” In other words, even if all nine were supposedly mastiffs, only one could be considered a true mastiff. That mastiff wasn’t only a name or a species, but a symbol of its battle strength.

This time, the prairie mastiff could give birth to nine puppies. Nine dogs, one mastiff. This phrase maybe pointing out the reason why the Space had said there was a chance of a variant emerging. This variant, to put it bluntly, was the one out of the nine that was a proper mastiff.

After he figured it out, Zhao Hai laughed and turned to Laura. “It’s nothing. The variant is just an ordinary prairie mastiff that undergoes a mutation. As such, its battle prowess is higher, that’s all.”

Laura agreed but still said unhappily, “Even with the three different magic beasts here, the Spatial Ranch didn’t upgrade. What a pity.”

Zhao Hai smiled. “It’s not a pity. In the future, it’ll become even harder to upgrade. Alright, let’s go out. First, we’ll need to be self-sufficient. When the Black Waste grows larger after the transformations, we’ll need to be able to establish a business in the Rosen Empire.”

Laura didn’t oppose. While at present they still had the continued cooperation with the Purcell clan, they weren’t prepared to build it further. It would only be after they establish a business in the Rosen Empire that they could do so.

After Zhao Hai handled the matters of the Spatial Ranch, they all returned to the Spatial Farm. Sitting down, Zhao Hai began to explain about what happened after they came into contact with Spear and also went into detail about the war flags for Green and the others. Zhao Hai told them these matters because he was thinking that it would help them in the future for when they made further contact with the beastfolk. The experience gained from dealing with Spear had a possibility of being needed in the future.

Moreover, they might also encounter something that required Green to help solve. Therefore, it was better to let Green have a better understanding of the beastfolk’s situation. As such, Zhao Hai naturally discussed the war flag matters. He also told them that he wanted to help Spear by dealing with the Jackal tribe.

Green and the others listened attentively. To be honest, if they went and had contact with the beastfolk, then they wouldn’t have been able to do what Zhao Hai did. They were like other humans on the continent; they wanted to find out how to gain more benefits from the beastfolk. On the other hand, Zhao Hai had won the beastfolk’s friendship with sincerity and generosity. It could be said that this recent transaction didn’t only give them materials, but also the treasured friendship of the beastfolk. This was especially true when Spear gave them the friendship war flag.

After Zhao Hai finished, Green grew a bit out of breath[3]. He looked at Zhao Hai with a complex expression. “Young Master, you did a wonderful job. It was better than what I could have done. Oh, Young Master has truly grown to be a person that can deal with all sorts of situations. With this, I feel relieved.”

Looking at the somewhat excited Green, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile slightly. “Don’t get too excited, Grandpa Green. I still have much to learn from you, so don’t leave me. Oh, right. Do you think it was a good idea to help Spear by dealing with the Jackal tribe?”

Green nodded. “It’s fine. How can it not be fine? With regards to us, dealing with the Jackal tribe isn’t a difficult matter. Moreover, we will also obtain a few benefits. What’s most important are the unique magic beasts of the Jackal tribe. We definitely must take them. This is important as the Spatial Ranch still needs them.”

Quinn John nodded. “The best way to deal with this is for us to leave a little trace of what we did so that others will know of it. With this, the beastfolk would welcome us warmly.”

Zhao Hai and Laura laughed at Quinn John’s thoughts. They definitely wouldn’t do this as they knew Quinn John was just cracking a joke.

Although the beastfolk didn’t approve of the Jackal tribe, don’t forget that the Jackal tribe was still one of the beastfolk. Regardless of what the Jackal tribe did, it was still an internal affair of the beastfolk. If the beastfolk found out that people killed a beastfolk tribe within the prairie, then it would be difficult to imagine what kind of reaction they might have[4].

After joking around for some time, Green and the others wanted to return to Fort Iron Mountain. Although there weren’t many matters that needed to be addressed, there also weren’t a few. Zhao Hai released two of the argali and was looking for a place in Fort Iron Mountain to raise them. At the same time, he passed Green and the others the blankets and carpets.

After doing all of this, Zhao Hai led Laura and the others back to the carriage. The caravan hadn’t stopped, but had continued to move forward. Here in the prairies, however, they were surrounded by the same constant view. If it wasn’t for the fact that they were looking for plants, then they wouldn’t have wanted to stay here.

After coming back to the caravan, Zhao Hai filled one carriage with food. If they met a beastfolk tribe, then it would guarantee that they would be warmly welcomed.

To be honest, just hurrying along was quite boring. Fortunately, Zhao Hai still collected plants and this relieved him of his boredom. There were many plants in the prairie, and except for a few specific areas, everywhere else was covered with grass. All of this grass would be uniform. While Zhao Hai and the others wanted to distinguish them, they unfortunately couldn’t really tell the difference.

For Laura and the others, this was fine. They crowded together and chatted, which was quite lively. On the other hand, Zhao Hai was quite depressed as he didn’t understand many of the topics they discussed.

Noon arrived soon after. Zhao Hai and the others were ready to re-enter the Space and eat something when Zhao Hai heard the cry of a blood-colored eagle. They decided to stay as they knew they’d found the Jackal tribe.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]You know, a smart thing to do now was to have him ask Cai’er… But then, I’ve never seen Zhao Hai as smart… he’s just really good at following whatever the plot has for him.

[2]I have never heard this before. I assume it’s like the majority of Zhao Hai’s phrases which come from nowhere, or from author’s obscure understanding of actual phrases… Rarely have I come away from here with a good, legitimate phrase. Maybe it’s from this (the site is basically like a yahoo answers site): https://zhidao.baidu.com/question/44003106.html

[3]People have weird fetishes…

[4]Yes, last chapter they discussed that the beastfolk wouldn’t care of and might even thank them for dealing with the beastfolk. Once again, I’d just ignore the inconsistency.





Chapter 239: Cattle-head King’s[1] Flag


Zhao Hai stared tightly at the blood-colored eagle as it continued to circle the sky. Laura also looked at the blood-colored eagle. They were really curious as to what information this blood-colored eagle had.

Zhao Hai understood everything after watching. The blood-colored eagles’ reconnaissance ability was strong because they could fly high and had good vision. In addition, they could understand what Zhao Hai wanted. As such, they became very good aerial scouts.

The report from the blood-colored eagles was very important for Zhao Hai. This was because the information they brought told that there were two beastfolk tribes fighting one another. On one side was the Cattle-head ethnic race while the other side was the Jackal tribe[2].

Zhao Hai frowned. He didn’t know if he should attack in this situation. If a human rashly interfered in a battle between the beastfolk, then it wouldn’t be good.

Laura and the others also understood the information passed along by the blood-colored eagles. With regards to this situation, Laura also felt it was awkward. For the beastfolk, a battle was honorable. If one intervened, then both sides might be offended. Even the side they helped wouldn’t give their thanks.

After thinking about it for a while, Laura turned to Zhao Hai and asked, “Brother Hai, what should we do?”

Thinking, Zhao Hai said, “We’ll first take a look and pretend to just be passing by. We won’t make a move first.”

Laura nodded. Zhao Hai then immediately directed the caravan in a path that would pass by the battlefield.

The battlefield wasn’t near them, otherwise the blood-colored eagles wouldn’t have taken all morning to pass along the information. In order to rush as fast as they could to the battlefield, Zhao Hai had taken back the rest of the caravan and placed them inside the Space, leaving only Laura’s carriage to move forward. They proceeded along at a faster pace this way.

After two hours, they finally arrived at the battlefield the blood-colored eagles had reported. As they got there, several war cries could be heard.

Zhao Hai didn’t expect that the two tribes could fight for so long. It was currently noon, and since the time the blood-colored eagles had found the two tribes until now, it was already a little over three hours. This wasn’t a short period.

Zhao Hai slowed down and looked out the carriage once more. He then slowly moved toward the battlefield. There wasn’t any worry since he knew that both sides were still in the midst of fighting.

Everyone soon got closer to the battlefield. In the distance, there seemed to be a camp. The size of the camp wasn’t that large, only as big the Sheep Head Hammer horde camp. This camp had a Cattle-head war flag flying above the central tent. Laura looked at the war flag and her complexion changed. “The Cattle-head King’s war flag. How could it be the Cattle-head King’s war flag?

Zhao Hai was surprised for a moment. “Cattle-head King’s war flag? You’re saying that’s the Cattle-head King’s war flag?” The reason why he was so surprised was because the Cattle-head King’s war flag wasn’t something anyone could casually obtain. Only members of the Cattle-head ethnic race’s royal family, the Titan Cattle[3] tribe, could use it.

Although the Beastfolk Prairie’s beastfolk ethnic races were numerous, there were also top tribes among the ethnic races that were given the status of a royal family tribes. One of these ethnic races that practiced such a thing was the Cattle-head ethnic race. Although there were many related tribes, such as the rhinoceros tribe and etc, they all belonged to one large ethnic race, the Cattle-head ethnic race.

The royal family of the Cattle-head ethnic race was the Titan Cattle tribe. Everyone from the Titan Cattle tribe was a born warrior. They didn’t have any wool over their bodies and their skin was golden-yellow in color. This golden-yellow skin had great defensive capabilities. With the addition of their bloodline’s innate godly strength, it could be said that their battle prowess was comparable with the other famous war tribes. They wouldn’t fare badly against them.

If one weren’t from the Titan Cattle tribe and were just a common Cattle-head ethnic race tribe, then their battle prowess wouldn’t be great. The Cattle-head ethnic race could somewhat be regarded as a war tribe in the prairie, but the assessment of the race wasn’t that of a war tribe. When one assessed an ethnic race, one would look at the overall battle strength. The Cattle-head ethnic race had many low strength tribes, so they pulled down the rest of the ethnic race. In the end, they were assessed as a regular ethnic race and not a war tribe.

No matter if it were an ethnic race or a war tribe, they were divided heterogeneously. Just like the Lion ethnic race and Tiger ethnic race, both had their top tribes represent the war tribe because they had the greatest battle strength. The Cattle-head ethnic race status was similar to theirs, but the Lion ethnic race and Tiger ethnic race were both existences at the top of the ethnic race hierarchy. Even then, those lower ranked war tribes wouldn’t be impolite towards the Cattle-head ethnic race, especially towards the Titan Cattle tribe.

The Titan Cattle tribe’s battle strength was very formidable, and their strength itself was boundless. With their powerful defensive capabilities and Bestial Soul Possession War Skill[4], they were very powerful.

Beastfolk and humans were different. Human practitioners cultivated battle qi or magic power, but beastfolk practitioners cultivated the so-called Bestial Soul Possession War Skill. In fact, this was the unique cultivation method of the beastfolk. Every beastfolk youth, upon reaching ten years of age, would be required to hunt and kill a magic beast alone. They would then use the mystical beastfolk cultivation method to absorb the magic beast’s body and soul. Every time a beastfolk fought, the magic beast’s soul and body would aid them.

This Bestial Soul Possession War Skill, however, had its own limitations. The limitations varied based on individual bloodline, and different bloodlines meant different limits for each ethnic race.

Take the slave tribes of the beastfolk for example. They also cultivated the Bestial Soul Possession War Skill, but it was impossible for them to attract a powerful magic beast’s soul. If they forcibly tried to absorb one, then instead of gaining strength, they’d cause a rebound effect. Their body would get damaged and the magic beast’s soul may control them instead, turning them into a beast.

Strong magic beasts would be attracted to beastfolk with strong battle strength. If the magic beast was a wild one, then the deciding factor was battle strength.

For example, a domesticated Rank Five magic beast wouldn’t be able to defeat a wild magic beast of the same rank. This was because a Rank Five wild magic beast would, from birth, have been continuously battling other magic beasts. Since they were constantly fighting, their natural battle strength would definitely be higher than a domesticated Rank Five magic beast.

For the beastfolk, absorbing the soul of a magic beast would enable them to use a part of the combat experience of the magic beast. For the beastfolk, this was very important.

Weaker beastfolk didn’t have the ability to capture and kill magic beasts. This was the reason why they used domesticated magic beasts, and this naturally meant a lower battle strength.

For war tribes and common ethnic races, the biggest difference between the two would be that the beast souls of the war tribes generally consisted of carnivorous magic beasts. Ethnic races would instead use beast souls from herbivorous magic beasts, those that were preyed upon.

Beast soul absorption also wasn’t very equal. For example, if one were of the Cattle-head ethnic race and wanted to absorb a lion-type magic beast soul, then they would have a very low chance of success. Even if they did succeed, it wouldn’t give them much strength. This was because there was a low degree of compatibility between them, resulting in negative effects.

For the Cattle-head ethnic race, the best magic beast soul they could absorb would be those related to the Cattle-head ethnic race. If they couldn’t attract a Cattle-head ethnic race related magic beast, then they’d be better off getting another herbivorous type of magic beast instead of a carnivorous one. This was knowledge obtained after many years of trial and error.

For the Titan Cattle tribe, their beast soul could be regarded as a unified soul. Their magic beast soul was from a Rank Six earth elemental magic beast, a stoneskin cattle[5].

This stoneskin cattle was as its name suggested; it was a magic beast with very high defensive capabilities. Its offensive strength was also quite high. Of all the magic beasts, there weren’t many with a better strength than a stoneskin cattle.

After many years of trial and error, the Titan Cattle tribe had finally decided to absorb the stoneskin cattle magic beast soul. Since the Titan Cattle tribe and stoneskin cattle had many of the same attributes, after the absorption there was a high rate of compatibility. As such, the Titan Cattle tribe used their strength to rear stoneskin cattle.

Naturally, this so-called rearing wasn’t the same as raising them in a ranch. They instead placed the stoneskin cattle in an enclosure in order to prevent them from running away. These cattle could move inside the enclosure freely, and if they encountered danger, the Titan Cattle tribe wouldn’t help. This allowed the stoneskin cattle to become more wild.

This was a common practice among the beastfolk war tribes. Long periods of trial and error was consumed to find out the best and most suitable magic beast for the tribe to absorb. They would need to only partly rear the magic beasts. When the time came that a tribe member was required to capture and absorb a beast soul, they could just enter the enclosure. They would then hunt and kill the magic beast, then absorb its soul.

All of this guaranteed the battle strength of their ethnic race. After many years of development, the beastfolk’s renowned war tribes had created their own well defined cultivation system. Compared to the beastfolk of the past, it was more effective.

Small tribes and weaker ethnic races didn’t have the capability to rear magic beasts like the war tribes. As such, their battle strength didn’t develop much. This eventually caused the current system among the beastfolk. The war tribes were getting stronger and stronger while the smaller tribes and lower ethnic races became weaker and weaker.

While the Titan Cattle tribe was a part of a weaker ethnic race, they were a tribe that raised their own magic beasts. This reflected their strength and even those war tribes didn’t provoke them so casually.

This was the reason why Laura was so surprised after seeing the Cattle-head King’s war flag. The Jackal tribe would be like a soft persimmon being pinched. With a powerful tribe like the Titan Cattle tribe, why did they try to provoke them and suddenly attack? Also, why was the Titan Cattle tribe in this area? This was still quite close to Ironwall Fortress. Within the Beastfolk Prairie, it could be considered the borderlands. The tribe shouldn’t be here.

Zhao Hai and Laura were both looking at the Cattle-head King’s war flag and were both speechless. When they saw the war flag here, they feared the matter wouldn’t be simple. Their simple passing this time around was a consequence unknown to them. The Titan Cattle tribe was here, yet they had bravely rushed over. Once the Titan Cattle tribe finished off the Jackal tribe, they feared they would turn to deal with them and silence the witnesses.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]牛头王 – Niútóu wáng.

[2]Hrm… anyone else just wondering how he taught the eagles to explain any of this?? I’d believe it more if he just telepathically communicates with them.

[3]大力神牛 – Dàlì shén niú.

[4]兽魂附体战技 – Shòu hún fù tǐ zhàn jì. It’s an actual thing, yea…

[5]石肤牛 – Shífūniú





Chapter 240: Prophet[1]


Laura took a deep breath and carefully examined the war flag that was raised above the camp. It truly was the Cattle-head King’s war flag. Laura turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, it truly is the Cattle-head King’s war flag. What should we do?

Zhao Hai frowned. He had his suspicions about this. Why would the Jackal tribe unexpectedly attack the Titan Cattle tribe? Zhao Hai felt that this was strange. The problem was that he couldn’t say for sure what exactly was strange about it.

He looked at the battlefield and sighed. “Doing anything else is useless. Now that we’re near the battlefield, they should have already seen us. All we can do now is move forward.”

Laura also examined the battlefield. Sure enough, she saw that they’d already been noticed. Turning back at this time would be far too late.

They weren’t really afraid of having problems with the other party. Don’t forget that they had the Big Bellied Pig tribe’s friendship war flag raised above their carriage. If they ran, Spear would receive no small amount of trouble. After all, there was no such thing as an airtight wall in this world. No matter if it was the Titan Cattle tribe or the Jackal tribe, they were both tribes Spear couldn’t contend with.

Zhao Hai’s caravan slowly moved toward the battlefield. Their reaction was contrary to the parties presently fighting. Currently, the Jackal clan was on the offensive while the Titan Cattle tribe was on the defensive.

The Jackal tribe had mobilized two thousand tribe members while the Titan Cattle tribe only had several hundred tribe members in their camp.

While the defending Titan Cattle tribe members only numbered three hundred, they were all elite warriors. Each of them wore leather armor and held double-edged heavy axes. They didn’t ride any mounts as their mounts were stationed within the camp. The mounts were earthen-yellow bulls of around three meters tall. These bulls had thin, fine fur crowing around them and looked extremely strong. Their muscles were well built and they had a pair of angular horns about a meter long. With thick hooves that pawed the ground uneasily, they seemed to want to join in the fight.

Beyond this, Zhao Hai understood why they were called the Titan Cattle tribe.

Titan Cattle tribe members had a height around 2.5 meters with muscles comparable to a top bodybuilder. If they went to Earth and joined a bodybuilding competition, even Schwarzenegger[2] would have to step aside.

Their skin was a golden yellow color and glossy as it flashed like metal. They were comparable to the actors who played in the 18 Bronzemen[3].

They each had a giant cattle’s head and a pair of half-meter long horns. Their hands were large enough to handle a three-meter long huge double-edged war axe. Just looking at the axe’s head, its weight definitely wasn’t below a hundred kilograms.

Although their numbers were small, they had formed a circle formation and were defending the perimeter of the camp. They were like an impregnable bronze wall. Not even the Jackal tribe was able to pass through them. At the front were numerous Jackal tribe corpses.

It was the opposite for the Jackal tribe. These Jackal tribe members rode their mounts. Their mounts were like wolves, a type of canine that was similar to jackals from Earth. Their build was a lot larger, around two meters in height. They had sharp claws and teeth and cold eyes. These jackals had already revealed an extraordinary ability for assault.

The Jackal tribe members didn’t wear any leather armor, but instead wore the ordinary leather clothing that beastfolk wore. They were around 1.7 meters tall and held a variety of weapons in their hands. Their eyes were like that of a jackal’s as they exuded a flash of brutal light.

Zhao Hai didn’t really think of the Jackal tribe as very tall. They were even shorter than average humans. It was a shock that they could become the most outstanding robbers in the prairie with such stature. This astonished him.

At this time, both sides battling each other noticed him. Zhao Hai didn’t move forward in a straight path but instead made the carriage circle the area, putting on an appearance of refusing to look at either party.

The reason why Zhao Hai did this was because he was testing them. He wanted to see if the Titan Cattle tribe would move to ask him to reinforce them. If the Titan Cattle tribe seeks his help, then he would help. If they didn’t, then he would die here as well[4].

His performance, however, shocked both sides. They had seen many human merchants, but seeing Zhao Hai, a human merchant with such great courage, was their first time.

Generally, the human merchants that venture out into the Beastfolk Prairie would usually carry an understanding of the path they would take in advance and be aware of it. In this case where they were battling and a human merchant came upon them, the humans would certainly hide far away. They wouldn’t act like Zhao Hai who even went forward and put on an appearance of ignoring both parties. Their caravan didn’t have many people, so how could they go up against both parties?

It was no wonder the Titan Cattle tribe and Jackal tribe had such an idea. Presently, Zhao Hai and his caravan had fifty people altogether. Fifty coachmen and Zhao Hai with the three women[5]. Such a number and still playing cards, these people dared to put themselves out and face their enemies. One side was the Titan Cattle tribe, a strong tribe, while the other was the Jackal tribe, the Beastfolk Prairie’s most notorious bandits. This really gave the feeling that they let their heads get kicked by a mosquito[6].

At this time, a person suddenly left the tent in the middle of the Titan Cattle tribe’s camp. This person was a member of the Cattle-head ethnic race, but he was obviously not of the Titan Cattle tribe. This cattle-head member had a head of thin, black hair and a height of two meters or so. A pair of short horizontal horns adorned his head. This person wore a black cotton robe and held a beast bone cane in his hand. The cane was about a meter long and looked almost like a crutch.

Zhao Hai gawked. This was the first time he’d seen a beastfolk wearing robes. The beastfolk commonly wore leather clothes, yet this person wore a long gown that was similar to magic robes. What’s more important, this person was about two meters tall, but Zhao Hai felt the person was quite thin.

At this time, Laura suddenly interjected, “If I’m not mistaken, there must be a high ranking Titan Cattle tribe member here, otherwise there wouldn’t be a beastfolk prophet around.”

Zhao Hai stared for a while. He couldn’t say that he hadn’t heard of this beastfolk profession before. On the contrary, he knew of it. A beastfolk prophet was quite famous.

Prophets were a respected profession among the beastfolk. They couldn’t cultivated the Bestial Soul Possession War Skill, but they could roast beast bones over a fire and predict the future from the cracks in the bones. They could also use bone tablets made of magic beast bones in order to use the Soul Summoning technique[7], which could summon magic beast souls to attack. As such, the position of prophets among the beastfolk was comparable to human magicians and was quite high.

Due to a prophet’s status, only a war tribe could generally have one. Moreover, these prophets didn’t only have special abilities, but were also very intelligent members. They played a role as a military strategist within war tribes.

Zhao Hai turned to Laura and asked, “That’s a beastfolk prophet?”

Laura nodded. “That prophet is from the Water Buffalo tribe[8]. The Water Buffalo tribe is noted as the most intelligent tribe within the Cattle-head ethnic race. Most of the Cattle-head prophets come from the Water Buffalo tribe. Due to this, they have a very high status within the Cattle-head ethnic race, even though they don’t have high battle strength.”

The Water Buffalo tribe prophet also saw Zhao Hai, its eyes puzzled at first. Then he saw the friendship war flag from the Big Bellied Pig tribe and his eyes shone.

As a beastfolk prophet, he naturally understood what the beastfolk’s friendship war flag represented[9]. Since Zhao Hai was able to obtain one, it showed that they had gotten it from a horde or tribe. With regards to common merchants, this kind of goal wasn’t achievable in their lifetime.

Obtaining a beastfolk friendship war flag didn’t only mean that you obtained the friendship of the beastfolk; it also meant that the beastfolk wouldn’t consider you an outsider. In other words, Zhao Hai’s every action in the prairie could be counted as an action by a beastfolk.

Zhao Hai wasn’t aware of this. Even if he knew, he wouldn’t react to it. So long as the war flag was useful, he wouldn’t get into any trouble.

Upon seeing the war flag atop Zhao Hai’s carriage, the prophet was stunned for a moment before heading back into the tent. Before long, a Titan Cattle member came out.

This Titan Cattle member looked young and had a height of 2.3 meters. The muscles on him were overly exaggerated, and he didn’t wear leather armor but black cotton garments. The style of the black cotton clothes were very simple, but one could see that the materials it was made from were of good quality[10]. One must understand that the beastfolk couldn’t produce clothes, so clothes were quite scarce in the Beastfolk Prairie. Only a beastfolk with status could wear cotton clothing, and for high quality clothes, only those of very high status could acquire them.

Zhao Hai carefully observed this Titan Cattle tribe member. He found that this person’s horns had two golden hoops. Reflecting the sun, they shone golden rays of light.

Looking at the situation, Zhao Hai knew that those Titan Cattle tribe members were continuously protecting this person. As the beastfolk prophet stood behind him, it revealed that this person’s status wasn’t low.

Zhao Hai looked at the Titan Cattle people and they looked back at him. The black robe Zhao Hai wore was very conspicuous. It made it hard for others not to pay attention to him.

At this time, a team of two hundred Jackal tribe cavalrymen suddenly moved towards Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai didn’t do anything in return as he wanted to see what these Jackal tribe cavalrymen would do. If they only threatened him with words, then he wouldn’t fight back. If they tried to attack him, however, then he wouldn’t be polite.

Without waiting for those Jackal tribe cavalrymen to close in on Zhao Hai, the Titan Cattle leader opened his mouth and shouted, “Human friend, please come towards our camp. I will guarantee your safety.”

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]先知 – Xiānzhī.

[2]Good god, how old is this thing… when was the last time Old Arnie even competed in bodybuilding?

[3]https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/18_Bronzemen

[4]Questionable. 那他就在这里死等好了

[5]A few chapters ago, they should have put most of the caravan into the Space. I don’t know what’s happening here…

[6]Another weird saying that doesn’t make sense. Maybe the head is really empty and light enough to get kicked around by a bug?

[7]召魂术 – Zhào hún shù.

[8]水牛族 – Shuǐniú zú.

[9]Actually, based on the description given before, EVERY beastfolk should understand what a beastfolk friendship war flag is…

[10]How could one see this? What type of vision do they have?





Chapter 241: Waving a Hand to Exterminate the Enemy [1]


Zhao Hai was surprised for a moment, but then showed a faint smile. “Many thanks, beastfolk friends, but we don’t need to do so. We can solve this problem ourselves.” As he spoke, he turned to the oncoming Jackal tribe cavalry.

These Jackal tribe members were armed with weapons didn’t make them look very kind. They seemed ready to strike and kill everyone on the spot.

Zhao Hai snorted coldly and brandished his Ghost Cane. Over a hundred undead suddenly appeared around the caravan. These undead weren’t human-shaped, but were instead beast-shaped. Moreover, they weren’t zombies but skeletons.

By doing so, Zhao Hai showed he had no intention of hiding his identity. They were going to wander through the Beastfolk Prairie, so sooner or later they would be known by the other merchants. These merchants would then try to ascertain their identity. By revealing his identity as a black magician now, he would let them know that the black magician, Zhao Hai, had entered the Beastfolk Prairie.

Yesterday, Zhao Hai had taken back these undead and placed them in the Space specifically for this situation. As long as a black magician doesn’t use human-shaped undead, they wouldn’t get annoyed for it. Especially so when they were within the Beastfolk Prairie. Even then, strength was the basis for one’s right to speak within the Beastfolk Prairie. If one were to use human undead, the beastfolk wouldn’t be so repugnant about it. As long as one was strong enough, they wouldn’t act out of place so easily either.

Currently, Zhao Hai had saved around a thousand magic beast undead. A hundred of these undead were enough to deal with the current problem. As such, he didn’t release them all.

Even with this much, those Jackal tribe members were surprised. The magic beast undead that Zhao Hai released were really big. In front of these undead, the Jackal tribe members looked like 10-year-olds standing in front of a large man.

These undead had the strength of a Rank Seven magic beast, so they were a lot stronger than those Jackal tribe members. Because of the gap between the sizes of their bodies, the hundred undead were able to surround those two hundred Jackal tribe members. Since the Jackal tribe members weren’t able to react quickly enough, they were attacked twice by the undead. The two hundred Jackal tribe members were instantly defeated.

In the Beastfolk Prairie, if a human kills a beastfolk, they would be chased down by all beastfolk. If a human did it in self-defense, however, then the situation would be different and the beastfolk wouldn’t move.

After Zhao Hai released his undead, the Titan Cattle leader quickly understood that Zhao Hai could deal with the attack of the Jackal tribe. He never expected, however, that it could be solved so easily.

As a Titan Cattle prince, he had a greater understanding with regards to magicians than ordinary beastfolk. He had never seen such a magician fighting within the Beastfolk Prairie, however. After all, he lived in the Beastfolk Prairie and human magicians wouldn’t normally kill at will within the Beastfolk Prairies.

After dealing with the Jackal tribe, Zhao Hai turned his head to the young Titan Cattle tribe leader and said, “Dear beastfolk brother, we should collaborate with one another and deal with the enemies. Afterward, we can drink two cups together. How about it?”

Zhao Hai’s impression of this Titan Cattle person was quite good. When they had been in danger earlier, he had offered his help. Zhao Hai was grateful for such thoughtfulness.

As soon as the young Titan Cattle member heard what Zhao Hai said, he became stunned for a short moment. He thought over what Zhao Hai meant. While Zhao Hai wanted to help him, he also didn’t want to damage his face, so he offered his support to cooperate against the enemy—the Jackal tribe.

Although he understood Zhao Hai’s intent, the pride of the beastfolk wouldn’t let him agree so easily. Instead, he loudly said, “My human brother! I, the Titan Cattle tribe’s Wales[2], will help you exterminate those hateful dogs.”

Zhao Hai was surprised for a moment, then laughed. He liked Wales as he was very frank. Earlier, he feared Wales wouldn’t let him help, so he spoke of cooperation. He didn’t expect for Wales to be so proud that he would instead offer his help and refuse a weaker position.

The dialogue between them was clearly heard by those of the Jackal tribe, who couldn’t help but panic. They had seen the battle strength of the undead Zhao Hai had summoned and, to be honest, they weren’t very confident they could go up against that. With the addition of the Titan Cattle tribe’s three hundred warriors, they feared the situation wouldn’t go well for them.

They were about ready to make adjustments when a large number of undead suddenly appeared. These undead were just like the hundred undead that Zhao Hai had summoned previously. They were magic beasts and were a thousand in number. Those undead easily surrounded the two thousand Jackal tribe cavalry.

What was a cavalry’s most tragic situation? It would be when they were surrounded and lost the ability to charge out of the area. A rider that loses their ability to charge wouldn’t even be as good as infantry.

The reason why the Jackal tribe became the most notorious thieves in the prairie was due to their mounts. Their mounts were wind element magic beasts, cunning lightning jackals. These Rank Five magic beasts boasted a high degree of perception and flexibility. Because of this, the Jackal tribe could come and go like the wind throughout the entire Beastfolk Prairie and not allow others to find a trace of them.

But now they were surrounded. The mobility they had been so proud of had been sealed. The slender Jackal tribe had now truly become furnishings on a tea table, completely disastrous.

Soon enough, they found that they weren’t even furnishings on a tea table. To describe their situation more accurately, they were better suited in the kitchen where they would be diced up. They were surrounded by numerous undead and were doomed to a tragic outcome. It was so miserable that a tragedy might not even be the right word for their situation.

The Jackal tribe hurriedly tried to start a charge, but they didn’t know how they would deal with this situation. Zhao Hai then issued the attack and the thousand large undead began to assault the Jackal tribe.

Upon seeing the situation, Wales couldn’t help but be surprised for a moment. He quickly recovered and naturally wouldn’t miss such an opportunity to hit back against those dogs. Wales immediately issued the order to attack.

The Titan Cattle warriors had been surrounded and attacked by the Jackal tribe and their hearts had been continuously aggrieved to death. When they heard Wales’ order to attack, they shouted loudly and bristled as though they’d taken stimulants. They called for their mounts and road on the backs of the bulls, charging straight toward the Jackal tribe.

A Titan Cattle warrior’s mount wasn’t a stoneskin cattle. While stoneskin cattles were very powerful and had high defensive capabilities, they weren’t quick so they weren’t the best mount to use as cavalry. As such, what they used as mounts were instead magic beasts called earth-traversing cattle[3].

Earth-traversing cattles were Rank Five magic beasts and weren’t slow. They also had good defensive capabilities. In addition to their high strength, they became the most suitable mount for the Titan Cattle warriors. Earth-traversing cattles were not related by blood to the Titan Cattle tribe, but rather, it was the stoneskin cattle. The problem was that they killed stoneskin cattles and absorbed the magic beast soul from them. Herding blood-related magic beasts for such a task was an exceptional case within the Beastfolk Prairie.

In the Beastfolk Prairie, the beastfolk generally used their own blood-related magic beasts as mounts. There were, however, a few tribes like the Titan Cattle tribe who used other magic beasts like earth-traversing cattle as mounts instead of blood-related magic beasts.

Zhao Hai watched the charge of the Titan Cattle warriors. He had to admit that Titan Cattle warriors were truly a force to be reckoned with. Hands down, they did a great deal more damage than the heavy cavalry recorded from Earth. Imagine an army of massive warriors wielding hundred kilogram heavy war axes as they charged forth… this is what that concept was like.

Chinese martial arts community had a saying. A genuine weapon is swung, and one tael[4] equals one jin[5]. That is to say, a heavy weapon weighing one jin would increase the strength of the wielder and become ten jin of strength when it’s being swung. In ancient China, however, charging cavalry used swords that weren’t for swinging, but were instead flat and thin. They instead borrowed the force of the horse while atop the saddle to kill the enemy. Along with this, warriors in the prairies of China would use sickles[6], and the charge of a sickle-wielding cavalry was very lethal[7].

The Titan Cattle tribe’s charge, however, didn’t just involve them swinging their weapons. These were a hundred kilogram heavy weapons. Along with the power given off from the cattle they rode, just how much force could that axe possess? Zhao Hai really couldn’t come up with an estimate.

Zhao Hai was also a military otaku, so he knew of these things. The reason why ancient cavalry didn’t swing their weapons was because it would dislocate their shoulders. As such, when an ancient cavalry charge began, they used a long weapon. This kind of weapon couldn’t be held with one hand, but they could tuck the shaft beneath their arms.

During this time, common cavalrymen used spears. Once they pierced the enemy they would have to pull the spear back in order to make it useable again. Otherwise, the spear would directly break.

This was how ancient Chinese riders did their assault. While this method of assault was similar for foreign knights, those knights wore heavy armor and held a straight lance. While they changed, they must pay attention to the wooden lance in their hands. So long as they hit the enemy, the lance would snap. If the cavalry had good riding skills, then the lance would only have snapped at the tip and would still be useable.

A Chinese spear considered his problem, however, and the shaft of the spear wasn’t made entirely of wood. Instead, the spear would be wrapped around tightly with strips and resemble modern times steel wire ropes. It wouldn’t just be tough, but incomparably hard. When used to attack an enemy, the cavalryman could just use a bit of force to shrug the enemy off the shaft. Like this, after impact, the horse could keep its balance and avoid having to back up and die. The spear’s shaft in this case wouldn’t break[8].

It could be said that Earth’s ancient cavalry didn’t use the power of a human, but a horse’s strength. This time, the assault of the Titan Cattle cavalry used not only the earth-traversing cattle, but also their own strength, increasing their might greatly.

Naturally, the humans on the Ark Continent would have better bodies than those on Earth. Of course, the plants in the Ark Continent had an abundance of magic elements. Along with the natural qi in the air, it was a lot better compared with Earth. Since this was the case, the people living on the Ark Continent would have better physiques than those on Earth. They could achieve matters that the humans on Earth couldn’t.

The assault of the Titan Cattle tribe cavalry could be called, if Zhao Hai were to put it to words, beautiful. A brutal beauty, the beauty of power, the beauty of slaughter.

With the assault of the three hundred earth-traversing cattle cavalry, the fight had basically finished. While the charge didn’t exterminate the Jackal tribe completely, they did take down four hundred of them. The remaining Jackal tribe members were killed by the undead Zhao Hai had summoned.

After their assault, the three hundred earth-traversing cattle cavalry returned to camp, eyeing the corpses of those Jackal tribe members outside

It wasn’t that they hadn’t seen corpses before, just that these warriors protecting Wales hadn’t been in many battles. They sighed as they wouldn’t have expected that the two thousand large Jackal tribe cavalry would be unexpectedly destroyed just like that.

At this moment, a large amount of black smog enveloped the battlefield. When the black smog dispersed, the battlefield was cleaned up. The only thing that remained were the trampled grass of the earlier fight. No one would be able to believe that there had just been a battlefield here.

At this time, Zhao Hai’s caravan slowly moved toward the camp. Once their carriage was twenty meters, Zhao Hai and Laura walked out and slowly approached Wales. The earth-traversing cattle wanted to block their paths, but Wales shouted for them to stand down.

Zhao Hai led Laura and the other two women until they were two meters from Wales. They then made their greetings with straight chest towards Wales. “Brother Wales, hello. Zhao Hai offers the most sincere blessing to you.”

Wales also straightened his chest and grasped Zhao Hai, laughing as he said, “Brother Zhao Hai, you are truly a great magician. You easily and unexpectedly defeated the Jackal tribe with your magic. Starting today, you are a close friend of this Wales.”

Zhao Hai wasn’t able to adapt easily to Wales’ enthusiasm. After he broke free of Wales’ hug with great difficulty, he panted for air as he said, “Brother Wales, you shouldn’t hug me like that. I almost died by your hands.”

When Zhao Hai said those words, the beastfolk around them began to laugh. They started to like Zhao Hai because he spoke sincerely, not like those other hypocritical humans.

Laura and the other two also smiled. They were currently facing the beastfolk. When compared to humans where they needed to act reserved, it was more comfortable around the beastfolk. This wasn’t something they’d have imagined happening.

* * *

Footnotes:

[1]Please read the Announcement Post

[2] 威尔斯 - Wēi ěr sī.

[3]土行牛 - Tǔ xíng niú.

[4]One tael(两) is about 50 grams…

[5]Since one jin equals half a kilogram, it’ll be 50 grams (tael) to 500 grams (jin). So a 1 to 10 conversion. Hey, the raws actually matched these measurements!

[6]Common farming implement in old China… methinks. In Europe it would be pitchforks? Dunno why I’m commenting.

[7]Take everything this paragraph said with a grain of salt. I have no idea and just made it so that it sounds legit.

[8]No idea if this is true in the least. No idea if the paragraph is correct. And lastly, no idea why author went into a history lesson.





Credits





Translator: Blue Silver Translations / Trung Nguyen / novelstravel / shif





Epub: Estevam / dotNOVEL





