Castle of Black Iron


Citadel of Black Iron • COBI • 黑铁之堡





After the Catastrophe, every rule in the world was rewritten.

In the Age of Black Iron, steel, iron, steam engines and fighting force became the crux in which human beings depended on to survive.

A commoner boy by the name Zhang Tie was selected by the gods of fortune and was gifted a small tree which could constantly produce various marvelous fruits. At the same time, Zhang Tie was thrown into the flames of war, a three-hundred-year war between the humans and monsters on the vacant continent. Using crystals to tap into the potentials of the human body, one must cultivate to become stronger.

The thrilling legends of mysterious clans, secrets of Oriental fantasies, numerous treasures and legacies in the underground world — All in the Castle of Black Iron!



Author(s):Drunken Tiger, 醉虎

Artist(s):Drunken Tiger, 醉虎

Year: 0

Country: China

Genres:Action, Comedy, Ecchi, Fantasy, Harem, Martial Arts, Mature, Xuanhuan

Tags:Army Building, Charming Protagonist, Cultivation, Cunning Protagonist, Demons, Determined Protagonist, Fellatio, Game Elements, Gods, Handsome Male Lead, Hard-Working Protagonist, Harem-seeking Protagonist, Kingdom Building, Legendary Artifacts, Love Interest Falls in Love First, Magic, Magical Space, Male Protagonist, Masturbation, Monsters, Nationalism, Nobles, Perverted Protagonist, Politics, Polygamy, Poor Protagonist, Poor to Rich, Post-apocalyptic, Pragmatic Protagonist, Pregnancy, Racism, Romantic Subplot, Shameless Protagonist, Time Skip, Wars, Zombies

Translator(s): Qidian International



* * *



ASIANOVEL VERSION: 3.0

EPUB VERSION: 2.0

UUID: 6ad45550-1428-11e9-9134-7b139ff6535a

USER: deathmaze025

DATE CREATED: 2019-01-09

LANGUAGE: English



* * *



More info and chapters: https://www.asianovel.com/series/castle-of-black-iron





Chapter 1




After raining over night, the breathless coal ash was cleaned off. Rarely breathing fresh air, Zhang Tie walked alone on the road to school. "It should be more azure without the black smoke rising from the towering chimneys into the sky," he thought while absent-mindedly striding over the black puddles on the cement ground. After it rained, the remaining water on the ground was black and smelt like the coal ash in the mill areas. While this city brought people a sense of safety, it also brought the feeling of being bound and the feeling of congestion. Looking into the distance, Zhang Tie found the huge chimneys to be pretty dazzling under the crystal blue sky.

Teacher said that chimneys symbolized human civilization and guaranteed the prosperity and survival of human beings. Those upright chimneys, however, reminded Zhang Tie of his p*nis and the black smoke his seminal fluid. They polluted air like how the liquid polluted his underwear. Although he couldn't remember who was in his dream last night, for the third time this week, he could feel something sticky inside his underwear. In this age that severely lacked living necessities, Zhang Tie only had four pairs of underwear. Two pairs were tailored from his father's torn sweaters, while the other two were his brother's hand-me-downs. As it was always raining these days, two pairs of his underwear were still wet, including the current one. He only had the last half-dried one left; therefore, he had no other choice but to go to school miserably in this pair of underwear.

The half-wet, coarse cloth turned hard and felt uncomfortable in the trousers. As a result, he always felt pain on his d*ck. It also felt very cold; Zhang Tie couldn't help but shiver. What was more was the 15-year old's d*ck got damaged. What torture!

It was said that human society owned rich materials before the Catastrophe. In that age, underwear was sold by the dozen. Moreover, many precious articles like cigarettes, wine, meat, and as well as various rare and eccentric goods could be easily bought from a place called the supermarket. At that time, an ordinary man could afford 40-70kgs of rice or wheat through a day of labor, which was enough for him to live for half to one month, or perhaps even longer. It was also said that a mysterious energy called "electricity" was made; human beings could use it to do many unimaginable things. Additionally, people also invented many great weapons which made them the only ruler on the celestial body. They were so arrogant that they held everything else in contempt. Unfortunately, what waited for the heyday was the Catastrophe.

Zhang Tie always thought that even the gods could not stand the unending greed of humans; therefore, it launched the Catastrophe and created the Star of God. As punishment, the gods beat human beings back from their peak into a simpler age. As a result, human beings lost all the magical powers brought by science and technology. They had neither electricity, nuclear power, explosives, nor those amazing weapons. According to the most accepted saying, there was some particle in the unknown rays carried by the Star of God that greatly changed all micro components of the substances on the celestial body. Take the original star as a pot of plain water. Once the almighty god or any celestial beings found human beings uncomfortable, they could spray a hand of salt or pepper powder onto it casually, and as a result, the plain water was no longer plain. Likewise, the star was not the very same either.

After the catastrophe, what people felt was fortunate might be that steel and iron were still as hard as before; they could be used to cast into cutleries, swords, and armors for the army. Black coal was still combustible; they could still bring light, heat, and energy to human beings. In other words, everything made from the above two such as cutleries, swords, armor, thermal energy, and steam engines would be the last dependence of human beings in this age…

It was more than a 40 minutes' walk distance between home and school. Zhang Tie had to go through the slums in the western parts of Blackhot city and the barren region at the margin of the urban mill district before he arrived at school. The name of Blackhot City originated from the Blackhot Mountain next to the city. It was said that Blackhot Mountain was one of the longest mountain ranges on Kun'ang Continent before the Catastrophe. Back then, people created an aircraft that could fly faster than sound; however, it still took the aircraft several months to fly across the range from one end to the other. Take Blackhot City for an instance. It was actually a fine branch south of the Blackhot Mountain Range. It stretched over 20,000km, a length that many people would not traverse in their whole lives.

When the Catastrophe arrived, the Kun'ang Continent, which covered hundreds of millions of square miles, was divided into pieces due to the tremendous geological and plate movements, akin to a loaf of bread being split by kids. Numerous parts formed, while the others directly disappeared. Through vicissitudes, people today could not imagine the magnificence of Blackhot Mountain and the grandeur of this vast continent. Even now, the world was still too large for everyone. The location 800km west and north of Blackhot City has yet to be explored; it was still an unknown. However, the area where Blackhot City was located, south of the Blackhot Mountain Range, covered more than 400 million square km. More than 9 billion lived here. It was a gathering of numerous countries, city-states, and clan forces; however, it was merely a slim and narrow belt on the map of the whole continent. With lofty mountains on the northernmost and westernmost regions and vast oceans on the southernmost and easternmost regions, it was the area with high population density. On the map, it was named the Blackson Human Race Corridor.

After the Catastrophe, it took human beings about 100 years to find out what happened to the planet when the Catastrophe fell. It then took the remaining people almost 100 years to recover slightly. Unexpectedly, they found that human beings were no longer the only ruler of the planet. Those eccentric demons and dark clans from underground took human beings as delicious dim sum and slaves. They made the planet dangerous and posed several challenges to the survival of human beings.

Today marked the 889th year on the Black Iron Calendar after the Catastrophe. Human survivors continued to multiply and now stood firm on the Kun'ang Continent once again. Furthermore, driven by countless steel, iron, and steaming machines, they became ambitious to further explore the planet and convince the world that they were the rightful rulers once more.

Blackhot City was younger than 40 years; it was the symbol of humankind's rejuvenation and re-ignition of ambition. It was young compared to the numerous human countries and city-states in the southern area of the Blackhot Mountain Range. Blackhot City was founded by businessmen and mill owners. As an industrial city, it occupied a seat in the Andaman City-State Alliance Parliament. Same as most emerging cities in this age, the city relied on rich resources, which included rich coal and mineral resources. The entire city and its 3 million inhabitants were depending on the rich resources from underground the city. It was ruled by the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation of Blackhot City (CSIF). Numerous steam locomotives would carry coal, steel, iron, cutleries, swords, and armors, as well as other weapons and equipment, out of this city from factories. Meanwhile, they also transported in goods from outside the city.

Under the most firm chimney was the mill where Zhang Tie's father worked. As an iron and steel mill, it almost always ran around the clock. Ever since Zhang Tie was born into this world, the chimney had been emitting black smoke. It witnessed the human's decision to rejuvenate.

When Zhang Tie arrived at school, he found that Captain Kerlin, the military officer and educational director of the school, was standing upright like an iron tower at the school gate as he usually did. Ox-egg eyes gazing at each student entering the Seventh National School of Blackhot City seriously, he was patting an iron rod like a toothpick on his other hand, which produced a frightening sound. No student dared to look at his scary face that was covered by a black eye patch. They all passed as fast as they could, with their heads lowered.

"Stop!" A poor boy standing not far from Zhang Tie was stopped. The thunder-like voice caused everyone to shiver. When they found out that they were not the one, they quickly lowered their heads and passed the gate while silently praying for the boy.

The poor boy turned pale. When he saw Captain Kerlin walking towards him, his legs shook heavily as he staggered, "Captain… Kerlin…"

As the most terrifying one-eyed man in the school, perhaps even in the whole Blackhot City, he preferred being called Captain Kerlin instead of Director Kerlin. It was a precious experience accumulated by numerous predecessors in this school at the cost of blood and tears. As Captain Kerlin could fight terrifying demons, any resistance or struggle in front of this terrifying man was in vain and would only make him more thrilled.

Silently, Captain Kerlin simply pointed at the trousers of the boy with the iron stick in his hand.

Perhaps due to the rain, there were some mud marks on the boy's trousers; that would be seen as guilty by Captain Kerlin.

"I… I will clean it right away!"

With his wrist raised high, Captain Kerlin glanced at the shiny watch, slowly and expressionlessly. He held that pose silently for more than 10 seconds while he patted the iron stick, which produced a horrible sound,"Pah Pah".

Zhang Tie doubted that this guy aimed to just show off his valuable watch. When he patted the iron stick, it reminded Zhang Tie of a timber wolf wagging its tail.

"You know what will happen if I see you like this after school!"

"I know…I know…" the unlucky boy hurriedly rushed into school like having been remitted. When Zhang Tie was curious as to why Captain Kerlin was so kind today, unexpectedly, the one-eyed man looked at Zhang Tie's direction and rapidly arranged his mane-like hair. He stood upright, showing his well-developed pectoral muscles and made a magnificent pose. He raised his developed pectoral muscles and even shook them like a sexy lady. Besides that, a smile appeared on his ferocious face which almost frightened Zhang Tie.

"Miss Daina, good morning!"

A fragrant wind blew past Zhang Tie, as a mature and beautiful lady passed by him. Needless to say, Zhang Tie knew who was coming; the dream last night became clear now. Zhang Tie became breathless when he saw that exaggerated, undulant curve of her waist and hip from behind. With her beautiful curly brown hair, Goddess Daina entered the school gate under the thirsty look of all the male animals. The proud goddess nodded to the one-eyed man who greeted her. He instantly became thrilled, and his face turned red. As a result, the iron stick in his hand was bent, reflecting his horrible face.

Miss Daina was the very woman that all male students in the school desired to see in their dreams; they also fantasized about her when they masturbated. Her husband had died in the front lines soon after they got married. She was the goddess and the only scenery in the school. She was the flower on the cliff and the person whom Zhang Tie fell in love with secretly. She made the young beasts live an enthusiastic life.

"In two more years, I can afford a house downtown!" shouted the one-eyed man towards her back like a lion in heat — No, a disgusting and horny boar. Zhang Tie would even like to kill and replace him when he thought of the scene where Goddess Daina is groaning painfully under him…

"What are you looking at?" glancing at the rest of the people maliciously, the one-eyed man shouted. As a result, everybody, including Zhang Tie, lowered their heads and rolled through the school gates. Zhang Tie greedily sniffed the last fragrance in the air. That beautiful and mature figure always made Zhang Tie self-abated. He was not even brave enough to have a face-to-face look at her. If Goddess Daina was a noble and beautiful swan flying elegantly over the tranquil lake, then Zhang Tie felt that he would be a wild duckling that fell into a quagmire full of coal ash. Lowering his head, Zhang Tie gazed at the pair of old leather boots and became somewhat frustrated. What could a poor student like him give to Goddess Daina? Even Captain Kerlin was striving for her? **? How long would it take him to live downtown with high city walls like Captain Kerlin? Thirty or forty years? Thinking of this, Zhang Tie suddenly turned blue. However, the very thing inside his trousers, once again, became hard once he sniffed the fragrance of a mature female in the air…

On the stony wall before him, several words were carved into it — WELCOME TO THE AGE OF BLACK IRON.



* * *





Chapter 2




The Seventh National School in Blackhot City was a standard male school; there were literally no female students in the school. Courses for male students were completely different from those for female students. For the purpose of conserving resources and increasing teaching efficiency, boys and girls were separated into different schools after five years' compulsory preliminary education in the same school. All courses in the school for males were for survival. Each young man entering school should accumulate their survival assets in the fastest speed and at the least cost! Each graduate had no graduation certificate at all; the best certificate was surviving in this world. Thus, each course in the school was closely related to your survival. In the male school, besides learning basic Chinese, laws, and math, they also had to learn skills like taking care of seeds, making it mature, and turning grains into food. In contrast, education in the female school would be more human-friendly with courses like music, literature, cooking, fine arts, and dance.

How to use all resources near you and turn them into basic survival tools.

How to use convenient resources and build the simplest house.

How to identify and avoid attacks from dangerous wild animals.

How to make basic medicines with wild plants.

How to deal with several common diseases.

How to use weapons.

How to increase your own physical strength...

After eight years' national compulsory education, 99% of common graduates would leave school and enter society. They had to start their own lives. If you had learned well at school, you could be a tenant with a hoe, a worker inside a factory, or a soldier in the army —or the food of alien clans or cannon fodder, although you have a little training. The national education spirit in the Age of Black Iron was to cultivate survivors instead of wild animal wastes, in the most efficient means and at the least cost.

Of course, same as before the Catastrophe, compulsory education in this age was not the greatest. After eight years' compulsory education, only a few elite students with a strong background or exceptional talents were qualified to learn more professional knowledge and receive true elite education in more senior and mysterious places. Naturally, Blackhot City didn't have any senior elite colleges at all since it was founded by a group of businessmen and mill owners. It only had an ordinary commercial school which was already much-in-demand for commoners.

Only the human cities with deeper cultural deposits and core agglomerations owned true elite colleges; however, they had strict enrollment conditions that only one in ten thousand students could be enrolled. To put it simply, the Seventh National School in Blackhot City had one thousand graduates each year. Despite this, for eight consecutive years, it failed to cultivate a single graduate that was qualified to enter a true elite college. Eight years ago, a Chinese talent named Li Shizhen was selected by the Continental Alchemists Trade Union. He was directly taken away after graduation. The man became the pride of the entire school, and as a result, his personal photo was hung in the exhibition room of the school for eight years. In each general assembly, the headmaster would always talk about Li Shizhen's glorious past. The other two photos that were hung together with Li Shizhen's photo were both legendary graduates from the school. The high-end education in this age was definitely true elite education. By contrast, the enrollment size of ten million students a year in national high-end colleges before the Catastrophe was utterly a myth. Knowledge in this age was unexpectedly expensive and was only mastered by the minorities, a few clans, powerful schools, and all shrines and churches. Only the true elites could have the opportunity to touch that.

Although Zhang Tie worked hard at school, he failed to become an elite or a lucky dog in this age where everyone was striving for survival. As none of Zhang Tie's family members or relatives were big figures, Zhang Tie was also common in every aspect. He was not the worst, good, elite, or crap. If it went on like this, Zhang Tie felt that he would have to follow in his father's steps. He might look for safe and stable work after serving the military. He would strive to be a common worker in a city mill and marry a diligent woman with a common look. He would have several kids and work hard like an ant for the food of the whole family until one day, he would lie in bed, almost dead, recalling his miserable and dark life like a tiny screw in this age and missing the beautiful ladies like Goddess Daina whom he had met, but never slept with. Then he would raise his quivering hand and raise his middle finger towards this motherf*cking age before kicking the bucket…

Zhang Tie couldn't help but shiver when this thought came to mind. He entered the classroom and swore to never live such a life. Although he had long made such a decision, he especially reminded himself to live long enough to have gold coins and sleep with enough beautiful women. If one day he had to pass away, Zhang Tie hoped for such a scene: a great number of beautiful and sexy ladies would weep for him, perhaps even die for him. Meanwhile, many disobedient children and grandchildren couldn't help but chuckle to themselves, or even LOL, that thankfully, the old man kicked the bucket.

Zhang Tie imagined that he might also live those big figures' lives one day — dozens of pairs of underwear in the cabinet, dozens of pairs of new leather shoes, meat in each meal, and a personal maid with plump, sexy breasts and butts...

Zhang Tie always thought this way. He always thought that no big figures would worry about food and clothes. However, it was unreachable like an ugly duckling rolling in a quagmire yet dreamed of being a giant dragon.

About ten minutes before the technical class, when Zhang Tie entered the classroom, he found several beasts peering out the windows with one hand rubbing fast. Some of them even slightly groaned. Zhang Tie looked out a window, and what impressed him was Goddess Daina's plump breasts as she passed by the flower terrace with her slim and supple figure…

Zhang Tie swallowed his saliva…

"Bastards!"

"Bighead, what's up! Come on! Let's enjoy it..." the acne-covered guy who was rubbing his d*ck out of his trousers turned around and suggested Zhang Tie "sincerely".

"No, I saw Captain Kerlin heading for our classroom. You keep enjoying it!"

Hearing this, everyone stopped and turned pale. Their d*cks shrunk in a speed that could be identified by naked eyes, like deflating balloons. Then the classroom was in general turmoil. Several people's flesh, even the pubic hair, was caught by the zippers. Therefore, howls and wails spread throughout the classroom. God bless. Zhang Tie would bet that Captain Kerlin would definitely rush in and break their eggs if he knew what was happening in the classroom…

Everyone instantly returned and pretended to stand in front of their operating tables. All of a sudden, the classroom became quiet. Zhang Tie also went to his operating table and cleaned it casually. He then started to check whether the tools on it were well arranged. Ten minutes soon elapsed. When the bell rang and the teacher walked into the classroom with a large amount of things in hand, Captain Kerlin still hadn't shown himself. Relaxing, those bastards glared at Zhang Tie, although they dared not to be presumptuous in the classroom.

The teacher was a 50-odd year bald man; he always looked gloomy and spoke as little as possible. However, no one dared to look down on him, as the old man once made a pile of waste into a small, single-cylinder streaming machine in a single morning by using several simple tools in front of them. The streaming machine started to rotate when a fire basket was put on it. Besides the old man, every teacher in this age was great.

As usual, when the bald man entered the classroom, he wrote "man-made spiral spring" on the blackboard. He then began his lessons, and after that, he left formulas and relevant data on the spring winding ratio, compressive slenderness ratio, core diameter, and tensile strength and designated people to distribute his steel wires. Each student received three steel wires. Their work this morning was to casually manufacture three kinds of spiral springs. Receiving the steel wires, everybody started to work on their own operating table. Those bastards looked totally different from before since they were striving for their survival now. The bald man walked out of the classroom with a glass of water in hand.

The largest difference between human beings and the powerful beasts and alien clans that only knew how to massacre was that human beings could create and use tools. Springs, although tiny, were applied in many areas. Undoubtedly, creating springs by hand became a survival skill.

Getting his own steel wires, Zhang Tie thought for a while and got an idea. He kept the formulas in mind and measured his three steel wires in different lengths and thicknesses. Then, he started to calculate on a writing board. Finally, he had decided the shape of the three springs. Namely, a simple column compression spring, a concave type compression spring, and a column-type torsion spring with a round hook...



* * *





Chapter 3




Each operating table was an iron desk that was longer than a meter. A rotary vice clamp was fixed on one end of each iron desk, and tools were placed in the tool slot at the front of the desk. The tools included: a hand saw, file, hammer, chisel, screw tap, incisor, straight steel ruler, divider calipers, scratch awl, and vernier calipers. On the other end of the table, there was a set of pedal-type grinder and an anvil that was placed beside the grinders.

This was the most common and the cheapest operating table that was meant for apprentices. It was said that each senior operating tables was matched with a steam-powered module and a melting furnace. As for the experienced workers, a senior operating table was enough because they could make almost everything on it.

With his plan in mind, Zhang Tie instantly put on his work uniform and put on his protective goggles. He then started with the largest steel wire. As he had no special steel wire control panel, he had to utilize the existing tools to process it. After fixing the steel wire and the wooden board onto the jaw vice, he placed the core well inside and fixed one head of the steel wire onto it. After rotating it in the clockwise manner carefully, he checked and found no problems, thus he continued to rotate it.

Generally, it was not that hard. After a while, Zhang Tie had almost finished his first spring. He counted the number of spring circles and cut off the excess circles on the anvil. He then grinded the two burry ends of the steel wire with the grinder, and finally, the simplest column-type spring was made. He tested it and found it to be truly flexible. Zhang Tie's spirit rose as he finished the remaining two springs easily. It took him a bit more time to complete the round hook. By comparison, when Zhang Tie was working hard on a round hook with a chisel, someone else had already finished three springs.

Finally, the bald man walked inside and answered the questions of the students who raised their hands. He checked each student's three works and explained tempering heat treatment on the springs. He emphasized that the ends of the springs should be round and tightened. He then solved problems regarding the coiling of springs and the creation of internal and external torque arm tools. The students then had another try. Three hours in the morning soon passed in this fashion…

The students ate lunch in the school cafeteria. This was also a benefit of the school, although the food was not that good. They often saw no oil for a couple of weeks, and the food could only sated their hunger, but was not enough to fill them. Even then, the crowd that rushed towards the cafeteria at lunch time was really horrible.

According to the arrangements of the school, cafeterias were divided by grades, and even the number of diners was fixed. As the number of dining plates was always less than the number of students in each grade's cafeteria, there were always some people with bad luck that failed to get their lunch at each noon. As a result, they would directly pass out on the playground where they accepted military skills training in the afternoon. Zhang Tie himself had encountered this occasion twice. From then on, he deeply understood the first rule in the Age of Black Iron, namely striving to fill his stomach.

The only rule in the school cafeteria was to line up; therefore, if you didn't want to be part of the starved group, you would have to line up as soon as possible. Besides that, you should also be strong enough in case of aggression from others. Certainly, luck was also very important.

Take this time for instance.

Zhang Tie was standing in the middle of the line. After three hours' classes, the group of fifteen or sixteen-year-old male students were starved. The line was already long, while many students continued to join in. Thankfully, Zhang Tie slipped away extremely fast after class. Otherwise, he might have had no food today. When the slowest students arrived at the end of the line gloomily, the students at the front had already gotten their lunch and were ready to eat it. Right then, the noisy school cafeteria suddenly became quiet. Zhang Tie looked back and found a group of people led by Glaze swaggering over. Although they arrived last, they didn't line up at all. Instead, they strutted directly to the front of the line. Seeing this group, the students who had just received the dining plates turned pale.

F*ck, disgusting craps. They do this every noon! Zhang Tie verbally abused inwardly.

"Ho ho, sorry to trouble you today!" They swaggered in front of the students who were receiving lunch. Speaking kindly, they showed off an arrogant air with their heads raised and nose towards the sky. They crossed their arms while showing a smile of ridicule. They looked at the students, whose faces had already turned pale, like what a cat would do to a mouse.

"Mother f*ckers! They're really arrogant!" Zhang Tie abused in a low voice.

"You can also be arrogant and grab others' food like them if you are able to beat them!"

"It's said that Glaze has already passed the examination and is qualified to be a LV 2 soldier. Two surging points inside him have already been ignited. Seventh National Middle School has not seen such a great figure for many years!"

TL note: The more surging points ignited, the greater the soldier would be.

"He was just born strong; he has nothing to be proud of. They are just simple-minded guys with well-developed limbs. Are they attracting the school party in this naive method just to gain a recommendation?"

"Humph… humph… no more jealousy. He's born with that exceptional aptitude, and they are much stronger than us, so we should stay away from them..."

"He has a great dad, a big figure in the CSIF!"

"Big figure? Pah! He's just a head guard !"

"Naturally, those behind him are also big figures!"

"I will never concede to that motherf*cker! No matter the reason!"

"They will beat you when you walk out the school gate, and it will take you one month to get up. Isn't that enough of a reason?"

When the people beside Zhang Tie discussed in a low voice, the boys being grabbed walked over dejectedly. When seeing the unlucky fellows, some showed looks of sympathy, while others looked cold. However, nobody dared to comfort them, not even with a single word. Each student at the school had to strive for themselves. This was why the cafeteria was several dining plates short everyday. If you didn't fight for yourself, nobody would fight for you. As for the weak people, they had no options. They either had to surrender to humiliation or suffer from nosebleeds and broken bones.

The gloomy and embarrassed passersby reminded Zhang Tie of something. What would I do if it were me? What if they grab away my beloved Goddess Daina instead of just a dining plate? What would I do? Zhang Tie suddenly became worried. It seemed that he had already seen the desperate and weeping face of Goddess Daina. The teenager felt painful inside.

Never...

The youth growled inside like a beast.

...

The second floor of the cafeteria was for teachers. There were also several pairs of eyes peering over from behind the glass wall.

"LV 2 soldier. He was so powerful in front of those kids. Glaze himself could easily beat a dozen of them easily. He has such a physical advantage!"

"The group led by Glaze was composed of four people. By comparison, there were several hundred people behind them. They simply understood half of patient teachers' lessons and had learned how to compete and fight for their own lives, but they ignored the other half — teamwork, which was extremely critical to their survival..."

"This is the difference between human beings and beasts. No matter how weak they are, weak individuals can be powerful enough to take down a strong beast once they have united."

"They might understand this in the future, but not now..."

"I will see who among them can realize it first!"

The voices behind the glass wall gradually became unclear amidst the sounds of friction from the forks and knifes and the crunching of food.

Although Zhang Tie had no appetite, he still ate his poor lunch. He then queued up and seriously washed his dining plates and dinnerwares under a water faucet. After giving them back to the cafeteria, he felt somewhat frustrated, as the desperate and weeping face of Daina constantly appeared in his mind as if it truly had happened. He walked away with his head lowered; he became more depressed whenever he occasionally noticed the pair of heavily worn leather shoes with two patches on it. When he walked into the woods close to the school, he found himself surrounded by several people.

"Are you still satisfied with what you did to us this morning?" A fist had already landed on his stomach before he had realized. Zhang Tie almost vomited his lunch. Bending over painfully, Zhang Tie finally realized what was happening. "F*ck! I'm surrounded by them. I already noticed their hostility in class, I shouldn't have forgotten that."

"Beat him!" the moment he bent over Zhang Tie heard this voice, he found a pair of feet in front of him. Without thinking, he instantly tried his best to hug the pair of feet, and surprisingly, he knocked him over. Zhang Tie then quickly threw himself onto the opponent and punched the boy's nose before that he had realized what was happening. As a result, the guy fell flat on his back...



* * *





Chapter 4




In the woods at school, Zhang Tie was wrestling with that guy for a while before he got on top and punched him twice. Right then, he felt a great force hit him from behind, and Zhang Tie was kicked away from the boy under him by another foot.

In response to the force, Zhang Tie rolled forward along the direction of the force and instantly stood up by using "Carp Jump". Carp Jump was a martial arts skill where a man would use the force generated by his legs, waist, and stomach to stand up when he is lying on the ground. The moment he stood up, he noticed two people pouncing towards him from both sides simultaneously. Zhang Tie kicked the person on the right; however, the boy was agile and instantly leaned his body while raising his leg at the same time to block Zhang Tie's kick. Feeling the pain, the boy grimaced and grabbed Zhang Tie's right hand by using both hands. Zhang Tie threw a punch at the boy with his left hand, but another pair of hands seized Zhang Tie's left hand the moment he sent it out. The moment he wanted to struggle, a heavy kick landed on his stomach, and Zhang Tie instantly lost his will to fight.

The whole fight ended within thirty seconds. It was predictable; Zhang Tie fought six adversaries alone without any preparation while his opponents attacked him after delicate planning. Compared to the other six people, the yellow-skinned and black-haired Zhang Tie was evidently weaker. He was 175cm in height and 15 years of age. By contrast, among the attackers, even the shortest among them was as tall as Zhang Tie, while the tallest one was taller than 180cm and was 1.5 times as heavy as Zhang Tie. This was the difference between races.

Bending over, Zhang Tie continued to vomit as his two arms were held up by his attackers. The attackers groaned and rubbed the areas where Zhang Tie had previously hit them before they surrounded Zhang Tie. The boy who Zhang Tie hit ferociously also stood up. All of a sudden, the boy felt something salty and wet in his mouth, and when he touched it, he noticed that he was bleeding from his nose which caused his hand to be dyed with blood. Being irritated, he strode forward and punched Zhang Tie in the nose as revenge for what Zhang Tie did to him. As a result, Zhang Tie was dazed as his nose ached. He felt a salty liquid instantly cover the inside of his throat from his nasal cavity. Zhang Tie instantly coughed. "Motherf*cker," Zhang Tie cursed inwardly, "what a quick revenge!"

Soon after, the rest of the group began to punch and kick him ferociously. Zhang Tie suffered from more than 10 punches and kicks. Had he not been supported, he would have long fallen to the ground. Zhang Tie kept gasping for air; he felt like a suffocating fish that had been thrown into the sand. He didn't even have enough strength to move his fingers.

A boy intended to give Zhang Tie another punch, but his hand was held back by another person.

"That's enough, Doug. His nose will be fully broken with another punch. It will be trouble if he's disfigured!"

"Yeah, we made a deal. No more punches and don't kill him. Motherf*cker, the zipper tore off my hair this morning. It's still aching now…" explained the guy who held Zhang Tie's right hand.

"Bighead has average performance during the usual paired exercises. Unexpectedly, the two of us alone might not have been enough to control him today!" said Barley, the most goddamned horny fatty in the class and the one who had suggested Zhang Tie to enjoy the view this morning. The acne covered boy was the founder and organizer of the jerk-off campaign and was one of the most infamous scums in his grade at Seventh National Male Middle School. He had stolen his father's money and sought for a prostitute to end his virgin status. He always treated this as glory and showed off constantly in front of others.

Doug hurriedly rolled paper into slim columns and inserted them into his nostrils to stop the bleeding. Raising his head, he pointed at his nose madly and showed the wounds to the others. "F*ck, you're not as wounded as me. How do I have such damn bad luck…"

He gave another punch to Zhang Tie's stomach in anger. As a result, Zhang Tie completely poured out his lunch like a fountain; a great amount of wet and steaming vomit sprayed onto Doug's head. The others were stunned. Looking at Doug, who had paper columns still inside his nostrils, being sprayed by Zhang Tie's vomit caused everyone's face to twitch. Everyone tried to control the compulsion to laugh out. The two helpers beside Doug also moved back two steps with their hands pinching their noses. Similarly, the two men who were clasping Zhang Tie's arms also let him go instantly. They were really afraid of being sprayed on by Zhang Tie when he turned his head around.

"Argh…" screamed Doug weirdly before he rushed away in an unprecedented speed.

Seeing Doug run away, the five other guys began to laugh out loudly. Zhang Tie recovered his composure after vomiting; he gasped for air and struggled to stand up. Noticing this, the two guys closest to him became alert and moved one step back. They were afraid of being sprayed on by Zhang Tie, who, at that point, could not even walk.

Zhang Tie stood to attention quiveringly and gazed at the bear-sized figure behind the group. He squeezed out a smile as he said, "Captain Kerlin…"

"Haha, you plan to attack us when we turn around? Bighead, do you think we're idiots? You read too many crap novels about knights!"

"Do you want another beating!?"

"Too young, too naive! We have not used that trick for many years…" the pudgy Barley grinned shamelessly as he shrugged his shoulders with jumping fat.

"Really?" a horrible voice was heard behind them. All of a sudden, the five pleasant individuals were like frozen Mandarin ducks. Being rigid all over, their faces turned pale, and they kept sweating, as their legs begun to shake. Zhang Tie was really amazed at the series of difficult performances and movements in such a short period of time. Hearing Captain Kerlin's voice, Zhang Tie looked calm, yet his brain spun rapidly...

With his arms crossed, the most terrifying one-eyed man in Blackhot City wandered out from the woods behind them. Although he only had one eye, the way he gazed at people was like how a timber wolf would when they stared at chicks.

"Ca… Ca… Captain Kerlin!" the five people staggered in unison.

"What happened?" raising his head, Captain Kerlin asked with his nose facing the sky.

"We are… are…" staggered Barley, who was stopped by Captain Kerlin with a crude look.

"Shut up, it's not your turn to speak!" Captain Kerlin stared at them with wide eyes and pointed at the miserable Zhang Tie with a finger as strong as a wooden club. "You! Tell me what happened!"

Hearing Captain Kerlin ask Zhang Tie, the group of five instantly turned blue. They were scared to death. With eyes opened widely, they stared at Zhang Tie full of fear,sadness and despair. If Zhang Tie told the truth, Barley dared to bet with his ass that when the captain knew that his beloved goddess was dirtied by some students this way, he would definitely make them impotent for the rest of their lives. Because of the special education system and courses, Blackhot City allowed a couple of injuries or deaths each year in each national middle school with no one who would claim responsibility for them.

"Yes sir, Captain Kerlin. We were betting…" Zhang Tie made a decision inside. He considered fights between boys in the male middle school to be normal. In the recent years, he had fought with others many times. Although he suffered a little bit this time, it was still fine. After all, his father always taught him to forgive other people, and once he did, he would insist that they need to compensate him for what they did.

"Betting…?" Captain Kerlin frowned slightly and looked at the innocent Zhang Tie. He then turned and stared at the rest of the five, "He said you were betting, is that true?"

Betting? Of course, the five nodded like chicks who had been starved for three days.

"How were you betting? What was the wager? You want to lie in front of your smart Captain?" Captain Kerlin gazed at Zhang Tie.

"We made a bet that if they failed to beat me together, then I can beat them back and take all the money in their pockets! I've won the bet, so I invite Captain Kerlin to be the witness and do the righteous thing for me…" Barley and the rest gazed at Zhang Tie and finally became relaxed. Some of them started to curse inwardly, "He's still scheming for our money at this critical moment!"

Zhang Tie strode forward towards them while cleaning his nose. He then punched and kicked each one of them on the nose and stomach respectively in front of Captain Kerlin. In an instant, the noses of the five continued to bleed with their heads lowered to the ground. They groaned painfully, yet no one dared to fight back.

When the five stood up, Zhang Tie stretched out his hands in front of them and twiddled his thumbs with his index finger. Everyone knew the meaning of this…

Getting paid for beating others, what a wonderful life!



* * *





Chapter 5




Under the glare of Captain Kerlin, the five had no choice but to take out the money from their pockets. The least contributed was five copper coins while the most contributed was ten copper coins. Zhang Tie put the coins into his pocket without any hesitation. When it was Barley's turn, the damned fatty took out nine copper coins from his upper pocket and said while shaking and presenting an embarrassed but flattering smile, "You win…"

Looking at Barley furiously, Zhang Tie didn't say anything. He didn't move back his hand at all. "Are you sure that was all of your money? You know what the wager was. All of it, all of it..." Zhang Tie stressed the three words. They had been classmates for several years. Zhang Tie naturally knew how much the damned fatty had since he was always the richest among them and always took groups of people to restaurants.

Barley and Zhang Tie glared at each other for a few seconds as their nose continued to bleed. Barley noticed Zhang Tie becoming increasingly confident with his raised shoulders. When Zhang Tie pretended to open his mouth to release the news, Barley's fat face finally twisted as his acne filled face turned blue. "Ho… ho… I almost forgot that I had some more…" saying this, with his eyes closed, Barley took out four shiny silver coins from his left pocket and placed them in Zhang Tie's hands.

Seeing the four silver coins, Zhang Tie also opened his mouth slightly. "I'm rich now! One silver coins is equivalent to one hundred copper coins. He might have stolen his father's money again…"

This was a "huge amount of money" for Zhang Tie; however, Captain Kerlin didn't even glance at the silver coins. With arms crossed, he kept an eye on how Zhang Tie slapped the poor guys as one of his hands continue to stroke his short mustache, which was as hard as steel needles. Zhang Tie felt a little weak under the stare of Captain Kerlin.

"Erm, interesting. Boy, what's your name?"

"Zhang Tie!"

"You were good at being beaten. You dared to bet with them in this way. Well, I'll remember you!" saying this, Captain Kerlin left right away.

"Bighead, we're even…" raising his head, Barley sat on the ground so as to reduce the nose bleed. "We beat you and you also beat us. You got our money, but you saved us. To be honest, we have to thank you!"

"You're welcome…" Zhang Tie also hurriedly took out some toilet paper from one of the trouser pockets. He rubbed the toilet paper into two columns and tucked them into his nostrils to stop the nosebleed. "After all, we're students. It's ok to fight. I also didn't want to see anything happen to you, just like how you didn't want to see anything happen to me!"

With the paper in his nose, he spoke in a low and muffled voice. It felt somewhat uncomfortable.

"Do you have more paper?" Barley stretched out a fat hand.

Zhang Tie pulled out all of his toilet paper and divided it with them. The others instantly imitated Zhang Tie's actions to stop their nosebleed. After a while, the six boys looked at each other and felt that it was very funny. A Chinese proverb came to everyone's mind at this moment, "With scallions into the nostrils, pretend to be an elephant." Motherf*cker, it was really ironic. Everyone wanted to laugh, but they didn't.

After murmuring with the others with their heads lowered, Barley solemnly said to Zhang Tie something that Zhang Tie would never have thought of before.

"After what happened today, we felt that you're good enough. Therefore, we have solemnly decided to invite you into our organization. We hope you consider it…"

"Your organization?" Zhang Tie glared at them in a doubtful manner. These craps shouldn't establish an organization. They were just a ragtag group.

Noticing Zhang Tie's doubt, the crew pretended to be magnificent. Although their depressive expressions were not persuasive at all, Zhang Tie could still feel their enthusiasm.

"Out of blows, friendship grows. We have a good opinion of you; therefore, we have decided to invite you after discussion. Don't look down on us. Saplings today might grow to be towering trees in the future. Nobody is born to be a big figure. Once we have united, we will win a place in Blackhot City sooner or later!"

The words moved Zhang Tie. Unimaginable. These guys should not be this ambitious. Compared with them, he would be the most timid one. Barley noticed that Zhang Tie was somewhat moved, so he continued, "We will graduate this year. After graduation, we basically have to serve in the army for eight years. We may encounter dangers and frustrations. It is really hard for one man to survive in this age, but brothers can always help you with whatever you meet in the future. There will always be a solution. With the help of brothers, we will not be easily bullied even in the troops!"

The last words finally moved Zhang Tie. Zhang Tie began to be interested in their organization. "What's the name of the organization?"

"Hit-Plane Brotherhood!" said Barley proudly.

Hit-Plane Brotherhood? Zhang Tie suddenly felt a chill when he thought of the scene from this morning where the group stood and masturbated in front of the windows. It was said that people had already invented an aircraft called the plane that could fly in the sky. Only god knew how and when "masturbation" became associated with planes for the numerous adolescents. Zhang Tie could never think through how the dull and boring manual single-cylinder piston movement was related to that aircraft. He felt that the most holy place in his heart was stained when the scene of the damned fatty Barley masturbating in front of the windows that faced Miss Daina came to mind.

"I'm willing to join, but you have to promise me one condition!" Zhang Tie told Barley after several seconds.

"What condition!?"

"Nobody is allowed to treat Miss Daina that way in school from now on!" the 15 year old young man felt great when he said this. Zhang Tie was a bit thrilled. No matter what, although he was weak, he could still protect Miss Daina in his own way.

"No problem, that's a deal. From today onwards, you are one of us!" the fat Barley responded frankly. It was not the first time for them to do this to Miss Daina. Even so, many animals in the school were doing the same thing every day; however, after today's event, the crew also realized what they did this morning was too risky. It was truly over for them if they were seen by Captain Kerlin. It was not an excessive condition while at school. No matter what, no one would stop them if they did that at home.

Zhang Tie joined the Hit-Plane Brotherhood in this fashion. The crew's spirit rose with their new member. They seemed to have forgotten what had happened just now. Zhang Tie also didn't intend to give them their money back. He had made this decision, and if this damned fatty Barley asked for him to pay back in the name of the brotherhood, then he would instantly leave this motherf*cking brotherhood. Zhang Tie also understood the other members, which included Barley, Doug, Sharwin, Bagdad, Leit, and Hista. He was familiar with them as they were all classmates. The only contemporary rule in the Hit-Plane Brotherhood was being confidential about all situations regarding the brotherhood. They had no boss, and all decisions were determined through discussions.

What amazed Zhang Tie was that the brotherhood was divided into different ranks ever since it was founded several months ago. Everybody agreed with the rules and considered it to be very fair. Barley naturally enjoyed the highest rank. According to Hista's explanation, Barley might be the largest contributor to the brotherhood; therefore, only Barley was qualified to be a Lv 2 member which meant Barley himself could vote twice each time. Consequently, a Lv 3 member could vote three times. As for Zhang Tie, since he was a new member, with the exception of Barley, he was only qualified to vote once like the others.

When walking out of the woods, the fat Barley looked at Zhang Tie and hesitantly said, "That… the money…"

"It's mine!" Covering his pockets, Zhang Tie looked at Barley in an alert manner.

The damned fatty scratched his head embarrassingly with a bitter smile, "It's fine. Let doug wait for another couple of days…"

When the others heard what Barley said, they showed an obscene smile.

"Doug was really unfortunate today, hahaha..." squinting his eyes, Sharwin laughed. "What bad luck!"

"He had waited two weeks for today!" Hista shrugged his shoulders.

"Let him wait a few more days…"

"Then his face will be full of acnes!"

"Hahaha..."

Zhang Tie couldn't understand what they were talking about at all. However, he felt the way they talked was somewhat obscene.

"Hey… hey… you will know about it later. This is benefit for members!" Barley said secretly.



* * *





Chapter 6




Zhang Tie had no idea how he was going to stand the hunger until school was over. He completely poured out his lunch earlier when he was beaten by the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood at noon, hence he had no choice but to stand the starvation. When he could no longer stand the hunger, he would drink water like a fish at a water faucet at school between classes. This was also a survival skill that he learned at school in this age. Drinking clean water like a fish could alleviate starvation and slow down the deterioration of physical strength. A person without food and water could survive two days at most, yet a starved person with only water could survive for more than three days. This showed the importance of water.

What made Zhang Tie feel fortunate was that the class this afternoon was collective military drill, the class that consumed the least energy. In the training grounds for the entire afternoon, each undergraduate would wear infantry uniform and light armor and would carry a spear that was longer than three meters on their shoulders for training. They would perform formations and bayonet charges under the orders of the instructor. To be a level 1 pikeman and attain an emblem of a Level 1 pikeman symbolized the beginning of manhood and was the dream of most students when they served the army. Pikemen were the ones in the army that focused on formations and collective cooperation. They can be both the strongest arm and the weakest. A pikeman square matrix solely composed of first-ranked pikemen could easily defend against the attacks from enemies who were not in formation and had three times their number.

Similarly, a heavy-armored square matrix composed of fifth-ranked pikemen was an important force on the main battlefield. With the citizens of Blackhot City and the millions of inhabitants that surrounded it, only three fifth-ranked heavy-armored square matrixes could be formed. This was the ultimate force used by the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation (CSIF) to rule the city.

Zhang Tie's physique was not greater than others; he looked thinner and weaker compared to the rest of the group. He didn't really like this profession. Zhang Tie had difficulties when he brandished and pierced with the three-meter long pike, which was heavier than 10kg. In the later stages, whenever he saw his powerless pike, Zhang Tie would always doubt whether he would be able to strike and kill the enemy with such low speed and force. Speaking of the pike, even the damned fatty Barley looked better than him. Zhang Tie gradually felt weak after fifty attacks; however, the damned fatty didn't weaken until more than seventy moves. Clearly, Zhang Tie was the weakest one in the Hit-Plane Brotherhood.

Although he didn't like this profession, Zhang Tie had to admit that even though he disliked it, the square matrix composed of pikemen brought him a great sense of safety. Whenever he stood in the middle of the square matrix conspicuously and looked at his classmates around him, he would always feel a sense of safety. This feeling was very contradictory. It seemed that this was the reason why a small figure like Zhang Tie felt depressed in such an age — on many occasions, you had to depend on those you disliked.

When the afternoon training ended, Zhang Tie felt like his whole stomach and belly was like a sac full of water. Whenever he moved, the water inside would always make a sound which made him uncomfortable. Whenever he attacked, each time he made a slightly fierce, big movement, Zhang Tie would always feel the water inside his stomach dash to his throat like a rising tide with a weird taste. The moment it made his throat uncomfortable, it would fall back. His hands were always powerless. For several instances, Zhang Tie felt the instructor's sharp stare on him and felt reluctant to leave. Zhang Tie had no other choice but to grit his teeth.

The coach especially paid attention to Glaze. The square matrix with Glaze was the most spectacular among the six square matrixes on the training field. Glaze, a LV 2 soldier, instantly displayed the difference between him and the other green birds. He was as tall as 190cm and wielded a standard military pike that weighed more than 30kgs and had a red-headed flag attached to it. Glaze stood out and commanded the whole square matrix. Under the appreciative eyes of the coach, Grace became very thrilled. He would always wail like a ghost and howl like a wolf for each movement. As a result, the whole training ground was filled with his howls.

Although Zhang Tie despised him to some degree, he would never deny that he would be killed by Glaze within a couple of movements or perhaps in a single move. Glaze truly had the right to be proud. With the exception of Glaze, the rest of the students in the graduating class were just reserve soldiers, not even first-ranked soldiers. Normally, most people would be promoted to first-ranked soldier before the age of 18, namely two years before providing military service. During the eight years of military service, more than 95% of the commoners would retire at the third or the fourth rank, while a few of them would reach the fifth rank. Only professional soldiers and people who survived on the force might reach the sixth rank. Soldiers who were promoted to be fighters could gain respect wherever they were.

The moment training ended, Zhang Tie removed his smelly uniform in the locker room, hurriedly wore his shoes, and rushed out with his hands on his stomach without greeting the other members of the brotherhood, who were led by Barley. This made the members of the brotherhood embarrassed, as they were preparing to greet Zhang Tie. As a result, they kept staring at each other with a vacant look.

"What's wrong with him?" the freckled and brown haired Sharwin scratched his head.

"I saw him drink a lot in the afternoon. He might not be able to stand it!" replied Bagdad. As a black man, he was the strongest in the brotherhood. The training this afternoon was very easy for him. Naturally, he was the one with the highest fighting power in the brotherhood.

"Hoho, poor guy!" smiled Leit.

"I am the poor one!" Doug, even now, was still resentful especially when he recalled that he was sprayed with Zhang Tie's vomit at noon. Doug always felt that he was the laughingstock throughout the afternoon.

"Easy, man. Barley will fetch those silver coins for you!" Hista winked and made a obscene posture that everyone understood. Staring at Barley, he instantly became generous, "We brotherhood members have to eliminate the status as virgin and become true men!"

"Trust me, you will have your benefit!" Barley comforted the sad Doug as he patted him. Seeing Zhang Tie's shadow, Barley's fat face shivered painfully when the four silver coins came to mind. He shook his head. "What an interesting guy! Although I have not seen what he's capable of, I find him to be smart and not bad. He's a reliable guy! At least I don't have to worry about being screwed over!" rubbing his chin, fat Barley said in an experienced way.

With the exception of Doug, who was still sulking, the rest of the group nodded.

Zhang Tie rushed to the washroom and had a long piss. He finally became comfortable. Meanwhile, his belly also thundered. Walking out of the washroom stall, he simply washed his hands and dashed out the school gate. With four silver coins and thirty to forty copper coins in his pockets, he had to find something to eat, otherwise he wouldn't even have enough strength to return home.

There was a bakery a short distance from the school gate. Usually, Zhang Tie could only swallow his saliva whenever he saw the delicious bread. Touching his pocket, today, Zhang Tie was finally brave enough to enter this bakery. He spent 10 copper coins to buy a loaf of brown bread. As he devoured the loaf of brown bread like a wolf and exited the bakery, Zhang Tie instantly noticed Miss Daina.

Miss Daina was always eye-catching. Captain Kerlin and another male teacher were talking about her diligently and gently. Zhang Tie's face even transformed with the bread still inside. Zhang Tie was suddenly stunned when he saw Miss Daina. Captain Kerlin didn't even glance at him, probably because he felt it was too shameful to be familiar with him. However, Zhang Tie didn't realize until they were far away. He instantly turned back and looked at himself in front of the beautiful glass showcase. With the half loaf of bread that he almost choked to death on in his hand, his mouth was opened while his head inclined. Because he continually trained in the afternoon and hadn't stopped his nose bleed yet, two paper balls were stuck inside his nostrils. His eyes were squinted like a crack, and his face showed that he had been beaten by others. He just stood there like an idiot with bread crumbs and saliva hanging at the corners of his mouth. He was clearly slow-witted.

Miss Daina should have seen him just now? Zhang Tie became endlessly frustrated and gloomy. No wonder she didn't even glance at him. He really was slow-witted… Lowering his head, he saw the pair of grinning and wretched leather shoes once again...

The 15-year old depressed teenager felt nothing but frustration.

Seeing Miss Daina leave, Zhang Tie felt the beautiful shadow was becoming increasingly far away from him. At this moment, Zhang Tie didn't even feel like following her silently for a distance. He stood outside the bakery and stared at those passersby. He finally finished the remaining loaf of bread with one bite after another. Then, in a sluggish manner, he walked towards the commercial area that was located in the eastern parts of Blackhot City. His parents had found him a part-time apprentice job through someone they knew. He had to work two hours a day for two days a week before going back home...



* * *





Chapter 7




Naturally, since Blackhot City was founded by the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation (CSIF), Blackhot City had a rich commercial atmosphere.

Its commercial areas were naturally located in the best place downtown; it was far away from the production area and in the upper eastern region. The commercial area in Blackhot City was very prosperous. Bulk commodities exchanges were established in the prosperous sections of the commercial region, and any trade volume there would make commoners scared. Rich coal, iron, and steel in Blackhot City made it a prosperous city. There would always be trains that carried the specialties outside of Blackhot City around the clock.

The small grocery store that Zhang Tie worked for was also located in the prosperous commercial area of Blackhot City; however, it was much more remote and shabby compared to the magnificent facades and barracks of the large-scale business groups, free trade bodies, and exchanges.

As the railway station was less than three hundred meters away from the store, its guests were from all walks of life. The store was close to a flea market that was founded spontaneously by local residents and foreign pioneers. It was very noisy every day. From the way they dressed, most people here were in the lower-middle class. People struggled to survive here. The people here hoped to become the very vendor in folk fairy tales who found a special object and became rich of it. Those fairy tales also encouraged groups of uninformed pioneers who traveled from afar to enter the unknown lands west and north of Blackhot City with their chests raised high. Naturally, if one had enough luck and foresight, they could also buy good items here.

When Zhang Tie arrived at the grocery store, Donder, the fat owner, was huddled up on a lounge chair outside the store. He was enjoying the sunset afterglow and peered at the passersby with half-closed eyes. Unless a plump or beautiful woman passed by the grocery store, he wouldn't even slightly move his head. In the event that one passes by, he would always watch them walk off for a long distance.

As usual, Zhang Tie's first task was to clean the store. Next, he had to check and clean the counter. Finally, he would adeptly calculate on an abacus. After a year of practice at the grocery store, Zhang Tie's largest achievement was that he now knew how to use the weird mathematical tool known as the abacus. This was a really practical skill that he had never learned at school. Zhang Tie always thought that it would be helpful for his development later on in life, as his father had always planned for him to be the bookkeeper at the Blackhot Coal Exchange. Naturally, he didn't need to think about it until he finished his military services. For commoners, It was satisfactory to find a job in the downtown area after serving the army, no matter the job.

The moment he finished bookkeeping, a guest entered. Before the fat Donder sat up, Zhang Tie had already closed his accounting book and started to greet the guest.

"Excuse me, sir. What can I do for you?" asked Zhang Tie. The guest was a 40-odd year man who wore the uniform of porters from the Blackhot Railway Station and smelt of coal ash. Zhang Tie guessed that he was a passerby, as it was the closing time in downtown.

"I'd like to see some white crystals!" said the porter while skimming through the cases containing crystals on the counter. Most of them were common Class-I crystals while there were also some Class-II crystals. White crystals accounted for the highest percentage among all crystals. Some white crystals were natural, while others were artificially created. Compared to the crystals with the same size and quality, double-headed crystals were usually more expensive than single-headed crystals, and natural crystals were much more expensive than artificial crystals, although the latter looked more beautiful. Nevertheless, given the effect, artificial crystals were still poorer than natural ones. It was said that crystals were just used for decoration before the Catastrophe. During that time, people had not known that crystals could be used to help humans cultivate. The usage of crystals had become a common sense that even street vendors knew about. Crystals in this age were a standard strategic material which supported the lives of many.

"Is this all that you have?" the forty-odd year man seemed a little bit disappointed. It seemed that he was not satisfied with these common commodities. Zhang Tie was slightly amazed by his expression since even common Class-I crystals were not cheap for commoners.

"We have something better, but they are more expensive. Do you want to have a look?"

With a smile on his face, the man casually patted his waist pack. Zhang Tie knew what the man meant. He put on a pair of white gloves and took out a more delicate case from a container drawer behind him. Zhang Tie placed it on the counter carefully and opened the case in front of the man. The case contained four white crystals, two of them being double-headed crystals while the rest were single-headed crystals. They were crystal clear with little impurity. However, what was most attractive about the crystal was the hazy and pyramid-like fine sand in each crystal. The two larger two-headed crystals contained the better pyramids. When observed carefully, each side of the pyramid shined mysteriously. It was the divine workmanship between the heaven, the earth, and the natural combination of the energy in the universe. Not only could white pyramid crystals help the user enter meditation quickly, but it also enabled its user to absorb the energy from the universe faster and arouse their physical potential and vitality.

As expected, much like Zhang Tie when he first saw them, the forty-odd year man didn't want to avert his gaze when he saw the pyramid-based crystal. Class-III crystals were the highest-end commodity in the store; each crystal's market price was more than two gold coins. In Blackhot City, a single gold coin could sustain a family of three for two months.

The price of each crystal was marked beneath it. When the man saw the price of the crystal, he became hesitant and pointed at the single-headed crystal. "Is it possible… for the price to be lowered?"

"218 silver coins is the lowest price we can afford. Our commodities are all marked honestly. Pardon, sir, are you buying this as a present?"

"En? my son will be sixteen next year, and I want to give him a surprise. He's a genius!" saying this, the forty-odd year man smiled with warmth and pride on his face which reminded Zhang Tie of his own father.

"Well, 215 silver coins, and I will gift you a packing case and 100g of crystal sand. This is the lowest price we can provide..." explained Zhang Tie honestly. As the 40-odd year porter might have been introduced by a friend, he might have understood the situation and the reputation of this general store and knew that this was a very fairy price in Blackhot City. Given the bonuses, he agreed instantly.

The man carefully took out his purse from his clothes and paid with two gold coins and fifteen silver coins before he left with the commodities and presents that were well packed by Zhang Tie. A business worth more than two gold coins was big even for the store.

The store's luck might have been used up because besides two loiterers, there was no more business an hour after the man had left.

Zhang Tie sat behind the counter with his hands supporting his jaw as he watched the street outside and thought about the events that transpired today.

The sun had finally set, and darkness had arrived. The dead fish on the lounge chair moved and twisted as he stood up reluctantly and moved his chair back into the store.

"What's happened? Did you get beaten up today?"

The boss smiled pleasantly when he saw the wounds on Zhang Tie's face.

"It's nothing, I fell!" responded Zhang Tie.

"Well, boy, no more pretending. It's nothing serious. When I was your age, I also got into fights often. Beat or beaten, it was normal. Fight back when you lose!" Donder lectured him generously.

The only thing in Zhang Tie's mind was his stupid look when Miss Daina saw him. Hearing what Donder said, he couldn't help but murmur, "What if I can't fight back?"

"Boy, so you're a green bird. You can always fight back. Only idiots and good-for-nothings dare not to win. If your opponent is stronger than you, then you have to surpass him with ten times more effort. Then, you can beat him with a more powerful strength. If you can't reach their level, you'll have to play tricks. Under the mask, you have to beat them stealthily!" the boss lectured him while making gestures. Seeing Zhang Tie's idiotic look, the boss seemed to be dissatisfied. He patted Zhang Tie's shoulder heavily. "Boy, I think that you're clever, so I'll teach you what I've learned in my life over the past dozen years. When you can't fight your opponents with your fists, then you have to compensate in this way…" pointing at Zhang Tie's head, he raised his head high. "Listen! A soft tongue is sharper than any weapon as it can even break hard bones and smart brains!"

The last words of Donder slightly moved Zhang Tie; he felt that it was reasonable. "Who's proverb is that?"

"Donder!"

"Liar, I don't believe you!"

"Whatever, erm. I will not provide you supper as usual!" Donder added meanly.

...



* * *





Chapter 8




Walking out of the grocery store, Zhang Tie kept Donder's words in mind. Thinking of Donder's words, "soft tongue is sharper than any weapon as it can break hard bones and smart brains!", the depressed teenager felt a bit better.

When Zhang Tie passed the flea market, carbide lamps along the street were ignited one by one. Lamplighters in the Blackhot City were shaking bells on their four-wheelers and parked them in front of each lamp. They climbed onto the poles, removed the lampshades, added fuel, and ignited them. When they left, sexy women with half exposed breasts appeared under the shadows of carbide lamps close to the railway station as the passersby ogled. A couple of those women gathered and talked about something to their companions. Following that, some of them laughed presumptuously and madly.

Zhang Tie walked and peered at those women under lamps. They made him upset and gradually aroused his desire.

"Baby, come here to your aunt. Let me teach you how to be a man..." a forty-odd year plump and enchanting woman with red curly hair greeted him at the end of the alley beside a lamp pole. Zhang Tie could see her clearly. Looking into Zhang Tie's eyes, the woman slightly lowered herself so that Zhang Tie could notice her magnificent white breasts. She squeezed the two exposed balls outside the collar and groaned slightly, "Mmm...". She then opened her mouth and slowly licked one finger. Seeing this, Zhang Tie felt that a muscle in his throat was shaking like a rubber band, his blood had rushed to his brain, and his crotch instantly rose up. Zhang Tie escaped under the lecherous laughter of the women.

The flea market beside the railway station became really noisy at night. People from all walks of life appeared when the darkness arrived. Zhang Tie recovered his composure when he was almost 100 meters away from that terrifying and alluring woman; however, the untamed thing was still raising high. In order to avoid embarrassment, Zhang Tie had to pretend to hide his hands in his pockets so as to press down the wild thing.

The moment Zhang Tie walked out of the flea market, a voice from a roadside stall slowed him down.

"Boss, you got all these things from the ruins?"

"Of course, look at this book. The characters on it are Chinese and Andaman City-States Alliance has no such publishing. Look at its cover. it's an abacus from a Chinese clan, a computing tool that could date back to several thousand years before the catastrophe. How could it be preserved so well if not from the ruins?"

"We are not idiots, I also know that this is Chinese; however, nobody recognizes it. Bullshit, what motherf**king abacus. Nobody uses such an antique at all..."

"I'm telling you the truth..."

Zhang Tie was attracted by the word "Chinese". He moved over towards the stall and squatted together with the other two in front of the roadside stall. Many things were placed on a water-proof cloth in a disorganized way. The cloth was no larger than two square meters. The only attractive goods were daggers and copper wrist guards on the four corners of the cloth. In the flea market, each stall owner would declare that their odd goods were from the ruins after the Catastrophe, and even idiots would never trust their words...

One of the two beside him purchased a nice sheathed dagger for 8 silver coins and 60 copper coins. Then, the two went away, leaving Zhang Tie alone.

The stall owner was a sixty-odd year obscene man with a red brandy nose. Once Zhang Tie spoke to him, he could directly smell the smell of hedge wine. The old man reminded him of an animal — a mouse.

After Zhang Tie glanced over the stall casually, he took an abacus book and asked, "How much?"

"This is a treasure from the ruins, so at least twenty silver coins... " replied the old man treacherously.

"What's it used for?"

"Well, it may be a technical book on how to compute using an abacus!" the old man was also not sure about it. He had read it, but didn't understand its contents at all. He also invited an alleged expert to authenticate it; however, the expert could only identify some simple numbers inside. The contents were strange number arrangements like three three two two five five six six...

"What is it used for? Teach me how to count sheep to fall asleep?"

"Erm, well... Sixteen silver coins, no less!" the old man added reluctantly.

"Do I look like an idiot? The book is no more than sixteen pages in total which is not even enough for me to clean shit. You want sixteen silver coins? No way! I just asked about it out of curiosity," Zhang Tie threw the book angrily. He was familiar with the flea market. If he didn't bargain aggressively, he would be ripped off by them.

"So how much can you afford?"

"Eighty copper coins!"

"Eighty copper coins?" the old man sprung up like a mouse having its tail stepped on. "Boy, at least ten silver coins. I got this out of the ruins!"

"What motherf*cking ruins, I am not an idiot. There is no ruins within one thousand kilometer radius of Blackhot city. Even if there truly were some, they would have long been removed. It was never your turn. Eighty copper coins!"

"Nine silver coins, no less!"

"Well, as I respect you, ten more copper coins! "

"Ninety copper coins?" exclaimed the old man like a pig being slaughtered. "It's even lower than my price!"

"One silver coin!"

"Seven!" the old man gritted his teeth...

After a ferocious bargaining for two minutes, Zhang Tie directly stood up and left instantly. Surprisingly, the old man shouted anxiously after Zhang Tie took five steps, "No, don't leave. As you said, pay me four silver coins and the book is yours!"

A slight smile appeared on Zhang Tie's mouth. Naturally, those outsiders didn't know the name of the book; however, Zhang Tie was stunned when he saw it — Mental Arithmetic by Abacus. He skimmed over it and found a mental arithmetic method that was related to the abacus. He thought it was special and decided to buy it...

On the way home, Zhang Tie's stomach was already growling; however, Zhang Tie was satisfied when he touched the book in his pocket. In this age, knowledge was expensive and any skill or knowledge acquired outside the school gate was unique and precious. Zhang Tie remembered that Donder watched him for more than three months before he taught him how to use the strange thing known as the abacus. Even then, he still felt reluctant to teach him. Whereas, Zhang Tie found that only a few people in the Blackhot City knew how to use the abacus. Ordinary calculations were usually made on paper. As for superior calculation methods, there were metal hand-driven calculators in exchanges and commercial firms. Thus, the abacus seemed useless. Still, it was a special skill that could not be easily gained. When Zhang Tie noticed the abacus pattern and pithy formula on the title page of the book, he recognized the value of this book. Generally speaking, Zhang Tie thought it was worth the price. Even if its value couldn't be seen for now, Zhang Tie still felt it was valuable, let alone the fact that those silver coins weren't even his to begin with.

"Learn more, at least it's not harmful to you," Zhang Tie's dad always taught him when he was young.

His parents had always forced him to learn Chinese by slapping his hand with a bamboo clapper when he was young. It took him ten years to recognize all characters on the big-headed Chinese dictionary; it was Zhang Tie's darkest period. A dozen years later, today, Zhang Tie finally found what he had learned to be useful. He was a little pleased about this experience.

Zhang Tie never trusted the old man's word when he said that this book was from the ruins. As goods from the ruins were at least one thousand years old, this book doesn't seem that old. He suddenly found several gloomy Chinese characters under the abacus pattern, "Recommended afterclass reading for students". "I almost ready to enter society, yet I don't know about this at all. What students?! After-class reading?! Comparisons are unpleasant!"

After being beaten inexplicably, he joined the brotherhood and lost face in front of Miss Daina. Besides that, he used his war trophy to buy a book.

On the way home, Zhang Tie recalled that he had spent money and gained money today; he didn't even know whether he earned or lost today... Zhang Tie's house was in the commoners gathering area north of Blackhot City. When the upper eastern area in Blackhot City was the backyard garden of the rich, the northern areas were the cozy nests of the regular workers and citizens. Compared with the upper eastern areas, blocks in the northern area were not beautiful; however, they were tidy and safe. The parasol trees on the two sides of streets here made it somewhat warm and ordinary. Through a dozen years of effort, his parents could only afford a building with less than 100 square meters on one side of a street. The building was attached with a small log cabin in the backyard. His parents opened a roadside rice brew [1] store in the room downstairs. His dad was a worker in the mill, while his mother ran this store. The business was so-so as it was mainly taken care of by neighboring households, and the thin profit could only slightly improve their quality of life.

When Zhang Tie returned home, it was almost 9pm. His parents were not at home; he guessed that they were at church. The rice brew store was also closed. Supper was in warm water to keep the food warm. It contained a pot of mixed vegetables, a bowl of bacon braised with kidney beans, and a huge bowl of cooked white rice. A few slices of broad bean-like sliced bacon could be seen on top of the kidney beans. This was specifically left by his parents who always said that they didn't like them as an excuse. Eating the supper, Zhang Tie felt somewhat moved. He vowed to himself that when he became rich in the future, he would provide enough fish and meat for his parents everyday.

He finished supper quickly and cleaned the kitchen. With a fatigued body, he went upstairs. When he arrived at the second floor, he could hear the rhythmed clashes and evidently depressed breath from his elder brother's room, although the door was closed. This was not the first time, and Zhang Tie naturally knew what was happening. Silently passing, he moved to the hallway. At the end of the hallway, Zhang Tie touched the rope on the wall and slightly pulled it down. Then, a wooden plank glided from the ceiling at the end of the hallway, and a flight of stairs appeared on the other side of the plank which directly connected to the above attic.

These days, the pulley might be in need of lubricating oil, as there was a big creak when the flight of stairs was lowered. The rhythmed clashing from his brother's room stopped for a few seconds before it continued more violently than before Zhang Tie had climbed up.

He finally reached the top and pulled the stairs back to reset the plank. The tiny attic with a triangular roof belonged to Zhang Tie.

The house was not large, and with a rice brew store opened downstairs, less space was available; therefore, Zhang Tie had no other choices but to live in the attic. Almost half of the tiny space was occupied by iron sheets and planks for sundries. As a result, the rest space was only available for a bed, a desk, and a small wardrobe. There was only enough space for one person to move in. The paint on the furniture had already started to fade. They were all second-hand commodities that Zhang Tie bought in the flea market and were worth less than two silver coins in total...

A room smaller than eight square meters and several second-hand furnitures were all that the miserable 15-year old teenager owned...



* * *





Chapter 9




The only natural source of light in the attic was from the triangular window at the foot of Zhang Tie's bed. It was a little bit bright in the daytime, but when night fell, the attic was dim just like it was now.

With the faint moonlight outside and his familiarity with the attic, Zhang Tie lit the oil lamp inside the attic. In order to save oil, Zhang Tie lowered the lamp flame to the smallest possible. Hence, the soybean-sized flame flickered as it brought some light and warmth to the attic.

After adjusting the lamp, Zhang Tie directly threw himself onto the bed without removing his shoes. He stared at the sharply pointed roof with the faint light and noticed a small web woven by a spider in the corner of the beam. Gazing at the poor spider and its web that could hardly capture a fly, Zhang Tie instantly felt pitiful.

The shaking of bed boards downstairs became clearer as Zhang Tie laid down, which made It harder for Zhan Tie to cultivate. Lying on the bed bored, Zhang Tie tossed and turned; his heart felt like it was being scratched at by a cat. He was bored to the point that he began to count the shaking from his elder brother's room downstairs. When it came to around 700, the sound accelerated all of a sudden, and dozens of seconds later, everything returned to silence. Zhang Tie then gasped and recovered his composure; however, Zhang Tie himself was amazed, as he had found his right hand holding on to the untamed thing below him. It was already very hard. It seemed that he had already unconsciously done the manual one-cylinder piston movement for quite a while.

Could it be that he had been affected by the members of the brotherhood?

He pulled out his right hand from the trousers as if he had touched a red-hot metal and recovered his composure after some time. Unlike the others, Zhang Tie especially felt guilty about what he did. His father once talked to him about this topic solemnly when he was twelve. As the Chinese clan was shorter and smaller than other clans physically, the average Chinese soldier didn't have the advantage in traits like speed and endurance. However, in this age, it was evident that physical differences between soldiers and their opponents were always fatal, especially between soldiers between LV1 - LV3, and normal soldiers. Take Zhang Tie for example, he was well developed for being in the Chinese clan; however, in school, Zhang Tie was slightly below average in both height and physical strength. In the brotherhood, Zhang Tie reluctantly admits that he's similar to the pudgy Barley and Sharwin in height, but Barley was much fatter and stronger than Zhang Tie. The physical difference between the Chinese clan and other clans would be very clear before they became true soldiers. Although the higher the rank the solder the less important the physical difference would be, physical disparity seemed like a huge gap that could never be overcome.

In Blackhot City, in order to narrow down the physical differences between the Chinese clans and others, the most important thing was to quickly become a soldier and raise your rank so as to protect yourself. The higher the rank the less physical difference there would be. The wider the future road the easier you would survive in this world. However, in order to become a Lv 1 soldier and constantly improve your occupational rank, the more important it was to ignite the meditation flame on each burning point inside the body. Everybody had to experience it. In this age where all clans fought against each other, it was the most important standard used to measure personal value. Physical quality was critical for burning the meditation flames and each manual one-cylinder piston movement would damage the health of the teenager, as it might consume a lot of energy and vitality which would make it harder to ignite meditation flames. Teenagers who always made that movement would be weak both physically and mentally.

"Masturbation is a chronic suicide process that is hardly observed; therefore, whatever others do, you should never be influenced. There are legends that anyone being obsessed with this will damage his health, be unfortunate, and live a poor life!" as his father ended with this, he made Zhang Tie promise to never be influenced by this malicious habit as he heaved a deep sigh...

Of course, as for what happened last night, his father explained, "When seminal fluid is full, it overflows automatically." He told him that this was a natural phenomenon and wouldn't damage his physique too much.

When his father's admonition came to mind, Zhang Tie hurriedly pulled out his hand. Thankfully, he hadn't violated the rule too much. He recovered his composure after a period of time before getting off the bed and moving towards the window. Peering out the window, he saw his elder brother leaving the house with a woman. He had already put on the uniform of the city guards of Blackhot City and was sending the woman home. Judging from her shadow, she should have been the daughter of Mr. Wang, the boss of the tailor store on this street.

Feeling someone watching him, his elder brother turned his head, raised his jaw, and smiled at Zhang Tie, who was peering out the window. Zhang Tie pretended to flick his fists as he saw them off in the dimly lit street. A handful of crystal sand was placed on a small plate by the windowsill. An ordinary double-headed white crystal was in the crystal sand. The crystal was naturally born and was barely qualified to be a low quality Class-2 crystal. It could be changed in the crystal sand just like a battery before the Catastrophe; however, it was much more convenient than a battery. Although the Class-2 double-headed crystal could never match the pyramid-based one Zhang Tie sold today, it was still the best cultivation material that Zhang Tie had.

With the crystal in hand, Zhang Tie took off his shoes and sat on the bed with his legs crossed, as if he was doing yoga. Ignoring the weird odor from his feet, he put his hand in front of his stomach and aimed one end of the double-headed crystal to his navel. He then closed his eyes and began to cultivate.

The process of cultivation was simple yet boring. Firstly, one had to slow their breathing and gather their spirit and consciousness to their navel, following the "Qi" that they inhaled. This process was repeated until they touched the existence of the burning point in the "shrine" in the navel. After touching it, "rub" this burning point with your spirit and consciousness in a rhythm and gaze at it like a fly on a rotten meat until one day, the flame of meditation at this burning point would be ignited, symbolizing that they were now a Lv1 fighter and an adult.

In this age, if a man could not even ignite the meditation flame at the burning point in the "shrine", then he would be seen as disabled and slow-witted. This was the law of survival in the Age of Black Iron.

Zhang Tie felt that the point in the navel was like a piece of gold underneath the sands. When he was in meditation, he firstly swept the sands using a broom to show the burning point. His consciousness was like sandpaper which he used to constantly rub and polish the piece of gold until one day, he would burn it like drilling wood to make fire. Then, he did it...

He learned to how to cultivate from school. It started back in preliminary school where he could learn the method for free. As his teacher always said, the burning point was the largest secret on the human body. Besides the visible burning point in the navel called the "shrine", other burning points were all invisible and could never be touched without reaching higher levels. However, even now, people could still not figure out how many burning points there were on a human being, and what these mysterious burning points were used for. It was still a secret on how to explore and touch more burning points on the human body, and how to accelerate the cultivation of these burning points for everyone everywhere. The powerful sects, schools, shrines, and legendary fighters were all safeguards and the beneficiaries of this secret.

Almost a fifth of all the people in Blackhot City could only ignite the meditation flame on the first burning point at the "shrine" throughout their lives…

For commoners like Zhang Tie, it was extremely difficult to enter meditation. He had to constantly adjust his breath to reach it. After half an hour, Zhang Tie entered meditation and finally touched the shrine burning point in the navel. He then began to inject his spirit and consciousness into this burning point constantly. Zhang Tie felt his navel start to generate heat slowly. The burning point gradually showed up, and finally, being "polished" by his spirit and awareness, it slowly grew brighter and brighter. The light finally became as large as a grain of rice as it shone blue. Meanwhile, the crystal in his hand was linked to the burning point after the burning point was ignited. It was an energy that would usually never be touched. At this time, the energy was slowly injected into the burning point from one end of the crystal. Influenced by his spirit, consciousness, and the crystal, the blue light gradually became brighter and brighter. The light started to gradually brighten up the surrounding darkness like a star in the pitch night sky. Although it was faint, it always brought him a beacon of hope.

After a long while, Zhang Tie felt that his spirit and consciousness had already been dried up and exhausted. He had reached his limit, and thus, he woke from his meditation. With several hours of practice a day, he could barely feel any evident progress. For Zhang Tie, he could not feel the progress without several weeks or months worth of accumulation. He evidently felt the change of the color of the burning point. In these years, Zhang Tie had experienced red, orange, yellow, green, and indigo from the beginning of his cultivation. He had to reach blue and purple before igniting the meditation flame. It would take him one and a half year to accomplish the other stages according to experience. His cultivation speed was almost even with most commoners who would ignite their meditation flame in the shrine on the first year in the army post graduation, which was the most important point in their lives.



* * *





Chapter 10




The next week was peaceful. Zhang Tie and the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood familiarized with one another. Thankfully, none of the other members in the brotherhood did any manual single-cylinder piston movements at school any more. The change might be attributed to their promise to Zhang Tie or the risk of being caught doing that movement. Although Zhang Tie was still very weak, he was already satisfied by being able to protect Miss Daina this way. In comparison, Glaze, who would always bully the weak at the school cafeteria, was still arrogant; however, he truly had to strength to do that. In the test organized by the school last week, Glaze almost broke all the records made by the students at the school. His records made all the other male students desperate. The differences between a Lv 2 professional fighter and an average person could easily be seen.

Zhang Tie was happy that he was not the one who had his spot in the line stolen by Glaze in the cafeteria. Including Zhang Tie, Glaze brought a huge pressure to everybody. Zhang Tie thought to himself everyday about what would he do in the future if someone wanted to destroy something that he wanted to protect but didn't have the strength to overcome them. This huge pressure made Zhang Tie very lively. Besides training hard and learning at school, he also tried to save time to strengthen himself when he returned home. For Zhang Tie, the earlier he could light the meditation flame in the shrine, the earlier he could protect himself.

In reality, every undergraduate boy at the Seventh National Middle School had been exerting their utmost best. Because this was their last semester at school, they had to practice outside the school gates in the second half of the school year. Speaking of where the students trained, the city's army safeguarded Blackhot City and the surrounding farming villages as well as the arterial roads and mines where the students trained in. There was no danger when they practiced downtown, but if they were to practice elsewhere, someone would lose their life. Once they left the protection of the high walls of Blackhot City, they would hardly be able to find a safe place because of the wild and dangerous variant living beings and crypt fiends that would kill them at any moment. Besides, the legend that gays in the city army liked fresh trainees had been popularized amongst undergraduates from the Seventh National Middle School for many years.

No struggle, no life — the pet phrase of Captain Kerlin and the true reflection of this age.

"Attack, add more strength. Did you not eat lunch? Attack, add more strength..." the roars of the coach were drifting in the training ground in the afternoon. "Bastards, hold your spear tightly even if it was a red iron rod. You have no power even the women are stronger than you..."

Sweating, Zhang Tie repetitively exercised the attacking movements dully under the hot sun. Two hours later, the spear body made of hollow steel had become very hot. The blisters that had formed on his palms were broken repeatedly. Being stimulated by his sweat and wounded by the scorching spear body, he felt like he was holding red-hot charcoal and felt like he was being pricked by needles. However, seeing the coach who was standing upright like a javelin on the training ground under the sun with a solemn face, Zhang Tie had no choice but to grit his teeth and convert all the pain in his body into an angry growl — "Kill!". Raising his chest, he strode forward and attacked like a machine without knowing what being tired meant. In the students' eyes, the most hateful guy's records motivated them to work harder than the coach's orders. As a tradition at the school, all the records of the strongest person in each group of undergraduates would be recorded on the high platform in the training ground in red words for the worship of others. This was a form of encouragement — to be precise, it encouraged increasing aggression for others...

Glaze——

100 m——10.3s

Bench press——160 kg

Deep squatting——310 kg

Explosive punch—— Right fist: 510 kg ; Left fist: 340 kg

Maximum stamping explosive force——780 kg

Maximum number of continual armor-breaking attacks——137 times

Endurance——13—— The endurance value referred to the maximum effective power transmission distance at the standard speed with regular battle equipment, using kilometers as the distance unit. Although it sounded somewhat complex, it was the most accurate explanation. The endurance indicator was also a measure of the maximum tactic moving radius for the pikemen matrix on the battlefield. The maximum effective combat capability referred to the maximum personal combat capability that remained after three minutes of rest following a rapid march. The value should be more than half of the total personal combat capability. Glaze's endurance value was 13 which meant that he could still accomplish more than 69 armor-breaking attacks or could deal an attack with a force of 250 kg using his right hand after rapid marching for 13 km in standard battle equipment.

Those are the indicators of a LV 2 fighter!

The words on the high platform were still fresh. The scarlet words seemed as if it was mocking everyone beneath it. Since Glaze's name and data were written two weeks ago, the training ground became increasingly aggressive. Nobody would like to give up at this point.

On the day Glaze's name appeared on the high platform, the coach shouted at them coldly, "You either die or live on the battlefield. There is no good or evil, am I clear?" Zhang Tie thought to himself, "The people who survive the battlefield are the good ones."

After two hours of spear training, what waited for them was the 10 km armored march at a moderate speed. Finishing the last task, Zhang Tie's feet felt as soft as scotton. He found shade under a tree and gasped for quite a while like a dog. Zhang Tie failed to stand up while the other members of the brotherhood tilted themselves and sat on the ground. Besides Doug and Barley, Bagdad was the strongest one in the brotherhood; he was even one of the strongest in the school. By contrast, Doug looked special today. Today, he was especially thrilled as he kept drooling with a foolish grin during the class. When they trained in spear attacks, Zhang Tie occasionally saw that guy. Although he looked tired to death, the crotch of his trousers were raised like a tent. Zhang Tie was really shocked by this scene. What the f*ck! Was it that exciting to practice spear skills? Zhang Tie was really shocked!

Finishing the run, Glaze and his followers passed in front of Zhang Tie with their heads raised proudly. They even peered over most of the commoners laying on the training ground.

"Trash!" Glaze seemed to mouth. Zhang Tie was absent-mindedly trying to figure out what he had said. When he found out what was said, he clenched his teeth. When Zhang Tie recovered a bit after ten minutes of rest, he saw the pudgy Barley moving towards him quiveringly and squatted in front of him. "Do you have any plans after school?" he said in a low voice.

"I have a part-time job at the grocery store that I go to twice a week!"

"Are you a virgin?"

Hearing this, Zhang Tie instantly became irritated, "F*ck, I am a virgin, so what! You're the same!"

"Wrong, after today, you'll be the only virgin among all the brotherhood members!" Barley replied calmly. Zhang Tie didn't even notice Barley's compassionate look at that moment.

"What does that mean?" Zhang Tie couldn't think it through for a while.

"You will understand after school. It's a benefit for the members of our Hit-Plane Brotherhood. It's Doug's turn today, so I will arrange it for you next time…" saying this, Barley patted Zhang Tie's shoulders, stood up, and left, leaving Zhang Tie with his head spinning for quite a while.

Today was a special day. Walking out of the school gates with the other members, Zhang Tie noticed that Bagdad and the other members were bidding farewell to Doug solemnly at the school gate. Each one bidding farewell to him would bend their arms around Doug's shoulders and say something to him before making a lecherous laugh. Doug was also thrilled; his ears were even red. Zhang Tie could only hear something gloomily like "if you wash your mouth, you would get a surprised". When it was Bagdad's turn, his voice was loud enough that Zhang Tie finally heard what they were saying. "It's fast for the first time. Spirit up, you have enough time that you can make love many times. When I was there, I did it seven times…"

They patted shoulders and embraced each other as the last couple of guys bidded farewell to Doug with a lecherous expression. Hista wanted to follow Doug but was pulled away by Bagdad and Leit.

Zhang Tie had no words to explain what had just happened. Barely said that it was an activity of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood and suggested Zhang Tie to watch if he was free. Zhang Tie asked about the whereabouts and knew Barley and Doug were heading for some place past the railway station. In the end, he went along with them.

On the way, Doug was both thrilled and nervous. He kept asking Barley strange questions.

"Although I took a bath last night, I sweated a lot today, is it ok?"

"Have you changed your underclothes and underwear?"

"Yes, I changed them last night after my bath!"

"Then it's ok!"

"But Hista said there would be a surprise if I washed my mouth before going there!"

"Don't worry, I've already prepared this for you!" Barley replied and took out a small paper parcel from his pocket solemnly. The paper parcel was well packed and made Doug and Zhang Tie especially curious. He stretched his neck and found three or four slim leaves inside.

"What's this?" Doug asked curiously.

"These are expensive tea leaves. I stole them from my father. They were give to my father by others as a gift. We treasure it very much, as they were only produced in Eastern Continent. Here you are, put them in your mouth like this and don't chew or swallow them. They are much more effective than washing your mouth.

Barley carefully took the leaves and put them into Doug's mouth. Doug held them tightly in his mouth, saying nothing. He was afraid of dropping them when he spoke.

"How many times can I make love with her?" after a while, Doug asked another question.

"You can make as many times as you can within three hours!"

"Can I use the bottom hole?" Doug asked another question like a curious baby several minutes later.

"Bottom..." Barley was really shocked, "Who told you?"

"My brother..."

"You… can't do this. Hista and the others didn't try that!"

"Erm!" With tea leaves in mouth, Doug recovered his composure once again. After a few seconds, in order to safeguard his authority, Barley explained solemnly, "It's very expensive to use that hole. Yeah, very expensive and not healthy...

Zhang Tie had already realized what would happen, but out of curiosity and his increasing male hormones, he followed Barley and Doug all the way from school to the old slum neighboring the railway station. They wandered in the low alley for almost four minutes before arriving in front of a vermeil door. Compared with the surrounding gates that were evidently broken, this place was much cleaner. Standing outside the door, when Barley knocked the door, a couple of people passed by and stared at them. It felt strange. Zhang Tie felt fleas jumping on his face, which made him itchy.

Although he didn't know what was behind the door, Zhang Tie guessed it must be very stimulating and became nervous as well. Doug was already sweating at this point. Hearing somebody vomiting, Zhang Tie turned and found it was Doug... Doug was constantly digging for something inside his mouth. Barley was also startled, "What's wrong!?"

"I was nervous… and swallowed those tea leaves… When I swallowed, It felt really uncomfortable..."

"Idiot..." Barley verbally abused and patted his own head painfully with a hand, "too shameful, no more drinking. Have a drink and flush it off when you enter!"

"Woo..." Doug kept acting like he was vomiting

With his eyes opened widely, Zhang Tie saw Doug's face turn red, and then his veins stood out and thickened. It seemed liked something wanted to exit his throat. His mouth bulged as he tried to keep his mouth closed. Covering his mouth, he finally swallowed it back down…

"Well, it's fine. I swallowed them. Thankfully, I solved the problem instantly!" patting his chest, Doug seemed like he survived a robbery. He then grinned shamefully and exposed a vegetable leaf on his teeth that was half digested.

Zhang Tie turned pale. Feeling disgusted, Zhang Tie thought to himself, "You're really great!" When Doug spoke now, Zhang Tie could smell the gastric acid, which was really disgusting. Barley was also shocked, as he had never dreamed that Doug would solve the problem in this manner...

Zhang Tie couldn't stand it any more. His curiosity and hormone both disappeared at this moment. "Have fun, I will leave first!"

Barley quickly took out four silver coins from his pocket and put them in Doug's hand. "You enter by yourself. Remember, don't tell her I brought you here and don't say you know me either!"

Zhang Tie and Barley ran away instantly and hid somewhere. Doug was left alone scratching his head outside the door. The vermeil door opened. Zhang Tie couldn't see anyone, but Doug, who stared straight and showed a "shameful" smile, greeted, "Hello..."

The person who opened the door must have almostly been suffocated to death by Doug.

The moment he greeted, the door was shut with a "peng". Doug was at a loss of words. After a few seconds, he looked over at Barley and Zhang Tie. Barley showed an encouraging gesture. Doug raised his chest and knocked on the door once again. Doug was still smiling coyly with four silver coins spread in his hands. Seeing his actions, Barley patted his head painfully again. As a result, the door was shut once again with a loud sound.

When Doug knocked the door for the third time, Zhang Tie found a basin of water was poured out from inside when the door was opened. Doug became a drowned rat, and the coy smile was frozen at that time...

What bad luck!



* * *





Chapter 11




Zhang Tie had already forgotten what had happened to Doug when he arrived at the grocery store. By tomorrow, Doug would definitely be the laughingstock in the Hit-Plane Brotherhood after what had happened. He might never be able to eliminate this stain for the rest of his life.

When Zhang Tie arrived, Donder was greeting guests in the store, so Zhang Tie just stood to the side. After the guests had left, he moved behind the counter and took the broom, rag, and basin to clean the store. After he finished, he used the abacus to calculate the accounts of the past few days. Ever since Zhang Tie started to work here, he found that Donder was becoming lazier and lazier. It would always take him about an hour to finish his work, and it was the same for today.

Seeing Zhang Tie working inside, Donder laid back on his lounge again and kept his eyes closed comfortably.

When Zhang Tie remembered the tea leaves, he started a conversation with Donder.

"Boss, do you know what tea leaf is?"

"Tea leaf?" hearing this, Donder turned with a weird expression. He glanced at Zhang Tie, "That’s a very precious and rare drink. Those rich and powerful bureaucrats, who would like to be civilized and pretended to be stylish, always used tea leaves to show off!"

"No, it’s not a drink. I saw others put it directly into their mouths"

"Idiot, tea leaves should be soaked in boiling water. There’s a lot to learn about tea leaves!" Donder raised his voice, "Those nouveau riche always put tea leaves into mouths to refresh their mouths!"

"You said it was expensive!""Not only expensive, it’s very expensive. A bag of the lowest-quality tea leaves from outside is worth…!" Donder stretched out his hand. "As for higher-quality tea leaves, you should never dream about them!"

"Five silver coins!" it was already very expensive in Zhang Tie’s eyes.

"Five silver coins…" Donder grinned dismissively. "You could only smell them with five silver coins. Five gold coins! It might even be much more expensive!" Zhang Tie was really shocked. No wonder Barley packed the ugly leaves with paper so carefully. Commoners could never afford it.

"So expensive. Why not plant them in Blackhot City? Then we will make a lot of money!"

"It would never be your turn. They were only planted in the Eastern Continent. Those could do business with tea leaves were large business groups and the chambers of commerce!"

"Teacher told us that there were many human countries in the Eastern Continent. Many powerful countries were over there! Some countries even owned thousands of cities like Blackhot City…!"

"Hick, Blackhot City is nothing compared with those cities that dozens of times bigger. You will understand when you visit them. There are human countries predominated by Chinese clans. When I was young… " Donder recalled and longer for that experience. He kept talking and Zhang Tie listened to him carefully. What he said should be true when he talked about his arrival at the Eastern Continent and his knowledge of it when he was young. As for the following scenes — becoming sworn brothers with strong fighters in accordance with the folklores, cooperating with his sworn brothers to beat the alien clans who threw everything away when they fled, discovering valuable relics with pioneers, exploring the underground word with a great wave of beauties and almost being ** by them, seeing numerous diamonds the size of the head and bullions the size of a house, Zhang Tie was sure that they were tales from common knight novels. Therefore, he ignored them.

While Donder was boasting about when he was discovering the underground world with a great wave of beauties that wanted to marry him to the point where they cried, two guests entered. They were thirty-odd years with experience faces, unshaven chins, and they wore leather boots, copper-cotton wristbands, and riveted half-body armors. They also hung a long sword on their waist and had a box full of steel crossbow arrows on their back. The shoulder armor matched with the hanging buckle of the wind-proof hooded cloak. They really looked like pioneers. During the past year working at the grocery store, Zhang Tie had cultivated a sharp judgement. They must be new pioneers, as Zhang Tie could tell from their equipment. The new pioneers always wore clothes like professional ones, so as to tell others they were pioneering wastelands. They also usually purchased the entire set when buying equipment.

"Can I help you, sir?" Zhang Tie asked politely and professionally.

They glanced at Zhang Tie and looked around. They nodded to each other, as the taller man walked towards Zhang Tie, lowered his body, and said in a low voice, "Where’s your boss? We have business!"

They usually met guests like them. Donder’s grocery store did not only sell goods, but it also purchased goods. Considering their prudence and secretiveness, Donder climbed up from the lounge. While rubbing his hands, he bent his back and walked towards them.

"I’m the boss, what’s up!"

The two stared at him for a while and looked at each other, then they nodded silently.

"Do you receive things?"

"Yes, once they are evaluated. If your goods are too expensive and I cannot afford it, I can introduce someone to you. If you agree, I want 5% as an agency fee!" The two pioneers finally surrendered to Donder’s passion. Looking outside meticulously, they found that nobody was watching inside. One of the two lowered himself to block the line of sight from outside, while the other took out a fist-sized metal mineral from a leather bag of sundies and placed it on the counter.

The mineral was shining, somewhat like gold. It seemed very expensive and frightening. Zhang Tie opened his mouth, saying nothing, he just waved his head.

"This one..." a pioneer looked at Donder solemnly. "What’s your offer? We can establish long-term cooperation with you if you can give us a proper offer!"

"A copper coin for five kilograms!" Donder offered.

"What? Are you kidding?" with eyes widened, the two pioneers looked at Donder angrily.

"I mean it. A copper coin for five kilograms!" Donder replied slowly, ignoring the red faces of the two pioneers. The shielding man had been impulsive and put his hand on the sword handle beside his waist.

"You must have mistaken it for gold ore. It’s very beautiful like a gold ore!" hearing this, the two were shocked and nodded. The man with his hand on the sword handle also slightly loosened his grip on the sword.

"Hoho, some gold ores are truly similar to it. But pitifully, this is not a gold ore, but a common pyrite. That’s why I offered you one copper coin per five kilograms!"

"Common pyrite?" one pioneer took the shining and beautiful ore into his hand and seemed to not trust that it was as rubbish as scrap iron. The other pioneer seemed to doubt Donder’s words. Seeing their expressions, Donder didn’t say anything to the pioneers. Instead, he spoke to Zhang Tie, "Take out the common pyrite sample in the store!" Zhang Tie turned and fetched a dusty bag from a corner of the grocery store.

He placed it directly on the ground and showed the contents to them. About ten kilograms of goods were poured out, which looked the same as the ore on the counter. Squatting, they took two common pyrites and compared them to the one on the counter. They became depressed like deflated balloons.

"There is a valley in the Red Highland more than a 100 km southwest of Blackhot City. Did you get the ore from there? They are similar to gold ores. In the past, there were pioneers who treated them as gold ores and were made laughingstocks. Never mind, you might see something new. Nobody is all might and knows everything!" Donder explained. This completely broke the last beacon of hope they two pioneers had. They stood up and gave their thanks to Donder in low spirits. Feeling as if they lost face, they left with their heads lowered. When they walked to the gate of the store, one of the pioneers saw the common pyrite that they treasured and cursed furiously. He smacked the common pyrite onto the ground of the street.

"Common pyrite, idiots’ gold, two more idiots are cheated…" seeing them leaving, Donder shook his head and signed, then went back to the lounge chair.

"Common pyrite, fool’s gold. Two more idiots got cheated…" seeing them leave, Donder shooked his head and sighed before returning to the lounge chair.

Later on, several waves of guests entered and Donder earned more than ten silver coins. As usual, when Donder said, "... I will not provide you supper according to the agreement!", Zhang Tie knew it was time for him to leave.

"What are Doug and Barley doing now?" Zhang Tie thought to himself when he walked out of the grocery store.

When the dusk drew close, lamplighters were waving bells and lighting lamps on the street. Within ten steps, Zhang Tie abruptly stopped as he saw something shining slightly at the corner of the wall in front of him under the lamp lights…

Oh, it was the common pyrite left by the two idiots. At this time, the common pyrite was found to have been smacked into two halves. Zhang Tie moved forward another two steps…

Oh, there was something inside the common pyrite. It flashed just now. The color was different from the common pyrite under the lamplight. Zhang Tie was curious and moved closer to it. Bending over, he pretended to squat to tie his shoelaces. When he found nobody around, he picked up the two pieces and placed them in his pockets. There was really something inside! Zhang Tie’s excitement rose…



* * *





Chapter 12




On the way home, Zhang Tie couldn’t contain his excitement. He held his pocket tightly in fear that the thing would escape. When he picked it up just now, he saw a round object that was smaller than a chicken’s egg in the center of one of the halves of the common pyrite. There seemed to have been a beautiful decorative pattern on it. Nobody would have known that there was something inside the common pyrite if it had not been smashed onto the ground by that pioneer. It was definitely not created naturally. Additionally, it took at least several hundreds of millions of years to form a common pyrite geologically. Zhang Tie was really amazed about the object which entered the common pyrite several hundred million years ago…

Several hundred million years ago...

Not formed naturally...

Beautiful decorative patterns...

When the above information appeared in Zhang Tie’s mind, he was really shocked.

On the way home, Zhang Tie maintained a normal walking speed at first, but he couldn’t help but run when he was close to home. He continued to hold the common pyrite tightly as he ran. Zhang Tie might have been too nervous, he felt as if the common pyrite in his hand was becoming increasingly hot.

When he arrived home, his mom was making rice brew. Hearing Zhang Tie’s scurry, she shouted without turning her head, “Supper is ready. It’s still hot, so eat slowly!”

“Mom, I’ve eaten outside!”

After their exchange, Zhang Tie rushed upstairs. As his elder brother was not home today, it was much more peaceful now. Lowering the staircase, Zhang Tie dashed into his attic cell. He then pulled up the staircase and plugged in the socket of the floor slab. Lighting the oil lamp, he lowered the curtains and the cold-proof double-layer wooden partition. Zhang Tie was alone in the narrow space and would never fear about being seen by others. He sat on his bed while continually gasping for air.

While he was still gasping, Zhang Tie couldn’t wait to take out the half piece of common pyrite and put it under the lamplight. His eyes widened…

The object wrapped inside the common pyrite was like a small crystal chicken egg that was carved with sophisticated and beautiful patterns. The patterns seemed as if it faintly formed an arched door. He noticed a miniature sapling inside the egg, which was really delicate and seemed to be naturally formed.

Two-thirds of the crystal egg had been exposed while the rest was stuck within the remaining common pyrite. Zhang Tie tried and easily pulled the crystal egg out of the cracked common pyrite. He then was able to see the entire object — it contained no “yolk” but a sapling instead while the “white part of the egg” was flowing with something akin to mercury. Zhang Tie carefully stared at the “mercury” and found that it was a colorful light fog that was exceptionally beautiful. The light fog was swirling about the sapling mysteriously. The faint flash that Zhang Tie noticed came from the colorful light fog.

Several blisters had formed on Zhang Tie’s palms after the spear training at noon. Perhaps due to Zhang Tie holding the common pyrite too tightly on his way back home, the blisters on his palms were pricked broken by the edges of the common pyrite. As a result, the common pyrite and the crystal egg were dyed with Zhang Tie’s blood. The crystal egg, being dyed with fresh blood, became not as beautiful. When Zhang Tie tried to clean the blood marks on the egg with his sleeve, he found that a small patch of dark blood could not be cleaned off. Instead, it penetrated into the crystal egg slowly. The blood mark gradually shrunk and became round. It slowly condensed into a drop of fresh blood at the top of the crystal egg. When the fresh blood condensed, the crystal egg began to shine brighter.

“Argh…” feeling hot, Zhang Tie naturally loosened his hold on the crystal egg. He was stunned because the crystal egg was steadily suspended in the air in front of the oil lamp with a faint glow. Zhang Tie was frightened and widened his eyes nervously. While he was confused and frightened, the small drop of blood finally came into being at the top of the crystal egg and dropped towards the small sapling in the center of the egg.

The moment the drop of blood fell, Zhang Tie felt dazzled; he felt as if he was falling from high altitude. He then saw the glowing crystal egg flying towards him. Almost at the exact same moment, he felt a sharp pain between his eyebrows. It seemed as if something had suddenly drilled into his brain, and as a result, Zhang Tie saw his vision dim and passed out...

He totally lost his consciousness then...

Zhang Tie finally recovered consciousness after a long time.

The first thing he felt was a cold feeling on his face. He was still somewhat frightened and didn’t know what had happened to him. After several seconds of thinking, Zhang Tie opened his eyes and realized his face was completely on the floor.

Rolling his eyes, Zhang Tie tried to climb up. Sitting on the bed, he found the lamp was still lit, although it was a little dim. He estimated that three to four hours had already passed. He stood up and pulled away the cold-proof partition on the window. It was pitch black outside, and the barking of dogs reverberated from afar which confirmed Zhang Tie’s judgment that it was currently midnight.

Hold on... Where was the crystal egg?

Zhang Tie was startled. He stared at his hands and looked around but found nothing except for the “fool’s gold” in his room. He picked up the half of common pyrite and observed it. The only thing he could see clearly was the smooth and round track in the common pyrite which told Zhang Tie that what had just happened was all true.

CouldCouldn’t it be that...it had flown away...

When Zhang Tie recalled that the crystal egg was suspended in the air, he checked everywhere in his room, including wall seams, doors, and windows. He found nothing and naturally accepted the above conclusion.

He took out a mirror from the drawer at the head of the bed. Besides the slightly pale face, he found no wounds between his eyebrows, thus he blankly sat on the bed for a while until his stomach thundered and reminded him that he had not eaten supper. Zhang Tie suddenly felt an unprecedented hunger and felt like he could eat an entire calfwolfing a calf.

Aside from the crystal egg event, the most critical thing for him was to fill his stomach. Otherwise, he would starve to death and the crystal egg would mean nothing to him.

Zhang Tie did not dare to make any noise as he carefully lowered the staircase. With an oil lamp in hand, he went down the stairs stealthily and found food in the kitchen. Thankfully, the staple food was boiled sweet potatoes, which were as delicious as when they were freshly boiled. There were seven or eight boiled sweet potatoes in the kitchen. Zhang Tie didn’t think much of it and wolfed them down in the fastest speed he could. Surprisingly, he noticed that his appetite had greatly improved. The sweet potatoes weighed more than 1 kg. Usually, he would only be able to eat half of them at most. What was happening? To his surprise, he only felt half full and thirsty at the same time. He drunk another two gourds of water and three more bowls of cooked rice brew. It was really an unprecedented experience.

Under the light of the dim lamp, he simply brushed his teeth and washed his feet before returning to his room. Removing all of his clothes, Zhang Tie laid on his bed as he tossed and turned; he couldn’t fall asleep at all. Finally, he made the decision to cultivate. Assuming the posture, he sat on the bed and evenly adjusted his breath. The moment he closed his eyes and visualized the abacus in his mind according to the book MENTAL ARITHMETIC BY ABACUS, he suddenly found something new in his mind. When Zhang Tie focused on it, he gradually recognized it. He almost cried out as it was exactly the simple yet brilliant arched door on the shell of the egg. The arched door was suspended in his deep consciousness. When Zhang Tie concentrated on it, it expanded quickly and became increasingly clear…

It seemed… seemed as if he could enter it, a hazy voice reminded Zhang Tie. Zhang Tie was also confused about this idea. Zhang Tie gazed at the arched door and said, “Enter!”. The miserable 15-year-old teenager would never have imagined that his life would be different from before at that point forward…

……



* * *





Chapter 13




Zhang Tie faintly felt that the surrounding environment had suddenly changed as if he instantly exited a tunnel while on a train. At the same time, Zhang Tie also felt warmer. He could smell a much fresher air, a smell akin to the park after it rained. Zhang Tie couldn’t help but open his eyes. When he did, he was really shocked with his mouth opened widely, saliva dripping.

What was presented in front of Zhang Tie was a square, broad, and empty land. Standing in the middle of the piece of land, Zhang Tie noticed that this land was several times larger than the Seventh National Male Middle School. He roughly measured the length and width of the land with his eyes and found that they were both at least 700m. It felt extremely open; there were only a few things left on the land. It seemed like a barren land with only one bulge at the center of the land. There was also a small tree as tall as a person not far away from Zhang Tie.

With great curiosity, Zhang Tie looked at the small tree.

It was growing well with its spreading branches and luxuriant foliage. Each leaf seemed as if it was flowing with a special brilliance, which made the tree very conspicuous. What amazed Zhang Tie was that the leaves were in various shapes and colors, making each leaf distinct from one another. How weird! However, Zhang Tie also felt strangely harmonious with the leaves of varying shapes hanging on the tree. The tree was neither made of gold nor wood; it was a material that nobody knew of.

Colorful fog swirled above the tree in ever changing shapes. Staring at the tree for a while, Zhang Tie naturally felt a sense of tranquility and peace.

What he had earlier seen in the crystal egg several hours ago was fully present in front of his eyes — the strange tree and the colorful fog…

“Am I dreaming?”

Looking at himself, he was wearing the same clothes he wore before going to bed — he only wore shorts. Even his posture in bed was unchanged. Zhang Tie pinched his !@#$% and realized that he was not dreaming, thus he got up and stood on his bare feet. Where he sat was just ten steps away from the tree. He moved towards it and circled it twice. He didn’t know why, but he felt a sense of familiarity with the tree. He felt that he and the tree shared a blood-tie.

Being a relative to a strange tree, Zhang Tie was almost driven mad.

Circling it for quite some time, he couldn’t figure it out. He only felt that there was something strange about those colorful leaves. Thus, Zhang Tie decided to further explore the land. As the soil was fine and smooth with a proper temperature and contained no impurities, Zhang Tie felt like he was standing on soft and wet sand, so he began to run in his bare feet. Although the area only covered slightly more than 0.5 km2 and was limited in space, it was still enough for Zhang Tie to make a dash. He explored the surrounding environment and the edge of this space. He could see the rolling colorful fog from far away. There was a strange elasticity that pulled Zhang Tie back from the barrier; therefore, he was never able to break through it. More than 300m away from the small tree, Zhang Tie found a black deep mire that was larger than 200m2. The mire was as black as ink, and it was still bubbling; however, there was no smell, which gave Zhang Tie goosebumps. After looking around, Zhang Tie found no other living being within this space besides himself, not even a single ant.

“Anybody here? Where am I?”...

“Can anyone tell me where I am?”...

“Anybody here?”...

Zhang Tie shouted yet got no reply, not even an echo. He spent another ten minutes to look around and finally ascertained that he really was the only living being here.

Therefore, Zhang Tie decided to start from the tree.

Circling the tree for a while, he felt increasingly intimate with it. Zhang Tie couldn’t help but touch the small tree that had splendid leaves. Touching it, Zhang Tie abruptly saw a semi-transparent pale blue dialog box that had a line in it and was startled.

——Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree

——The tree feels that energy is leaking from your body. With the leaking energy, you can produce Leakless Fruit. Do you want to produce it?

——Yes … No

There were two options below which Zhang Tie had never seen before. He was really stunned when he saw this. Moving his hands away, the dialog box disappeared; putting his hands on it, the dialog box re-appeared. He repeated this for many times and got the same response. Although he didn’t know what it was, he knew that it was definitely a great thing...

Although Zhang Tie didn’t know what energy was escaping from his body, he considered that the choice would do him no harm, thus he stretched out his hand and selected “Yes”. It was a strange feeling. Although there was nothing in front of Zhang Tie, when he pressed the option, he felt like he really pressed something ——

——Leakless Fruit in production, 168 hours away from maturation!

——Space management system template of Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree is established!

——Please name It. Attention, the name is permanent!

——Space name:———————— （followed by a line of sparkling spots）

The moment the old dialog box disappeared, a new one appeared. Seeing the line of sparkling dots behind the name of the space, Zhang Tie was stunned for a while. He then figured it out and replied — Castle of Black Iron!

After That, the four words appeared on the sparkling light spots. This also shocked Zhang Tie.

——Name of space: Castle of Black Iron!

——Enter … Back

Zhang Tie pressed the “Enter” button. Then, the old dialog box disappeared and a new one appeared.

——What do you want the system to call you?

——Your Name:————————（followed by a line of sparkling light spots）

Zhang Tie then naturally knew what to do next. After a while, he figured that nobody would even know. Even though he was a little arrogant, no matter what, he was not afraid of being called sick; therefore, he set his name — Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord!

“It should be ok, nobody would know!” Zhang Tie thought to himself faintly. Finally, he made a decision and pressed “Enter”...

——Castle of Black Iron and the Lord of Castle of Black Iron confirmed!

——Preliminary management system template of Castle of Black Iron has been established!

When the dialog box disappeared, Zhang Tie’s eyes turned bright once again. A semi-transparent pale blue icon, marked with a small tree in the center and “Castle of Black Iron” below the small tree, appeared in the upper left corner of Zhang Tie’s vision and started to sparkle. Becoming braver and braver, Zhang Tie touched the icon with his hand, and as a result, the icon instantly expanded in front of Zhang Tie while several lines of words appeared on the branch of the tree and became a tree-like menu.

There were four options inside:

——Basic Attributes of the Castle of Black Iron

——Space and Topographic Creation

——Living Beings and Species Management

——Produce Special Seeds and Fruits of Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree

Zhang Tie touched the first item, “Basic Attributes of the Castle of Black Iron”, which was between the root and the branch of the functional tree. All of a sudden, a new data window opened.

Castle of Black Iron

——Length: 1 Krosa (a length unit in ancient India)

——Width: 1 Krosa

——Aura Value: 0

——Merit Value: 0

——Basic Energy Storage：0

——Special Output: Void

“Length unit 1 Krosa? What’s that? How long does that mean?” Zhang Tie only heard about millimeter, centimeter, decimeter, meter, kilometer, sound second, and light second. However, what’s “krosa”? “I’ve never heard about that!” Zhang Tie looked at the other basic attributes and heaved a deep sigh.

It was completely empty. Although it had poor data, Zhang Tie became vigorous as he felt like starting from scratch. Even though he couldn’t understand the content, he continued to touch another button — “Space and Topography Creation”. Unexpectedly, the following words appeared in front of Zhang Tie:

——As the three storage values of Castle of Black Iron are 0, the Space and Topographic Creation Function is not available!

Touching another option, “Living Beings and Species Management”, a new window opened.

——Carbon Based Living Beings and Species Management

——Silicon Based Living Beings and Species Management

——Sulfur Based Living Beings and Species Management

——Other Living Beings and Species Management

This time, besides the first option, “Carbon Based Living Beings and Species Management” was available, while the other options were all gray. When Zhang Tie pressed the first button, a dialog box containing two messages jumped out.

——Input systematic resources into a biological population or an organism. You can help this living being mutate and evolve in an unprecedented way.

——The system has detected carbon based microorganisms on you, the Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord. When you entered the Castle of Black Iron, the Microorganisms System of the Castle of Black Iron started.

After the dialog box disappeared automatically, three new options appeared.

Among the three sub-options of animals, plants, and microorganisms, only the option “microorganisms” was activated and available.

Therefore, Zhang Tie touched the option of microorganisms.

Zhang Tie then saw the microorganisms that he “carried” into the Castle of Black Iron under the option of “Microorganism”. They were bacteria and microzyme. Everybody, more or less, carried bacteria. Some were good, while some were bad. The microzyme might have come from the rice brew at home. He remembered having drunk three bowls of rice brews downstairs just now. Some of the rice brew might have spilled onto his clothes and followed him into the Castle of Black Iron.

He touched the option “Microzyme”, which enlarged and looked like a drop before another new picture appeared.

To the left of the icon of “Microzyme” was a red cross. Under the icon, the system showed three sliders that were similar to schedule bars and respectively corresponded to the three basic attributes: aura value, merit value, and basic energy.

As it did not seem that complex, Zhang Tie simply glanced at it and understood their uses. The three sliders seemed to represent that you agree to input systematic resources into these living beings. Once you have decided to do that, the selected living beings or species would mutate and evolve to a certain degree.

Zhang Tie touched the other red cross beside the icon “Microzyme”!

—— Will you, the Handsome and Magnificent Castle Owner, kill these living beings using the rules of the space? Attention! Once it has killed, it will never revive.

——Yes… Cancel...

Zhang Tie was startled and hurriedly touched the “Cancel” option and decided to use this function as little as possible.

It seemed very interesting. Closing this window, Zhang Tie tried again and found the function “Produce Special Seeds and Fruits of Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree” was not available yet.

The Castle of Black Iron seemed to be full of secrets. When Zhang Tie was prepared to further study it, a dialog box appeared in front of him:

—— The system has detected that you, the Handsome and Magnificent Castle Owner, is already exhausted, both spiritually and physically. All functions are in negative conditions. As the aura value of the system is zero, it cannot provide a good environment for you to recover. It’s suggested that you, the Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, leave the Castle of Black Iron and return after you have recovered.

Meanwhile, the “door” in his consciousness also sent a slight wave to indicate that once Zhang Tie would like to leave, he just had to lock the “door” in his mind and think to himself, “Return”...

After that, Zhang Tie felt very sleepy. It was a really energy-consuming day He made a deep yawn, and after thinking for a while, he held back his desire to continue exploring. He locked the door in his mind and thought to himself, “Return”. He felt that feeling of traversing a tunnel once more. Zhang Tie’s eyes opened widely, as he didn’t know how he was out of there. He only felt that the door in his mind shook, and then he found himself standing on his bed and everything around him had instantly changed. What had happened just now seemed as if it came from nothing. It felt like a photographer pulled a line on the wall behind him to change the background when taking a picture of a family.

That was mother!@#$ing amazing!

Without recalling what had happened just now, Zhang Tie felt really sleepy and fell asleep instantly...



* * *





Chapter 14




The next morning when Zhang Tie woke up, he regretted two things: firstly, he didn’t hear his alarm clock go off and might be late for school, and secondly, he forgot to blow out the oil lamp, thus it continued to burn overnight. How wasteful!

Hurriedly blowing out the oil lamp, Zhang Tie put on his clothes. He then lowered the staircase and after walking down two steps, he realized something. He returned to his room and threw the remains of the common pyrite into a broken sundry box in the utility room before rushing downstairs.

Dad had already left for work by this time, only mom was at home. The porridge was prepared and being warmed by the water in the pot. Hearing Zhang Tie washing his face and brushing his teeth, his mom walked out of the rice brew store and helped Zhang Tie take out the breakfast from the pot. At the same time, she murmured, “Did you go to bed late last night? You should treasure your body!. Oh, I almost forgot. I already washed the underwear you hid in the drawer. Remember to take your underwear downstairs and throw them into the washing basin next time!”

Zhang Tie was rinsing his mouth, producing a “gulugulu” sound; however, when he heard what his mom had said, he instantly choked on the water. As a result, he coughed for quite a while before he was able to recover his composure. Perhaps due to choking or being irritated, Zhang Tie’s face suddenly turned red. When he couldn’t stand it anymore, he shouted, “Mom, I’ve told you more than three hundred times that I’ll wash my own clothes. Please don’t enter my room, I’m not a kid anymore!”

When Zhang Tie woke up yesterday morning, he didn’t have time to wash the pair of underwear that had traces of seminal fluid. Thus, he took it off and hid it in the drawer under the wardrobe. After he came back last night, his full attention was on the mysterious object; therefore, he forgot to wash it. When he recalled that his mom found his “secret” while she washed his underwear, he felt really shameful and wanted to hide in a hole in the ground.

“I know, our Guoguo has grown up. I brought you up, so it’s nothing strange…” Zhang Tie’s mom said without a care in the world. Zhang Tie realized that what he said just now was useless. He had no choice but to try his best to prevent it in the future. He needed to keep it a secret. Once other people knew about it, he would lose face.

Zhang Tie didn’t say anything. He wolfed down the porridge and ran out the door without even cleaning his mouth. He seemed to hear his mom’s murmuring, “Don’t run so fast when you’re full. Walk slowly…”

On the way to school, in order to arrive as soon as possible, Zhang Tie, for the first tme, spent two copper coins to take a trolley traffic vehicle for several stops. However, when he had hurriedly arrived at school, he heard the rings of the school bell that indicated that the second class was over.

Miss Daina’s class was over! As this was an even week in May, the first two classes on Friday were taught by Miss Daina, while during the odd weeks, they would be history classes.

Zhang Tie instantly became dejected. It was all his fault as he overslept.

Rushing to the amphitheater at school, as he expected, he could no longer see Miss Daina anymore. He only saw the undergraduate bachelors pouring out of the door and crowding into the washroom. Usually, when Miss Daina was in the classroom, those bachelors preferred not to leave the classroom to piss during the two hours so that they could keep looking at her attractive figure.

“Miss Daina is becoming more and more beautiful!”

……

“I met her last night in a dream!”

……

“I’ve observed her breasts for two hours, they are bigger yeah!”

……

“That round and sexy bottom is really mature, I really want to touch them!”

……

“I stood for two hours, it really was torture!”

Zhang Tie heard all talks about her when a crowd of bachelors passed by him. Nobody cared about what she taught in the biology class at all.

At last, the bachelors of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood also walked towards Zhang Tie. Zhang Tie saw them, and they also noticed Zhang Tie. Zhang Tie saw the fatty Barley winking his eyes towards him. Doug was also looking at him nervously, which made Zhang Tie confused.

“What’s up? Why are you late?”Barley patted Zhang Tie’s shoulder.

“Erm, I overslept!” Zhang Tie scratched his head coyly.

“Heh… heh… Don’t be too !@#$ing tired. If you consume too much energy, you’ll oversleep!” Hista always showed an obscene smile that was as evil as the acne on his face. Right then, the emphasized word “!@#$ing” really made people impressed.

“Your face seems pale today, did Hista hit the mark? I’ve experienced the benefits of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, so you must have had a hard time sleeping last night!” Leit gave him a surreptitious wink.

“What did Miss Daina teach today?” ignoring the two, Zhang Tie turned to Sharwin. Among the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, Sharwin was the only one who paid attention in Miss Daina’s class and was really good at making notes; therefore, he would always be laughed at by others.

“Simple treatment with rotten vine and the living habits of man-eating spiders. I can lend you the notes if you want!”

“Ok, let me have a look!”

“Hurry up, I can’t stand it anymore!” Bagdad urged. They then rushed into the washroom. However, Doug evidently slowed down. Seeing them leave, Doug silently drew Zhang Tie aside.

“Let’s be friends!” these words made Zhang Tie tremble.

Noticing Zhang Tie’s expression, Doug realized that his words were not precise enough, “Oh, no, I mean let’s be at peace!”

“At peace?” Zhang Tie gazed at Doug, “What do you mean?”

“If you don’t tell Bagdad about what happened to me yesterday, then I’ll forgive you about the vomiting thing. You know, I was seen by many people that day, so some guys have already started to call me the Monster Mucilage!” Doug dejectedly twisted his face.

Zhang Tie finally knew why Doug was cold to him for the past week. What a narrow-minded guy! “If anyone dares to call me the ‘Monster Mucilage’ at school and in front of Miss Daina, I swear I’ll beat them up until even their mothers won’t recognize them” Doug added.

“Well, let’s be at peace. I will not tell anyone about what happened yesterday!” Zhang Tie became generous since he didn’t want to give back the money. “But what will I say if Hista asked about you?”

“Tell them I entered and did her for three hours! I’ve already talked about this with Barley”

“Ok, you did her for three hours. Additionally, when you left, she felt reluctant to send you off. She then kissed you and asked you to come visit her next time!”

“Good brother!” Doug patted Zhang Tie’s shoulder excitedly as if he had met a bosom friend.

Zhang Tie could only succumb to him.

The next morning class was the carpenter class. For the next two hours, all the bachelors in Zhang Tie’s class would use the two-man saws to saw the wood in the practice workshop at school. Until the bell rang, they continued to saw wood until even their hands were swollen.

The classes in the afternoon were physique training and testing. As usual, Glaze would always attract all the attention. He renewed his records on the deep squats and the maximum continuous armor piercing strikes he made one week ago to 320kg and 123 attacks respectively. Even the instructor thought that Glaze was a natural born fighter.

Compared to the glorious Glaze, the achievements of most students in the Hit-Plane Brotherhood were as plain as the airport landing areas before the Catastrophe. Only Bagdad ranked in the top twenties in the 100m dash with a time of 10.8 seconds in the afternoon and became the only shining light in the Hit-Plane Brotherhood. As for the other members, take Zhang Tie for example, he had no records at all, as the instructor only recorded the achievements for the top 3 in each 100m dash. However, Zhang Tie’s achievements were always below tenth place. His best achievement was ninth place with a time of 11.6 seconds, while the record for third place of the group was 11.2 seconds. There were even four or five people ahead of Zhang Tie. Evidently, his record was nothing special in the group of undergraduate bachelors. As for the fat Barley, he definitely had one of the worst time among the group of undergraduates with a time of 13.7 seconds, though he was never ashamed of his record.

After the physique training class, Zhang Tie got his latest personal data:

Zhang Tie

100m——11.6s

Bench press——90kg

Deep squat——170kg

Explosive punch——right punch, 240kg; left punch, 190kg

Legs’ maximum stamping explosive——270kg

Maximum continual breaking-armor pricks——48 pricks

Endurance: 4

In the age dominated by fighting force, Zhang Tie’s achievements were as miserable as the 15-year-old youth. Before the first strand of meditation fire was ignited in the burning point of the Shrine, the physical difference between professional fighters and the average person of the same age was decisive and rarely overcome.

“I should ignite the meditation fire in my Shrine as soon as possible!” the 15-year-old teenager thought to himself urgently...



* * *





Chapter 15




"Why does this guy always run so fast after school?" seeing Zhang Tie waving his hands and disappearing, Barley smacked his lip and said languidly.

"Is he heading to the grocery store?" added Sharwin.

"He has to be there twice a week on Tuesday and Thursday. He was there yesterday, and today is Friday, so what would he do there?" Barley explained.

"Maybe he’s in a rush to get home!" Doug covered for Zhang Tie for the first time since they made peace.

"The males that go back home after school are hopeless!" Bagdad added proudly with arms crossed.

"What are your plans?" Leit asked Bagdad.

"I’m getting ready to apply for a part-time job at the Fierce Tiger Fighting Palace. This weekend, a couple of part-time waiters are needed over there. If I get employed there, I would be able to use the training equipment inside for free, and If I’m lucky enough, I might be able to meet several great fighters over there!"

"Well, good luck. That place belongs to the rich. I heard that Glaze would train for a few more hours in the fighting palace after school everyday…" Leit shrugged his shoulders.

"Glaze is always heading to the Fierce Fire Fighting Palace, which is one of the best fighting palaces in Blackhot City!" Bagdad admired. "If only part-time waiters are needed over there!"

The last few words Bagdad said made Barley disgusted.

"What about you, Leit? What are your plans for the weekend?" Sharwin asked.

After some hesitation, Leit decided to finally tell the truth, "My dad is going to take me to visit one of his old friends. He had arrived at Blackhot City just two days ago and was appointed as the vice director of the Storm Business Group in Blackhot City. Dad might be planning to pave a road for me! What about you, Sharwin?"

"I will be a private teacher over the weekend. 40 copper coins a day!" Sharwin became coy.

"Your dad is really narrow-minded. You’re only 15, yet he wants you to make money during the weekends?" Doug foolishly asked.

"It’s understandable. Shawin is the elder since he has two younger brothers. He should fulfill the responsibility of an elder brother."

"Yea, what about you, Hista? What are your plans?"

"Hoho, I have some spare money this month, so I plan to relax myself this weekend!" saying this, Hista kept thrustingraising his waist up.

"Son of a !@#$%, you saved your spare money for a month, including the money for your breakfast, just for that?" Bagdad said, shooting a contemptuous glare at him.

"I will die without doing women! After the first time, I now understand that I am living only for women..." Hista replied seriously. He then started murmuring with Barley with his arm wrapped around Barley’s shoulder

In this fashion on the last day of the school week, the core members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood chatted and joked freely before separating to do their own business.

Zhang Tie was running rapidly across the alleys neighboring the school. After running for about two blocks, he finally arrived at where he had always gone to — the train station at Wesley Avenue. Zhang Tie stood at the mouth of a small alley beside the station, breathing heavily as he gazed at the corner on the other side.

For the past two years, he had always waited here on numerous occasions and for the most part, he could see the one he was waiting for. In the past, he would always wait with many other students outside the school gate after school and followed her for almost two blocks. However, ever since the terrifying one-eyed man appeared, whichever horny student decided to follow her would be fiercely beaten by him. As a result, nobody dared to follow her anymore. However, Zhang Tie still stuck to it. Naturally, he didn’t dare to follow her in the usual manner, so he would come here to appreciate her after school each day, even if it was only for a single glance.

After Zhang Tie peacefully waited for more than ten minutes, a figure walked out from the corner of the avenue more than 40 meters away from the station. The moment Zhang Tie saw Miss Daina, he felt like he was appreciating a living painting instead of a person in front of him. At the sight of Miss Daina, Zhang Tie felt the whole world become alive, and the 15-year-old teenager felt breathless.

Walking towards him from afar, Miss Daina arrived at the station. The shadow that was more than 20 meters away from the mouth of the valley where Zhang Tie hid was the most beautiful. With the most beautiful hair, the most beautiful figure, the most beautiful clothes, the most beautiful legs, and the sexy black high heels, Zhang Tie felt that Miss Daina was the reincarnation of a goddess.

Her hair definitely smelt fragrant, just like her body fragrant. Gazing at her beautiful hair, Zhang Tie thought to himself, "What would it feel like if I touched it?" The teenager was in the mire of an illusion…

On the station platform, there were several passengers waiting for the vehicle and were talking loudly. However, when Miss Daina arrived, Zhang Tie realized that they lowered their voices. Even the two gentlemen who were reading the newspaper on the chairs silently began to sit straight up. A man even turned his head and silently adjusted his hair against the billboard beside the station.

Zhang Tie really hoped that the vehicle would never arrive. That way, he could continue to appreciate her. However, only five minutes later, a railed vehicle arrived slowly from afar. All the railed vehicles within the city were just smaller train with narrower rails, smaller heads, lower-powered steam-powered units, slower speed, and less capacity. They were naturally more available in the city.

When it was close to the station, the train slowed down, and a wisp of steam rose from the deceleration valve at the end of the coach. With one foot in the doorway, a man showed half of his body while waving a bell. He yelled to remind the passengers to cast their coins for tickets. The passengers then started to board the train.

Zhang Tie dejectedly couldn’t recover his composure until Miss Daina boarded and the railed train moved far away. He reluctantly walked home.

...

As it was the weekend, Zhang Tie’s elder brother, Zhang Yang, would also come back as usual. On each Friday, his family would reunite and eat supper together, thus the supper would be very superb today. His mom had boiled a pot of fresh beans with the remaining half of bacon. Before Zhang Tie entered the house, he could already smell the fragrance of the meat soup. When he saw the steaming oily and milky meat soup tumbling in the pot, Zhang Tie’s appetite instantly rose Taking the spoon against the pot, he scooped up a spoonful of soup. With cheeks puffing out, he heavily blew on it for a while. Although the soup was still hot, he wolfed it down quickly and the taste that could be described as happiness slipped into Zhang Tie’s mouth instantly.

"Greedy cattie, you can enjoy a bowl of soup first if you’re hungry!" his mom walked over from the rice brew store and scratched Zhang Tie’s head like what she used to do for the past ten years.

Swallowing his saliva, Zhang Tie replied, "No, I’m not hungry. Let’s wait for dad and elder brother!"

"Our Guoguo has grown up!" saying this, his mom tied her apron. "Dad is going to work overtime, so he’ll probably be back a bit late. You go take a look at the store, I’ll cook supper!"

"Okay!"

Half an hour later, Zhang Tie’s father returned. After greeting Zhang Tie, he went to the kitchen to help the mom. Twenty minutes later, Zhang Tie was about to sit at the dinner table, and just when he thought his elder brother might not come back tonight, Zhang Yang arrived. Zhang Yang was 1.88m in height and had a strong stature with fairly slim hands. Like Zhang Tie, his eyes and eyebrows were slightly longer and narrower, which gave him a sense of elusive spiritual energy. Wearing the pitch black military uniform of the City Guard Army of Blackhot City, he wore a yellow leather military belt with a copper buckle, had uniformed long sword that hung from his belt, and on his shoulder was a military emblem that signified that he was a sergeant first class. As the little captain of the City Guard Army of Blackhot City, he was almost a military officer.

Ever since Zhang Tie was a child, his elder brother has been always his idol.

Zhang Yang came back with a knapsack in hand. He opened the knapsack and took out two things and foisted them into Zhang TIe’s hands. "Open them, it’s enough for a meal!"

"Canned beef!" taking the two cans, Zhang Tie’s eyes turned bright as saliva began to pour out. Unexpectedly, his elder brother brought back such a good thing

"Sit here, I’ll open them... " his mom took the two cans away before Zhang Tie could respond. She put one of them in the cupboards when she went to get another pair of chopsticks for Zhang Yang in the kitchen. She opened only one can of beef. Seeing this, the three men at the table began to laugh. His mom was really shrewd and frugal when it came to their daily lives. All the family members have already gotten used to her.

"Elder brother, what else is in your knapsack?" Zhang Tie sharply gazed at the filled knapsack. In Zhang Tie’s eyes, his elder brother was like a magician who would always conjure many things.

"Look, here you are!" Zhang Yang directly tossed the entire knapsack into Zhang Tie’s hands. Zhang Tie couldn’t wait to open it, and when he did, a pair of black leather training shoes appeared before him. Additionally, there were two dark green sleeveless sweaters, and two pairs of dark green underwear. Leather shoes, sleeveless sweaters, underwear, towel, and soap were all personal living necessitiesutilities given to the City Guard Army in Blackhot City. These goods were in great demand in the black market of Blackhot City. His elder brother had saved them all for Zhang Tie. Looking a the new pair of leather shoes and then at the heavily worn out pair on his elder brother’s feet, Zhang Tie felt like crying.

"I’ve replaced them for you, their sizes should be suitable for you. Mom said you had grown up, so don’t cry!" when he said this, he stretched out his huge hand and rubbed Zhang Tie’s hair, making it a mess.

Hearing the last few words, Zhang Tie instantly felt that he was losing face. He became coy and irritated all in a moment. At the same time, the elder brother felt it was funny and murmured something to his dad. His dad also laughed out loud, not caring about how embarrassed the young soul was.

"Mom!" Zhang Tie cried unhappily.

"Well, well, supper time, I promise not to disclose it in the future~!" with an opened canned beef on the plate, mom walked over recklessly.

The family started eating happily...

"Don’t play outside in the evening during this period!" Zhang Yang told Zhang Tie at the table, "Blackhot City is not peaceful recently!"

"What’s happening?" his dad became a bit nervous. The mom also became alert. Only Zhang Tie was chewing on the beef tendon in his bowl dejectedly. "Any news?" added the dad.

"A couple of days ago, Sara, the number two of Bloody Hand Bucher of the Red-scarf Burglars Group, was captured in Andaman City. Yesterday, the alliance parliament voted to hang Sara. The Red-scarf Burglar Group then released news that they’re going to take revenge!"

"Will this… affect Blackhot City?" the dad doubted.

"When voting if they should hang the Bloody Hand Butcher, 11 of the 17 city-state representatives of the Andaman City-State Alliance agreed, including the representative of Blackhot City. Nobody knew how the voting results were disclosed, but the Red-scarf Burglars Group has targeted the 11 alliance members who voted "yes" for revenge. Blackhot city is remote geographically and at the northernmost end of the alliance, and its surroundings are matched with the weaker alliance forces; therefore, it might be the place that’s the most easily attacked by the Red-scarf Burglar Group!" the elder brother explained peacefully.

"Is the alliance deteriorating? How was the voting result of the alliance parliament leaked? There must be a spy in the alliance. For killers like the Red-scarf Burglars group, some may want to sympathize with them and want them alive…" the dad cursed cynically. "I don’t know whether there are any spies, but vacation for all the guards in the City Guard Army have been canceled for the following two months, so I can’t come back home for the next two months!" said the elder brother with his hands stretched out.

"Son, is it dangerous?" the mom worried.

"Mom, trust me, the Red Scarf Burglars are not strong enough to attack our city yet. Us members of the City Guard Army and the city defense of Blackhot City are sturdy enough. They could at most launch terrorist attacks and destroy in secret. We at the City Guard Army don’t feel too much stress, but you should watch out for yourselves!"

Opening his mouth, Zhang Tie wanted to pour out everything about the Castle of Black Iron at this moment. However, he clearly knew that if he told his secret to the family, it might cause an unpredictable catastrophe for the happy family since Zhang Tie, his elder brother, and even his dad and mom were trivial figures in Blackhot City. Zhang Tie had heard many similar stories. He remembered that the trivial figures in those stories had all died miserably. Therefore he decided that keeping it a secret might be the best choice.

After supper, his elder brother left, his dad went to black chess with the neighbors, which was his number one hobby, and his mom went to church. Before she left, she closed the door to their home. Zhang Tie was then left alone at home. After collecting and washing the bowls and chopsticks, Zhang Tie returned to his room. It was now the perfect time for him to further study the secrets in the Castle of Black Iron...



* * *





Chapter 16




To be honest, Zhang Tie sometimes felt that he was a lunatic. Like now, although he knew there was nobody home, Zhang Tie still checked his room carefully before he would enter the Castle of Black Iron. He then tightly closed the window in his room and the mouth of the staircase. After all, this was a special experience. Zhang Tie himself also didn’t know if there would be any strange sound or light when he entered the Castle of Black Iron. Besides astonishment and surprise, he also felt stressed about having to keep the secret. Hence, it would always be better to deal with it carefully.

After checking his room, Zhang Tie felt like he had forgotten something. His mind spun before he patted his head and murmured, “How could I forget this!?” Zhang Tie lowered the staircase and went downstairs to the courtyard neighboring the kitchen. On a wall of the courtyard hung two strings of dried corncobs. Zhang Tie took one of the corncobs, and after thinking for a while, he entered the kitchen and found two sprouted potatoes from a bag in the corner of the kitchen. He then returned upstairs, back to his room in the attic. Moving to the utility room, he found the two halves of the common pyrite that had been thrown aside. He also found an abandoned steel bar that was longer than a meter. Finally, he found the dagger which was given to him as a present by his elder brother from the drawer at the head of the bed. By either holding onto these articles or by hanging them onto his clothes, Zhang Tie kept his eyes closed in the room and started to touch the arched door in his consciousness.

It might have been because he had already experienced the Castle of Black Iron twice, but he was able to touch the door much faster this time. Within approximately twenty seconds after Zhang Tie had closed his eyes and slowed his breathing, the door had already appeared in his mind.

“Enter!” Zhang Tie thought to himself. He felt the surrounding rays of light slightly sway, and by the time he opened his eyes, he was already in that weird space.

——Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, welcome to the Castle of Black Iron!

Once again, a familiar systematic dialog box appeared in front of Zhang Tie and disappeared in several seconds.

“Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord”, “Welcome”. “Those are some really mother!@#$ing good words!” Zhang Tie thought to himself pleasantly. He then hurriedly checked his “equipment”.

With a steel bar in his right hand, a dagger buckled to his waist, potatoes and corn cobs in his left hand, and two halves of a common pyrite in his pocket, if someone had seen Zhang Tie’s weird appearance, they would definitely mistake him for a lunatic. They would never believe that Zhang Tie was thrilled at this moment

Zhang Tie sprung up from the ground and yelled with increasing excitement, “Great! I can actually bring things in.” Suppose he had not discovered the other functionalities of the Castle of Black Iron, this function alone would have already made Zhang Tie thrilled for a long time. This function meant that Zhang Tie could hide things in this secret warehouse and would definitely be useful in the future.

“I’m rich, I’m rich…” with his excitement rising, Zhang Tie spun many times on the ground before recovering his composure. Now that the first function of the Castle of Black Iron has been confirmed, it was the right time to look for its other functions. Thinking of this, Zhang Tie let go of the steel bar and potatoes that were held in his hands and pulled out the two pieces of common pyrite and the dagger that was buckled on his waist before throwing it all on the ground. After this, Zhang Tie squatted. Holding onto the dried corncob, he began to peel off the kernels. There were more than two hundred niblets on the corncob, which occupied almost half the space of the pockets on his trousers. After the niblets were removed, he threw away the bald corncob. Zhang Tie then held onto the steel bar, stood up, and began to look around.

The space was exactly the same as it was yesterday — the colorful fog swirled above the space, and the weird small tree and the black mire at the center of the space remained unchanged.

After circling the extremely spacious land, Zhang Tie finally selected a place and brutally inserted the sharp end of the steel bar into the mud.

Puh, 20cm of the steel bar was fully submerged into the mud.

“Oh, it’s a little bit deep. I remember that teacher said 10cm was enough,” Zhang Tie scratched his head bashfully and pulled the steel bar out of the mud. Given the quality of the mud, the moisture of the soil under this land was ideal, so Zhang Tie became more confident.

Puh, he inserted that end of the steel bar into the soil once more. Its depth this time was almost half of the previous attempt. “It’s ready,” Zhang Tie thought to himself. He then pulled out the steel bar, and a shallow hole appeared in the mud. He pulled out a dried niblet and placed it inside the hole before covering the hole with soil. In this manner, he sowed his first niblet; this was the simplest method to plant corn. Zhang Tie was filled with excitement. After he did it for the first time, the following attempts would be easier. Zhang Tie imitated what he had done the first time: steel bar in, make a hole, niblet in, and cover it with soil with 50 cm distance between the two holes.

Puh, a niblet in, bury it...

Puh, a niblet in, bury it...

Puh, a niblet in, bury it...

Puh, a niblet in, bury it...

Only after more than 10 minutes did Zhang Tie finally finish sowing all the niblets. He irregularly sowed them in seven or eight rows. After that, Zhang Tie ran back to the pile of articles he had left. He pulled out the dagger and sliced the two sprouted potatoes into five or six pieces. He returned to where he had sown the niblets and dug several pits in a row beside them with the dagger before he buried the potato pieces one by one. After all this work, Zhang Tie patted his dirty hands with satisfaction and smirked for a while. He then inserted the steel bar between the area with the niblets and the area with the potatoes as a marker.

The niblets were on the left side of the steel bar, while the potatoes were on the right. Whether or not they would grow up, only God would know.

Zhang Tie felt pretty happy when he had finished the second task in the Castle of Black Iron. Sorting through the articles, Zhang Tie walked towards the mire with black bubbles. He had already thought it through and came to the conclusion that everything in this space would be useful, including the black mire.

This time, Zhang Tie moved closer to the mire until he was at the edge. Naturally, Zhang Tie was no fool. He didn’t directly touch it, as this place gave him the feeling that it was extremely dangerous and that people should stay far away from it. Zhang Tie knew that if he touched it with his hands, the result would be extremely miserable.

After circling the edge of the mire twice, Zhang Tie could still not figure out what it was used for. Finally, his eyes turned bright as an idea came to mind. He needed to verify his idea, thus he went back to the two halves of common pyrite, took them into his hands, and ran back to the mire. About ten meters away from the mire, he waved his hands and threw one of the halves of the common pyrite into the black mire. The moment the common pyrite was cast into the black mire, Zhang Tie hurriedly opened the management panel of the Castle of Black Iron and clicked the Basic Attributes of Castle of Black Iron on the menu:

——Castle of Black Iron

——Length: 1 Krosa

——Width: 1 Krosa

——Aura Value: 0

——Merit Value: 1

——Basic Energy Storage: 0

——Special Output: Void

“The Merit Value has increased to 1. That’s strange, where did it come from?” Zhang Tie was slightly confused. However, all of a sudden, the value of “Basic Energy Storage” changed from 0 to 0.1. At the same time, the font of the option also became brilliant and alive, changing from a gray font to a raised blue font.

——Basic Energy Storage: 0.1 (blue)

The raised item reminded Zhang Tie of the “Enter” button in the system, thus Zhang Tie attempted to press the item “Basic Energy Storage”. As a result, a semi-transparent log window appeared in front of Zhang Tie. There were two tips on the dialog box. The first tip was at the top center of the dialog box and read:

——Everything in the universe is a manifestation of energy. Matter is a form of condensed low-frequency energy, and space is a form of sublime high-frequency energy. Therefore, all matter and space can be reverted to its original energy.

——At 20:38, May 13th, 889th year of the Black Iron Calendar, a common pyrite was converted by the Pool of Chaos. As a result, the Castle of Black Iron has gained 0.1 unit of basic energy storage!

“The strange black pool is called the Pool of Chaos. It’s somewhat useful; I can throw objects inside and convert them into the most basic energy. Isn’t it similar to the garbage disposal incinerator in Blackhot City? Garbage was burned in the incinerator, while the heat generated from it can be used to provide central heating for the residents in Blackhot City. By contrast, the Pool of Chaos seems much greater!” Zhang Tie’s excitement rose when he solved the problem and knew the function of the strange black mire. As for the first tip on the log, Zhang Tie blurrily felt that it was important, but he could not understand it at all. Hence, he ignored it.

“Energy? Matter? Space? What the !@#$!” Zhang Tie became irritated as he could not understand it. “It’s just a mother!@#$ing pool, a garbage treatment plant. What the !@#$?”

Closing the dialog window, Zhang Tie touched the “Merit Value” option. He clearly remembered the value of “Merit Value” was 0 last time. How could it have become 1 today? Additionally, the font color and state of the two words, “Merit Value”, were evidently the same as that of the “Basic Energy Storage”. He opened it without any hesitation.

Similar to the previous dialog window, there were two tips in the dialog that popped out.

——

Do good deeds and eliminate evil — the largest mercy in the Human World;.

Worship the gods and love the people — the nearest stairway to heaven;

Lucky people, please show the mercy of the creator to the secular world, so that the Gods can understand you;

Please receive the most sincere pleasures and appreciation presented to you by the hundreds of millions of living beings;

Please end the evil souls and the endless darkness to become the light, and when you are the light, you are definitely walking on the light and a magnificent road will be prepared for you.

The first tip on the log brought Zhang Tie a huge impact. Reading it, Zhang Tie’s eyes inadvertently became wet. When he read the second tip, his tears kept flowing down.

——On the evening of May 13, 889th year of the Black Iron Calendar, Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord ate together with his family members. You took initiative and washed the bowls after supper, cleaned the kitchen, and kept your house clean, which made your parents appreciative. Therefore, you gained 1 Merit Value.

It turned out that dad and mom were so easily happy!

Although the problem of “Aura Value” has not been solved yet, he had already gained a lot. In a complex mood, Zhang Tie left the Castle of Black Iron. All of a sudden, he returned and stood for a period of time before rushing out of his room madly.

Three hours later, when Zhang Tie’s dad and mom opened the door, they found that the house was clean, including the floors, walls, table, and chairs, as if they were new. Everywhere was well cleaned, even the places and corners piled with sundries. Being startled, the dad and mom stood there for quite a while.

“What happened? We were just out for two hours, did we open the wrong door?” Zhang Tie’s dad felt it was strange.

Opening her mouth, Zhang Tie’s mom doubted that there was something wrong with her eyes. Right then, lifting a barrel of water in one hand and a map in the other hand, Zhang Tie walked upstairs. At this moment, they understood.

“Son, did you do this?” the dad stared at Zhang Tie with a weird look.

“Yea!” Zhang Tie smiled, wiping the sweat from his forehead.

“Son, what’s wrong? Don’t scare me!” the mother stretched out a hand to touch Zhang Tie’s head nervously. Usually, Zhang Tie had never been that enthusiastic and diligent, although he had also taken initiative to help with some housework in the past.

Hearing this, Zhang Tie became moved and bashful. “Dad, mom, I’m ok. Whatever, I’m free anyway, so here’s a surprise! How about it? Are you happy?”

A surprise from their son? Zhang Tie’s dad and mom looked at each other. Heaving a deep sigh, they showed a smile, nodded, and replied, “Happy!” in unison.

Zhang Tie also smiled, feeling endlessly satisfied...

Lying on the bed, Zhang Tie entered the Castle of Black Iron once again and threw the remaining half of the common pyrite into the Pool of Chaos so as to eliminate the last evidence of the Castle of Black Iron in this world. He opened the Basic Attributes Panel of the Castle of Black Iron:

——Castle of Black Iron

——Length: 1 Krosa

——Width: 1 Krosa

——Aura Value: 0

——Merit Value: 2

——Basic Energy Storage: 0.2

——Special Output: Void

As expected, “0.1” was added to the Basic Energy Storage. Opening the dialog box of the Merit Value, Zhang Tie saw a new log:

On the evening of May 13, 889th year of the Black Iron Calendar, Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord took the initiative and cleaned his home and made his parents happy. As a reward, you have gained 1 more Merit Value.

With a satisfactory smile, Zhang Tie fell asleep……



* * *





Chapter 17




As the old saying went, “Kids in poor families always grow up early”. Zhang Tie had already begun to help his parents with housework ever since he was a student in preliminary school. His dad worked diligently in the mill, while his mother stayed at home and sold rice brew as a side job. In this manner, they brought up Zhang Yang and Zhang Tie.

In the past, Zhang Tie didn’t know how to treasure his parents. Two years ago on a weekend when he was home, he found his mom doing housework even after closing the rice brew store. He noticed his mom’s slightly plump and fat back as she mopped the floor. It was completely different from the slim and beautiful figure that he had in his mind from when he was a child. All of a sudden, Zhang Tie felt frustrated and grew up overnight. He started to understand that a man should be responsible for his family and parents. From that day forward, Zhang Tie would stay home every weekend and help his mom with the housework, while other kids played outside. Naturally, Zhang Tie also learned how to make rice brew from his mom. A year ago, the rice brew made by Zhang Tie was already the same as those made by his mom. By then, even the regular customers failed to notice that half of the rice brew was made by Zhang Tie.

Oddly enough, Zhang Tie didn’t have any dreams last night and fell asleep very easily. When Zhang Tie opened his eyes at 6:00 am, the sky was still slightly dim. Zhang Tie glanced at the clock and found it was just 6:15 — a time when young people were reluctant to get up. In Zhang Tie’s memories, he has rarely got up before 7:00 am. Closing his eyes, he planned to have a nap; However, he was unable to fall asleep again. He felt clear-minded and energetic all over and didn’t feel like sleeping at all. He felt as fresh as a white cabbage being scooped from the water after soaking overnight. He usually felt sleepy when he woke up in the morning; however, today, he felt like a polished superb crystal that was free of impurities.

After failing to fall asleep, Zhang Tie decided to get up instantly. With only a pair of underwear on, Zhang Tie twisted his bottom as he stood beside his bed. No matter what he did, nobody could see him. He continued to stretch his waist by rotating it sixty circles clockwise and sixty circles counterclockwise, ignoring the obscenity of his actions. He had become used to this habit. His father had told him that men should twist their waists in the morning to strengthen their Yang Qi. Zhang Tie had always kept this in his mind, and later on, he slightly understood it. One day, when he saw his elder brother doing the piston movements with a woman, he understood the function of strengthening one’s Yang Qi. Henceforth, he would slightly practice this series of actions every morning. Although Zhang Tie was still a virgin, for more than ten years, with the exception of his wet dreams, he had not ejaculated once. Men… hm… hm... always wished to be more fierce in that aspect.

The moment he began to do that exercise, Zhang Tie lowered his head and noticed a high-raising tent. Removing his underwear, he found his !@#$% to be really big. Raising its head with blue veins all over, it was truly terrifying. Zhang Tie tried to bend it, but it was as hard as a stick.

“Stand for a while. Maybe one day, you will perform well!” Zhang Tie thought to himself.

After twisting his bottom, he opened the small window in the attic. He lifted his legs and stretched waist several times. Zhang Tie then put on his clothes and lightly stepped downstairs. After cleaning his teeth, he made breakfast for his family. Their breakfast consisted of nothing but porridge. The rice had already puffed well last night and had already turned soft. These grains of white rice were really appetizing.

After the rice grains were puffed, Zhang Tie started to make a fire. Blackhot City was rich in coal resources, thus coal was very cheap in Blackhot City. Residents were able to buy a small wheelbarrow full of coal cinder balls made from broken coal cinders with a few dozen copper coins. Although coal cinder balls were cheap, skill was necessary to burn them in the chamber of a stove. Thankfully, after many years of “practice”, Zhang Tie had already become very familiar with this. In the past, Zhang Tie needed the aid of some pine oil to help ignite it, but he was now able to make fire with the coal cinder balls within ten minutes without the usage of pine oil.

Ten minutes later, Zhang Tie made a fire in the chamber of the stove. He washed the pot and began to boil water. With the fierce flames under the pot, the water soon began to boil. He then put the puffed rice into the pot and covered it. Zhang Tie glanced at the fire and smiled. He found it very satisfying to faithfully serve his family and give them a surprise.

It would take at least one hour to boil the puffed rice in the pot, thus he had a lot of free time. He walked around the kitchen and thought for a while. Zhang Tie then fetched several big ceramic mugs from the rice brew store, retrieved some water from the well in the backyard, and thoroughly washed them. After he finished washing the mugs, he put them under the eaves of the backyard to dry them. At this moment, day had already broken. After working for almost an hour, Zhang Tie’s forehead was covered in sweat. The moment Zhang Tie had placed the last ceramic mug under the eaves, he found his mom standing at the doorway from the kitchen to the backyard, staring at Zhang Tie in surprise.

“Guoguo, what are you doing?”

“Ah, mom, I got up early, so I wanted to do something with my hands!”

“Foolish boy, you’re not grown up yet, you can’t just get up so early!” his mom walked over and wiped the sweat off Zhang Tie. She went and removed the pot lid to check the porridge. Looking at the porridge, she knew when Zhang Tie got up. “Go take a nap. You’ve finished most of the housework this morning. Come down and eat breakfast when you wake up!”

“Mom, I’m really not sleepy!” Zhang Ti explained languidly.

“Come here, tell mom. Have you gotten a girlfriend recently and spent all the money I gave you? I feel like you were strange since last time…” His mom moved closer to him and added, “If you want money, I’ll give you some. A man should be generous to attract a girl. I have some saved up money, but you can’t tell your dad about it!”

Staring at his mom, Zhang Tie was at a loss of words. What!? In the end, his protests were useless and was almost kicked back upstairs by his mom while his ears were pinched. His mom insisted for him to take a nap...

“You are still growing, so you have to sleep more to grow taller!” Seeing his mom’s murmuring shadow, Zhang Tie was moved and went back to his room and pretended to return to sleep.

But in reality, he was not able to fall asleep at all. Thinking for a while, he tightly closed the door and the window of his room and entered meditation for the Castle of Black Iron once more. Due to experiencing this a couple of times, he was able to link to the Castle of Black Iron much easier than before. This time, the door appeared naturally in his mind, almost at the moment Zhang Tie closed his eyes and thought about the “Castle of Black Iron”. He said to himself “Enter” and entered the Castle of Black Iron.

——Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, welcome to the Castle of Black Iron!

The same dialog box appeared in front of Zhang Tie’s eyes and disappeared instantly. although it was disgusting, Zhang Tie was really happy each time he saw the appellation that he made for himself.

Handsome… Magnificent… Lord... Hahahhaha...

Raising his chest, Zhang Tie stood still and looked around. Through his naked eyes, he found no change to the land — a strange small tree, a vast land, plus the steel bar he erected.

He then circled the strange small tree, the “Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree”, twice and found no changes which made him lose interest. He decided to check on the seeds he sowed yesterday. When the niblets and potatoes came to mind, his excitement instantly rose. He ran to the marked land and squatted on the ground to observe them carefully.

Only a night had passed, nothing had happened to the niblets at all. Zhang Tie was also not that anxious, as he had learned at school that it would take about a week since it was buried in the soil for a niblet to sprout. It was still too early at this point. Thinking of this, Zhang Tie patted his head fiercely and cursed that he had forgotten to water them. This was a really low level error; however, it was still not too late to remember it. He planned to bring in two barrels of water next time. After checking the buried niblets, he moved to the buried potatoes. Surprisingly, some of the stubborn potatoes had already sprouted. He specifically put those sprouted parts upside down yesterday when he buried them. Unexpectedly, some of them should have sprouted this morning. The fresh saplings broke out overnight. Like bean sprouts being soaked in water overnight, they had grown up a lot. The potato with the largest twig had already sprouted out two fresh tender shoots. Marvelous!

Zhang Tie was thrilled, “Mother!@#$er, with this land alone, I would never have to worry about starving to death even if only potatoes could be planted in it!” Zhang Tie could only make this association at this moment.

After a while, Zhang Tie opened the basic attributes panel of the Castle of Black Iron:

——Castle of Black Iron

——Length: 1 Krosa

——Width: 1 Krosa

——Aura Value: 0.3

——Merit Value: 3

——Basic Energy Storage: 0.2

——Special Output: Void

Merit value rose by 1 as expected. Aura value also rose from 0 to 0.3 which instantly attracted the attention of Zhang Tie...



* * *





Chapter 18




Fascinated by the “Aura Value” option, Zhang Tie couldn’t wait to open it. Being similar to the two other options opened yesterday, there was a message at the top of the log about the “Aura Value” of the Castle of Black Iron. Compared to “Merit Value” and “Basic Energy Storage”, “Aura Value” gave Zhang Tie a better understanding of this world.

——Plants perform as the bridge between matter and living beings. Aura originates from the life energy produced from the combination of plants and matter. It is the basis that all living beings rely on to survive and evolve in which the universe and mother nature can coexist in harmony. The more aura value, the faster the plants will grow. With aura value, other living beings can become more energetic and further evolve.

Similar to the logs of the two previous options, the description of aura value shocked Zhang Tie once again. Zhang Tie read it more than ten times repetitively and finally understood why everybody liked the color green. Green was the color of plants, and plants represented the existence of aura, food, water sources, and all other living beings. A greener place meant more plants and more living beings. Try to imagine which would be a better place for humans to survive and reproduce: an unsettled desert or a lush mountain forest. Naturally, the latter option was more proper, as it contained more living resources and aura or life energy.

A tiny seed buried in the soil could grow into a towering tree in several years. When you think about it, isn’t that spectacular? It was still a seed without soil; however, it’s a life form that changes greatly in the soil. The change is due to the release of life energy when the two combined. Plants convert matter and energy that could not be directly absorbed and utilized by people and animals into visible food, fresh air, and invisible aura which would nourish all living beings and built a bridge between matter and living beings. As far as Zhang Tie was concerned, the rule of the harmonious coexistence between the universe and mother nature was a benign interaction between matter, plants, and all living beings. Plants could constantly provide aura for all living beings, while the living beings should ensure that the process of aura provision was not destroyed as well as creating proper environments for plants. A teacher once taught him that the reason the human world deteriorated and broke down before the Catastrophe was essentially due to human beings constantly destroying mother nature and violating the rules of the universe. At that time, human beings were extremely arrogant. They treated everything provided by mother nature and the universe as resources and objects that could be willingly plundered and destroyed rather than their homeland and co-inhabitants which they could rely on. Instead of giving gratitude and repayment, people were constantly demanding more and more. As a result, a series of problems occurred. This explained why the orthodox school education system treated the arrival of the Catastrophe and the Star of God as the disaster of human beings, while many extreme sects considered them as the rebirth of human beings. In the eyes of the extreme sects, the Catastrophe and the Star of God represented the end of the wrong behavior of human beings and the beginning of the new behavior for human beings.

Finishing reading the first message, Zhang Tie thought for a while before moving his eyes onto the next message that automatically appeared:

——On the evening of May 13, 889th year of the Black Iron Calendar (Friday), some potato seeds have begun to sprout in the Castle of Black Iron. The aura in the Castle of Black Iron has been slowly increasing. Attention, Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord. The aura in the Castle of Black Iron grows directly proportional to the quantity and the variety of plants within the space. The more high-end plants that could form different levels of life energy required by the Complete Ecological System, the more aura would be provided for the space within the unit time.

After reading the second message on “Aura Value”, Zhang Tie was very happy, as he had figured out another secret about this mystical space. He learned that several sprouted potatoes could provide 0.3 unit of aura value for the Castle of Black Iron overnight. What about other plants? Take those purple-leaf parasol trees on both sides of the street neighboring his home for example. Although Zhang Tie had not learned too much about the classification of plants, he could still instinctively feel that a tree could provide more aura to the space than several potatoes. As for how much aura would be provided by the tree, Zhang Tie could not answer it for the time being; however, this didn’t matter. Zhang Tie glanced over the spacious space and thought to himself, “Whatever it is, if only it could grow up.” Other unlikely and weird ideas came to Zhang Tie’s mind. As he was in the Castle of Black Iron currently and there were many more secrets to be discovered, Zhang Tie had to put down the unlikely and weird ideas for the time being.

Closing the basic attributes of the Castle of Black Iron, Zhang Tie touched another branch on the menu and opened the “Space and Topographic Creation” option. When he selected this function last time, the system tip stated, “As each of the three storage values of the Castle of Black Iron is 0, the ‘Space and Topographic Creation’ function is unavailable!” Zhang Tie really wanted to see what the surprise was when none of the three storage values were 0.

When he opened the “Space and Topographic Creation” option, there was truly a surprise — a menu of three lower-class items appeared as follows:

——Surface Layer

——Crypt Layer

——Underwater Layer

The options of “Crypt Layer” and “Underwater Layer” were both gray. According to his experiences, Zhang Tie knew that they were currently not available, thus he pressed the option “Surface Layer”. Once it was opened, a three-dimensional image of about 0.09 m2 appeared in front of Zhang Tie. After careful inspection, Zhang Tie found that this three-dimensional image was a miniature map of the entire space of the Castle of Black Iron. The entire image was so intricate that even the steel bar that Zhang Tie used to mark the ground was displayed. Feeling like the image in front of him should be able to rotate for convenient observation, Zhang Tie attempted to rotate the virtual three-dimensional image. Unexpectedly, it truly rotated along the direction of Zhang Tie’s force and presented the original appearance of the Castle of Black Iron from a different point of view. Zhang Tie’s excitement rose as he continued to rotate the image by 360 degrees and viewed his Castle of Black Iron from all possible angles. Besides the function of rotation, Zhang Tie also found that any part of this three-dimensional image could be enlarged or shrunken. When he moved his two hands to opposite directions on the map in a manner that was akin to drawing open the door curtain, the map would enlarge. Similarly, when he put his two hands on the map and drew them close to one another in a manner that was akin to closing a window, the map would shrink. When he moved one hand towards a direction, the angle of the view on the map also changed. He could observe each detail on the map in a more intricate manner through a casual change of size and view angle.

Really interesting! Zhang Tie played with the three-dimensional map as if he was playing with a magic square or a toy. He made drawings in the air to enlarge or shrink the entire three-dimensional map. He kept playing with it for more than ten minutes before he carefully studied other details. Even now, it was named “Space and Topographic Creation”. It was never just that simple.

He found no other functional options on the entire three-dimensional map. The moment he felt curious and wanted to do some “creation”, a line appeared before his eyes.

—— Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, all creations are in line with the concepts of “Visualized Creation”. Namely, once any topographic image in your mind is cast onto the map, the Castle of Black Iron could create it for you.

What the !@#$! So easy! Zhang Tie was determined to give it a try. Adjusting the map so that he was directly looking down on it, Zhang Tie gazed at a location on the upper left area of the map and imagined a pond of more than ten square meters. Gradually, a pale blue shadow of more than ten square meters appeared in that region. Although it was blurry, its outline was generally consistent with what he had in mind. Visualization was really energy consuming. With Zhang Tie’s present capabilities, he could not completely imagine all the details of the pond; therefore, the pale blue shadow of the pond was unclear on the map. He was unable to present it clearly no matter how much he concentrated on the pond in his mind. At this moment, another message appeared:

——Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, the completeness of the details of your created topography is lower than 5%. Do you want the system to use the Optional Nature Creation Law to compensate for the lacking details? After the Nature Creation Law is used to complete the establishment, the Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord can adjust it manually!

——Yes … No

Naturally, he chose “Yes”. The moment he pressed the “Yes” option, the blurry, pale blue pond became clear. As imagined by Zhang Tie, a more natural and life-like pond appeared in the upper left corner of the map. Staring at the virtual scene, Zhang Tie heaved a deep sigh. Although somewhat losing face, he had to admit that the system did it better than himself. After the past few days of practicing Mental Arithmetic by Abacus, the only thing he could visualize was an abacus. For his current self, it was difficult to even visualize an abacus, let alone a pond.

After the general topographic creation, the alleged “manual” adjustments became much easier. Namely, the general topographic creation adjusted the “size” and “outline” of the pale blue virtual scene, and its “location” on the map was made by making hand gestures as if one were kneading dough. As for other more detailed aspects, he could not create them with his hand. However, the “Space and Topographic Creation” function was a dozen times more interesting and convenient than Zhang Tie had anticipated. With this function, Zhang Tie saw the entire Castle of Black Iron as a very big, interesting toy — really mother!@#$ing interesting!

Zhang Tie was very thrilled and almost sprang up. However, as he was grinning, a line of words appeared on top of the pale blue pond and instantly shocked Zhang Tie:

——This Topographic Creation Requires the Following Resources:

Basic Energy Storage——56879;

Aura Value——6878;

Merit Value——912

Do you want to create it?

——Yes … No

Create crap! Staring at those items and the data behind them on the Basic Attributes column, Zhang Tie almost cried. According to the present schedule, even if he did all the housework, including sweeping the floor and washing clothes, he could only gain 3 merit values a day. It meant that he would have to do housework for at least two years to accumulate 912 points of merit value. As for aura value, he could see a beacon of hope from the sprouted potatoes. It could be easily achieved by planting more on the land. Once the plants were alive, the aura value would grow constantly. However, the basic energy storage made Zhang Tie really desperate. It required 56879 units of basic energy storage. The common pyrite that weighed almost 1 kg could only be traded for 0.2 units of basic energy storage when thrown into the Pool of Chaos. Did it mean that the 56879 units of basic energy storage required at least 140,000 kg (or 280 tons) of common pyrite?

Zhang Tie finally realized that he could not afford the huge toy known as “Space and Topographic Creation”. It seemed that this system complied with the strict law of “equivalent exchange”, implying that without sufficient resources being listed, the system would ignore you. Everything inside this space required the consumption of various materials and large amounts of efforts. No pie dropped from the sky even though the “Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord” spent efforts for the achievements. That’s why not everybody could afford this huge toy!

Zhang Tie had no other choice but to check the other functions to find one that was affordable.

He then closed the “Space and Topographic Creation” option and opened the “Living Beings and Species Management” option...



* * *





Chapter 19




Touching the “Living Beings and Species Management” option, Zhang Tie did not see a dialog box like he did previously. Instead, he saw a miniature icon. He presumed that the dialog box appears only when it was tapped for the first time, which would not have appeared automatically had he not taken the initiative to look it up in the past. What appeared in front of Zhang Tie now was the following lower-level function tree of “Living Beings and Species Management”:

——Carbon-Based Living Beings and Species Management (Green, Activated)

——Silicon-Based Living Beings and Species Management (Gray, Not Activated)

——Sulphur-Based Living Beings and Species Management (Gray, Not Activated)

——Other Living Beings and Species Management (Gray, Not Activated)

Zhang Tie then directly touched the “Carbon-Based Living Beings and Species Management” option, as he found the other items to be difficult to be understood. He remembered that Miss Daina had taught them that carbon-based living beings had already been identified by human beings before the Catastrophe. Cells of the carbon-based living beings definitely contained the carbon element, as they were the basis of the organism. It seemed that all living beings in this world was carbon-based, including plants, microorganisms, and even magical beasts, let alone human beings and animals. As for silicon-based or sulphur-based living beings, Zhang Tie had never heard of them at all. They were totally foreign to Zhang Tie, thus he ignored them.

After opening “Carbon-Based Living Beings and Species Management”, Zhang Tie saw the following three sub items again:

——Microorganism Management

——Plant Management

——Animal Management

The option “Animal Management” turned gray, indicating that it was unavailable. Since Zhang Tie tried the “Microorganism Management” option last time, he touched the “Plant Management” option this time.

Then, a message appeared in front of Zhang Tie:

————On the evening of May 13, 889th year of the Black Iron Calendar, the system has detected that the Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord has entered the Castle of Black Iron with plant seeds; therefore, the Plant Management System of Castle of Black Iron has been activated.

The message disappeared two seconds later, and a new window that only contained a three-dimensional icon of a 360-degree rotating potato appeared. Zhang Tie touched it lightly and opened it. He then saw the same scene as the one when he had opened the “Microorganism Management” option.

There was still a red cross beside the potato icon, and there were three sliders that could be moved to the right. The three sliders represented aura value, merit value, and basic energy storage.

Looking at the number 3 on the merit value icon for a while, Zhang Tie slid it to the right slightly. As a result, the number 2 appeared precisely on the right of the slider, and the number 3 that appeared under the merit value label turned to 1.

Then, Zhang Tie pressed “Enter”.

Another message appeared:

——Please choose your target to inject the resource into!

Followed by three options:

——The entire population of this species in the space of the Castle of Black Iron!

——The population of this species in specific areas or spaces of the Castle of Black Iron!

——One or multiple individuals of this species in the Castle of Black Iron!

Zhang Tie chose the third option, and a three-dimensional map that similar to what he had just seen appeared in front of him. Each potato pit was marked on the map with red sparkling numbers. Zhang Tie touched “No.1 Pit” on the map, which was the one nearest to the steel bar. The sparkling number of “No.1 Pit” changed from red to green and no longer sparkled. Zhang Tie then touched the option “Enter”.

Due to the limited merit values, he couldn’t be certain of its effects even if he injected it into just a single potato seed, let alone more.

——On May 14, 889th year of the Black Iron Calendar, Handsome and magnificent Castle Lord injected two merit value points into a potato seed to stimulate its mutation and evolution.

——Mutation and evolution is expected to be finished in 56 days. Please wait patiently, Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord.

The two messages appeared for two seconds and disappeared automatically.

Zhang Tie also had no way to ascertain whether his input was effective or not. After all, it was only two points of merit value and nothing else, not even aura value or basic energy. It would be a surprise if it was a success, and if he failed, he would just see it as an interesting thing. No matter what, he was still in the process of exploring the Castle of Black Iron.

Closing “Living Beings and Species Management”, Zhang Tie opened the last item, "Production of Seeds and Fruits of Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree”, on the systematic function tree, which was related to the small tree. Before opening it, Zhang Tie had already instinctively known that the small tree was the core of the Castle of Black Iron. Although the previous options were also great, they were just affiliated attributes when compared with the small tree, just like the green leaves on it.

He opened it and the following message appeared:

——Is the universe a friendly place? This is the largest problem that all living beings face and the ultimate pursuit of living beings. From then on, you can loudly answer, yes!

The message disappeared in two seconds. Zhang Tie didn’t even comprehend it before an image appeared in front of him. As a result, Zhang Tie’s attention was instantly attracted as he stared at the dense introduction on the image and was stunned.

One minute later, Zhang Tie started to drool...

Two minutes later, Zhang Tie’s pupil enlarged and sparkled...

Three minutes later, Zhang Tie started to sweat all over...

Four minutes later, Zhang Tie started to gasp...

Five minutes later, Zhang Tie’s face turned red with hands shivering...

Six minutes later, Zhang Tie felt breathless...

Seven minutes later, Zhang Tie’s heart began to pound...

Eight minutes later, Zhang Tie’s eyes turned white. He covered his chest with his hands as he fell down on the ground directly with his mouth opened and passed out.

Try to imagine a person who kept begging for food in the streets for fifteen years and was always mocked by others. One day, he was suddenly captured by a troop of soldiers and was taken to a place that was as magnificent as a paradise — a place that he had never seen even in his dreams. Then, a group of tender and sexy beauties with plump breasts would help him take a bath and put luxurious clothing on him. They would provide him with dainties of every kind. After going to the washroom three times, he was taken to a palace and was pushed to the only gold seat in the palace. A multitude of people would begin to kowtow in front of him and called him “Your Majesty”. The beggar must have been scared to death as he asked, “Why?”. It turned out that the old emperor had died a couple of years ago, and the successive heirs ranked from No.1 to No.800 fought and died for the throne, leaving no survivors. Thus, the imperial bloodline was completely destroyed and the grand emperor lost his legitimate heir. The chancellors were really anxious, so they racked their brains to find a solution. Finally, they found that the old emperor had raped a girl who was selling matches when he was thirsty for sex while he was privately traveling outside the imperial palace. After being pregnant for ten months, the girl gave birth to the kid before passing away. That kid then became an orphan. Naturally, he failed to learn how to sell matches, and neither did he know that his dad was the bastard emperor. However, should he be invited to be an emperor, what would the beggar do?

Looking at Zhang Tie, who was twitching and foaming at the mouth, he was that beggar now.

Is that true? Zhang Tie asked himself before he passed out...

Probably… maybe… perhaps… somewhat… true! Zhang Tie replied to himself without confidence.

He then lost consciousness in darkness and happiness...

Passing out was actually a self-protection mechanism. When a person’s spirit or body reached their limit, this protection mechanism would be activated. As a result, you would be able to face all difficulties. Sad people would become firm and brave, weak people would recover their physique and vitality, while the happy people would become calm.

Once you woke up and dared to face it bravely, you would find that it was just so so!

Half an hour later, Zhang Tie woke up. Lying on the ground of the Castle of Black Iron, he opened his eyes. Looking at the ever changing color of the clouds that were swirling in the sky of the Castle of Black Iron, he finally calmed down and became rational.

He was not a beggar, and there was no throne waiting for him. Zhang Tie was just a 15-year-old commoner in Blackhot City. A miserable teenager who fell in love with Miss Daina secretly and dared not to look her in the eyes. Luckily, he picked up a special common pyrite from the roadside, thus he owned more possibilities later in his life. He really wanted to know which passing-by God or Buddha was happy that day and pointed a bright future for him.

Not every fortune could definitely be converted into power nor make your dreams come true. On the road from fortune to power and dreams, you have to work harder, harder, and harder! God only helps those who help themselves! This was the only rule for all commoners in the Age of Black Iron. Besides, all those lucky commoners should bear one tip in mind: before you are able to safeguard this fortune, you should never let others know that you are a lucky man.

...



* * *





Chapter 20




For Zhang Tie, the two-day holiday passed by quickly. As his dad had to work on Saturday, Zhang Tie would always spend the day making rice brew with his mom. Their rice brew store could sell five to six mugs of rice brew each week. Although it was a small income, it could still improve the family’s standard of living to a degree.

Rice brew was a traditional food for Chinese clan and was easy to make. Its raw material was mainly rice. The processing method was also simple — First, wash the rice and then put the rice into a pot and boil until it is almost fully cooked. Remove the rice from the pot and dry them. Seal it tightly in clay pots with sugar, honey, and yeast solution to naturally ferment them. In a month, you could open the clay pots and eat it. Well-made rice brew remained fragrant, sweet, and soft and had the glutinous texture of rice. Being rich in nutrition, it tasted sweet and could fill people’s stomach. Besides, it smelt like an intoxicating wine, which made people cool down, decrease the chance of heat stroke, and made the intestines and stomach hydrated. Zhang Tie and Zhang Yang grew up eating their mom’s rice brew.

Although the process was simple, each step needed to be meticulously done. The reputation of the Zhang family’s rice brew among the neighboring blocks and frequent customers has been gradually accumulating over the past dozen years.

Zhang Tie and his mom made seven jars of rice brew after a day’s work on Saturday. They made the rice brew and moved them into the warehouse behind the courtyard. Then Zhang Tie rode a modified three-wheeler to purchase rice and 2kg of sugar. Whenever they finished making rice brew on the weekends, their rice bag would be almost empty; therefore, each weekend, Zhang Tie would purchase rice at the rice store and 2kg of sugar on his way back. Curiously, Zhang Tie found that the price of rice rose a bit that day from 4 silver and 45 copper coins per 25 kg of rice from last weekend to 4 silver and 58 coins per 25 kg of rice this weekend. It was almost an increase of 3% within one week.

Zhang Tie was startled. He was extremely sensitive to the changing prices of living necessities. Zhang Tie remembered that the price of rice in Blackhot City has remained unchanged since he was in middle school three years ago. How could it rise so sharply within a week?

“Alas, Zhang Tie, we have no choice either. It rose when we purchased it two days ago. We have to live!” The boss of the rice store started to complain to him, “70 percent of the rice in Blackhot City is brought from outside. Those farming villages and planting areas surrounding Blackhot City can never ensure that there’s enough food to supply the city. We have no solution since the price of rice is determined by the big business groups. Besides rice, the price of wheat flour has also risen in the past couple of days. You can check it out in other stores, some of them even sell rice at a higher price…”

As Zhang Tie had been acquainted with the owner of the rice store for many years, he knew that the diligent and shrewd Chinese boss didn’t tell a lie. Additionally, rice prices in Blackhot City were almost the same in each store with only one to three coppers difference at most for a bag of rice in different stores. If any store sold a bag of rice five copper coins higher than the other stores, it would have no guest.

Zhang Tie bought three bags of rice for the price of 4 silver and 58 copper coins each. He loaded the 75 kg of rice onto his small three-wheeler that was a modified secondhand bike with the addition of a bag and a wheel. Besides its ugly look, it could only carry limited loads. Three bags of rice plus the weight of Zhang Tie was already its limit. Before loading the rice bags, Zhang Tie carefully inspected the seams and thread ends on the bags to ensure that there were no traces of leakage or being sewn a second time. He then became reassured. Zhang Tie knew there were some bad rice store owners and grains businessmen that would always lessen the real weight of the grains through the usage of tricks like replacing good-quality grains with bad-quality grains or filling the bag with sand. He came to this conclusion through his years of experience in purchasing rice. As the old saying went, “Kids in poor families grew up faster!”

After purchasing rice, he bought 2kg of sugar at a grocery store that was close to the rice store. He then rode the three-wheeler back home. As expected, after the price of rice rose by 3%, the price of sugar also rose even more sharply. Last week, the price of raw sugar was 91 copper coins per kilogram. This week, it has risen to 1 silver coin per kilogram. It was the same in the surround stores, thus he bought 2kg of sugar and put them in the cloth bag of holding that hung on one handle of the vehicle. He then rode the ugly-looking, modified, second-hand three-wheeler and returned home unsteadily.

Returning home, he explained the situation of the rising prices of rice and sugar to his mom and gave the remaining coins back to her. Thinking for a while, the mom gave 10 copper coins to Zhang Tie as spare money. In response to this, Zhang Tie grinned, “Thank you, mom! You’re much more generous today. You usually give 5 copper coins at most.”

Mom heaved a deep sigh and frowned, “Now that the price of both rice and sugar have increased, we have to increase the price of our rice brew since our profit was already thin. If we don’t increase the price, we will not be able to continue our business any longer; however, if we do that, we may lose some of our frequent customers! Alas…”

Seeing his mom frowning, Zhang Tie was moved, “Mom, trust me. I will let you and dad live well in the future. I have already changed!”

“Mom knows our small Guoguo has already grown up, totally different now!” smiling, his mom stretched out her hand to touch Zhang Tie’s head.

Getting another meaning of the two words “grown up”, Zhang Tie became bashful again, “It’s not what you’re expecting mom. I mean, I …”

“Well, well. Mom knows our Guoguo has already grown up. You’re an obedient and good kid. Oh! Hurry up and send this rice soup to Grandma Teresa. You won’t be able to arrive there today if you leave too late.”

Zhang Tie was interrupted by his mom and then loaded the remaining three jars of rice soup onto the ugly pedal tricycle and hurried towards a direction. Being impulsive, he almost poured out the secret of the Castle of Black Iron; therefore, he blamed himself in his mind. If his parents knew of this secret, they would be worried about him. Besides, their family would have to assume unpredictable risks. Riding the tricycle, Zhang Tie made the decision to keep this a secret deep in his heart. He considered that if he was capable enough to keep this secret, he could directly bring benefits to the family, and they would never need to worry about him. He stuck to the idea that the fewer people that knew about this secret, the more beneficial it would be to his family.

As an emerging industrial city, Blackhot City had no deep historical background. At the beginning of its development, convenient urban traffic was one of its focal points. Hence, it had many broad roads, arterial roads, sidewalks, bicycle lanes, and road for vehicles. The road was even clearly divided for the bicycle lane and the normal road for vehicles. Zhang Tie rode the modified, second-hand tricycle on the bicycle lane, ringing the bell. He admired the buses that drove on the road. It was always his dream to own a bus, so as to enjoy a ride around the city with his family members or a beauty like Miss Daina.

Steam engines have already been eliminated for almost a hundred years prior to the Catastrophe. It was said that human beings had already invented various advanced machinery equipment and technologies before the Catastrophe, some of which were like myths for Zhang Tie. For example, various aircraft flying in the sky, ships that could still be started without fuel after hundreds of years, vehicles that could carry human beings to the stars, equipment that could easily realize communication between two people more than one million kilometers apart, horrible weapons that could destroy a city, perhaps even a country, when it blew up, and so on. His teachers would always sigh when they mentioned them. As a listener, Zhang Tie was always dazzled by it. Human society before the Catastrophe was really unimaginable. However, after the Catastrophe, human beings lost everything magnificent. Being frustrated, they fetched steam engines from historical washlands and revitalized them from the simplest condensing-type steam vacuum suction pump to the most sophisticated high-pressure steam turbine. They made humans gradually powerful in this age that was utterly different from any age before. As a result, human society developed quickly, much like the minibuses with small delicate two-level steam engines that moved forward and backward in a straight line as it sped through the city.

In Blackhot City, commoners used their feet or the urban public traffic system to get to their destination, while some blue collar workers might own a personal bicycle. For instance, Zhang Tie’s family modified such a weird two-hand tricycle for the sake for delivery. However, rich men always owned a bus that was worth more than a thousand gold coins. For those people, a bus was not just a tool used for travel, it was also a symbol of social status and power. So many years have passed, and yet the number of privately owned buses in Blackhot City was no more than a thousand. People who could sit inside these privately owned buses were either rich or nobles. At least in the middle school that Zhang Tie attended, he had not found a single student whose parents or teachers owned such a vehicle. Even Captain Kerlin, the most terrifying one-eyed man, would have to go to work for fifty consecutive years without eating or drinking in order to be able to afford a bus.

Almost everything that Zhang Tie had learned at school in regards to machinery and tools was related to various steam engines. As a man born with the desire to be free, the 15-year-old boy possessed two dreams: marrying Miss Daina and owning a beautiful private car. He had always dreamt of driving Miss Daina to a peaceful and beautiful place and making piston movements with her like a moving steam engine. Incidentally, he would also like to check the quake-resistance of the tires and the seats.

Immersing in his “wild ambition”, the youth rode the tricycle quickly in the city. Half an hour later, he arrived at Grandma Teresa’s orphanage before 6:00pm...



* * *





Chapter 21




Teresa’s Orphanage was located in the civilian settlement close to the west city wall of Blackhot City. Standing outside the gate of the orphanage, Zhang Tie noticed the 30m odd city wall and the military buildings within it. The city wall made the people in Blackhot City feel confident and safe. Although people also felt depressed in front of the high city walls, none of them would complain that it was too high. As the city wall could bring enough sense of safety to the people, the prices of all the houses within the walls were soaring.

“I wonder if elder brother is standing on the city wall?” staring at the city wall, Zhang Tie thought to himself. As soldiers of the City Guard Army of Blackhot City, they had to defend the city walls. Since Zhang Tie didn’t know the daily arrangements and shifts of the City Guard Army, he naturally had no idea where his elder brother was and what he was doing at the moment. Zhang Tie also didn’t feel like asking for that information. Strictly speaking, all information on the fortifications of the City Guard Army and military actions were classified. When people casually talked, they would always expose something; however, if someone was excessively curious, they might bring numerous troubles and disasters upon themselves, and perhaps even to their family. As a commoner, Zhang Tie was always cautious and was not overtlythat curious. Nevertheless, considering the news of the Red-scarf Burglars, Zhang Tie paid special attention to the top of the city wall. No matter what, he felt that there were more soldiers patrolling on the city wall than usual and the atmosphere was more serious than before.

When he recovered his composure, he found Grandma Teresa standing outside the gate of the orphanage. As usual, she would wait here at this moment every week for the arrival of Zhang Tie.

As a pious disciple of the Grepis School, Grandma Teresa always wore a green nun’s robe that had some white decorative patterns of olive twigs on it, which symbolized the spirit of the Grepis School. The slightly pudgy grandma in green robes looked very kind, like a neighborhood grandma.

Green and white were the favorite colors of Grepis disciples, which also symbolized their religious doctrine. The combination of colors was always kind and delightful.

Seeing Zhang Tie riding over, Grandma Teresa smiled and raised her voice, “Children, your favorite food is coming…”

When Zhang Tie arrived at the gate of the orphanage, he stopped his tricycle. Five or six nine-year-old children had already run out from the orphanage. In pairs, they started to help Zhang Tie unload the food from the vehicle before Zhang Tie had even asked them for help.

“Ho… ho… be careful. If you can’t do it, I’ll help you!” saying this, Zhang Tie helped them remove the big clay pots from the vehicle. The children hurriedly brought the clay pots into the orphanage happily. Cheers reverberated from the orphanage as more children ran out. The children with a little bit of strength had already rushed out to help them, while the younger ones stood on the roadside. With eyes widely opened and dripping saliva, they heavily sniffed and gazed at the clay pots that contained rice soup inside. For the children growing up in the orphanage, the rice soup that was as white as snow was already exquisite.

At this moment, Grandma Teresa would always look at those orphans with a kind smile.

Every week, Zhang Tie’s family would always have a lot of rice soup left over when boiling rice to make rice brew. This rice soup was extremely precious; it was something which Zhang Tie and his elder brother couldn’t grow up without. Their neighbors always fetched some rice soup to feed their babies when the mothers had no milk to feed them, or if they couldn’t afford milk.

Rice soup tasted good and was highly nutritious. It was the essence of rice. However, it could not be preserved over long periods of time. Basically, it would spoil in two days. His mom said it was a sin to waste food; therefore, she always kept two days of rice soup for their family and gave the rest to others. Some may look down on the bit of rice soup; however, these half-starved orphans might feel like this was the best food they have ever had. The Zhang family delivered the rice soup to the orphanage every week, which could feed the children for two days. As Grandma Teresa always said, this was the best gift from God.

At first, it was Zhang Tie’s dad who delivered the rice soup. Later on, it was Zhang Tie’s older brother, Zhang Yang. And now, it was Zhang Tie’s turn. The Zhang family’s business has been based on rice brew for many years. They brought the rice soup here every year, and this had become the tradition of the Zhang Family.

Guiding the children to bring in the clay pots containing the rice soup into the orphanage, Grandma Teresa walked towards Zhang Tie and slightly embraced him. She then gave Zhang Tie a slight kiss on his forehead as a blessing,

“Child, God will protect every kind-hearted man. People who give kindness to others will definitely be blessed by God, and they will witness miracles in their lives…”

Grandma Teresa had said this line many times before, but it sounded different this time. Zhang Tie was slightly moved.

“Thank you, Grandma. I also trust that God will bless kind-hearted men!”

Zhang Tie’s face slightly blushed. Grandma Teresa’s body was plump and soft. He felt nothing when being embraced by her before; however, as he had grown up and had known that men and women should not be that intimate, he felt somewhat uneasy. Although he was not that obscene, he felt somewhat embarrassed.

After carrying the six clay pots inside, the children took them out after a short while. Each clay pot held more than 10 kg of rice soup. In total, they could hold 60 or 70kg of rice soup. This little bit of rice soup was already considered a “generous” gift to the orphanage that was short on food.

“Oh, I forgot. Grandma Teresa, when I went to the rice store, I found that the prices of many grains have risen!”

When the children loaded the clean, empty clay pots onto the tricycle, Zhang Tie mentioned that the prices of many grains had already risen. This was not good news for the orphanage.

After asking about the details, Grandma Teresa looked somewhat depressed. Looking into the distance, she stayed silent and heaved a deep sigh.

Seeing her dejected air and the smiles on the children’s faces, Zhang Tie was moved. He stretched his hand into the trouser pocket and pulled out 10 copper coins — the 10 copper coins he received from his mom. He placed them into Grandma’s Teresa’s hand as he said, “Grandma, here’s all the money I have. I’ll donate it all to the children. I hope it can help them!”

It was the first time for Zhang Tie to donate to the orphanage. In the past, he was penniless, but now he had some spare money from his mom and felt it was much easier now, as he owned the Castle of Black Iron these days. However, the moment the grandma received the money, Zhang Tie was slightly regretful. He felt that 5 copper coins would have been enough. And now, he was poor again. Nevertheless, he found it too shameful to regret, thus he pretended to be a good boy and grinned bashfully.

Being gifted with 10 copper coins, Grandma Teresa blanked out. She then took a deep look at Zhang Tie and touched his head, “Good child, your kindness will be rewarded!”

Hearing about being “rewarded”, Zhang Tie suddenly thought of something. He told Grandma Teresa bashfully, “Grandma, I heard you have many plant seeds. Could you give me some? A classmate of mine moved his home to a new place, which includes a huge courtyard. I’d like to give him some seeds as a present!”

“God, forgive me. I have told a lie to your disciple.” Zhang Tie felt a little bit shameful and blushed. When Grandma Teresa mentioned “reward”, Zhang Tie suddenly thought that he might “need” something. However, she saw Zhang Tie’s uneasy air as the innocence of a “kid”.

The Grepis School was also called the School of the Guardian God. The doctrine of which was symbolized by the two colors on their clothes. They used green to safeguard the land and used white to eliminate evil. This school didn’t worship any idol or god. Instead, it worshiped the land that everyone stepped on. The land was called Gaia, the Mother of the Land, by the disciples of the Grepis School. The school believed that all living beings on the land were the descendants of Gaia, the Mother of the Land, and all green things on the land were the gifts and guardians given by Gaia to all living beings.

Zhang Tie didn’t know whether the Grepis School was accepted in other places, but he knew that the School of the Guardian God was not well accepted in Blackhot City and the Andaman City-States Alliance, which was full of the commercial atmosphere and worshiped gold coins as God. This could be seen from the way the orphanage and Grandma Teresa were treated. In Blackhot City, religions, even with little power, would own magnificent churches or temples, while the School of the Guardian God didn’t have a room for praying besides this orphanage. In the eyes of many people in Blackhot City, this school seemed to be nothing special aside from advocating for people to plant trees each year and adopt orphans. On the second Sunday of each March, the “Blessed Day” of Gaia, the Mother of the Land, the school would always present free plant seeds to the citizens in Blackhot City and collect donations for the school. As a bit of time has passed since the “Blessed Day” this year, Grandma Teresa should have some seeds left over. Thinking of the spacious land and the poor aura value in the Castle of Black Iron that only had several potatoes and some niblets sewn, Zhang Tie felt that he might be able to ask for some seeds from her. Whatever they were, if only they could sprout, they would be able to provide sufficient aura value.

Hearing that Zhang Tie wanted some seeds, the grandma showed a big smile. She looked happier than Zhang Tie. “Wait a moment, ” she said to Zhang Tie. Several minutes later, Grandma Teresa gave a 0.5 kg cloth big that was filled with seeds to him. Zhang Tie didn’t open it. After thanking her, Zhang Tie rode his tricycle and rushed home with rising excitement.



* * *





Chapter 22




After two or three hours of riding, when he returned home, dusk had already fallen. On his way back, Zhang Tie’s legs already felt a bit weak. He slowed down, thus it took him longer to arrive home. To put it straightforwardly, Zhang Tie was happy to help others. He was really satisfied at the sight of the innocent smiles on the poor children. Although the rice soup he sent over was not valuable, and some may not even think highly of it, Zhang Tie’s family never thought of it as a great or holy task. In regards to that, it was a waste to just pour it out.

Blackhot City owned a rich night life. When dusk fell, some places would become bustling; however, this had nothing to do with Zhang Tie, who whistled and rode back home.

By the time Zhang Tie returned home, the rice brew store had already been closed. The gate of their house was also locked up. Zhang Tie opened it and pushed his tricycle into the courtyard. The tricycle was modified by his dad, and although it looked ugly, the wheel added in the back and the basket in the middle were foldable and could be easily taken apart. This way, it would not occupy too much space in the courtyard. Zhang Tie guessed that his dad and mom were at their friend’s place playing cards or at a church, as these were their only hobbies.

Parking the vehicle, Zhang Tie washed his hands and took the bag of seeds into the kitchen. Smelling the rich beef aroma, Zhang Tie’s stomach started to make a series of “gulugulu” sounds, while saliva started to flow out of his mouth.

The supper was still steaming in the pot. The main dish was braised potatoes with beef.

Zhang Tie treasured the remaining can of beef and didn’t want to eat it alone. He preferred to eat it together with mom and dad, like they did at yesterday’s supper. Unexpectedly, his mom braised potatoes with the remaining beef. As a result, the small can of beef became a big bowl of delicacy.

Seeing the bowl of “braised potatoes with beef” and counting the number of slices inside, Zhang Tie knew that his dad and mom didn’t even eat a little bit of the remaining beef from last night. They only drunk a little bit of the soup and ate some potatoes, leaving all the remaining beef for Zhang Tie.

Being somewhat moved, Zhang Tie wolfed down the entire bowl of the dish. Even Zhang Tie himself had not noticed that his appetite has been gradually growing recently.

After supper, he cleaned the house. He estimated that there were at least two or three hours before dad and mom returned at night. Thinking of the empty land, the niblets, and the potatoes he sowed in the Castle of Black Iron, Zhang Tie quickly took action.

Zhang Tie felt that he was somewhat a lunatic. When he returned, although he clearly remembered that he had locked the door from the inside, he persuaded himself to check again. Zhang Tie mocked himself, “Could this be the feeling of a trivial figure who hit the lottery and is always scared that the place where he hid his money would be found by others?”

“Then, just be a trivial figure. No matter what, I am a real trivial figure and should not fear being mocked by others.”

After making the decision, Zhang Tie moved faster and faster. He fetched two metal barrels and ran towards the well. After a while, he filled the two barrels and quickly moved back to the narrow washing room in the backyard.

The washing room inside Zhang Tie’s home was only more slightly more than two or three square meters and was usually well cleaned. As the first gift given by his elder brother to his dad and mom after receiving his salary and subsidiary, the bath tub occupied more than half of the washing room. As tall as half a person, the bathtub was not delicate, but very firm. Being painted with lacquer, it was heavy and smooth. Splash. Zhang Tie poured out the two barrels of water into the bath tub. The water level in the wooden barrel was as high as Zhang Tie’s ankle. He took two more barrels of water, rushed into the washing room, and poured them into the bath tub again.

It took Zhang Tie about ten minutes of repeating this series of actions eight to nine times before he filled the bathtub. If mom were home, she would definitely have prepared hot water for Zhang Tie to take a bath, but whenever Zhang Tie wanted to take a cold bath like his elder brother, his mother would scold him. However, he was not really planning to take a bath. Zhang Tie put the last two barrels of water beside the bathtub and took the small bag of seeds back to the washing room. As he had just finished supper, the violent movements made Zhang Tie’s stomach and intestines slightly uncomfortable, though he had no time to care about that.

Back in the washingroom, Zhang Tie closed the door from the inside. With a small bag of seeds under his right armpit, Zhang Tie lifted the two barrels filled with water and stood steadily. He then took in a deep breath to recover his composure and kept his eyes closed in order to look for the mysterious “arched door”...

This process seemed much easier. After his attempts in the past couple of days, Zhang Tie found that he could clearly “see” the “arched door”, only if he concentrated his consciousness between his eyebrows and the “arched door” that was the gate of the Castle of Black Iron.

Zhang Tie couldn’t figure it at all, “Whatever, nobody would spend time on it…”

See——Lock——Enter——

Lifting the two barrels of water, Zhang Tie, who held onto the small bag of seeds, disappeared in the narrow washing room.

Feeling that everything in his surroundings had changed, Zhang Tie opened his eyes and found himself already in the Castle of Black Iron.

He was facing the empty land and the “Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree” in the middle of the land. Naturally, the following line made Zhang Tie’s humble ego expand.

——Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, Welcome to the Castle of Black Iron!

Seeing this line, Zhang Tie suddenly felt his spirit rise. His didn’t feel pain in his stomach anymore, and neither did his intestines convulse nor did his legs shiver anymore.

“I am the motherfucking lord here… Ahhh...” sensing the expanding ego, the miserable youth exclaimed like a horny beast. If he was outside, his noise would definitely have attracted the nearby magistrates. However, in the Castle of Black Iron, he couldn’t even hear any echoes.

He had never shouted like this when he was outside in the real world. However, after he released what was buried in his heart, he suddenly felt cool. It was a strange feeling as if he suddenly became more comfortable after that.

Then, Zhang Tie decided to yell again…

“I am the motherfucking lord of this world… Ahhh…”

More comfortable now, one more time…

“I want dad and mom to have beef to eat everyday… Ahhh…”

More comfortable…

“I love you, Miss Daina... Ahhh...”

One more time…

“I want to be a rich man... Ahhh...”

One more time...

“All beauties with plump butts and breasts, your Mr. Perfect is me... Ahhh...”

After a space of growl, Zhang Tie felt much better and cool. He didn’t know if anyone else had tried it, but he found it to be a really nice means to release his own tensions.

After that, Zhang Tie threw the bag of seeds that was under his armpit onto the land. With the two barrels of water in hand, he moved towards the patch of land where he had sown niblets and potatoes. Although he felt that the soil in the Castle of Black Iron was suitable for growing plants, he was still worried about them if he didn’t water the seeds. It seemed that it doesn’t rain in the Castle of Black Iron, thus Zhang Tie feared that the seeds would go bad without water.

Arriving at where he had sown the niblets and potatoes, Zhang Tie put down one barrel on the ground and spread the water from the other barrel onto the niblets that had not sprouted yet. With the water from one of the barrels, he only finished watering less than a quarter of the niblet’s land. He then spread the water of the other barrel, which only covered half of the niblet’s land. He then held the two empty barrels. Keeping his eyes closed, Zhang Tie concentrated his consciousness between his brows…

See——Lock——Exit

…

The next moment, Zhang Tie appeared in the narrow washingroom again, even though his feet didn’t move. Turning on the faucet at the bottom of the bathtub, Zhang Tie filled the two wooden barrels and kept his eyes closed.

See——Lock——Enter——

…

He entered and left the Caste of Black Iron in this matter for five consecutive times. Looking at the two patches of land where he had sown niblets and potatoes, Zhang Tie stood in front of the marked steel bar. Taking in a deep breath, he was very satisfied. However, he suddenly felt his brain ache. It felt like his brain was blank. Previously, he had not noticed it when he was busy watering the seeds. He tried to focus between the eyebrows and saw the marvelous “arched door” soon. However, being different from the several instances before, this time, the arched door became very unstable and gloomy. When Zhang Tie seized the door consciously and ordered “Exit”, an unexpected event happened.

Abruptly, Zhang Tie suddenly felt lightheaded and dizzy, as if he was dropping from high altitude into a bottomless dark tunnel. All of a sudden, he lost his balance and sat on the ground, before passing out. After quite a while, he woke up with a pale face…

“What happened? How could this happen?” Zhang Tie became frustrated.

The sudden following tip provided him with the answer.

——It was detected that you, the Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, had been excessively spiritually exhausted. It is suggested that for you, the Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, to have a rest inside the Castle of Black Iron before you leave. Caution: Frequent entering and leaving within a short period of time will consume a lot of your spiritual energy. While you lack spiritual energy, please do not frequently enter and leave the Castle of Black Iron, so as to prevent damage to your spiritual energy...



* * *





Chapter 23




“It turns out that I have to pay a price to access the Castle of Black Iron!” cried Zhang Tie while sitting on the ground. The feeling of his brain suddenly going blank and the feeling of falling into a dark tunnel was really horrific. Moments before, Zhang Tie even thought that he would kick the bucket in this manner. If this was how excessive consumption of spiritual energy felt, Zhang Tie would never try it again.

He recovered at this moment and noticed that his body, within a few minutes, was covered with cold sweat. He became weaker. “It seems that excessive consumption of spiritual energy is serious,” he sharply shook his head and felt that the buzzing sense of being engulfed by darkness in his mind was not fully eliminated yet.

There must be something wrong!

Although there was some discomfort in his mind, Zhang Tie could still think about some things.

He realized that his behavior towards the Castle of Black Iron was really stupid. Obviously, the Castle of Black Iron was immortal. Even now, the increase of “spiritual energy” required the “potential life energy” from plants. Zhang Tie had to solve the lack of a water source problem. The Castle of Black Iron would never let the lord of the Castle of Black Iron water the plants here in such a foolish fashion. Even though the soil here was fertilized and didn’t need to be irrigated, what about the “Basic Energy Storage” and the “Pool of Chaos”? Didn’t the rubbish disposal plant need something inside to convert matter into basic energy? Would it require Zhang Tie to access the Castle of Black Iron to gain the “Basic Energy Storage”? Did he have to move things inside?

When he thought of the huge amount of basic energy storage that needed to be consumed to realize some functions inside the Castle of Black Iron, Zhang Tie became irritated. Motherfucker, it shouldn’t be like that. What a motherf*cking castle lord he was! He was just a porter in the railway station! He had to access the Castle of Black Iron five to six times a day for thirty to fifty years to expand to 666 square meters of land. What the hell!

No way! It’s not like this! There must be something wrong or he hadn’t yet discovered some mysterious function in the space. The Castle of Black Iron looked like a very senior system. How could it make such a low level mistake!? It would be like the tycoons in Blackhot City heading for Black Gold Hotel, only to take off their clothes, grow vegetables, prepare coal, and cook food for themselves.

Thinking for quite a while, Zhang Tie still couldn’t find the answer. Feeling like he was insulted, Zhang Tie cursed inwardly and decided to leave it alone. “Motherfucker. Whatever, just be a porter! So what? Others are unqualified to even be a porter. It’s more perfect now with the defect. The Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord will be a poor hardworking porter in the future! The Castle of Black Iron is finally perfect now! Is there anything better?”

This was Zhang Tie’s temperament. He was sometimes a lunatic and always became pessimistic when encountering frustration. Sometimes, he was simple and would do that once he made the decision. He would then find numerous reasons to comfort himself and strive to reach his goal. Previously, he regarded Miss Daina as his beloved, but moments later, he felt that a man who had a multitude of concubines is successful. He believed that the love he had never experienced should be great and dreamed about sexy younger sisters, beauties, and mature ladies with sexy figures…

Human beings — perhaps just be a contradictory group.

When he left the problem alone, another urgent and unavoidable problem also appeared in front of Zhang Tie. Namely, how does he recover his spiritual energy? How long will it take to recover? If it took too long, and dad and mom found nobody home while the door to the washing room was locked from the inside, and they shouted but got no response, then it would be a big problem. How would he explain it then? Otherwise, what if he abruptly appeared in front of dad and mom who had already returned home?

This problem couldn’t be solved by Zhang Tie. Whatever, if this happened, he could tell them a little bit of the truth. The worst case scenario would be beaten by slabs fiercely. However, he had always been beaten by slabs before. Though, they would never beat him to death!

Once he thought it through, he felt that it was nothing terrible. Zhang Tie then patted his butt and stood up. He walked a few steps, and then returned. Lifting the two empty barrels, he moved towards the small tree. The small bag of seeds, which Zhang Tie had not opened yet, given by Grandma Teresa still laid there. It was the perfect moment to open it.

Moving to one side of the tree, Zhang Tie put down the barrels in hands, squatting on the ground, he picked up that cloth bag of seeds. He undid it and poured all the seeds inside out.

Moving to one side of the tree, Zhang Tie put down the barrels that he held in his hands. Squatting on the ground, he picked up the cloth bag of seeds. He undid the bag and poured out all the seeds.

It could be said that Grandma Teresa was a caring person. The cloth bag was composed of eight small paper bags, and on each bag was the name of the seed.

“Hygrophila polysperma” was written on the smallest bag, while the names on the bigger paper bags were: “Morning glory”, “Olive”, “Ligustrum obtusifolium”, “Photinia fraseri”, “Honey pear”, and “Radish”. Seeing the word “radish”, Zhang Tie scratched his head gloomily. He doubted that Grandma Teresa made a mistake. Why would she give me radish? “Olive” was understandable because it was the symbol of the Grepis School. “Honey pear” was edible and could bloom into nice flowers. Why radish? Including “olive” and “honey pear”, three of the seven seeds were edible. With one more, half of them could be eaten.

What does it mean? Zhang Tie scratched his head. Was Grandma Teresa using these “seeds” to give thanks for the soup given by the Zhang family all these years? It seemed a little bit weird.

Seeing the biggest paper bag, that laid on the ground, was filled with something, Zhang Tie ignored the name and directly opened it. Several walnuts rolled towards Zhang TIe’s feet, which made Zhang Tie utterly started. Another edible.

What the fuck. Whatever, once they grow, they could provide spiritual energy to this space. Whatever seeds they were, it was better if they were edible! No matter what, he had to sow something in such a huge piece of land; however, he would have to sow the seeds in separate pieces of land. These seeds could also be natural landmarks. When they grew, Zhang Tie might be able to distinguish the four directions in the Castle of Black Iron.

With the Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree at the center, according to the preset view of Zhang Tie when he opened the map of the Castle of Black Iron, the upper part of the map was north, where he would plant the olive trees. The lower part of the map was south, where he would plant the photinia fraseri. In the west, he would plant honey pears, and in the east, he would plant walnuts. Other seeds like the hygrophila polysperma, morning glory, and ligustrum obtusifolium would be scattered in each direction, which would not be planned. Though, edible vegetables like radish could be planted beside the potatoes and niblets for the sake of collective management.

Once he made the decision, Zhang Tie acted on it. First, he opened the bags of hygrophila polysperma, morning glory, and ligustrum obtusifolium, which were easily sown. He gather them together and casually poured them out. Zhang Tie was not good at planting these seeds. Instinctively, he felt that those plants were seen everywhere in the wild. They grew naturally and wildly, thus he didn’t want to waste time on them, treating them as they would in the wild.

More than twenty meters away from the small tree, Zhang Tie trotted one circle and spread the seeds casually. In less than three minutes, he had finished sowing the three bags of seeds.

After finishing the first three bags, Zhang Tie became much more serious. He made a row of pits by the steel bar about 50m away from the small tree in the north, then he buried the olive seeds. He did almost the same thing in the south, east, and west. As he found the walnuts to be large, he dug holes that was especially deeper than those of other seeds. Zhang Tie didn’t know if this was correct or not. The rest is up to God.

As walnuts were very expensive, Zhang Tie had rarely eaten them since he was young. As a result, when he was burying the walnuts, he couldn’t help but eat one. In the end, there were only seven walnuts left.

After he finished sowing the walnuts, he ran towards one side of the “vegetables” land and found a piece of land beside the niblets to sow the radish. He inserted the steel bar into the soil and clapped his hands in satisfaction.

For Zhang Tie, this was the most he could achieve today. As for whether to water them or not, Zhang Tie planned to make the decision in a month. One month later, if the seeds didn’t sprout by then, he would learn from this experience and water the new seeds.

After these tasks, Zhang Tie opened the basic attributes panel of the Castle of Black Iron. With his mouth gaping, Zhang Tie was startled by the huge changes.



* * *





Chapter 24




——Castle of Black Iron

——Length: 1 Krosa

——Width: 1 Krosa

——Spiritual Energy：0.7

——Merit Value: 35

——Basic Energy Storage:0.2

——Special Output: Void

Zhang Tie was not startled by the growth of spiritual energy, as the sprouted potatoes could grow day by day, which would result in them providing more and more spiritual energy. The peak of the growth of spiritual energy would come when all the seeds sprouted later on. There was no change to the other attributes except for merit value. He remembered that the number of merit value was 3 this morning; therefore, he tried to input two merit value points into the mutation and evolution of potatoes. As a result, only 1 merit value point was left by then. How could it increase by so much within only half a day? To answer this question, Zhang Tie opened the log for merit value.

——On the afternoon of February 14th, 889th year of the Black Iron Calendar, Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord helped his mom make rice brew, which lessened his mom’s load and made her comfortable. As a result, merit value was increased by 1.

——On the evening of February 14th, 889th year of the Black Iron Calendar, Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord sent rice soup to the orphanage and donated 10 copper coins. As a result, many people benefitted from you. As a result, merit value has been increased by 32.

——On the evening of February 14th, 889th year of the Black Iron Calendar, when Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord returned home, he took the initiative to clean his house, wash bowls, and sweep the floor, which made his family members pleased.

Seeing the sharp increase in merit value, Zhang Tie thought for a while and moved his eyes to the words to the beginning of the log:

“Do good deeds and destroyed evils——the largest mercy in the human world; worship the gods and love people——the nearest staircase to the heaven; lucky people, please show the mercy of the creator to the secular world so that those gods could understand you; please receive the most sincere pleasure and thanks presented to you by hundreds of millions of people; please end those evil souls and endless darkness to make yourself a light and when You are a light, you are definitely walking on the light and a magnificent road are paved on your foot!”

Although he was confused at some parts, reading the paragraph and peering at the sharply increased merit value made Zhang Tie greatly inspired. He now had a deeper understanding of how to gain merit value. Although he was not able to eliminate evil, he could still do something good, whether it was small or big. He could gain merit value points by making others happy, more or less. “Haha, Nice! I love you too much….”

Remembering the numerous “fruits” that grew behind the small tree, Zhang Tie laughed out loudly. If the Castle of Black Iron turned into a woman and appeared in front of him, he would definitely kiss her for a long time…

After sowing the seeds, he checked the basic attributes of the Castle of Black Iron. He then ran towards the Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree and circled the small tree a few times. Being stunned, he gazed at a twig on the strange tree.

He remembered that there was nothing on that twig. However, a light blue grape-sized fruit was now hanging on it. The moment he wanted to touch it with his hand, a line appeared in front of him.

——Leakless fruit is in production and is currently inedible. Once the unripe leakless fruit leaves the Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree, it would directly turn to gas and disappear. 124 hours left before it becomes ripe…

After reading the line, Zhang Tie instantly pulled back his hand. He recalled that when he found the Castle of Black Iron for the first time, the manjusaka tree asked him to choose whether to use his leaked energy to produce the leakless fruit or not. Is this that leakless fruit?

It took 168 hours to produce a leakless fruit, which was a week. This meant that by next Friday, the small fruit would be ripe. At this moment, although couldn’t wait to eat the fruit to test its effects. He also knew that a watched pot would never boil; he had to control his desires. He circled the tree a few times and even touched the various strange leaves before sitting down on the nearby soil. With his hands supporting his jaw, he became absent-minded. After more than an hour’s work, looking at the barren land, he felt that it was really boring, although it was honestly strange at the start. Now, he could only slowly wait until he recovered a little bit of his spiritual energy. In here, it was a nice place to do exercise and run; however, he was truly tired today and didn’t feel like running at all. He didn’t know if dad and mom had returned or not. They should not have returned this early since it was a Saturday and his dad would take a rest on Sunday. If it was like usual, they would come back late.

What should he do then? Just sit here and do nothing while waiting for his spiritual energy to recover? Otherwise... meditate? Zhang Tie burst into laughter at his thoughts. Hahaha… no kidding, how could a commoner of Blackhot City know how to enter meditation, a senior technique and skill? There might be someone in Blackhot City who knew how to increase spiritual energy through meditation, but it was monopolized by a few people and was something that commoners could never touch. Captain Kerlin said that the minorities who knew how to increase spiritual energy through meditation had various backgrounds. Even Captain Kerlin himself didn’t know about it, let alone others.

It would be impossible to light the burning points in the Shrine. Thinking for a while, he suddenly patted his head, “How could I forget this? I got the book Mental Arithmetic by Abacus. No matter what, I have some time to practice it now. Why not test it out now?”

Zhang Tie instantly moved. He quickly recalled the relevant content that he had recited more than ten times over the past few days from Mental Arithmetic by Abacus. He could fully understand it. Zhang Tie sat down with his legs crossed and hands naturally on his legs. He kept his eyes slightly closed. After a short while, he recovered his composure. He didn’t know why, but he calmed down faster than before.

After calming down, Zhang Tie started to form an abacus in this mind according to the skills he learned from Mental Arithmetic by Abacus. This was the most important step and was the foundation of Mental Arithmetic by Abacus. After forming the abacus in his mind, he could make quick mental calculations. If you had to ask for a single line to explain the principle of Mental Arithmetic by Abacus, it would be the following: Replace your hands with your consciousness, use the abacus in your mind. That was all.

What made Zhang Tie puzzled was that the book required him to form a golden abacus in his mind. It should be brilliant. However, the reason for it was not mentioned. Zhang Tie couldn’t figure it out and neither did he feel like exploring it. He just felt like it was just the way it was supposed to be.

According to Mental Arithmetic by Abacus, Zhang Tie should imagine the abacus from outlines to details and from simple to complex. He should firstly imagine a rectangular abacus frame, then a horizontal beam within the frame, and then three vertical beams, which represented the addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division operations within three-digits. When the entire image is stabilized, he started to imagine the upper bead between the first vertical beam and the farthest left frame, then the four lower beads between the first vertical beam and the farthest left frame. After that was the upper beads between the second vertical beam and the first vertical beam. Next was the lower beads between the second vertical beam and the first vertical beam, followed by the upper beads between the third vertical beam and the second bead. And then the lower beads between the third vertical beam and the second vertical beam...

The first time, the moment he imagined the upper beads between the first vertical beam and the farthest left frame, the entire image in his mind broke apart...

The second time, the same thing happened...

The third time, he finished imagining the first lower bead between the vertical beam and the farthest left frame...

The fourth time, he finished the second lower beam between the first vertical beam and the farthest left frame...

……

Even Zhang Tie didn’t know how many times he had failed. After another four attempts, the poor abacus with three vertical beams was finally imagined successfully and seemed stable. What’s 125 plus 579? Spinning his brain, he moved the beads to the right places on the abacus in his mind, and it turned into a readable number — 704.

What’s 18 multiplied by 39? He recited the formula and moved the beads to the correct places… 702!

What’s 987 minus 789? He recited the formula and moved the beads to the correct places... 198!

Zhang Tie laughed out loudly. He was happy and tested it a few more times. As a result, he could calculate in his mind on the abacus faster than before. How about 56 multiplied by 29? He recited the formula and moved the beads to the correct places. The golden abacus shook and suddenly disappeared in his mind.

Zhang Tie opened his eyes. As the last calculation result surpassed the domain between the three vertical beams on the abacus, the image exploded like a steam boiler that couldn’t handle the high pressure.

“The book was really valuable,” Zhang Tie reconfirmed its value. He never thought that he could gain such a treasure.

“Alas, what time is now? If dad and mom returned, it would be bad!” abruptly remembering it, Zhang Tie quickly stood up. He made no preparation, and neither confirmed whether his spiritual energy had recovered. With eyes closed, he locked onto the door between his brows with his consciousness and said to himself, “Exit” ...

The next moment, Zhang Tie appeared in the washroom room of his courtyard. Along the light of the oil lamp, he saw that the door of the washroom was still locked. He heaved a deep sigh. If his parents came back and found him not there, and yet the washroom was locked from the inside, they would shout from outside the door. If they got no response, the door would have long been kicked open. He opened the door of the washroom and slid out to look around. It was only 11 pm, the gate of the house was still locked from the inside. Thankfully, they hadn’t returned.

Standing in the pitch black courtyard alone, Zhang Tie stared at the stars in the sky. He patted his chest and comforted himself, “I’d better be more careful when I access the Castle of Black Iron. If this happened again, my secret might be found by others. I’d better learn to save my spiritual energy.” Zhang Tie reflected, but then suddenly became still. “How could my spiritual energy recover so fast?”



* * *





Chapter 25




“Alas, dad and mom, leave me alone. Look, there’s such nice weather today! Why not take a stroll at the downtown park or at the reservoir in the suburb? There must be many people over there. Since I trained really hard today, I’d rather stay back and watch the store for you today!”

After lunch, Zhang Tie diligently cleaned the house and then pushed his dad and mom out. His dad worked six days a week in the mill, which meant that he often had poor air quality. His mom was even more miserable. She had to stay in the rice brew store six days a week. Thus, at each weekend, in order to make his dad and mom live a better life, he would always persuade them to take a walk, so as to breathe fresh air outdoors. As for himself, he would help them look after the rice brew store.

Seeing their son being obedient and sensible, his dad and mom were naturally happy. However, when they left, his mom still muttered to Zhang Tie, “Remember not to increase the price of the rice brew. When frequent customers come, tell them about the increasing price of rice and grains. Tell them that if the purchasing prices are still that high next week, then we’ll have to increase the price a little bit in response. Since they are frequent customers, don’t make them feel like we’re greedy!”

“I know, mom. You’ve mentioned it more than thirty times. I’ve grown up already!” explained Zhang Tie. “I’m already fifteen, you don’t need to tell me like you would a small kid or a slow-witted guy. It really hurts my self-esteem!”

“I haven’t said it thirty times, five times at most!” His mom pretended to glare at Zhang Tie furiously. At the same time, she also pretended to twist Zhang TIe’s ears. In response, Zhang Tie hurriedly slid backward and grimaced at his mom. He then ran into the brew store and yelled loudly, “Zhang family’s fresh rice brew. Fragrant, sweet, and delicious. Men will grow stronger with it, and women will be more beautiful with it. Hey, you passersby, six copper coins for a bowl. More sales, less profit…”

“This kid...” Dad shook his head with a smile.

……

Seeing his dad and mom disappearing at the end of the street hand in hand, Zhang Tie touched his fuzzy jaw with one hand. He stared at them for a long time before moving his gaze to their shadows. As his dad and mom have been married for dozens of years, each time they walked outdoors hand in hand, it served as a reminder to Zhang Tie that they were not simply just a couple who had married for many years, but rather a couple of youths who are still passionately in love with each other. This gave Zhang Tie an indescribable feeling.

“Is this love?” Zhang Tie wondered. To be honest, he was not experienced enough to have feelings about it; however, seeing how his mom and dad treated each other, he felt a sense of happiness inside.

After they left, Zhang Tie sat in the rice brew store boringly. He took a fly whisk to drive away the flies. Since rice brew gave off a sweet scent, it naturally attracted flies, even more so on hot days.. Summer would arrive in a couple of months. When it arrives, the door of the rice brew had to be fitted with a bamboo curtain to prevent the flies from entering. However, the delicate exhibitions on the counter would also be covered by the bamboo curtain. As a result, business in the store would decrease. This happened every year in this manner without exception.

It was right in the afternoon when the sun was still hanging in the sky. All the birds were silent as they perched on the parasol trees. After a cold winter, they were finally emerging from their nests, jumping and singing happily as the mottled spots and shadows of the trees were cast onto the streets.

A board had been hung outside the door of the rice brew store: “Sorry, due to the rising prices of grains and other raw materials, it’s expected that the price of our rice brew will rise…”

“Lovely dad, if it were Donder, he would definitely have increased the sales price of the rice brew as soon as the price of rice increased,” Zhang Tie admired.

After sitting in the rice brew store for half an hour, Zhang Tie sold seven or eight bowls of rice brew. He put the scattered copper coins into a drawer and soaked the empty rice brew bowls and spoons left by the customers into the bowl washing barrel. Watching the rising sun, the hand flicking the whisk became more and more powerless. Zhang Tie felt bored. Surprisingly, as an adolescent, he stayed in here to drive away the flies while other boys his age were playing outside! However, the more bored he was, the more he admired his mom, as she stuck to this for twenty years.

People would always do something when they felt bored, Zhang Tie was no exception. At this time, he practiced the Mental Arithmetic by Abacus, which included many states. The lowest state was what Zhang Tie had reached last night. Before he is able to use the abacus within his mind, he had to close his eyes and think quite a while to form the abacus in his mind. In the second state, one didn’t need to close their eyes. Within a few blinks, one could form the abacus in their mind and use it. After all, this was a mental arithmetic skill, which meant it was a practical skill. Naturally, it would be useless if you had to spend hours to form it within the mind with eyes closed.

In the third state, in order to reach the essence of Mental Arithmetic by Abacus, one would have to form an imaginary abacus in their mind and be able to get the answer instantly when they saw any mathematical question. At this stage, one should be able to create an abacus with two to eleven vertical beams, or perhaps even more in mind. Finally, one would be able to form several abacuses in their mind simultaneously and would be able to get the answer within a single blink. This was the sublime state of Mental Arithmetic by Abacus. Once one got to this stage, they would be a super human-sized calculator.

Zhang Tie actually doubted whether it was possible or not for humans to achieve the sublime state. However, when he remembered the blurry words, “Recommended after-class reading for preliminary school students”, Zhang Tie heaved a deep sigh. No comparison, no anger. “What are these preliminary school students? They must be really motherf*cking smart.” Finally, Zhang Tie even began to think that this book might really have been fetched from the ruins of the Catastrophe. Since the age before the Catastrophe was lustrous and dazzling, things from the ruins were strange and diverse. Expensive crystals used to practice cultivation in this age were just decorations in that age, a time where many people even looked down on it. What if this strange book was truly an ordinary after-class reading material for preliminary school students?

“Whatever, I will practice it and check its effects. It seems that I can recover spiritual energy by practicing in accordance to Mental Arithmetic by Abacus.” Zhang Tie intended to confirm it; however, when he thought of the word “whatever”, Zhang Tie became absent-minded and the abacus with two vertical beams in his mind instantly collapsed.

Naturally, he needed to treat it seriously…

He found this really hard to accept.

Zhang Tie tried it many times and lowered the time needed to form an abacus with three vertical beams in his mind from ten minutes to approximately five minutes. Unexpectedly, two people suddenly appeared in front of Zhang Tie.

Fatty Barley and Doug were on a bicycle. Doug awkwardly rode the bicycle with difficulty but with happiness as sweat covered his entire forehead. Barley was sitting behind the bicycle cunningly. The moment Zhang Tie noticed them, Fatty Barley, who was glancing over the two sides of the street, also found Zhang Tie.

“Right here, stop!” Fatty Barley shouted and deftly jumped off the back seat of the bicycle and stood on the ground. Hearing this, Doug, who was riding happily, was frightened and shouted, “Argh, brake, brake, how do I brake? Argh... help...”

Bang...

“Bastard, this is a new bicycle dad bought for me!” Barley screamed bitterly.

With his hands on his forehead, Zhang Tie became speechless and closed his eyes…

Two minutes later, Barley and Doug, who were gritting their teeth and rubbing their butts, appeared in front of the Zhang Family’s rice brew store. Seeing Doug, who was taking in deep breaths of the aroma of the rice brew and swallowing his saliva, and the obscene smile covering Barley’s face, Zhang Tie cursed inwardly. He took out two sets of bowls and spoons and opened one clay pot. He scooped a bowl of rice brew for each of them using a huge spoon and pushed it in front of them. Their eyebrows instantly danced. Without even a word of courtesy, they held the bowls, wolfed down its contents, and cleaned the bowls with their tongues instantly. “Can you be more disgusting?” Zhang Tie complained. The bowls had to be sterilized with boiling water.

Seeing the insinuating smiles over their faces, Zhang Tie instantly collected their bowls and spoons and became serious. “That was my treat just now. Now, it’s six copper coins a bowl, do you want more?”

Doug instantly cast his sight towards Barley. Fatty Barley slapped his waist and put a handsome amount of copper coins onto the desk. “Delicious! Two more bowls!”

Zhang Tie also felt it was natural to put their money into the drawer and scooped another two bowls of rice brew for them. Soon after, they finished it. Under the fascinated gaze of Doug, Zhang Tie put their bowls and spoons into the water basin. When Doug moved his sight onto Barley, Barley automatically ignored him and started to talk to Zhang Tie.

“Well… well… what was that? Rice brew?”

“Yes, rice brew! What’s up?”

“Heh, heh, home visits are a good tradition of our Hit-Plane Brotherhood!” Barley laughed.

“Well, let’s get to the point since time is money”

“Have you heard of the Red-scarf Burglars?”

Hearing the words “Red-scarf Burglars”, Zhang Tie was surprised. “Yea, what happened?”

Barley looked around before lowering his voice and repeating the news that Zhang Tie had heard from his brother, “I heard about it last night. That’s why I came here to tell all of you today. It’s estimated that only a few people know about this news. Whatever, these days, you have to watch out and stay home at night. Do not go out of the city casually. Those Red-scarf Burglars are all cold-blooded butchers. Isn’t there a proverb in your Chinese clan that a fire on the city gate brings disaster to the fish in the moats? I hope my brothers won’t be those unfortunate fish!”

“You came here today to tell me this?”

“Of course, you think Doug and I like to come out to be burned by the sunlight? After warning you, I still have to warn Sharwin and Hista. Well, I won’t disturb your business…”

Seeing the fatty’s face, Zhang Tie was slightly moved. “Thank you, brother!”

“Another free bowl for us?” Barley smiled obscenely.

Zhang Tie stretched out his hands and rubbed his fingers. Everyone knew the meaning.

“Ha… ha… see you. We still have other brothers to warn!” Barley slapped the seat of the bicycle and urged Doug to get on immediately. Doug pushed the bicycle a few steps forward before turning around and looking at Zhang Tie as he murmured, “Barley said... men should learn how to ride a bike for the sake of girls!”

“Trust me, I won’t tell the others about it. You are really good at riding!” Zhang Tie raised his thumb.

Doug was satisfied. He nodded and awkwardly got on the bike and took Barley away…

It was really unexpected that the news of the Red-scarf Burglars would spread so fast. People in Blackhot City has already become worried about them within two days…

“Never mind, I will keep practicing Mental Arithmetic by Abacus earnestly. Is there any relationship between the Red-scarf Burglars and a trivial person like me?” A self-deprecating smile appeared on Zhang Tie’s face.

In the evening, Zhang Tie’s dad and mom came home with news. The city defense of Blackhot City has become strict. Identification was required to access Blackhot City in the evening.

After supper, Gregory, the magistrate of this area, knocked at the gate of the Zhang family with a barn lantern in hand. He was sending a notice door by door and told them not to keep strangers at home in the evening. Besides that, they should instantly report any suspicious individual. Additionally, from midnight onwards, night meals in Blackhot City were forbidden…

Half a day after the fatty left, the news of the Red-scarf Burglars had completely spread throughout Blackhot City. An uneasy atmosphere covered the entire city.

However, this had nothing to do with Zhang Tie. After supper, when the magistrate left, Zhang Tie brushed his teeth, washed his feet, and then entered his small room. He then entered the Castle of Black Iron and threw a bag of garbage into the Pool of Chaos. After that, he patted his hands and opened the Basic Attributes Panel of the Castle of Black Iron, staring at the latest attributes of the Castle of Black Iron ——

——Castle of Black Iron

——Length: 1 Krosa

——Width: 1 Krosa

——Spiritual Energy: 1.8

——Merit Value: 43

——Basic Energy Storage: 0.5

——Special Output: Void

……

5 merit value for watching the rice brew store for dad and mom for one day, 3 merit value for doing housework, 8 merit value in total; 1.1 spiritual energy for sprouting potatoes; 0.3 basic energy storage for a bag of rubbish. That was all I gained today...

He took a look at the Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree again.

103 hours before the first leakless fruit becomes ripe...

Being unable to sleep, Zhang Tie took out the crystal that had been dried under the sunlight for a day. With his legs crossed in the Castle of Black Iron, he started to practice igniting the Shrine burning point. Through a few days of experience in the Castle of Black Iron, Zhang Tie found that he could calm down and easily enter the state to practice cultivation by staring at the colorful mist that swirled in the Castle of Black Iron.

He soon entered the state to practice igniting his burning point in the Castle of Black Iron. Even though it was the first time, he took several breaths and the Shrine burning point soon radiated with indigo colored flames.

Only by making yourself powerful could you survive in this age. There was no shortcut, except for diligent work — this was the belief that Zhang Tie held for the past fifteen years.

It was the same even in the Castle of Black Iron...



* * *





Chapter 26




Similar to a few days ago, Zhang Tie accurately woke up at about 6:00 am. He had no dreams and his mind was as clear as a crystal. Brimming with vitality, Zhang Tie felt as fresh as a cabbage that had been soaked in water overnight.

When he got out of bed, Zhang Tie peered at the clock. It was currently 6:08 am. He then lowered his head to look at his underwear. His p*nis was erected like a study pillar; however, Zhang Tie didn’t think about it too much. He touched the inside of his underwear and found no glutinous feeling on his underwear or his belly. He did not have a wet dream for the past several days, and he really slept well recently. He remembered that he had a pee in the Castle of Black Iron after he cultivated last night. After that, he fell asleep until now. This situation may occur occasionally before, but now it had occurred for four consecutive days. Therefore, Zhang Tie felt it was strange and would like to know the reason. He thought for a while and recalled that it had occurred ever since the night he entered the Castle of Black Iron for the first time. Even now, the Castle of Black Iron was related, which made Zhang Tie lose interest. For Zhang Tie, besides the soil that allowed potatoes to sprout, everything else in the Castle of Black Iron was incomprehensible.

Zhang Tie got up quickly. After brushing his teeth and washing his face, he started to ignite a fire in the kitchen. He then made breakfast for his dad and mom by putting several washed sweet potatoes into the boiling pot. After preparing breakfast for his family, he picked up a washed raw sweet potato and walked out the door. Today, he had left for school one hour earlier than usual.

It was slightly dark outside. After wolfing down the raw sweet potato for breakfast, Zhang Tie sped along the old road towards the school. However, he felt that this road was different from before and everything had become interesting. Even the raw sweet potato seemed to be much more delicious than before. At this moment, Zhang Tie became determined to test out the sweet potato on the soil of the Castle of Black Iron. No matter what, it wasn’t complicated to plant them.

Mood determines one’s view of the world.

When he arrived at school, the sky was completely bright and the school gate had just opened. Although he was not the first to arrive, he was one of the earliest. Looking around, he found almost no other students on the spacious campus.

Nobody else was in the teaching building meant for the undergraduates; Zhang Tie was definitely the earliest person among all the undergraduates. After entering the classroom, Zhang Tie silently closed the door like a thief.

After the two days of weekend, the floor was still clean, but inevitably, a layer of dust had already fallen on the desks and chairs. Zhang Tie took a dried piece of linen cloth from the window sill and looked around to ensure that nobody else was in the classroom. He then started to mop all the desks and chairs, diligently and bravely.

Naturally, they were easily cleaned. First, he wiped the desks and chairs with the cloth, and then he patted the dusty cloth over the window. This was also what each student would do when they entered the classroom.

Twenty minutes later, Zhang Tie had cleaned all the desks and chairs. Seeing that some students had already entered the teaching building, Zhang Tie silently slid out of the classroom. He entered the washroom and took a long stroll before he slowly returned to the classroom. When he returned, he found that more than half the students had already arrived. “Here’s a big surprise!” Zhang Tie pleasantly thought to himself.

Just as he imagined, the classroom was truly bustling. Everyone was curious as to why all the desks and chairs had been cleaned.

“Are you kidding me? Who’s that warm-hearted!?”

“Heh, Bighead, come here...” Seeing Zhang Tie enter the classroom, Fatty Barley walked towards him and hung his arm over Zhang Tie’s shoulders. “Have you noticed that something’s different today?” he asked obscenely.

“What’s different?” Zhang Tie pretended to be calm while laughing inwardly. “Praise me. Come on, praise me. I’m waiting for it.”

“A motherf*cking idiot mopped all the desks and chairs in our classroom, ha... ha...”

Zhang Tie’s reserved smile suddenly froze. Gritting his teeth, Zhang Tie gazed at the fatty and wanted to beat him until his nose bled once again.

“Did you brush your teeth this morning? Your mouth is so smelly!” Zhang Tie pushed Barley away in a stern expression and sat back in his own chair.

Barley stayed there, yawned on his palm, and smelled his breath. “No way, I brush my teeth every day!”

Hearing the surrounding merciless discussions, Zhang Tie became more gloomy.

“Argh, who’s that bored? What a big surprise!”

“Yea, so foolish. Is he in our classroom?”

“Don’t say that. You might hurt someone’s innocent soul. Maybe a lower-grade classmate wanted to find an elder brother among us to protect him!”

“I guess someone is expressing his love to me!”

“Then, how could he mop all the desks and chairs!?”

“Is he secretly falling in love with all of us? Hahahaha...!”

“Sh*t, watch out for your ass, guys...”

“You sons of b*tches, who cares about you if not for merit value.” Zhang Tie continued to grit his teeth. He made a decision that if the merit value increased by no more than 2, he would never do such a stupid thing again. These sons of b*tches!

This was just a small matter. When the first class of the day began, they had already forgotten about it. The first two classes on Monday morning were survival classes. It contained a lot of things and the teachers always changed. In each class, the teacher would teach them about a topic concerning survival. One day, a teacher taught them how to seduce girls for two hours. He explained that it was an essential skill for posterities and was the most important class for survival. As a result, the horny students became eager to test it out for a whole week.

The survival class was their favorite class since the class atmosphere was relatively relaxed. Rather than being taught, it was more about talking to their seniors about their survival experiences. Therefore, it was the most popular class. Under their anticipation, the teacher appeared.

Seeing the most terrifying one-eyed man in Blackhot City, the carefree atmosphere in the class suddenly froze. Everybody sat straight up and dared not to suck in even a single breath of air. Captain Kerlin’s aura was powerful enough to crack down all the bustling students.

The one-eyed man stood at the podium peacefully as his sharp eyes glanced over each face. He was silent for half a minute.

Zhang Tie was curious about his intentions and was also moved by this atmosphere. His heart started pounding.

The classroom became so quiet that even the sound of an ant crawling on a piece of paper could be heard. Captain Kerlin then opened his mouth.

“You have heard about the Red-scarf Burglars, so I will not repeat it again. I will teach you the most important survival skill today; it’s related to the Red-scarf Burglars. Suppose you met a Red-scarf Burglar outside the school gate and the guy was as strong as me, what would you do? Don’t tell me so quickly, I will give you two minutes to consider your answer. I will award you if you are right and I will punish you if you are wrong. You can discuss amongst yourselves…”

The moment Captain Kerlin finished talking, the whole class became lively as they discussed fiercely. What would you do if a Red-scarf Burglar was standing in front of you? Looking at the heroic and powerful stature of Captain Kerlin and his seemingly anticipating look, the horny students became thrilled. What could we do facing such an infamous scumbag? The only answer was naturally…

“Kill him of course!”

“Yea, surge forward to kill him!”

“Kill him for the ordinary people!”

“Surge forward to kill him!”

The horny students exclaimed. Some of them were still hesitant, while other speculators also became lively when they saw Captain Kerlin smiling with the corner of his mouth after their blood-boiling “declaration”. Fatty Barley was that kind of speculator. Zhang Tie was also observing the reaction of others. At first, only Doug and Bagdad from the Hit-Plane Brotherhood were shouting to kill the Red-scarf Burglar. At that moment, Barley lowered his head, narrowed his eyes, and looked at Captain Kerlin’s facial expression, while the other members were still thinking. Seeing the others excited, Sharwin was also influenced, and seeing Barley yelling, he also followed. At the beginning, Leit and Hista were somewhat hesitant, but after they noticed Barley’s reaction, they also joined in. As a result, the classroom became chaotic.

Zhang Tie was also thinking about Captain Kerlin’s question. Compared to the thrilled fellows, Zhang Tie had two questions: Why did the brave and powerful Captain Kerlin ask such a question in the survival class? What would he do if he actually encountered a Red-scarf Burglar in the classroom at this moment?

Some followed the masses to make their decisions, while Zhang Tie always asked his heart since he was young. This was something his mom had taught him. His mom once said that life is a series of choices under different situations. Those choices determine your life, and life is the path towards your heart.

No matter what others thought, he would always ask his inner heart when facing questions. His heart was innocent, and he felt he had nothing to regret.



* * *





Chapter 27




“What would I do when faced with a Red-scarf Burglar?” Zhang Tie asked himself. Some people asked the sky, some asked the land, some asked luck, some asked the situation, some asked others, and Zhang Tie asked his inner heart!

“When you have nothing to regret, you will live a happy life!” Zhang Tie thought to himself and an answer came to mind slowly and clearly.

The classroom was bustling. The smile on Captain Kerlin’s face gradually became prominent. When he stretched out his hand, the entire classroom suddenly regained its peace. Everybody stared at the one-eyed person and wondered what he would say.

“Well, now that you’ve already made your decisions, everybody stand up!”

After a period of bustling, everybody stood up from their chairs.

“Those who want to fight the Red-scarf Burglars, come to my left...”

Most of the horny students crowded to the left. Standing, Zhang Tie had made his own decision. A few people stood still; Zhang Tie was somewhat surprised when he noticed that as fatty Barley intended to move his legs to the left, his face suddenly turned pale, and he moved back. Doug and Bagdad had already ran to the left side, and Leit and Hista moved too fast. By the time fatty Barley moved his legs, they had already run to the left side. Finally, they gaped when they found out the fatty was not with them. Sharwin, the pious follower of Barley, also stood still. As a result, only the three members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood who were standing still and another student didn’t move to the left. Under such a situation, even the people who had their own decisions would simply follow the majority.

Seeing Zhang Tie not on the left side, Barley was also slightly surprised. He gazed at Zhang Tie’s facial expression as if there was a flower on Zhang Tie’s face.

“Well, have you made your decisions?”

Everybody nodded while those who stood to the left of Captain Kerlin casted a contemptuous glare towards the four individuals.

Captain Kerlin didn’t look at those on the left; instead, he looked at the four who stood still. He casually pointed at Sharwin and said, “Tell me, why not surge forward?”

Sharwin was very nervous at this moment; sweat even began to cover his body when he saw the one-eyed man pointing at him with his wooden club-sized finger. Under the majestic glare of the one-eyed person, he swallowed his saliva a couple of times and weakly pointed at fatty Barley, “ He didn’t go over there… I followed him!”

“What about you?” Captain Kerlin slightly shook his head and pointed at fatty Barley with his wooden club-sized finger. Fatty Barley instantly made a smile like a chrysanthemum. He almost bowed, “If I saw a Red-scarf Burglar, I would firstly report to the magistrate or Captain Kerlin instead of surging forward!”

The moment Captain Kerlin saw that expression of flattery, he felt uncomfortable and moved his finger instantly towards another person, “What about you?”

That guy hesitated for a while before saying, “If they could solve the problem of the Red-scarf Burglar, then it’s not necessary for me to be there. If they couldn’t, I would be useless as well!”

“So you’re saying that if you saw a Red-scarf Burglar, you would prepare to escape!” Captain Kerlin emphasized the word “Escape” and turned stern. He made others feel pressured.

Under Captain Kerlin’s forced question, that guy felt like he was accepting the strictest accusation. He couldn’t stand it any longer, “I… I….” He was very brave for mentioning escape in front of Captain Kerlin. The boy was not sure if Captain Kerlin would jump from the ground and slap him directly into the wall when he heard the word. Everybody knew that a tough guy like Captain Kerlin hated cowards the most.

Seeing his silence, a sort of unnoticed disappointment slightly appeared in Captain Kerlin’s eyes. He then moved his finger to the last one who was still standing there, “What about you? Do you also plan to escape?”

“Yea, I would!” Zhang Tie answered without any hesitation.

Instantly, contemptuous whispers drifted from the left side.

“Why? They are all surging forward, so why do you turn your back and escape?” Captain Kerlin forced him with a sharp glare, “ Don’t you want to kill the murderers to protect people like them? To put it straightforwardly, the head of any Red-scarf Burglar is very valuable!”

“They are just going to their deaths. Based on their force, even if they had another group with the same size, they would still be easily killed off by any member of the Red-scarf Burglars within moments. I heard that even the most ordinary Red-scarf Burglar is a LV 5 soldier, and if they surged forward against this LV 5 Red-scarf Burglar, they wouldn’t even be cannon fodder!”

“What are you talking about, you timid bastard!” someone on the left side had already begun to verbally abuse him.

“Yea, don’t try to find an excuse for your cowardice, you timid bastard. So what if we fought to the death? It would still be much better than escaping and being a coward like you!”

“Pah……”

“Shut up!” Captain Kerlin turned around and shouted; the whole classroom became quiet. Captain Kerlin looked at Zhang Tie in the eyes and asked another direct question, “Are you saying you’re afraid of death? Don’t you find it shameful to escape? Aren’t you afraid of being called a coward?”

“I don’t think it’s shameful to run from an enemy who is much stronger than myself because I know I have no chance to win and would lose my life! Neither am I a coward! If possible, I would take more people to escape with me...” Zhang Tie dauntlessly stared at Captain Kerlin, whose eyes became more and more stern. “They are the ones who are shameful” Zhang Tie pointed at people on the left. As a result, those people became irritated as they rubbed their hands and prepared to fiercely beat Zhang Tie.

Zhang Tie suddenly became enraged and started to shout at those people, “Shut up, you sons of !@#$%. You rush forward to end your lives, never considering your parents’ and other family members’ feelings. Your enemy could turn you into a corpse with the flicker of his hand. It takes your parents dozens of years to bring you up. You feel cool that you’re sacrificing yourselves meaninglessly in the bravest and greatest manner you can think of, yet you leave long lasting pains for your parents and other family members. Do you know how much pain parents feel when they lose their son? Do you know how sad they would be when they hear of your death? Have you ever seen your parents cry? You guys don’t know anything…” Those on the left turned silent. They began to consider what Zhang Tie had said as he continued to curse them, “You big muscles and mother!@#$ing bastards, you’re the most shameful ones, and you’re also idiots. If I were a Red-scarf Burglar, I would also love to kill opponents like you. They could kill you as easy as slaughtering pigs. In front of machetes, even pigs would escape wildly, while you sent yourselves there to your death. You are the most adorable opponents! I’d escape; however, as long as I’m alive, I could continue to give them trouble and divide them. If they were careless enough, I would use other methods to kill them. I can use fire to attract them to dangerous places and poison them to death.

I will grow up to give them more troubles. Perhaps even one day, when I am more powerful than them, I would kill them. The day I kill them, the grass on your tombs could already feed cows, you idiots who not even as smart as pigs!”

“Damn you, bastards. I got up earlier to clean your chairs and desks, and you cursed me and called me an idiot. Now, it’s my turn to curse back, otherwise I would be dejected. I am cursing you on the behalf of your parents.” Zhang Tie felt so cool inside...

After a while, the whole classroom was silent. The only sound that could be heard was Zhang Tie taking deep breaths.

“Did someone from your family members sacrifice themselves before when they served the army?” Captain Kerlin suddenly questioned Zhang Tie after a long silence. Zhang Tie gaped.

He never thought that Captain Kerlin was that sensitive. In an instant, Zhang Tie recalled many memories. Finally, Zhang Tie lowered his head, “I had two elder brothers before, but now I only have one. That bastard turned himself into a cremation urn and a medal of bravery on the second year he joined the army during the participation of the war between the Andaman Alliance and Scots. He was brave and always surged forward in each battle.”

As he had lost an elder brother, he knew how painful it was to lose a family member. And his parents hoped him to be as firm as steel that could never be broken by naming him Zhang Tie(TL: Tie means iron in Chinese). This topic was forbidden in Zhang family. Zhang Tie had never seen his late elder brother. He only saw how his mom and dad would silently cry with a photo in their hands. This sadness was deeply rooted in Zhang Tie’s heart. Later on, Zhang Tie knew that he had a bastard eldest brother named Zhang Yong(TL: Yong means braveness). He was so excellent that he was promoted to first lieutenant on the second year he served the army.

Zhang Tie and Zhang Yang(TL: Yang means happiness) once swore to never turn themselves into a medal of bravery in their lives. Thus, Zhang Tie considered it to be reasonable to escape from a powerful enemy, and If necessary, he would even surrender. He had never thought of being the great hero who saved the world. His objective in life was to make his mom and dad happy, to make those who are close to him happy, and to make those whom he liked happy. As for the Red or Green-scarf Burglars, he didn’t care about them at all...



* * *





Chapter 28




Everybody was silent after hearing what Zhang Tie had said. There was a special feeling floating in everyone’s heart. They were somewhat moved by Zhang Tie. As a classmate and an alleged brother to them, he was the very person who jumped out to scold them when they were doing foolish things! It turned out that everybody mistook him for a coward. Nevertheless, the air in the classroom when he abused them was really annoying and made them feel like beating him.

Captain Kerlin was still silent; however, something special filled his eyes.

“I saw you last week in the woods, I remember your name was... ” Captain Kerlin scratched his head, gradually remembering something,

“Zhang Tie!”

“I remember now, it’s you. Your words are very right. I was a bastard before that was more foolish than a pig!” after a deep look at Zhang Tie, Captain Kerlin turned and took in a deep breath.

Towards those horny students to his left, he suddenly roared towards at them, which consequently made the whole teaching building tremble, “You, the bastards who are even more foolish than pigs! Do you know why you are wrong? Go run twenty rounds around the training ground and keep shouting ‘I’m more foolish than a pig’ before the bell rings. In this class, what I want you to remember is that sometimes ruthlessness doesn’t mean bravery, and escape does not equate cowardice. When you face the enemy on the battlefield, you have two tasks: to survive; to make your enemy uncomfortable until they ultimately die. Whatever you do, you have to complete one of the two above tasks to be considered a qualified fighter, otherwise you were born just to be buried underground...”

……

They finished the rest of the class in the training ground. The group of horny students ran around the Training ground and shouted, “I am more foolish than a pig”, “I am more foolish than a pig”, “I am more foolish than a pig”. As their voices were super loud, even the other teachers and students were attracted as they watched the group during intervals between classes.

Captain Kerlin dispatched the fatty Barley, Sharwin, and the other student to the training ground to monitor the running guys. Then he called Zhang Tie to see him.

“Heh… Heh… What you did in the woods really impressed me. It’s rare to see a student who can take such a beating like you!”

In response to Captain Kerlin’s words, Zhang Tie forced a smile. He knew that the excuse he gave didn’t escape the experienced one-eyed man. He was sensitive despite being tough. Since it wasn’t a serious problem, Zhang Tie didn’t want him to punish the others, “That… was just a game… We were playing a game and we are good friends, so we didn’t treat each other too fiercely!”

Seeing Captain Kerlin touching his mustache, Zhang Tie felt something was wrong. From the experience exchanged from blood and tears by numerous predecessors in the school, when Captain Kerlin pretended to think in front of an individual as he stroked his mustache and spoke like a leader, that individual might get some bad luck.

When Captain Kerlin pretended to think in front of someone by touching his mustache and spoke like a leader, someone might go bad luck.

“Haha...Don’t be that reserved, Zhang Tie. I have seen your miserable attitude. Energetic, very energetic. Young men should be very energetic, that’s how it should be...”

“I won’t do that anymore, I won’t!” Zhang Tie’s heart began to race. He couldn’t figure out how Captain Kerlin would punish him.

“I now see you differently because of your escape theory. You can not only take a beating, but also know how to protect yourself when confronted with danger. This is a rare quality, heh, heh, and you are a rare talent!”

“You must be joking, Captain Kerlin!” Zhang Tie began to sweat.

Another experienced learned in the Seventh Male Middle School was that when Captain Kerlin started to touch his mustache as he praised someone like a leader, the other person would definitely get bad luck. “Captain Kerlin, no more joking… I will go watch them run in case they slack off!”

“Don’t worry, I’ve got a special reward for you!”

“Argh, no, Captain Kerlin, how could I receive your reward!”

“Erm...erm… You have to. Are you doubting my, Captain Kerlin’s, promise?” saying this, Captain Kerlin had already placed his two fan-like palms onto Zhang Tie’s shoulders. Zhang Tie couldn’t move at all. An expression of 100 percent sincerity appeared in front of Zhang Tie, “I will introduce you a part-time practice. It’s very good, and you will be highly paid. Besides, you can also strengthen your body and get to know more rich and powerful figures. This is a chance to broaden your vision. If you can do well, you will be much stronger and more powerful. Additionally, there is a handful of beauties over there. This means that you have a chance to get to know some beautiful girls. Many people have begged me for this job, but I didn’t agree. I think that you are the perfect person for this job!”

Zhang Tie gasped, “The experience of the predecessors didn’t come true? There is truly such a marvelous thing in the world! Otherwise, was it because of luck? I have been very lucky in the past few days, and a series of good things have happened to me. Could such a perfect job actually fall into my hands?”

Zhang Tie was just slightly moved and then considered whether Captain Kerlin was telling the truth. Before he was able to nod, Captain Kerlin’s hands had already patted Zhang Tie’s shoulders and seemed like he couldn’t wait to foist the paper into Zhang Tie’s pocket, “So you’ve agreed, great. Here is my letter of introduction. After school today, you can go to No.18 Bright Avenue to report. Once you present this letter of introduction to him, someone will make arrangements for you”

Bright Avenue? Is it that Bright Avenue? Hearing this, Zhang Tie began to trust in Captain Kerlin’s words. Bright Avenue was the prime location in Blackhot City and had the highest price for land. It was where all the rich people congregated. Any commodity shown in the windows of the stores were worth at least a year’s worth of salary for an ordinary person. It was the essence of Blackhot City. Owning a personal apartment in Bright Avenue was a symbol of status.

Could it be that he misheard Captain Kerlin’s words? The words “ Bright Avenue” made Zhang Tie dazzled. He instinctively clasped the letter of introduction, looked at Captain Kerlin, and seriously said, “Thank you”

Captain Kerlin was a good person, Zhang Tie teemed with praise towards Captain Kerlin.

“Erm… you’re welcome. Don’t try to live up to my expectations, just do your job well!” Captain Kerlin’s face blushed slightly and laughed as he left...

“ I am more foolish than a pig.”

……

“ I am more foolish than a pig.”

……

“ I am more foolish than a pig.”

……

Looking at those guys who were running and shouting in the playground, Zhang Tie was filled with a sense of excellence. He took out the letter of introduction and knocked it with a finger. He was fully anticipating what would happen after school — I will soon go to the Bright Avenue and try to become familiar with the upper classes. “Envy me, you bastards…!” Zhang Tie muttered to himself.

At lunch, Captain Kerlin honored his promise and added a meat dish for the four individuals. Gazing at the alluring red-braised meat in their plates, Doug and Bagdad were so aspired that they even had saliva flowing down the side of their mouths. Doug stretched out his spoon towards Barley’s plate; however, Barley fiercely pierced his hand with his fork. As a result, Doug screamed and didn’t dare to try anything like that again.

Bagdad was a bit self-reserved. He closed his eyes while he ate his potatoes, muttering to himself, “This is red-braised meat, this is red-braised meat...” which really made him lose face.

In contrast, Hista and Leit sat on both sides of Sharwin. They aimed at those pieces of alluring meat in Sharwin’s plate and spoke with a kind expression, “Sharwin...”

After that, they found that Sharwin had directly spit out the half-chewed red-braised meat along with a lot saliva onto the plate full of red-braised meat and mixed it with the other pieces. When Sharwin saw Hista and Leit twisting their faces, he winked and innocently asked, “What’s up? Oh, well, would you like some red-braised meat? Come on, it’s delicious! We’re good brothers, so please try some...” Sharwin pretended to give the half-digested red-braised meat to Hista and Leit which scared them off instantly. However, seconds later, the two bastards started to bet with the red-braised pieces of meat on Sharwin’s dining plate. The wager was if one of them dared to eat one piece of the meat, the other would have to pay one silver coin. They continued quarreling...

“Oh, I almost forgot. This morning, I saw that one of your feet had already moved towards the left, so why didn’t you move to the left then?” Zhang Tie asked Barley while chewing a piece of red-braised meat happily.

Being silent for a while, the fatty explained, “When I wanted to move, I glanced at Captain Kerlin’s eyes. All of a sudden, I found the same smile on his face as when he had caught me climbing the school wall two years ago. I was instantly frightened…”

Being captured by Captain Kerlin while climbing over the school wall? Zhang Tie silently prayed for the fatty. He didn’t continue to ask how Captain Kerlin had dealt with him because he could imagine that that event was definitely a dark memory for the fatty during his stay at the Seventh Male Middle School. However, after this event, Zhang Tie really praised Barley’s ability to recognize people’s facial expressions. Zhang Tie could never master that advanced skill…

Glancing over those naive bastards in the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, Zhang Tie found they were all talented!

“Oh, I almost forgot. I saw Captain Kerlin giving you something privately!” fatty asked absent-mindedly. At the same time, all the bastards of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood raised their ears.

Zhang Tie slapped the fatty’s shoulders so hard that the fatty even gritted his teeth and almost spat out the piece of meat from his mouth, “This guy... Just ask straightforwardly! See, this a letter of introduction. Captain Kerlin said he had found a part-time job at the No.18 Bright Avenue for me...”

Kneading his shoulders, Fatty forced an obscene smile. At the same time, Bagdad, who kept muttering red-braised meat, had a strange look and almost choked on the potato in his mouth when he heard “No.18 in Bright Avenue”.

Zhang Tie didn’t notice the change on Bagdad’s face. Instead, he was still thrilled with a full sense of vanity, “Captain Kerlin said that this reward was especially for me and it didn’t fit others. He was deeply impressed by me in the woods. He said that I would be highly paid and could meet many rich and big figures. I could strengthen my body and be more powerful over there. Additionally, I will have a chance to touch beauties! Alas, I actually didn’t want to be there, but he forced me. You know, I am a soft-hearted man. After his long-time persuasion, I finally agreed with him. I have done too many good deeds, and as a result, even beauties and high compensation would fall to me. Moreover, I can even strengthen my body there. Although I won’t be thinking about the beauties, but what if some of them wanted to be !@#$ed by me? Would I agree or not? What a happy boring thing! It really tests my self-restraint. However, I am not a self-reserved guy. Heh, heh, don’t go, I’m not done yet... ”

Finally, Zhang Tie saw a row of middle fingers raised towards him...



* * *





Chapter 29




After school, Zhang Tie once again ran to the railway station to see Miss Daina off. Waiting until the passenger train disappeared from his sight, Zhang Tie didn’t leave the alley nor did he run towards Bright Avenue.

Although he could only saw her in secret, Zhang Tie felt time elapsed. If it was possible, Zhang Tie wanted to see off Miss Daina’s shadow like this for the rest of his life. However, when Miss Daina finally left, Zhang Tie found his stomach growling.

In the past couple of days, Zhang Tie found himself to be easily hungry. Previously, he could still stand his hunger after school; however, his stomach had already been growling by this time. Feeling frustrated, Zhang Tie muttered to himself and patted his deflated belly, “You had already eaten red-braised meat at noon!”

Recalling the red-braised meat, Zhang Tie naturally remembered the part-time job introduced by Captain Kerlin. There were passenger trains heading for Bright Avenue in the railway station ahead, but the cost of the ticket was four copper coins, a price that he was reluctant to pay. Therefore, he decided against taking the passenger train. As he sped up while walking, he comforted himself. “I am a young man and I am energetic, so I should do some running!”

This was not the first time for Zhang Tie to be here in Bright Avenue. Despite this, each and every place in Bright Avenue made Zhang Tie feel self-abased and out of place.

On both sides of Bright Avenue sat numerous stores that showcased various commodities. Just now when he had passed by a shoe store, Zhang Tie could not help but stare at the pair of shoes which were showcased within the store. The price on the tag was an amount that almost frightened Zhang Tie to death—16 gold coins! For the god’s sake! That was the amount his parents would earn after a whole year of hard work. 16 gold coins, 1600 silver coins, 160,000 copper coins. This was enough to buy almost 7 tons of grains. Thinking for quite a while, Zhang Tie still couldn’t think through trading 7 tons of grains for a pair of leather shoes. Although Zhang Tie knew that this was how rich people lived, this really challenged his capability to withstand these stimulations.

After seeing that tag price, Zhang Tie became immune to all the other articles displayed in the stores on both sides of Bright Avenue. The more he saw, the more bored he felt towards them. Gradually, he felt self-abased. Hence, standing on the Bright Avenue, Zhang Tie pretended to look straight ahead and ignored the brilliant articles displayed in the stores.

Nice cars parked on both sides of the street and uniformed drivers who accompanied them as they cleaned them diligently. Zhang Tie swallowed saliva and continued to look straight ahead, pretending to see nothing…

Various tempting aromas drifted from the high-end restaurants situated on both sides of Bright Avenue. Zhang Tie swallowed saliva and continued looking straight ahead, pretending to see nothing…

A row of high and slim sexy beauties were standing outside the doors of the clubs. Their skirts opened from their ankles all the way to their buttocks. At the sight of this alluring scene, Zhang Tie swallowed saliva and continued looking straight ahead, pretending to see nothing…

Outside the gates of the hotels on both sides of Bright Avenue were doormen and servants who wore white gloves as they diligently and sincerely served the customers that entered and exited the hotels. Staring at the beautiful angel sculptures outside the gates of the hotels, Zhang Tie swallowed saliva and continued looking straight ahead, pretending to see nothing…

When handsome boys and beauties passed by him, he noticed their exquisite clothes. Then, he looked at his own old-fashioned school uniform. Zhang Tie swallowed saliva and and continued looking straight ahead, pretending to see nothing...

Gentlemen and ladies were muttering and joking in the coffee houses on both sides of Bright Avenue. Glancing at the tag prices outside the coffee houses, Zhang Tie swallowed saliva and continued looking straight ahead, pretending to see nothing…

At this moment, in the eyes of the servants who stood outside the gates of the numerous shops and hotels on Bright Avenue, Zhang Tie was just a country hick and a person of low value from the rural areas. Nobody paid attention to him.

Wandering on the Bright Avenue like a ghost for half an hour. Zhang Tie had finally arrived at No.18 Bright Avenue. No.16 was in front of him, while No.20 was behind. Seeing the wrought, copper “No.18 Bright Avenue” sign that hung on the pillar and the staircase of at least ten steps beneath it, Zhang Tie instantly gasped. What was more impressive than the house number to Zhang Tie was the large words on the gate at the end of the staircase — Iron Thorns Fighting Club.

Fighting Club? Fighting Club… Fighting Club!

It was a part-time job in the martial club. All of a sudden, Zhang Tie almost dropped down tears. He was really mistaken about Captain Kerlin. He was really a good good person!

In this age, fighting force was of the utmost importance, and fighting clubs were the best place to improve one’s fighting force — at least in the Blackhot City.

Taking a deep breath, Zhang Tie raised his chest high. He then touched that letter of introduction in one of his pocket and strode towards the gate of the Iron Thorns Fighting Club.

“Gold coins, beauties, here I am!” Zhang Tie shouted inwardly…

“Stop! Who are you!?” One of the four terrifying armored guardians, who held a sword in hand as they stood outside the gate of the Fighting Club, stretched out a hand to stop Zhang Tie the moment he moved close to the gate.

Seeing the polished, full-body armor on that tough guy, who was two heads higher than him, in a split second, Zhang Tie felt weak. “I… I am here for a job. Captain Kerlin introduced me to this place!”

“Captain Kerlin? Do you have any evidence?”

“Yes, yes…” Zhang Tie hurriedly took out of the letter of introduction. Right at that moment, Zhang Tie realized that the “thorn” pattern on the upper right corner on the back of the envelope was somewhat related to this place.

With the letter in hand, the tough guy read it and stared at Zhang Tie. Finally, he gave it back to Zhang Tie. “Take your letter and follow me!”

Taking the letter, Zhang Tie followed the tough guy past the gate of the Iron Thorns Fighting Club. Contrary to the scene he envisioned that a scene of a pile of tough guys fighting fiercely, when Zhang Tie entered the fighting club, the first sight he caught was a hall with a fountain that sat in the middle. No other surplus decoration was left on the mirror-like marble stone floor. There were no flowers nor grass. Everything was very neat and tidy. The scene was somewhat similar to the lobbies in the high-end hotels he saw in Bright Avenue. The only thing that made this look like a fighting club was the armors and weapons displayed on both sides of the hall. Some were new, while others were damaged. From them, a chilling killing intent could be felt.

The hall was extremely quiet. Quiet to the point where only the sounds of the trickling fountain could be heard.

There really were beauties. When the armored, manly guy led Zhang Tie to detour the fountain, Zhang Tie saw beauties — not one, but a row of them. They were standing behind the reception desk. Zhang Tie felt dazzled when those beauties gazed at him. He slightly became anxious. Before he could carefully appreciate those beauties, the armored, tough guy pointed to a beauty. “He’s here for a part-time job. Take him to the office of Manager Hance!” The moment the manly guy explained that he was here for a part-time job, Zhang Tie felt the curious gazes of the beauties suddenly leave him. All of a sudden, he became a trivial person once again.

“Follow me!” that beauty moved out of the reception desk and talked to Zhang Tie. Then, she walked directly to an path nearby. Zhang Tie hurriedly followed.

The beauty in front of him had a ponytail. She was older than 20 years old. She wore a black elastic, sleeveless sweater and a pair of white sweat pant, which palpably accentuated her great youthful figure. She smelt fragrant. Behind her, Zhang Tie saw the wiggly butt beneath the slim waist. It was really seductive. Zhang Tie could only feel that blood rushed to his head as his p！@#s became sturdy in a split second. It was too embarrassing, thus Zhang Tie hurriedly put his hand into a pant pocket to press it down.

With the exception of this sexy beauty and Zhang Tie, nobody else was on the carpeted path. Seeing her figure, Zhang Tie felt that he should say something at this moment. Finally, after ten more steps, Zhang Tie plucked up his courage to ask in a foolish way,

“H-hello. I… am Zhang Tie. What’s your name, miss?”

The ponytailed girl stopped and turned around. She glanced over Zhang Tie and raised her eyebrows. Then, she forced a somewhat distant, ironic smile. “I am Mary. Actually, you don’t necessarily need to know my name. Although we are all here to make money, you should know that there is no chance for you, a toad, to f*ck me, a white swan…”

For the first time in his life, Zhang Tie was destructively destroyed. His face turned slightly pale. He also realized that his face twisted. He was really wronged and neither did he know where his fault was. He was simply asking her name. “Do I look like a toad?” At the same time, his fury rose as a result of being ignored and insulted by others.

Being insulted, Zhang Tie had to pay it back many times over. Additionally, with rich experience since he was a kid and being influenced by the atmosphere in the male middle school, he deeply realized that when you were bullied or insulted by others, you had to fight back… Not tomorrow, not the day after tomorrow, not after you had prepared well, but right now, at this moment. Therefore, anyone who ignored the rule of “fighting back in front of insult” would unexceptionally become an unfortunate guy and a coward who would be casually bullied by others.

Therefore, at this moment, Zhang Tie was so brave that he stepped forward and stared at Mary’s eyes sharply. Under the frightening glare of this girl, he seized her exposed shoulders, “Woman, do you believe that one day, you will strip off your clothes and kneel down me to beg me to f*ck you!? Like this…” saying this, Zhang Tie thrust his waist twice fiercely towards the girl in a manner that Hista had always done. Unluckily, the moment he let go of his p*nis, it suddenly popped back up and formed a high tent underneath his pants. As a result, the high tent hit Mary’s stomach twice…

Being knocked by a d*ck and being pressed down by the shoulders, Mary was really scared. She had never before thought she would be treated like this by a poor, part-time, and immature boy in the access of the Fighting Club in broad daylight.

Before she screamed, Zhang Tie loosened his hands and retreated. Then, he foisted his right hand into his pant pocket once again to press down on the p*nis. Raising his jaw, he looked like a rascal. “Lead the way, woman!”

Zhang Tie’s heart was also thumping at that moment. He never thought that he would do something like this. Recalling the pleasant feeling, Zhang Tie became exceptionally thrilled as his hair stood on its ends.

Mary’s face blushed. She opened her mouth but closed it again. Shivering, she pointed at Zhang Tie. After glaring eye-to-eye with Zhang Tie for more than ten seconds, she finally turned around furiously and moved ahead without speaking a word. Zhang Tie finally let out a deep breath. He had made a decision just now that if the girl in front of him dared to shout out, he would escape immediately…

The Iron Thorns Fighting Club was very large. The two of them walked for almost one minute in the deep path before arriving in front of a well-decorated room marked with “Manager’s Office”...

“This is Manager Hance’s Office. Since I’ve brought you here, you can go inside by yourself!” After saying that, Mary raised her head and, like a swan, drifted away without even glancing at Zhang Tie.

Zhang Tie knocked on the door.

“Come in!” a man’s voice that reminded Zhang Tie of Donder, the mean fatty, drifted over. He pushed open the door and actually saw a fatty who sat behind a broad desk made from Nanmu wood. He was trying to wipe the glittering brass buttons on his coat with a piece of green flannelette and subsequently blew on them…

The moment Zhang Tie saw him, he felt that Manager Hance was definitely more stingy than Donder, who didn’t even provide him with a supper.



* * *





Chapter 30




In front of such a stingy and arrogant guy, who was seriously doing something that he considered important, if you could not bring him gold coins or benefits at this moment, you should not disturb him. Instead, you should be patient and wait for him until he has finished his matter. Zhang Tie learned this experience from Donder. Thus, since the time he entered the room, he has said nothing. He just stood by the broad desk of the Manager Hance, being patient as he waited for him to polish those nice buttons. Meanwhile, he silently looked around the most luxurious room that he has ever seen.

It was truly the most luxurious room that Zhang Tie had ever seen, as he had not seen any high-end places at all in his poor 15 years. Fortunately, the part-time job at the grocery store gave him a sharp eye. The moment he entered, he could identify that the floor was made of cedar wood, the desk of Manager Hance was made of Nanmu wood, and the other furniture, including the cabinets, seemed to be made from Golden Pomelo wood. In a corner of the office, Zhang Tie also noticed a huge, naturally-born one-headed crystal that was heavier than 5kg, resting inside a basin of crystal sand. God! He had never seen this before. Before the Catastrophe, people only used crystals as decorations. However, after the Catastrophe, the real application and knowledge of the crystals were popularized. In this age, everybody knew that any natural crystal heavier than 3 kg was called “Crystal Generator” — this was common sense. Wherever you put it, its energy and magnetic field could purify and improve the energy within dozens of square meters. It was of great importance to the health and cultivation of human beings. Some even believed that people’s negative moods could be purified and they would be lucky if they were constantly in an energy field created by such a crystal…

Zhang Tie estimated that this qualified “Crystal Generator” that weighed 5 kg was worth at least 40 gold coins… “How motherf*cking rich!” Zhang Tie heaved a deep sigh. This crystal was at least Class 4 which meant it could not even be bought at Donder’s store. It was palpably a standard “strategic material” that could not be seen in ordinary stores. Only a few franchised stores were permitted to sell them. In Blackhot City, it was monopolized by the commercial groups directly designated by the CSIF. Despite knowing that someone was in the room, Manager Hance, who was polishing his coat buttons, didn’t speak for almost three minutes before he sighed satisfactorily. He took off the flannelette and the monocle, put them away in a drawer, and then glanced at Zhang Tie.

“Sensible boy!” Manager Hance praised. He seemed to have been satisfied with Zhang Tie, as he had not bothered him when he was doing something elegant. “Well then, show me your ability!”

Being a fatty, Manager Hance’s face looked like a steaming bun that had been punched fiercely. His eyes, ears, nose, and mouth were completely buried in his fat. Compared to him, Donder was slim.

Zhang Tie hurriedly moved forward and handed over the letter of introduction to Manager Hance. Then, he stood straight in front of the broad desk and pretended to be innocent. “I am a student from the Seventh National Middle School. Captain Kerlin said that this was a nice part-time job!”

“Ha, nice, of course. Nice…” Taking the letter, Manager Hance swept over its contents and smiled. Then he glanced over Zhang Tie for a while with a stern stare that made him look creepy. “You will work here from 6:00 pm to 11:00 pm after school. How many days could you come in per week?”

“Monday, Wednesday, and Friday…” Zhang Tie replied after a few seconds. Since he had to work for Donder on Tuesdays and Thursdays and had to help his mom on the weekends, he was only available on those three days.

“Only three days. Although it’s not too much, it’s fine...” Pulling out a piece paper from his drawer, he rapidly scrawled on it. Meanwhile, he poured out without any signs of stopping, “You can get your payment once a week. You will be paid 70 copper coins per hour when there’s something you have to do, and you can get more paid more if you perform well. Remember to be here on time! If you’re late even one minute, that day’s work will be done without payment. As for your personal expense to get here, we will not reimburse you for it. If there’s any tip from the guest, you can foist them into your own pocket. Kerlin should have already told you what you’re going to do here…”

“Captain Kerlin said…” The moment Zhang Tie wanted to repeat the nice promises told by Captain Kerlin, the door to the room was abruptly pushed open by a man, who hurriedly reported, “Manager, the guest in Room No.6 has been impatient…”

“Where is Harry?” standing up, Manager Hance shouted furiously. “If you offend our noble guests, our gods of wealth, you’re basically sending me to be stripped and thrown into the sewers. Is that what you’re trying to do?”

“The contract terminated yesterday. Harry has already resigned!” the man replied with a cry. “I have already reported this to you. What should we do now...”

Hance instantly recovered his composure. Two seconds later, the two of them cast their sights onto Zhang Tie at the same time. Hance suddenly gave a friendly smile. “ You… little boy, what’s your name? Come on, sign the contract. You’re very lucky… yep…”

The fat on Hance’s face shivered painfully. “ I will pay you an additional 10 copper coins per hour and this part-time job will be yours!”

Zhang Tie was thrilled. He never thought that he would encounter such an event on the first day. This job paid very generously and could make him stronger. What was more was that he could meet numerous important people. A job of touching beauties closely might even fall on him.

Zhang Tie was really lucky. His compensation had been increased within one hour of arriving. This was the first paid job he has ever had in his life.

Therefore, Zhang Tie didn’t hesitate in the least. He directly took the pen passed by Manager Hance, and without even glancing over the contract, he scribbled down his name.

After signing the contract, Manager Hance hurriedly put away the contract into the drawer. Before Zhang Tie had a chance to speak, the other man couldn’t wait and began to drag Zhang Tie by the hand towards the door. At this moment, Manager Hance remembered something and shouted, “He reeks strongly of sweat. Take him to the bath…”

Unexpectedly, he got such a high compensation of 80 copper coins per hour working for the Iron Thorns Fighting Club. Doesn’t this mean that he could easily make three or four silver coins through four or five hours of work? Three or four silver coins? The happiness arrived so fast that Zhang Tie felt dizzy after hearing the news about his increasing salary. He simply followed others’ orders mechanically, which made him feel like a machine on the production line. He got the full experience of what a streamlined production was — being urged to take a bath, then putting on soft cotton linen clothes and a pair of stockings.

After his bath and putting on clothes, he was pulled aside by someone and was covered in another layer of protective pads and armor. These protective pads and armors were worn on his front chest, back, crotch, and his limbs. They made him feel mighty. Eventually, when half his head was covered with a huge helmet, Zhang Tie felt something was amiss. “Is this the working uniform? So strange? Something must be wrong!”

Nevertheless, before Zhang Tie was able to ask, he had already been taken into a room…

It was a huge room covering about 200 square meters. The floor felt elastic, as it was paved with skid-proof rubber. The four walls were covered in padding that were akin to leather bags. The only person in this huge room was a 12-year-old kid. With red-brown hair, he wore a white uniform that was purposely made for practicing fighting. In a cold demeanor, the kid beat a figure-like doll.

Staring at that kid, who also noticed Zhang Tie, he stopped instantly. Zhang Tie also forced a kind smile, striding towards that kid. Lowering himself, he spoke. “Hey, little friend…”

Without any warning, the kid turned and made a side kick directly towards Zhang Tie’s head. Zhang Tie didn’t have a chance to say anything before his vision turned dark and passed out…

……

After quite a while, Zhang Tie’s nose felt itchy. When he sneezed, he finally woke up. Waking up, Zhang Tie still felt dizzy, as if there were dozens of small figures hammering drums in his brain. “Kid, you’re awake…” A bald muscular man that was more than 30-years-old stood before him. There were some wounds on his face. This man looked like he was as strong as an ox. Seeing Zhang Tie open his eyes, the tough man sneered and put away the small porcelain vial on the tip of Zhang Tie’s nose. After putting away the small porcelain vial, he opened a locker beside him and started to change his clothes.

Zhang Tie tried to sit up with difficulty. He found that he was lying on a broad and long chair. There were four or five other people in the room. Before he was able to speak, he suddenly felt nauseous. Noticing the trash can at a corner of a locker cabinet, he covered his mouth with a hand and dashed towards it. While vomiting, even his eyes almost popped out; however, besides some viscous saliva, he vomited nothing else. After a while, he finally felt better and returned to that chair. He shook his head and tried to remember what had happened...

“Wait...” Zhang Tie suddenly stood up, looking around for that kid. “I swear I’m going to beat the sh*t out of you when I see you again!”

“Boy, we’re training partners. Faithfully, we’re just flesh-bags. However, you need to learn some skills. Bruises are nothing serious, but you still have to protect your head and your d*ck. You are the first person I have ever seen who sent out their head towards someone’s kick without any protection…” The tough guy, who had just changed his clothes, walked over. He patted Zhang Tie’s shoulders and left the dressing room with a bag in hand.

What? Training partner? Flesh-bag? Zhang Tie gasped…



* * *





Chapter 31




In the past, Zhang Tie always thought of himself as intelligent. Well, at the very least, he thought that he was not stupid. He was not someone who was easily cheated by others. However, on that day, he found himself to be innocent and naive. On that day, he understood the essence of the proverb “human beings die in pursuit of wealth, and birds die in pursuit of food”.

At this moment, he now completely understood what Captain Kerlin’s words meant.

High compensation — 80 copper coins for being fiercely beaten by another person. A hot water bath was also provided before and after being beaten by the people in the event that they reeked of sweat. What high compensation this was… What human-friendly service this was...

Meet influential and rich figures — people who could afford to use the Iron Horns Fighting Club were all rich and influential figures, as ordinary people could not afford it at all.

Strengthen your body when you were free — nothing else could strengthen your body as much as becoming a training partner and a flesh-bag.

Many beauties in the workplace — there were truly many beautiful waiters like Mary; however, those beauties had nothing to do with him. He was heavily attacked for just asking her name, which almost made him self-abased.

Thinking of how he readily accepted this part-time job without thinking, he felt that his life became gloomy once again. Zhang Tie became especially gloomy when he realized that all of his “guests” would be boys of about 12 years of age. It was fine to be beaten by classmates his age, which he could just treat as training at school; however, being beaten by a handful of kids younger than him, he felt that he would be heavily damaged both physically and mentally. Those kids were from influential families. They accepted the best education since birth. Their families spent a lot of resources on them, and they had already been able to ignite their Shrine burning point. They were even stronger than Zhang Tie in every possible physical aspect. He felt really uncertain about such a part-time job, thus after he became clear-minded, the first thing he wanted to do was to resign in Manager Hance’s office. “F*ck you! I won’t do this! I have the chance to give it up!” Zhang Tie cursed inwardly.

……

“No way…” Hance’s smile instantly froze when he knew what Zhang Tie wanted to do. He turned stern and shook the contract in his hand like an acrid woman. The cigar in his other hand almost touched Zhang Tie’s forehead. “Boy, before you finish 600 hours of work, you have to compensate us twice the amount in the contract if you want to resign. This means 1200 hours in total at 80 copper coins per hour. You should know how much you have to pay in total since it’s written right here in the contract and you’ve signed here. If you want to quit, you have to pay the penalty. Although we, the Iron Thorns Fighting Club, are powerful, we are not bullying you as we are doing things in accordance with the law…” Gaping at the terms on the contract, Zhang Tie turned pale. He became speechless and started to blame himself for signing the contract without thinking it over. He never thought that there was such a motherf*cking term on it. He would have to pay 9 gold coins and 60 silver coins for breaking the contract. Obviously, this was a price he couldn’t afford.

Seeing Zhang Tie turn pale, Manager Hance put away the contract and let out a slow suggestion, “Boy, this job is not as terrifying as you imagine. You are new here and don’t know the skills required to be a training partner, that’s why you suffered a loss. Later on, you will learn from these experiences and become smarter. I don’t know why that bastard Kerlin recommended you, but since you are young, I think you should listen to my advice: ‘Each difficult challenge you face is a chance for you to grow up’. Think about this advice carefully. Now then, you should feel embarrassed about being beaten by several younger kids. If you can’t even handle one of those small kids, what else can you do in the future? This world is far more sophisticated and difficult than what you have encountered today! Well, since it’s your first time to on the job today and you have learned from this experience, although you have not stood for even one minute... I am a kind person, so I will pay you half an hour worth of compensation today. Alright, hurry up and go back home. In these past few days, night meals are forbidden in Blackhot City. If you get home late, you might get in trouble…”

……

Exiting Manager Hance’s office, Zhang Tie continued to ponder over what Manager Hance had taught him — “Each difficult challenge you face is a chance for you to grow up”. Yea! Would he be frightened by those small kids? Would he run away and be laughed at by that b*tch Mary?

“No, no way! I will never be afraid of those kids!”

Thinking in this manner, Zhang Tie instantly felt much better.

When he passed the reception desk, Zhang Tie encountered Mary. Seeing Zhang Tie coming out, Mary muttered something to the rest beauties. As a result, those beauties cast a contemptuous gaze at Zhang Tie. Zhang Tie felt that he had no chance to sleep with beauties like her, as no woman would fall in love with a man whom she had cast a contemptuous gaze on. Zhang Tie heaved a deep sigh.

“I heard someone was kicked by young master Gregory and passed out within one minute. What a weak man!” Mary’s words instantly stirred up Zhang Tie.

“Sister Mary, don’t forget our appointment!” Zhang Tie gave a flying kiss to Mary and then thrust his waist, like what Hista usually does, a couple of times towards the rest beauties. This series of movements made Mary’s face turn pale as the other beauties gaped. It seemed that they never imagined that someone would do such weird movements. Then Zhang Tie laughed out loudly, detoured the fountain, and walked out the gate of the Iron Thorns Fighting Club.

Standing in front of the mighty gate of the Iron Thorns Fighting Club, Zhang Tie stared at the stars in the sky and waved his fists fiercely. He shouted inwardly, “I will never be beaten!” Closely following his inner shouts was his thunderous belly, which reminded Zhang Tie that he had not even eaten supper yet. Hence, he trotted towards the direction of his home…

Peering over Zhang Tie, who was trotting his way home, Captain Kerlin and Hance stood beside the window in Hance’s office. Pulling down the curtain, Hance muttered, “Youth is good! But, this boy doesn’t seem to be able to take a beating like you’ve told me. Do you have a good opinion of him?”

“The boy is smart. If he is able, he will get his reward. If he isn’t, he will get his punishment. He dared to blackmail his classmates in front of me, the intelligent Captain Kerlin. He dared to justify escape in front of me, the brave Captain Kerlin, in such a reasonable way. Since that’s the case, I have to give him a chance to prove himself. I will see whether he is a real man or just simply someone who pretends to be a real man…” with arms crossed, the one-eyed man explained stiffly.

……

Zhang Tie returned home in 40 minutes with less than one hour left before the time when night meals became forbidden in Blackhot City. The moment he engulfed all the food and dishes made by his mom and washed the bowl and chopsticks, his parents came home.

“Why did you come back so late?” Zhang Tie’s dad asked curiously.

“Erm, your son performed well at school, so a teacher introduced me to a part-time job. The pay is really good. I can get familiar with many influential and rich figures, and I can also strengthen my body when I am free. Oh, I almost forgot. There are also many beauties over there!” Zhang Tie raised his eyebrows.

“Really? It’s that good?” Zhang Tie’s dad became a bit suspicious.

“Of course. I can go there after school on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, so I might come home a little late. You don’t need to worry about me!”

“What a kind of part-time job is it?” Zhang Tie’s mom added.

“Iron Thorns Fighting Club. Those beauties were really enthusiastic. When I was there today, the elder sister who showed me around had praised me and said that I was ambitious. I also made a bet with her that I will definitely make my dream come true!” Zhang Tie pretended to be excited in front of his mom…

“So you’re saying you were praised by a beauty? Your mom is not that easily cheated. Don’t even dream about it!” Zhang Tie’s mom flicked her finger on Zhang Tie’s forehead a couple of times.

“Really, mom! I mean it!” Zhang Tie gasped with tongue stretched out like a puppy.

“Then, tell me! How did she praise you?”

“She praised that I was ambitious!” Zhang Tie pretended to be very serious.

“What ambition?”

“A toad that wants to eat a swan… Heh… heh...”

Hearing this, both his mom and dad considered it as a joke. As a result, Zhang Tie’s dad spat out a mouthful of water as his mom gaped for a while before laughing out loudly. Then Zhang Tie’s mom stretched out her hand to pat Zhang Tie. “You’re better at joking than before...”

After freely chatting with his parents, Zhang Tie successfully cemented the idea that he was just an ordinary waiter over there. They both considered this as a chance for Zhang Tie to learn and experience society through working. Judging from Zhang Tie’s happy expression, they didn’t oppose it either. If they knew that he was there to be beaten by kids, they would definitely be saddened and would definitely ask him to stop. Not to mention, Zhang Tie needs to work hard to garner respect!

After washing his feet and brushing his teeth, Zhang Tie yawned and returned to his room. However, he didn’t fall asleep. Instead, he entered the Castle of Black Iron. During the past day, the basic attributes also changed a lot…

Aura Value changed the most from 1.8 to 3.7 within one day, as those sprouting potatoes in the Castle of Black Iron were growing taller and taller.

Merit Value increased from 43 to 47. He received an additional 4 Merit Value points by mopping the desks and chairs for his classmates this morning.

——In the morning of February 26, 889th year of the Black Iron Calendar, Handsome and Magnificent Lord did good deeds at his school by mopping his classmates’ desks and chairs, which made everybody in the classroom happy. As a result, Merit Value was increased by 4.

Seeing this, Zhang Tie realized that those guys were actually happy inside when their desks and chairs were mopped by others. They just couldn’t control their mouths. Through this event, Zhang Tie knew more about Merit Value.

After checking the basic attributes of the Castle of Black Iron, Zhang Tie returned to his field. Those niblets had yet to sprout, while the tender sprouts of the potatoes were as tall as a finger. Compared to two days ago, they’ve already changed greatly. No wonder, the Aura Value had increased so much.

After checking on the niblets and the potatoes, Zhang Tie felt a little bit more comfortable. The moment he stood in front of the small tree and prepared to check the number of hours left before the first leakless fruit became ripe...

A dialogue box suddenly appeared in front of Zhang Tie.

——On the evening of February 16, 889th year of the Black Iron Calendar, Handsome and Magnificent Lord was attacked in the Fighting Club. The attack exceeded your physical standing limit and had already harmed your health. A special fruit from the Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree is ready to be produced. Please read the following tip, Handsome and Magnificent Lord!

Zhang Tie slightly gasped. After thinking for a while, Zhang Tie moved closer to the Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree. The moment he stretched out his hand to touch it, a line of words appeared in front of him.

——Frustrations make you braver. Once you face them bravely, all the pain and strikes you receive will turn into sweet fruits. You should be calm like the motherland and strengthen your body like fine steel. Iron Body Fruit is ready to be produced. Do you want to produce the fruit?

——Yes… No...

Iron Body Fruit? Zhang Tie gaped…



* * *





Chapter 32




Seeing the bastards of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood pointing at him with an obscene snort after class, Zhang Tie instantly knew that they had already known about the matter of being a flesh-bag. Although Zhang Tie didn’t know how these bastards found out, Zhang Tie could feel it instinctively and precisely.

After the two classes, the group of horny students crowded into the washroom and then talked as they laugh outside the classroom in the hallway. In the morning, the feeling of the sunlight on the human body made one feel comfortable, thus the students pushed each other in the hallway for a bit of that sunlight, as if they were moldy salty fish. Seeing Zhang Tie walking in their direction gloomily, the bastards of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood started to pretend to avert their gaze. They raised their heads and looked up at the clouds in the sky, pretending as if nothing had happened. Every one of them seemed like a poet. F*ck! Zhang Tie guessed that they must be boisterously laughing under their stern expressions.

“Just laugh. Stop pretending, it must be hard for you!” Zhang Tie passed by and said lightly. Hearing this, those bastards couldn’t stand it anymore and burst out into laughter simultaneously.

“Brother, what unpleasant thing happened last night? Tell us and let us be happy. Hahahaha…”

“Bastards, you knew something was wrong yesterday, so why didn’t you tell me? I was almost beaten to death last night…” Zhang Tie instantly grabbed Hista’s collar as he pretended to be furious.

Hista hurriedly raised up his hands. “Who told you to brag yesterday? Bagdad had long guessed what would happen to you, but he thought you were too arrogant, so he didn’t tell you. Do you remember what you had said yesterday?” Hista started to act like Zhang Tie as he said with an obscene smile, “Alas, you know my greatest weakness is my soft-hearted nature and being unable to see others embarrass themselves. I didn’t promise him until Captain Kerlin begged me for a long time. My popularity is really high, I’ve done too many good things. Alas, even becoming close with beauties and high compensation fell upon me. Besides, I can also strengthen my body…”

Thinking of his performance in front of these bastards and their laughter, Zhang Tie blushed. The old saying from the Chinese clan that “people should not be too arrogant, otherwise you will be hit by lightning bolt” was really right! He only pretended a little bit yesterday, yet he already got what he deserved.

Zhang Tie stared at Bagdad, who shrugged his shoulders naturally. “Captain Kerlin is a part-time coach at the Iron Thorns Fighting Club. Previously, he used to introduce our fellow elder students to the part-time jobs in that place, and all the part-time jobs were being beaten by small kids from rich families.

“Why didn’t I know about this?” Zhang Tie asked dejectedly.

“This isn’t a secret at all, but you didn’t pay attention to the information concerning the Iron Thorns Fighting Club. Those kids have strict requirements for their training partners. Being limited in height and body development, their training partners should not be adults and neither should they be kids of the same age, as they would not be able to stand their fierce punches and kicks. This job is better suited for people like us. We are slightly older and stronger than those rich kids; however, as we’ve not yet ignited the Shrine burning point, it’s not possible for us to completely defeat them…”

“What? We can’t beat them?” Hista asked curiously.

“Of course not. If we were stronger than them, how could they kick you over so easily?”

“We’re just training partners, so why do we have to be beaten by those kids?”

Crossing his arms, Bagdad sneered, “This is the distinction between us and those rich people. Although a stronger person could be their training partner, they don’t really need such a person. Do you know why? It’s because those rich people hope that their kids could easily beat us while they are still young. They need their kids to consolidate confidence and mental advantage. Their Qi field could weaken their opponent’s confidence. As if facing an enemy, they would naturally like to be in an advantageous position, hence even though you may reach the same level as him in the future, you would still not be his match. There are many details concerning this, making it rather abstruse. This is a mysterious theory that I have heard from a person in the fighting club.”

Zhang Tie heard this theory for the first time. He was rather surprised about it; however, he also felt that it might actually be true. Otherwise, why wouldn’t the fighting club find a young man who was the same age as Zhang Tie that had also ignited the Shrine burning point? It was possible for them to find many people who met this description in Blackhot City. Glaze, for example, was already a LV 2 fighter. What made Zhang Tie even more surprised was that this knowledge was mysterious, meaning only a few people could learn it and was something that most commoners did not know about. Mysterious knowledge was very expensive and included most cultivation skills and fighting skills. It was said that before the Catastrophe, human society’s mysterious knowledge system had already been well developed. Some of them were called “intellectual property protection”, some were called “patents”, while other mysterious knowledge was only privy to those from mysterious religious groups such as the group who knew about the functions of the crystals. Whereas, nowadays in the Age of Black Iron, most mysterious knowledge belonged to certain groups, various industrial associations, religious groups, various trade unions, various schools, etc. As the foundation and surviving assets of this age, mysterious knowledge was not something that commoners could come into contact with. Although the skill required to use an abacus was not very important, strictly speaking, it was still considered a form of mysterious knowledge that had been popular within Chinese clan. Before Donder taught him this skill, Zhang Tie was warned to not pass them to alien clans. If he violated the agreement, it might bring extremely serious consequences.

In the Age of Black Iron, besides resources, once you master a valuable skill or mysterious knowledge, it was possible to become rich and powerful within an area in a short period of time. Of course, you might also be a thorn in the eyes of others due to the mysterious knowledge and may turn into a corpse one day. Mysterious knowledge was related to money. When you monopolize mysterious knowledge and skills, you also occupy the most of the profits accrued from them. This mysterious law seems to have not changed in the slightest, even prior to the Catastrophe.

“Resign as early as possible. You might suffer mental trauma if you are always being bullied by those kids. By then, it would be really hard for you to become a powerful man!” Bagdad suggested sincerely.

“I will consider it; however, I have to finish 600 hours first…” Zhang Tie mentioned the contract on purpose with a sad expression. The huge penalty of 10 gold coins made everybody gape instantly.

“What motherf*cking mysterious knowledge!? Could it match the Iron Body Fruit that is going to ripen on my Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree?” Given the name of the fruit, Zhang Tie had already known that it was really motherf*cking great. However, what he needed to do was to be constantly beaten by kids to form that fruit. People will pay me as they risk their lives to help me form an iron body from the fruit. What a splendid thing! Zhang Tie felt no failure at all.

The moment Zhang Tie rolled his eyes and planned to brag about how Mary praised him so as to rouse those bastards, the whole hallway calmed down. Zhang Tie turned his head and saw Miss Daina entering the amphitheater with a mould of a snail in hand. They stared at her for a few seconds before glancing at each other. In an instant, they all poured into the amphitheater at a speed that was even faster than when they had rushed into the washroom previously. Everybody strove to occupy the front seats near Miss Daina.

In the Seventh National Male Middle School, if it was a class taught by Miss Daina, every horny student would take the initiative and pour into the classroom before the bell rang. The best seats in the first row were naturally occupied by Glaze and his followers. In contrast, the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood occupied the seats in the middle row, which could be considered neither good nor bad.

Noticing that everyone had entered the room, Miss Daina started class immediately. She took up a stick of chalk and scribbled two words on the blackboard.

——Blood Clan!

Miss Daina glanced over them with her beautiful eyes. At this moment, all the horny students sat straight like erecting javelins, showing a stern expression and a desire for knowledge.

“Dear students, for today’s class, I want to talk you about the Blood Clan. The Blood Clan in our age is different from those before the Catastrophe. As described in artworks, mythologies, and legends, the ones before the Catastrophe were vampires that could change into bats; however, they didn’t really exist. The Blood Clan in the Age of Black Iron, however, refers to the mutated, wild living beings and the aliens that emerged after the Catastrophe. The two are completely different from each other. The Blood Clan we usually talk about have the following traits: Firstly, from their appearance, they are always red all over, as if they were covered in blood, and could be easily identified in the wild. Secondly, every living being from the Blood Clan likes fresh blood. They are carnivores and the most dangerous killers in the wild. Any animal with blood would be considered food for them. Thirdly, every animal from the Blood Clan would greatly change physically after the mutation. If they mutate, they would develop some weird abilities that could make them even more dangerous and harder to deal with. Now, let’s take the blood snail as an example. Blood snails are the most common species in the Blood Clan. I will teach you how to handle this thing if you ever encounter it in the wild…”

Watching her tender and beautiful face as he listened to her fabulous voice, Zhang Tie gaped. In reality, they didn’t care about what she was talking about. For most people, once they could see Miss Daina standing over there and listen to her voice, they were already content.

It was said that a very bad event once happened in class that made Miss Daina extremely angry; therefore, an extremely strange rule, a rule that was considered the strangest rule within all the schools in Blackhot City, was made in the Seventh National Male Middle School — all students in Miss Daina’s class must put their hands in a visible place. Hence, whenever her gaze swept through the students in her class, all the horny students would sit straight like a well-behaved baby. With hands overlapped on their desks, the student looked desiring for knowledge. After a while, the sound of swallowing saliva spread throughout every corner of the classroom. Besides that sound, there was also the sound of a knocking that was similar to the sound produced by the knocking between a wooden fish1 and stick while a piece of cloth was between them. All in all, there were various sounds and various phenomena. Miss Daina’s classes would always make Zhang Tie hallucinate due to the excitement. Right at this moment…

Miss Daina, in a short skirt, sat on the rostrum as a section of her plump and snow white thigh became exposed. The buttons of her upper outer garment couldn’t cover her plump breasts as they dazzled the students. At that moment, only Zhang Tie and Miss Daina were in the classroom. Calling Zhang Tie to go in front of her, Miss Daina lowered her body and tried her best to push her breasts into a ravine that caused people to become awed. Then she pressed down Zhang Tie’s head into the ravine and gave an obscene smile. Before Zhang Tie was suffocated by that mass of snow white, Miss Daina pushed Zhang Tie away and stretched out two of her beautiful fingers, taking out of a slim pipe as she started to blow out pink bubbles one by one. The pink bubbles flew in the air and exploded on Zhang Tie’s face, causing Zhang Tie to be completely intoxicated…

“Baby, do you want to give it a try?” Miss Daina showed a seducing smile and curved one of her fingers towards Zhang Tie…

……

“I will!” Zhang Tie stood up abruptly, which really startled the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood. It was close to the end of the class when Miss Daina would ask if the students had any question. Zhang Tie’s sudden reaction almost shocked those beside him to death.

In a split second, everyone in the classroom cast their eyes on Zhang Tie. As a result, Zhang Tie felt hot all over. Glaze, who sat in the front row, turned back to cast a contemptuous look at Zhang Tie. Glaze had already prepared two questions concerning blood snails and pretended to be a well-behaved student, in an attempt to talk with Miss Daina for a while. However, before he was able to stand up, Zhang Tie’s voice had taken away his chance. By the time Zhang Tie had stood up and shouted, he had already become completely clear-minded. Peering around at the thorny looks, Zhang Tie was suddenly sweating all over.

“That male student, do you have any questions about this class?” Miss Daina asked seriously.

Thankfully, Zhang Tie was smart. Almost at the same time, he thought of a question that was somewhat related to this class.

“Miss Daina, I have almost remembered everything that you’ve taught in this class, but I have a question on other types of living beings. I want to know whether you can help me answer it!” Zhang Tie fabricated a question…

Wooden Fish, a Buddhist instrument that is normally knocked on by monks and nuns. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wooden_fish



* * *





Chapter 33




“Big Head must have a bee in his head now. I clearly saw him absent-minded just now. Eyes half closed with an obscene smile on his face, his saliva almost flowed down. He was sleep-talking and didn’t know what Miss Daina was talking about!” Leit muttered slightly to Doug. Right then, Barley kicked Leit slightly to tell him to shut up. Barley never knew that what Leit had said was actually true.

“Last night, I was heating up water at home. After the water was boiled, I lifted the kettle from the stove and placed it on the ground; however, I forgot to fill the thermos flask with the boiling water. By the time I noticed it, I found that the boiling water in the kettle had already cooled down…” The other horny animals widely opened their ox-egg-like eyes and stared at Zhang Tie. They didn’t know what he was talking about at all. Thankfully, they were the utmost disciplined in Miss Daina’s class. If this had happened in another teacher’s class, Zhang Tie might’ve been miserably hit by rotten eggs thrown by the other students the moment he finished his sentence.

Miss Daina listened to him patiently, which allowed Zhang Tie to have enough time to organize his words.

“I didn’t think too much at that time and just boiled it again; however, when I thought about this in the evening, I thought of a problem that I couldn’t solve at all. Hence, that’s why I invite Miss Daina to solve it for me. Are each of us like a kettle of boiling water? From the moment we were born into this world, are we constantly losing energy from our bodies minute by minute and day by day unconsciously?” This question was really unconventional, even the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood were shocked. They never thought that Zhang Tie could fabricate such a high-level question — whether each of them was a kettle of boiling water?

This question originated from the message Zhang Tie had seen when the “Leakless Fruit” came into being. Zhang Tie had been unable to comprehend the message, thus he took the opportunity to ask Miss Daina about it.

“This student is really good at thinking. This is a special question. As this is your final semester at school, I had planned to talk about body energy in a later class, but unexpectedly, you’ve already noticed it. So, I will talk about it with you now…”

“Dingling dingling…”

The moment she opened her mouth, the bell rang. Miss Daina waited until the bell finished ringing before giving an embarrassed smile. “Class is over, it’s time for a break. Since this topic will take much time to explain, let’s talk about it in the next class...”

After class, a few people left the classroom, while the majority stayed in the classroom. Some students even purposely asked Miss Daina foolish questions concerning the previous biology class, and Miss Daina would patiently answer their questions, seemingly as though she did not notice their intentions. Glaze and his three followers almost surrounded Miss Daina as Glaze talked loudly and laughed exaggeratedly from time to time, as if showing that he was very familiar with Miss Daina. He pretended that he was getting along well with Miss Daina and would turn to the remaining people in the classroom when Miss Daina didn’t notice, showing a pleasant and blatant expression.

“Glaze is an idiot!” Hista muttered aside, “If it wasn’t for his accomplished dad… if it wasn’t for his good family background… Bagdad could definitely beat him up! It wouldn’t be his turn to show off here!!”

This assessment really made Bagdad pleased. Hearing their assessment, Bagdad made a cold “humph” and gazed at Glaze. Every member of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood knew that Glaze was the very target that Bagdad had set in his mind to surpass.

“I hear that the final recommendation list will be determined by the end of this semester. If Glaze wants to obtain a recommendation to enter the Andaman Alliance’s Military Officer Training Academy, he needs to have a good performance this time. Within our school gates, a LV 2 fighter is truly amazing; however, outside of the school gates, he is nothing at all. I’ve heard that in the recent years, the lowest requirement for apprentices from Blackhot City to join the Andaman Alliance’s Military Training Academy is LV 3 fighter. To conclude my analysis, currently, Glaze is somewhat unqualified!” Leit added.

“Suppose he doesn’t get enrolled in the academy. Glaze is already something special!” Sharwin said admirably.

“Sharwin, the Andaman Alliance’s Military Officers Training Academy is already something special for the commoners; however, it is not the best. We, the Andaman Alliance, are just a small power in the Blackson Human Clan Corridor that could only protect itself reluctantly. In the end, the alliance is not good at combat. Although the Andaman Alliance’s Military Officer Training Academy is a comparatively senior learning agency within the Alliance, outside the alliance, it’s not something to show off about. Outside of the alliance, there were real talents like Li Shizhen, who was directly taken away by a senior member of the Pharmacists Union and became an apprentice of a mysterious senior member. Li Shizhen was thousands of times greater than Glaze. Even Glaze’s dad is just a pile of bullsh*t in front of him!” said Barley like an old man as he Sharwin’s shoulders lightly.

“I heard pharmacists could make a lot of money?” Zhang Tie was interested in every highly paid industry, thus hearing the word “pharmacists”, the first thing Zhang Tie thought of was money.

“There are only four pharmacists in the entire Blackhot City. Three of them are long-term advisers at the three fighting clubs in Blackhot City, while the last one is the supplier of the CSIF. Of course, they are rich! No one else could make more money than pharmacists on the whole continent…”

“If only I could be a pharmacist!” the manly Doug said like an idiot.

The moment Doug opened his mouth, nobody else replied. Instead, they all turned to him. Doug pretended to be arrogant. After a long while, Barley patted his shoulders. “Doug, I never thought you’d be this funny!”

The ten minute break soon elapsed and the last morning class began. With their hands on their desks, they pretended to sit well again. Without further explanation, Miss Daina started to draw something on the blackboard with a stick of chalk. After a few minutes, a time-honored tree, twisted with numerous vines, appeared. Nobody knew what it meant. Afterward, Miss Daina put the stick of chalk on the desk and turned around as she clapped her hands.

“Last class, a student asked whether our human body is losing energy over time. I will now explain it to you with an anatomy diagram of the urine routes and blood vessels neighboring the bladder of the human body. The old tree-like thing is the urine routes neighboring our bladder, and the vine-like things coiling around them are tiny blood vessels, which are similar to the tree roots, that absorb the rarely seen elements and energy from the urine back into the human body in order to avoid waste. The science of anatomy provides a tool for us to recognize the secrets of our body; however, this tool is also limited, as our body is the most precise instrument in the world. The instrument has numerous secrets that could never be explained by anatomy. Actually, even though our body has numerous complex systems and function whose purpose is to reduce the amount of body energy wasted, our body is still wasting a large amount of energy over time. Take urine for example. As you have learned in the survival class, when you are stranded in a cold environment, you would be able to last five more hours than others simply by just not peeing. When you are in a situation where you have no access to food and water, you can collect your urine, and by drinking it, you would be able to last another 48 hours. Urine is very important when it’s concerning life and death, as it contains a large amount of body energy and beneficial substances. The body energy and beneficial substances that should’ve been staying in our bodies run off for no reason. Although our body has adopted numerous means to prevent the loss, it can only slow down the loss. Much of the body energy escapes through various means. I know some special communities use their urine as a medicine, so as to improve their health. The first thing they do after getting up in the morning is going to pee, followed by collecting the urine and drinking it. They believe that they can prevent the loss of body energy and beneficial substances in this manner...”

Everyone in the classroom was at a loss for words, for they thought that drinking urine was much more terrifying than the “blood clan”, especially when the words came out of Miss Daina’s mouth. They became so oddly excited that they almost exclaimed.

“Miss Daina, are there actually people who drink their urine?” a horny student in the first row couldn’t help but ask.

“There is!” Miss Daina looked stern. Not feeling embarrassed from the question, Miss Daina seemingly treated it as a purely “educational question”. “When they drink their first urine in the morning, they believe that the energy within the urine could help them maintain their youth and health. Actually, they are all famous person now, as they live longer than commoners. They also treat the urine of children and infants as good medicine to cure diseases. They believe that the urine of children and infants contain the purest life energy!” The whole classroom became bustling.

“Using the example of urine, I wanted to tell you that much of the energy within the human body is wasted over time for no apparent reason. Nobody knows how much energy is wasted precisely. I only know that if a person could recollect all of this wasted energy each day, even a bit of them, it would be a very large amount. Besides urine, there are other ways that waste even more of our body energy!”

“What ways, Miss Daina?”

“Wet dreams and masturbation!” Miss Daina looked stern and calm. When the two nouns came out of Miss Daina’s mouth, the classroom oddly calmed down once again. They looked left and right with very weird expressions. Some of them directly lowered their heads and dared not to look at Miss Daina at all. Zhang Tie glanced at those horny students of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood and found very excited expressions on their faces.

At this time, no one opened their mouth. Miss Daina looked around and continued, “When a sperm from a man combines with the egg from a woman, it could create a living being. Each sperm contains the great miracle of life that’s waiting to enter the world. Have you ever thought about the rule behind it? Each sperm contains huge amounts of life energy. A mature female could only produce one egg a month, while an adult male could produce hundreds of millions of sperms a day— this means hundreds of millions of life miracles! Do you know how powerful these sperms are? This is something you’d never know and neither would I. The only thing that I know is in the ancient East, Qi cultivators treated the life energy from their sperm as treasures that could make them stronger and allow them to live longer. Besides giving birth to kids, they would never let their sperms flow out for no reason. Another thing that wastes our energy is having too many thoughts in our minds, which consumes a large amount of spiritual energy over time. However, in this age, there are powerful cultivators and fighters who use this large amount of life energy and spiritual energy to ignite their burning points, breaking through cultivation realms one by one solely depending on their self-discipline and mysterious cultivation techniques before finally becoming revered fighters and powerful individuals who can safeguard humanity. If you want to become a powerful person, you have to learn how to prevent your body energy from escaping...” Seeing the students who were thinking over her words in the classroom, Miss Daina showed a pleasant smile. “Do you want to know my dream?”

With their mouths gaping, the horny students stared at Miss Daina. Zhang Tie’s eyes also shone in anticipation, not knowing what she would say...

Under their anticipating looks, Miss Daina spoke a paragraph that changed all their views and their outlooks on life and the world.

“My dream is for one of my students to become a powerful fighter or a powerful person who could protect humanity. At that time, I will dress nicely and get married to him. Unfortunately, I have not encountered the right person yet. That’s why, I beg you to make a promise with me…” The mature and seducing smile on her face and her glittering, beautiful eyes made them all gape. They gazed at Miss Daina, who was genuinely beautiful, and said nothing. Unexpectedly, she had said something so surprising.

“The promise between you and I is: marry me when you are strong enough to protect me.”

Marry me…

Marry me…

Marry me…

These words reverberated within all of their minds and shocked them all. They couldn’t believe what they had just heard. The classroom instantly became bustling…

“Do you agree to make such a promise with me?”

“I do!” the horny students shouted at the same time, causing the windows to almost shatter into pieces.

“Well, then it’s a promise. You are tough guys now, but females have limited youth and it’s impossible for me to wait for my whole life. That’s why, for our promise, if any one of you can become a Bloody-Scorpion Fighter before the age of 20, then I will marry him!”

“Good!”

At this moment, they could not understand of the lie called love, which could weave the most beautiful bliss and expectation of the world, becoming the largest driving force for a person to mature. Right then, all the horny students stared at Miss Daina with red eyes, sucking in a deep breath. The only thing they could feel was the blood rushing to their p*nis and their head simultaneously.

Zhang Tie also became excited at this moment as a sentence reverberated within his mind — become a Bloody-Scorpion Fighter by the age of 20...



* * *





Chapter 34




Like the other horny students, Zhang Tie was also unable to control himself for the duration of the afternoon. For all the undergraduates, this biology class had become unforgettable. Some among them still couldn’t believe that they had made such a promise with Miss Daina. They would never have imagined that they would have a chance to marry Miss Daina one day!

Even though the chance was slim, it was still enough for all the horny students to unexpectedly burst forth with high morale. The excitement of the students that afternoon greatly shocked the coach.

However, for the duration of the afternoon and even after he had returned from Donder’s grocery store, Zhang Tie kept on thinking about two things.

The first thing was the Leakless Fruit. According to Miss Daina, the human body lost a huge amount of energy every day through urine, masturbation, sweat, and even from undigested food. Nobody could tell how much energy they contained. After thinking for a long time, Zhang Tie realized that since last week, he had not had a wet dream for five consecutive days. Usually, he would have at least three wet dreams a week. Does this mean that the life energy from the thousands of millions of sperm was absorbed by the Leakless Fruit? Neither Zhang Tie nor Miss Daina knew how much energy was contained within those sperm. The only thing she had said about this topic was that in the ancient East, there was an ancient, mysterious cultivation system that described some Qi cultivators who converted tangible sperm into powerful, intangible life energy — “Qi”. This seemed to be related to the huge amount of life energy produced by the reproductive system. However, this was only one source for the Leakless Fruit. Zhang Tie recalled that his urine was much cleaner than before. Besides that, he now had a good appetite and sweated less than before when doing exercise. Were these the benefits of the Leakless Fruit?

Miss Daina mentioned that these were simply just tangible energy loss, while there was also more invisible energy loss. For example, our body was constantly releasing energy over time. Before the Catastrophe, human beings had already discovered the magnetic field and the brilliant rays circling our bodies as well as an energy called electricity that was produced in the human body every second. In contrast, the source of the most energy loss was something that could not be seen with the eye — having numerous, ever-changing disorderly opinions and thoughts. This was also known as human spiritual and mental movements. Some of those tangible spiritual and mental movements were called evidence consciousness, while the intangible movements were called sub-consciousness or over-consciousness. Miss Daina had mentioned that mental and spiritual energy was wasted during dreams or disorderly and blind conjectures. This reminded Zhang Tie that he had slept really well for the past couple of days. He was clear-minded each morning. Was the leaking mental energy absorbed and converted by the Leakless fruit?

Then what miraculous functions would the Leakless Fruit have after it absorbed all the tangible and intangible energy that leaked from his body for a whole week?

This made Zhang Tie become more expectant towards the Leakless Fruit that would be ripe within three days. Zhang Tie still couldn’t figure out what “Leakless” meant. No matter what it meant, he thought that there was nothing greater than the badge of a Bloody-Scorpion Fighter.

The second thing that Zhang Tie thought about for the entire afternoon was how he could become a Bloody-Scorpion Fighter before the age of 20. This way, he would become strong and would be able to protect and marry Miss Daina. However, at the moment, Zhang Tie was not able to see even the slightest bit of chance for this to happen.

Bloody-Scorpion Fighter — Among the 5 classes of fighters, a Bloody-Scorpion Fighter was a LV 9 professional fighter that belonged to the 4th class and was authorized by the Continental Fighters Union. A Bloody-Scorpion Fighter would have ignited 34 burning points on their backbone and would have high-end fighting force that could only be awed by many people in the rest of their lives. They were even an existence that was even more powerful than the one-eyed Captain Kerlin. A 20-year old Bloody-Scorpion Fighter — what a dazzling great existence! If it wasn’t that, who else could match with Goddess Miss Daina?

As for the poor boy who had not even ignited his Shrine burning point, how could he become a Bloody-Scorpion Fighter, which required 8 consecutive increase in ranks, within 5 years? This was his only chance to garner the favor of Miss Daina. This was not possible unless he was a genius...

But as he had the Castle of Black Iron and the marvelous tree, he became determined to fight for Miss Daina...

Thinking of Miss Daina’s promise, Zhang’s heart began to thump.

On the way back from Donder’s grocery store, watching the road lamps being ignited one by one, the 15-year old boy had a stern expression. He started to envision the goal that he had never dreamt of before — to become a powerful fighter with an image of Bloody-Scorpion on his back before the age of 20.

Gulugulu… His belly started to growled once again. “I’m more like a foodie now,” Zhang Tie muttered to himself as he began running home…

When he arrived at home, Zhang Tie found the gate unlocked and was even half opened. “Is there a thief?” Zhang Tie’s heart started pounding. He slightly pushed open the gate and walked in quietly. Clasping onto a wooden stick that was previously hidden, he moved closer towards the entrance. Before he entered, he heard a strange voice

“I only have one daughter at the age of 20, and now she’s pregnant because of your son. She no longer has any face to live. How can she get married anymore? Today, I brought her here for you to bring her into your Zhang family. If you don’t admit that the baby in her belly belongs to your Zhang family, then I’ll beat her to death. If you admit it, you’ll have to tell this news to the neighborhood...” The voice was full of fury. At that moment, Zhang Tie heard a “pa” sound and the curses of that man, “I will beat you to death, you son of b*tch…”

A woman’s cry drifted from inside. The moment Zhang Tie entered, he found the door curtain pushed aside and Boss Wang from the tailor store and his wife walked out. Boss Wang looked really infuriated when he saw Zhang Tie. Zhang Tie instantly hid his wooden stick behind him and forced a smile. “Boss Wang, don’t leave so fast. Have a seat...”

“Humph, all of you Zhangs are scumbags!” The man left furiously as he hit the gate. His wife glanced over Zhang Tie carefully and followed him away with a deep sigh. Seeing them leave, Zhang Tie closed the gate and hid the wooden stick again. He then pretended to cough and walked into the guesthouse…

There were three people inside the guesthouse. Zhang Tie’s dad was smoking with a frown. The smell of the poor quality tobacco spread everywhere. In normal circumstances, Zhang Tie’s mom would definitely scold him; however, his mom was comforting a crying woman, whose head was lowered as she cried. Seeing this woman, Zhang Tie remembered the sound of “papapa” from his elder brother’s room in the recent couple of months. Then he understood everything. Dad and mom also knew what had happened.

“Unexpectedly, my dashing elder brother stirred up some trouble now, heh… heh…”

“Your supper is in the pot. Go eat it now!” Seeing Zhang Tie come back, his mom raised her head reluctantly. She then continued to comfort that girl.

Dad also peered at Zhang Tie. Zhang Tie knew what to do. “You guys continue. I’ll go eat supper!” Then he ran into the kitchen and took out the food from the pot. Although the food was simple, it was made by his mom and smelled fragrant, thus Zhang Tie engulfed it all very soon.

After eating, Zhang Tie washed the bowls and chopsticks and cleaned the kitchen to gain another point of merit value. Thinking about it happily, Zhang Tie saw his dad come over. It seemed that his dad and mom had already made the decision.

“Zhang Tie, come here. I need to talk with you…”

“What’s up, dad!”

“Your elder brother, that bastard, he slept with that girl and made her pregnant” Zhang Tie’s dad felt really felt reluctant when he mention that.

“Does this mean I have a sister in law now!?” Zhang Tie asked with a grimace.

“Quiet!” Zhang Tie’s dad stared at him with eyes widely opened and flicked Zhang Tie’s head with his fingers which made Zhang Tie spring up from the pain. “Above all, your elder brother is not at home at the moment, so that girl will live in your elder brother’s room. Be polite and call her sister when you see her. Am I clear? Don’t let her feel uncomfortable…”

“Uncomfortable with what? She has already entered my elder brother’s room more than once already...” Zhang Tie touched his head as if he was being wronged and muttered.

“What?” Zhang Tie’s dad widely opened his eyes once again.

Zhang Tie hurriedly made a wry smile. “It’s nothing. When I think about how you’re going to be a grandpa, I’m really happy for you!”

Before his dad had a chance to kick his butt, Zhang Tie had long run away. Zhang Tie had already thought it through while he was eating just now. According to his dad and mom’s temperaments, they would never force her to have an abortion. To have an abortion would be a huge problem. Additionally, she was innocent and although she wasn’t beautiful, she wasn’t ugly either. They lived on the same street and almost grew up together under the watchful eyes of mom and dad. No other girl could be her match. The fault lied with his elder brother, who was too rushed and did not make sufficient preparations.

When his elder brother returned, the two families would discuss the marriage between the two. Additionally, when Zhang Tie mentioned that his dad was going to be a grandpa, although he looked furious, he couldn’t conceal his excitement.

Zhang Tie didn’t think of it too much. After supper, he washed his feet and brushed his teeth. Afterward, he went to the guesthouse to say goodnight to his mom and his sister-in-law before returning to his own room.

In his own room, Zhang Tie sat on the bed and started to practice in accordance to Mental Arithmetic by Abacus. Through a couple days of studying, he had noticed that cultivation became more effective by visualizing in accordance with Mental Arithmetic by Abacus before and after cultivation. If he practiced visualizing in accordance with Mental Arithmetic by Abacus before igniting his Shrine burning point, his spiritual energy would be slightly more condensed. If he visualized the golden abacus after cultivating and igniting the Shrine burning point, he could recover much faster. Zhang Tie felt like he has already learned the mysterious functions of Mental Arithmetic by Abacus.

Through a couple days of cultivation, Zhang Tie found it to be easier to enter meditation before, as it took less time now.

In the past, it would take him more than two hours to enter meditation since he felt distracted. In recent days, he would instantly enter meditation the moment he sat down and closed his eyes. He was always clear-minded now. Being “polished” by the pure spiritual energy, the Shrine burning point over the navel radiated an increasingly bright indigo flame and responded more easily to the crystal. It seemed that in a couple of months, the flame would become completely blue and would help him reach a higher level. Was all of this the result of the Leakless Fruit? Zhang Tie was not certain about it. No matter what, these were good changes. What made Zhang Tie uncomfortable was the piece of crystal that he used to cultivate. Gradually, it was unable to provide enough energy for him to cultivate. This made Zhang Tie dejected like a thirsty person who moved his mouth in front of the water faucet but found that the size of the tap was as small as a needle. The amount of water that trickled down did not meet his demand. This was rightly what the poor people faced. If Zhang Tie owned a pyramid-based crystal, he believed that his Shrine burning point would already be radiating purple flames.

After almost two hours of cultivation, Zhang Tie stood up from the bed and slightly moved his numb legs. Heaving a deep sigh, he placed the white crystal back into the crystal sand by the windowsill, so as to refill the energy. After peering over the pitch dark street which was not matched with roadside lamps, in order to ensure that nobody outside was peering in, he closed up the window again.

“What’s elder brother doing now?” Zhang Tie suddenly wondered.

Before he fell asleep, Zhang Tie entered the Castle of Black Iron as usual.

——Eyes closed… Lock… Enter

It felt much easier to enter…

Opening his eyes, Zhang Tie found himself already inside.

——Handsome and Magnificent Lord, welcome to the Castle of Black Iron!

Zhang Tie casually touched the basic attributes panel.

——Castle of Black Iron

——Length: 1 Krosa

——Width: 1 Krosa

——Aura value: 7.3

——Merit value: 52

——Basic energy storage: 0.5

——Special output: void

As expected, he gained 5 more merit value points; 2 at home and 3 at school. However, the growth of spiritual energy really surprised Zhang Tie. After closing the attributes panel, Zhang Tie went to his field. Squatting down, he checked his plants carefully.

Surprisingly, he found rows of stubborn, fresh sprouts coming out of the niblets’ land.

“The niblets have already sprouted.” Zhang Tie instantly became excited. They sprouted three days earlier than Zhang Tie anticipated. “It seems that the soil here is suitable for the growth of plants,” Zhang Tie muttered. Thinking of the increasing price of food, Zhang Tie glanced over the vacant Castle of Black Iron that spanned almost 1,000 mu1 of land. He instantly thought of a crazy idea, “Will I become rich if I plant more than 100 mu of grains and fruits here in the Castle of Black Iron…”

1 mu is equal to 666.666 m2



* * *





Chapter 35




Since he was young, Zhang Tie has always lived a simple and boring life that consisted only of going to school and working at Donder’s grocery store. After school on Wednesday, he arrived at the Iron Thorns Fighting Club on Bright Avenue once again. For Zhang Tie, this fighting club has greatly changed his life. Through the part-time jobs at Donder’s grocery store and the Iron Thorns Fighting Club, Zhang Tie could meet numerous people. Some people would have been driven mad by such a mechanical lifestyle, while Zhang Tie simply found it boring. He had already known since he was young that there were only a few people who had the power to choose their own lifestyle. Both of Zhang Tie’s parents were commoners in Blackhot City, thus he was born with no such power. In any age, only a few people could live an easy and cool life with activities like riding battle horses, fighting on the battlefields, hugging beauties, and drinking alcohol. Most people could only do regular jobs before retiring, much like those defective objects on the assembly lines that would be abandoned when sent off. Most people didn’t even have the time to explore and travel the world at all.

The Seventh National Middle School in Blackhot City was undoubtedly an assembly line in a workshop where most of the products would be delivered to the army, factories, and farms before being abandoned. If there were no accidents, Zhang Tie might also follow this routine. In the past couple of days, Zhang Tie found himself much more clear-minded than before. He would think about many topics that he would never have thought of or considered before. Refusing to become a bad-quality product that could not choose its own destiny on the assembly line, Barley and the others formed the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, Glaze strove to be a LV 2 fighter since a young age, and numerous people put on the uniforms of pioneers and strove for an uncertain future at the cost of their own lives. In batches, they would step into that unknown black region and never return…

When he arrived at Bright Avenue, he recalled the following image: an old man in a pioneer uniform with pure white hair and a beard buying something in a grocery store. He then sat outside the gate of the grocery store and leaned against the wall on the other side of the street. With a broken sword in hand, he smiled, drunk alcohol, and watched the sunset. After a short rest, he stood up, tightened his waist belt, and walked towards the railway station. From then on, Zhang Tie never saw him again...

Zhang Tie was deeply impressed by the stark contrast between the old man’s peaceful smile and his situation. Zhang Tie could not fully understand why he smiled when he sat on the roadside ground as he drank the poor quality alcohol and watched the sunset. But that smile on his time-honored face always appeared in Zhang Tie’s memory. At this moment, Zhang Tie gradually understood what the time-honored smile meant. His face displayed pride and gave off a message — I have tried to live my own way!

Everyone in this age was working hard. Some worked hard to become a superior product on the assembly line in hopes to gain higher compensation. Some worked hard to jump out from the assembly line regardless of whether they would lose their life in the process. While others worked hard to become an owner of the assembly line. And those who owned one assembly line wanted to own more!

When he was in Bright Avenue last time, everything on the street made Zhang Tie dwarfed and uncomfortable; however, when he was in Bright Avenue at this moment, seeing everything on the magnificent Avenue, Zhang Tie suddenly realized that the “uncomfortable” feeling was simply the natural fear and lack of confidence that an unfinished product felt when it saw its owner and the manager of the assembly line. This was the game rule in the Blackhot City: before you are able to rid yourself of your ordinary status as an unfinished product in the eyes of others, everything on this street would make you breathless.

“It seems that I am changing from an ordinary unfinished product to a good unfinished product! Ho… Ho… unfinished product? Motherf*cker, I should not take myself as an unfinished product! Mom would never agree on this. In her eyes, I am her most precious baby! In this world, when it comes to their opinions of me, I will solely pay attention to the opinions of three or four people and will ignore the evaluations of other people! Others’ opinions have nothing to do with me, and I will never pretend to be an unfinished product that was meant to make the lives of others easier!

When he recalled that he insisted for his mom to stop calling him “baby” two years ago and to call him another nickname like “Guoguo” instead, a smile appeared on Zhang Tie’s face. Then, he strode forward with candid and confident steps on Bright Avenue and arrived at Avenue Bright No.18, the place where the Iron Thorns Fighting Club was located.

The four guards outside the gate glanced over Zhang Tie and let him enter directly. Zhang Tie stared at their glittering full-body armors admirably. They owned a surprising defensive force. Being similar to the full-body armor worn by the average heavy-armored pikemen, the entire set of armor weighed more than 70 kgs. It looked magnificent and powerful. Those who could move freely in such armor were at least LV 5. For them to arrange four fighters above LV 5 on both sides of the gate, the Iron Thorns Fighting Club was terrifyingly powerful.

Entering the gate and detouring the fountain, Zhang Tie arrived at the reception desk once again. Zhang Tie also finally understood why Mary praised him as “ambitious” last time. A woman who wanted to jump out of the assembly line by depending on her external qualities, beautiful appearances for example, naturally didn’t want to be related to a guy who seemed to have no bright future. Thinking about what happened last time, Zhang Tie felt like he acted like a rogue and had overreacted.

The moment he felt sorry for her, Zhang Tie saw the row of featured beauties once again. Unlike last time when he was soon ignored by them, when he entered this time, Zhang Tie found that all of them were glaring at him, 80% in contempt and the remaining 20% in curiosity. He could easily identify their contempt as they sharply gazed at Zhang Tie, much like a true swan having seen an “ambitious” toad. Those who glared at him with contempt proudly turned away their heads, raised their heads, and didn’t look at Zhang Tie again, while those who were curious kept gazing at him with a faint smile.

Mary was not here? Zhang Tie glanced over the beauties behind the reception desk and hurriedly put his right hand into the pocket to press down on that relentless p*nis. The beauties were wearing uniforms that consisted of a tight sleeveless shirt with a low-opening collar and a loose pair of sporting trousers. Glancing over them, Zhang Tie saw all the white skin and plump breasts, causing him to almost have a nosebleed.

As nobody greeted him, Zhang Tie also didn’t want to cause trouble, so he passed the reception desk. Several steps later, Zhang Tie heard discussions behind him.

“He’s just a kid. It couldn’t have been that bad!”

“You cannot judge people by their appearance. Kids these days mature early. Mary said this guy was really disgusting and even more excessive than those guests. He wanted to molest Mary the first time he saw her. Besides, he even did obscene movements to us!”

“Really? But he doesn’t look like the type of person!”

“Is your heart pounding? You can go give him a try!”

Then their laughter drifted towards Zhang Tie…

“F*ck!” Zhang Tie knew that his good image had been fully destroyed among them.

This was his second time here. Naturally, Zhang Tie didn’t need to report to Manager Hance’s office; instead, he just needed to report to Director Beck, who was the one he had met in Manager Hance’s office. His main responsibility was to take charge in greeting the LV 1 guests in the Fighting Club. In other words, he in charge of serving those rich and powerful kids. As the flesh-bag of those kids, Zhang Tie was naturally managed by him. Director Beck always spoke too many words, which might be attributed to his occupational disease. Sometimes, he would unconsciously repeat what he had said already for several times.

Seeing Zhang Tie come to report to him, Director Beck was very happy. He then murmured to Zhang Tie in his narrow office for more than half an hour. He told Zhang Tie about what he should pay attention to, such as where he could go and where he couldn’t, etiquettes towards guests, and some rules that he should remember as a “training partner”. Although they were all simple and trivial things, Director Beck unconsciously repeated them twice.

Half an hour later, noticing Director Beck couldn’t control himself and started to repeat them for the third time, Zhang Tie felt the blood rush to his head and hurriedly opened his mouth to stop him.

“Well, Director, I’ve remembered everything you have said. Should I go take a bath and put on my uniform now to wait for the guests in the rest area?”

“Oh…” Looking at the clock that hung in the office, Director Beck opened a drawer and threw a key with a number plate to Zhang Tie “This is the key to your locker. Put your personal belongings inside. You have two uniforms change — the clean set will be worn when you arrive each time, while the dirty set can be handed over to the reception desk where someone will wash it for you. We will provide a new pair of socks for you every week. These are your benefits! Work hard, young man!”



* * *





Chapter 36




Using the memory of the paths of the fighting club, Zhang Tie took the key and entered the dressing room. As he was somewhat lost when he was here last time, he didn’t clearly see the size of the fighting club. This time, he realized that the fighting club was really huge.

The sixth floor of the fighting club was more than 200m in length, and more than half of this floor was reserved for LV 1 guests. The sixth floor was mostly occupied by a public training field, which included various equipment and instruments that Zhang Tie had never seen before, as well as two standard speed testing tracks. Aside from the resting areas and the dressing rooms, the public training field was the only place where workers could stay. What Captain Kerlin had said was not out of reason. If Zhang Tie could train here when he was free, he could definitely improve his strength and physique greatly. Compared to this training field, the training field at school was like a rural field being used to dry fresh millets. Seeing those training equipment for the first time, Zhang Tie almost began to drool. Those training equipment could definitely strengthen each and every one of his muscles. In truth, given enough time, Zhang Tie was fully confident that they could make him as masculine as a sculpture and strengthen his physical traits greatly.

Aside from the public training field, there were also some independent training rooms. Director Beck had said those training rooms were matched with more advanced training equipment and were only available to guests, causing Zhang Tie to be extremely curious about the special equipment.

Zhang Tie could only use the independent staff staircases and paths from the first floor to the sixth floor, while the guests and VIPs were qualified to take the elevators, something which Zhang Tie had never seen before. Although there was no electricity in this age, that traffic tool invented by humans before the Catastrophe was still preserved. However, the driving force of elevators became steam engines and turbines that were built within the building. Additionally, each elevator was matched with a professional looking worker who wore a uniform.

From the first floor to the sixth, although sound-insulation partitions were installed, Zhang Tie could still hear the loud crashes and cries from the rooms on each floor. Some of the sounds seemed to have originated from underground, giving off a feeling that was akin to rolling thunder to those above ground. As a result, the entire staircase hummed...

The sixth floor was for LV 1 guests, the fifth floor was for LV 2 guests, and the fourth floor was for LV 3 guests. Previously, Zhang Tie didn’t understand why they were arranged in this manner. When he went upstairs, he suddenly realized that the higher the level of the guests, the more powerful and destructive the training would be; therefore, they had to arrange the high-level guests on the lower floors in order to reduce the damage to the building. The training fields for guests above LV 5 were on the ground; however, Zhang Tie was not qualified to know what was installed inside those training fields.

Zhang Tie went to his locker, locker No. 613. The dressing room was linked to the bathroom, which was one of the benefits of the Fighting Club. At the very least, Zhang Tie could take a bath in the luxurious bathroom. This place would be very nice if he wasn’t here solely to be beaten.

Entering the dressing room, Zhang Tie found no one else but a muscular man sitting on the bench. The muscular man was trying to apply something to the obvious wounds on his back. Feeling that this man seemed somewhat familiar, Zhang Tie recalled that it was the man who had woken him up when he had passed out last time.

Seeing Zhang Tie, the manly guy grinned and smiled simply. Raising a brown vial, he said, “Hey boy, so it’s you. Come help me out!”

Zhang Tie walked over and took the vial from the man’s hand; it smelt like a medicinal liquor. He didn’t know what it was made of, but he knew that it was used to speed up the healing of wounds, thus Zhang Tie rubbed his hands for a while and put some of the medicinal liquor on one palm. He then evenly applied it onto the wounds.

“I almost forgot, you woke up me up last time. Really, thank you!” Zhang Tie said as he applied the medicinal liquor onto the man’s back.

“It’s no problem! I’m Anuo, what’s your name?”

“Zhang Tie!”

“Chinese clan?”

“Yea!”

“You people from the Chinese clan aren’t physically strong. I’ve rarely seen a Chinese training partner here!”

“That’s bullsh*t. I will keep getting stronger!” Zhang Tie replied stubbornly.

“What a tough boy!” the manly guy muttered.

After he finished applying the medicinal liquor, Zhang Tie covered the vial and gave it back to the manly guy. The man took the vial, stood up, and prepared to wear clothes. All of a sudden, he shot out a powerful punch toward Zhang Tie. Before Zhang Tie was able to respond, the fist had already arrived in front of Zhang Tie’s face. The fine hair on his face could even feel a strong gust. The moment Zhang Tie thought that his head would be broken like a watermelon, the fist stopped 1 cm away from his face. Zhang Tie’s face turned pale.

The manly guy didn’t care for Zhang Tie’s response. He simply shook his head and made three movements in front of Zhang Tie. “As a training partner, you should remember three basic movements. Firstly, when you lower your head, you should protect your head with your arms. Never expose your head to your opponent. You should respond to it unconsciously…” The manly guy demonstrated the movement twice.

“Secondly, although it is not allowed in the fighting club, if your opponent attacked your lower body, you should lift your right leg…” The manly guy patted his strong right leg. “You should never put the center of gravity of your body under your feet. That would make you react slowly; instead, you should do this...” The tough guy quickly raised his right leg and leaned to his side. “This way, your opponent’s instinctive attacks will land on the muscles of your thigh and butt, which can afford to take a hit!”

“Thirdly…” The tough guy bent his body. “Make your back naturally bent to tighten the muscles. A bent back and tightened muscles can form a natural arch which can let your back stand powerful attack. This will protect your bones and guts. If you cannot avoid your opponent’s attack, you should use the places on your body that can take a beating to absorb the opponent’s attack. For example, your shoulders, back, chest… Am I clear, boy?”

Zhang Tie was shocked by Anuo’s patience. He nodded and was slightly moved. He didn’t know what to say while Anuo simply smiled. He patted Zhang Tie’s shoulders. “I’m expecting you to become powerful!” He then put on his clothes and left.

Zhang Tie repeated those movements several times alone in the dressing room and slightly nodded. Then he opened his locker. There were two sets of uniforms, a clean towel, and a pair of clean socks. He instantly removed his clothes and brought the towel into the bathroom to take a comfortable hot water bath. The moment he wore his uniform and his socks, a worker came in to inform him to make preparations to serve the guest in Room No.4.

Near the dressing room was a professional equipment room. The moment Zhang Tie entered, two workers helped him put on a set of protective equipment.

“Boy, don’t get knocked out this time; otherwise, we’d have to carry you back!” the man said with a smile of contempt as he helped Zhang Tie put on the complex equipment. After he finished, he patted Zhang Tie’s back twice, implying that Zhang Tie could leave.

“Do you think he’ll be knocked out this time?”

“I bet he will pass out within 10 minutes for 20 copper coins!”

“I bet he will pass out within 5 minutes!”

“Ok, that’s the deal!”

Hearing the two bastards sneering at him, Zhang Tie gritted his teeth and decided to not pass out this time.

Entering Room No.4 like last time, Zhang Tie waited there for less than 3 minutes before the door was pushed open. Entering together with an arrogant 12-year-old kid was Mary. Seeing the cold smile on Mary’s face, Zhang Tie cried out inwardly. How could she be so narrow-minded!?

The kid arrogantly glared at Zhang Tie. “Mary, is he the scumbag you told me about?”

“That’s him!” The goddamned Mary nodded.

“If I knock him out, you will?” saying this, the arrogant kid gazed at Mary’s plump breasts and swallowed saliva with difficulty.

Mary said nothing. She simply bent her body and showed a lecherous smile. Stretching out her tongue, she licked one of the kid’s ear and murmured something as the kid began to laugh in high spirits.

Zhang Tie coldly stared at the two. Within the depths of his heart, an uncomfortable appeared when he saw Mary’s lecherous smile and the arrogant kid. He didn’t know if it was because of fury or desire.

“I am Zhang Tie. It’s my pleasure to serve you!” Zhang Tie clasped his fist and greeted the kid monotonously in accordance to Director Beck’s instructions. Meanwhile, he coldly glanced at Mary, who was staring at him pleasantly on the side.

Under the thick head protector, others could only see the pair of black eyes and the row of holes for breathing. Seeing Zhang Tie turning back as he stared at her, Mary felt savageness and a coldness that was akin to ice through that head protector. Her heart started to pound and her smile instantly froze.

“If you are smart enough, you should kneel down in front of Mary, apologize to her, and slam your face ten times. If you do that, I will let you go. I won’t beat you up too fiercely!” pretending to be a man, the kid shouted.

F*ck! How could these rich kids be so disgusting!? Zhang Tie said nothing. He only bent one finger towards this kid in contempt as if he was calling a puppy or a pet. “Come on, baby!”

“I will kill you!” In a split second, the kid charged toward Zhang Tie and launched an extremely sharp kick toward Zhang Tie’s stomach...



* * *





Chapter 37




It was an extremely fierce kick. However, Zhang Tie had long been prepared and instantly avoided it by leaning his body. As a result, the kick didn’t hit him. Before he had time to rejoice, Zhang Tie noticed a punch rushing towards his chest. At this moment, Zhang Tie intended to test the kid’s strength by grabbing onto his arm. A muffled sound was heard from the armored arm of Zhang Tie. He felt a strong impact on his arm, causing his arm to become numb. Being forced to take a few steps back, Zhang Tie was surprised at the strength contained within that punch. It almost matched his own strength. Zhang Tie never realized that this kid, who was two years younger than him, was so powerful. Given the strength of that punch, Zhang Tie knew that the kid was slightly more powerful than him and was slightly weaker than Bagdad.

Even then, fighting him alone, Zhang Tie was not afraid of him in the least. After all, he was a couple of years older than this kid, meaning that he at least held the advantage in height and weight. However, if he could only be beaten and not retaliate, then the result would be obvious.

Although the thick armor uniform could lessen the impacts from his enemy’s attacks, it also affected Zhang Tie’s agility. Several fighting moves later, Zhang Tie’s response was delayed by the uniform, and as a result, the kid took this opportunity and directly kicked Zhang Tie in the chest, sending Zhang Tie through the air before landing on the ground.

Zhang Tie felt dazed and suffocated. Panting, he picked himself up from the ground after quite a while. At the same time, Zhang Tie saw Mary wiping the sweat off the kid with a towel and kissing his face while the kid still displayed an arrogant face as he drank water and glared at Zhang Tie in contempt.

“I thought you would be powerful, but you’re just trash!”

Zhang Tie felt like he would lose face if he argued with such an innocent kid. Should I tell you that I’m only here to be beaten to ripen the Iron Body Fruit? You’re actually here to serve me. Hah, what a nice feeling…

“Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree, I love you!” Zhang Tie shouted inwardly…

Under the head protector, Zhang Tie forced an ironical smile. As he was focused on helping the Iron Body Fruit ripen, he didn’t care about being beaten at all. After standing up, Zhang Tie slightly moved his limbs and took a few deep breaths. Besides the pain from his chest, everything else felt fine. Once again, he bent his index finger towards that kid.

“Come on, baby!”

……

The anger on the kid’s face flashed instantly. He put down the bottle of water and rushed towards Zhang Tie once again. Seven or eight minutes later, Zhang Tie was sent flying by a leg-sweep and fell onto the ground miserably. It took him half a minute to pick himself back up. At this moment, the kid was already panting.

“Come on, baby!”

More than twenty minutes later, the kid broke Zhang Tie’s guard and seized the opportunity to quickly throw out four or five consecutive punches towards Zhang Tie’s chest. As a result, Zhang Tie was hit and was forced five steps back. Soon after, the kid shouted as he elbowed Zhang Tie’s stomach using a bow step[1]. Zhang Tie directly felt blood rushing to his neck, and the vessels around his neck were painful and swollen. Aside from this, his eyes were dazed

As his stomach was soft, Zhang Tie wasn’t sent flying; however, he felt as if he was stepping on a marshmallow and had to kneel down. At the same time, Zhang Tie felt a gust blowing over his ear. In a split second, he used what Anuo taught him and instinctively used his arms to protect his head.

“Bang!” The moment Zhang Tie responded, a muffled sound reverberated. At the same time, Zhang Tie felt a powerful kick and instantly fell onto the ground. He rolled several times on the ground before stopping two meters away, losing the power to move.

Once again, Zhang Tie saw the kid heavily panting and sweating all over. He was staring at Zhang Tie, who was lying on the ground. A fight like this meant a huge physical exhaustion to both the attacker and the defender.

In the Iron Thorns Fighting Club, there were only a few training partners who fully worked as flesh-bags like Zhang Tie. As training partners, besides being beaten, they were sometimes here to assist the members improve their fighting techniques. Additionally, training partners could exchange their experiences with one another. In fact, a senior training partner was a mentor who could help guests of the club improve themselves. During training, training partners could find the mistakes of the opponent, like the weaknesses of his attacks, wasted movements, problems in attack rhythms, and possible defects that might arise from mental preferences. The guests were able to benefit from these experiences and improve their fighting techniques. Golden training partners usually got along well with the experts of the fighting club and were one of the most important figures in the fighting club. As Zhang Tie was new here, he was not eligible to meet the top figures in this industry. Moreover, the opponent today was invited by a woman who was specifically here to give him trouble. Naturally, he would not show sympathy. As a result, the fight today was a little bit harder… If it was not Zhang Tie but someone else, they would have long been defeated. Even if they weren’t defeated, they would still feel the obvious frustration and hopelessness that came after being beaten repeatedly by a kid.

However, lying on the ground, Zhang Tie was not thinking about that; instead, he was thinking about the kid’s kick. After recovering his composure, Zhang Tie realized that he should not have covered his head with his arms to prevent from that kick, but rather he should have withstood it with his shoulders or his back, which were the places on the human body that could take the most beating. When met with an unavoidable attack, you have two choices — the positive choice was to hide or to defend, while the negative choice was to intercept the attack. With a different choice, you would face a different result. However, hiding and defending were the natural instincts of human beings. Without experience or training hard, it was impossible to alter this natural instinct in front of a life or death situation.

Thinking it through, Zhang Tie slowly picked himself up. “I have benefitted from those kicks. The Iron Body Fruit in the Castle of Black Iron should be ripe soon! Haha, I really can’t wait for it. Come on! More kicks! You are working for me, but I will not pay you! I’m not mistreating him like what a boss did to a child laborer. Haha…

Different perspectives on an event may lead to completely different feelings, which would cause different attitudes and bring different results, forming different fates. At this moment, due to the existence of that small tree, Zhang Tie had a stronger mental fortitude than others, who would normally be afraid of those terrifying attacks. Though, at this moment, Zhang Tie had yet to realize this.

Zhang Tie felt like he could derive pleasure from watching others work until they’re tired. Like an immortal spring in the desert, this job made him energetic, rather than feeling pessimistic and frustrated.

After Zhang Tie recovered his strength, Zhang Tie slowly picked himself up. Twisting his neck and body, Zhang Tie bent his index finger towards the kid and Mary.

“Come on, baby!”

……

Several minutes later, Zhang Tie was knocked over once again. Then he stood up again in an optimistic and absent-minded manner…

“Come on, baby!”

……

“Come on, baby!”

……

Outside the ring, Mary became increasingly frightened whenever she saw Zhang Tie constantly being knocked over and picking himself up in an absent-minded manner. It seemed that Zhang Tie was addicted to being beaten and even grew increasingly aggressive after being beaten. Besides his increasing aggression, in Mary’s eyes, Zhang Tie’s face gradually became more and more ferocious and looked much more stubborn than before.

……

Zhang Tie didn’t know how many times he had tried to pick himself up. He felt pain all over. Finally, he was no longer able to stand. He simply sat on the ground, panting for air.

As his body was sweating all over, Zhang Tie’s clothes fully stuck to his skin.His sweat had also entered his eyes, causing his eyes to become hot and blurry. Trying to wipe his sweat, Zhang Tie attempted to undo the damned head protector that almost broke his neck; however, he was unable to touch the thin string on the back of his head. At this moment, Zhang Tie even found it difficult to lift up his hand.

A bottle of water rolled towards Zhang Tie’s feet. Zhang Tie reluctantly glanced at that kid, who was also threw himself onto the ground, as his face turned slightly pale. His sweaty hair stuck onto his head. The kid was drinking a bottle of water like a fish as he looked at Zhang Tie in an indescribable manner that lacked any trace of arrogance. Behind the kid, Mary was giving him a restorative massage. She didn’t even look at Zhang Tie.

Zhang Tie then also took the glass bottle of water. He opened the glass lid and intended to have a drink; however, he realized that he had not even undone the head protector. As there were only several rows of holes for breathing over his mouth and he was already too weak to undo the head protector, he covered the glass lid cooly.

The two simply stared at each other as they gasped for air. After a while, that kid staggeringly picked himself up and recovered his arrogance. “Remember my name. Beneta, Andrew Beneta. I swear that I’ll beat you so ferociously that you won’t be able to get up next time. I won’t stop until you apologize to Mary…”

The kid then left the room with Mary. Seeing Mary’s back, Zhang Tie couldn’t help but flirt with her. “Sister Mary, don’t forget our appointment!”

Mary’s back quivered, seemingly as if she would fall down...

“Are my words that powerful?” Zhang Tie intended to scratch his head curiously but found his fingers touching the thick leather layer. “F*ck! Who invented such a head protector...”

————

Bow step — a martial skill by bending your knees to form a bow for the benefit of attacking the opponent.



* * *





Chapter 38




The impact of being beaten in the Iron Thorns Fighting Club on Wednesday slowly appeared on Thursday morning.

Yesterday, Zhang Tie casually took a comfortable, hot-water bath in the staff-only bathroom before returning home. Thankfully, there were only a few bruises on his body and none on his face. Therefore, Zhang Tie didn’t need to worry about his bruises being discovered by his dad and mom.

After supper, Zhang Tie chatted with his dad, mom, and sister-in-law for a while. After washing his feet and brushing his teeth, Zhang Tie stealthily took two sweet potatoes and a handful of soybeans to his bedroom.

Zhang Tie then naturally began his land reclamation inside the Castle of Black Iron. Beside the sprouted niblets land and the potatoes land, Zhang Tie buried the two sweet potatoes inside the soil and sowed a row of soybeans like what he had previously done with the niblets.

When those sweet potatoes sprouted, he would need to move the sprouts into separate pits like what he had done with the potatoes. This was something that was taught in school. As for the soybeans, similar to what he had done with the niblets, he simply poked holes with the steel bar and buried them into holes one by one.

The aura value in the Castle of Black Iron kept increasing and had already broken through to 13. On Wednesday, besides those sprouting niblets, Zhang Tie had found that the casually spread grass seeds had also sprouted from the ground.

Over a day was left before the first Leakless Fruit would become ripe. On the other twig of the small tree hung a tiny silver fruit. Touching the fruit, Zhang Tie found that the fruit still had a bit less than three-quarters of progress to go before it became ripe. It seemed that the fruit would almost be ripe after another four to five beatings.

Leakless Fruit… Iron Body Fruit… Heh heh heh heh…

Finishing his cultivation as usual, Zhang Tie muttered the names of the two fruits as he fell asleep...

On Thursday morning, when Zhang Tie’s biological clock passed 6:15, Zhang Tie woke up. The moment he wanted to get off the bed, his face turned pale. Dense drops of sweat appeared all over his forehead as excruciating pain could be felt all over his body. Every place where he was beaten was so painful and was almost broken, especially his two hands that were used to block kicks and punches yesterday. This phenomenon could be explained through two reasons. Firstly, this was a natural reaction from his body after suffering from external damage after a night’s worth of rest. Secondly, it seemed that he truly exercised a lot yesterday; therefore, his muscles ached and felt swollen after one night’s rest.

He sucked in a deep breath and slowly put on his clothes. During this process, whenever he made a slight movement, he would feel an indescribable pain.

Zhang Tie now understood that it was not that easy to be a training partner, and the Iron Body Fruit was also not that easily obtained.

Today, it took Zhang Tie twice as long to get to school from his home. Throughout the day, he moved sluggishly.

Arriving at the school gates, Zhang Tie saw the august, one-eyed man standing outside the school gate. With lowered heads, students walked past the school gate as far away from him as possible while he patted the iron stick on his other palm, producing a loud sound.

“Good boy, I heard you performed well yesterday. You didn’t make me lose face!” Zhang Tie did not expect that Captain Kerlin would praise him before he greeted him.

Looking bashful, Zhang Tie forced a smile. At this moment, Zhang Tie didn’t know whether he should thank or hate this one-eyed man.

Arriving at the classroom, Zhang Tie realized that the horny students weren’t discussing amongst themselves about why nobody cleaned their desks and chairs. Instead, a group of his horny classmates was hiding in a neighboring classroom this morning in hopes to see the “idiot” who arrived early each morning to clean their desks and chairs. Unfortunately, they were unable to find anyone at all, thus they became boisterous.

“Motherf*cker, I have to secretly do good deeds from now on,” Zhang Tie thought to himself. Since his horny classmates were so curious, he was no longer able to use this method to earn merit value points.

After acquiring the Castle of Black Iron, Zhang Tie didn’t want to become the center of attention at school or the classroom, as it would be quite strange for a normal student to do good deeds so passionately for no apparent reason.

Although it was difficult for people to associate what Zhang Tie did with the merit value points from the illusory land, Zhang Tie still thought it would be considered wise to be low-key.

The morning classes proceeded as usual. Perhaps due to the fact that they would leave school forever in two weeks, the teachers taught fewer theories than before; instead, they lectured about their experiences. As a result, the students would sometimes be completely immersed within their teacher’s life experiences and perceptions.

Starting next month on June 1 and ending on August 31, according to the rules held by all schools in Blackhot City, every undergraduate would have to participate in a two-month mandatory survival training. This test was a great assessment of the knowledge and abilities that the students had learned at school. As the survival training was the best test, no other test would be arranged. Consequently, those unqualified to survive in this age would be eliminated. Every year, there would be casualties among the undergraduates of Blackhot City during the survival training. Last year, five students were eliminated; four of which were dead, while the other one became a cripple. In its history, more than twenty undergraduates from the Seventh National Middle School have been eliminated during the survival training. For the horny undergraduates, the two-month survival training was seen as a coming-of-age ceremony.

It would be a coming-of-age ceremony at the cost of one’s blood — and even one’s life! This coming-of-age ceremony was without the protection of the high city walls of Blackhot City, implying that the horny students would encounter the most realistic situations in this age.

After two months of survival training, their days as students would come to an end. Following the survival training came a three-month holiday before most of them would be enlisted in the army to serve for a long term. Over their three-month holiday, before receiving the official notice of serving the army, a few talented individuals would have the chance to obtain the recommendation from school and would have the opportunity to learn in a more advanced place. They would directly become the elites of the age and would be backed by many huge powers and organizations. By this point in time, the direction of many people’s lives would have already been fixed. The period of serving in the army was equal to the time they spent in compulsory education. It was their right to accept compulsory education and their obligation to serve the army. Eight years later, when most people finished serving the army, they would realize that they are completely different than those who had a chance to accept better education.

After the four classes in the morning, those horny undergraduates rushed into cafeteria again. Like usual, when the group of students lined up to get a dining plate, Glaze’s group swaggered inside. Jumping the queue, they became the first in line after chasing away the timid and unlucky fellows at the front of the line.

Look at the way Glaze’s group acted over the past few days, Zhang Tie always asked himself, “What would I do if that unlucky moment happened to me?” Within his heart, he knew the answer. Every time at lunch, he would choose a spot near the end of the line. He would try to avoid trouble; however, for a 15-year-old adolescent, this was a really hard choice.

At lunch, Fatty Barley told Zhang Tie that he would help Zhang Tie complete another coming-of-age ceremony.

“From then on, all of us, the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, will no longer be virgins!” Hearing Barley’s great declaration, the horny brotherhood members at the table smiled obscenely.

In truth, although Zhang Tie was dreaming a day ago about his “happy life” and the “astounding love” between him and Miss Daina in the future, hearing Barley’s declaration, Zhang Tie’s heart started pounding. He gradually aspired to become a real man. After a series of images came to mind, his crotch area of his trousers finally raised up like a tent. Zhang Tie then had to admit that as a member of the horny students, he was not more sensible than the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood. However, Zhang Tie still considered his affection for Miss Daina sacred!

For the remainder of their lunch, the horny members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood started to laugh at Zhang Tie’s raised tent. However, as Zhang Tie has gotten used to these guys, he didn’t mind it. After lunch, those guys went to play cards in the classroom, while Zhang Tie entered the small woods beside the cafeteria and sat down to cultivate Mental Arithmetic by Abacus. According to the book, he had to visualize the three-column abacus in a split second in order to reach the requirements of the first level. Once he reached the first level, he would instantly be able to get the computation result of the four operations within three digits.

It was still quite a distance away from reaching the requirements of the first level described by the book. Within 15 seconds, he was only able to visualize the three-column abacus, and it took him longer than 4 seconds to compute using the four operations. When he thought of the sentence on the cover of that book — After-Class Readings for Preliminary Students — Zhang Tie felt ashamed. This seemed like an ability that was mastered by preliminary students, yet he was not able to reach the first level even after so many days of practice — so ashamed!!

At that moment, it seemed that someone wanted to make him even more ashamed. Standing in front of Zhang Tie was one of Glaze’s followers. While Zhang Tie was curious about his sudden appearance, the slightly gloomy guy threw a pile of dirty dining plates onto the patch of grass where Zhang Tie sat.

“Clean them and hand them over the cafeteria!” The guy threw the dining plates and left without even glancing at Zhang Tie It seemed as if he had never considered that the common looking student sitting against the tree would refuse his orders.

Gazing at the four messy plates, Zhang Tie scratched his head and felt dejected. There were always some hard choices that you had to make in life…



* * *





Chapter 39




During the training class in the afternoon, the sun shone fiercely. The instant the bell rang, the horny students instantly assembled into a matrix formation and waited for the orders of the coach, who would usually wave a flag as he stood on the commanding platform. However, nobody appeared on the commanding platform until two minutes later. During this period, every one of the horny students held their breaths. Then instead of the coach they were familiar with, the awesome one-eyed man appeared. The icy, cold Qi field around him frightened everyone beneath the commanding platform. Not knowing what was about to happen, they realized after seeing the black leather whip in his hand and began shivering.

As a semi-militarized school, extremely strict punishments would be meted out to students who didn’t follow the rules. Among all punishments, the least offense punishment was running dozens of laps around the playground, while in some cases they would be whipped. However, in the worst case scenario, they would be handed over to the court of Blackhot City for judgment .

Glancing at the whip in Captain Kerlin’s hand, everybody knew that someone would be ferociously whipped this time. Over the past years at school, every time the one-eyed man held a whip, some presumptuous fellow would suffer a cool public whipping.

Standing in a matrix formation under the commanding platform, Zhang Tie saw the icy expression on the one-eyed man and knew what was about to happen.

“Do you regret it?” Zhang Tie asked himself.

“F*ck!” he answered himself.

“Glaze, Sharon, Garner, and Zuhair, come out of the matrix!” Captain Kerlin shouted, causing the crowd to become bustling and shocked. Glaze? Glaze? Glaze’s group?

“This is going to be a good show!” Standing next to Zhang Tie, Fatty Barley became thrilled. He touched Zhang Tie slightly with one foot.

“Yea, we’re going to see some fun! Then some fun will fall upon me!” Zhang Tie thought to himself…

Under everyone’s watch, the group of four, headed by Glaze, moved out from the formation as their faces turned pale. The first to walk out was Sharon, the one who had thrown the plates in front of Zhang Tie. At the same time, Sharon seemed to have realized something and turned back, seemingly as if he was looking for something in the matrix formation which Zhang Tie stood. His eyes were filled with a dangerous look.

Zhang Tie simply looked at Sharon coldly. Even now, he did not regret what he had done earlier. For others, this decision might be difficult and painful; however, for Zhang Tie, it was an easy choice. Before he made the choice, he only asked himself one question — which choice would make my parents feel proud?

In response to Captain Kerlin’s call, the group of four came out from the matrix formation. The moment they stood on the platform, several law enforcement members instantly removed their leather training armor, revealing their naked upper bodies, thereby confirming everyone’s previous assumption that Captain Kerlin was here to whip them.

“Captain Kerlin, I believe I have the right to know the reason!” Glaze growled as the veins on his forehead became pronounced when his arms were held back by the two law enforcement members.

“According to Article 27, each student should clean their dining plates and hand them over to the cafeteria after lunch. Violators of this rule will suffer 2 lashings. According to Article 6, each student should not purposely damage public properties. Violators of this rule will suffer 4 lashings. Glaze, Sharon, Garner, and Zuhair didn’t hand over their dining plates to the cafeteria. They simply threw them into the small woods casually; therefore, they have violated the above two school rules, prompting my decision to give each of them 6 lashings! Am I clear?” The one-eyed man coldly stared at the group of four headed by Glaze. As a result, the group of four was shocked like being struck by lightning.

Standing in the matrix formation, Zhang Tie carefully observed their expressions. After Captain Kerlin finished whipping the Glaze’s group, Zhang Tie realized that the three from the group of four did not stare at Sharon, but rather they glanced from time to time at the matrix formation in which Zhang Tie stood. At this moment, Zhang Tie became aware that what had happened at noon was not a coincidence; instead, it was deliberately planned by this group in an attempt to embarrass him. As they were always unruly at school and would usually find some timid fellows to wash their plates before handing them back to the cafeteria after lunch, Sharon had never expected that he would be refused this time. This explains the current situation.

Once Zhang Tie came to realize this, he became depressed, as he has always tried to be low-key at school. Without knowing it, he had offended this group.

Seeing the leather whip in Captain Kerlin’s hand, the group of four turned pale. Seemingly as if he had something to add, Sharon said, “Captain Kerlin, I have something to say…”

Gazing at Sharon, who was swallowing his saliva, Captain Kerlin coldly muttered, “Go ahead!”

“After lunch, I gave our dining plates to someone else...”

“Where?”

“In the small woods next to the cafeteria!”

“How?”

“I… I placed them in front of the man!”

“In front of him? On the ground or in his hands?”

“On… On the ground!”

“Why would you place them on the ground in front of him?”

“I… I… I let him wash our plates before sending them back.” Probably due to his lack of confidence in front of Captain Kerlin, despite his usual defiant attitude, he lowered his voice.

“What did that man say?”

“Nothing… he didn’t say anything!” Sharon knew that Zhang Tie was in the nearby matrix and could show up at any moment to refute his lies in public; therefore, he dared not to tell any lies.

“What happened then?”

“Then…” Sharon gazed at Captain Kerlin dejectedly. “Then I left…”

“I know what you’re trying to say. You’re trying to say that since you threw several plates in front of him and he ignored your orders to wash the plates, he should be the one to be whipped in your place? Do you feel wronged? In your eyes, since that man refused your orders, do you feel insulted? Do you feel like he should take responsibility for what happened? If you threw your plates in front of me, does that mean I would be the man who should be whipped?” The one-eyed man’s face was emotionless; however, his words made the look on Glaze’s group worsen. They didn’t speak again.

“What a good excuse! Unfortunately, you are not powerful enough to write your bastard logic into the laws and rules of Blackhot City!” With a cold smile on his face, he added, “Therefore, you deserve the six lashings!”

……

Afterward, all the horny students in the matrix formations began to appreciate the art of punishment by the most terrifying one-eyed man in Blackhot City. In the eyes of the students, his lashings were always the cruelest and most horrible punishment available in the Seventh National Middle School in Blackhot City. He wouldn’t use too much strength until his final lashing; although it would hurt greatly, it would not wound the veins, bones, or innards. Today, all the other horny students heard 24 screams and, like eating a popsicle, felt refreshed about what had happened. Then the group of four led by Glaze was carried away from the playground by the law enforcement members of the school under the glare of the public. Unfortunately, they had passed out.

“That was motherf*cking cool!” After being oppressed by the group of four led by Glaze for so long, this was what all the horny undergraduates thought.

Although Zhang Tie still felt pain all over, after the morning break, he gritted his teeth as he finished the afternoon training.

This afternoon, there were no battle cries heard from the training ground. Compared to before, all the horny students were more lively. During the breaks, they were discussing about who was the hero. Ever since Glaze had been promoted to LV 2, he had always been unruly at school, causing nobody to dare act against him. Unexpectedly, he has encountered such an event.

With the exception of Zhang Tie and Barley, every member of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood also became excited. Zhang Tie was thinking about how Glaze’s group would take revenge for the 24 lashings they had to suffer. Those bastards would definitely take revenge more ferociously.

“It looks like I won’t have to worry about not having enough Iron Body Fruits later!” Zhang Tie mocked himself as he thought about it helplessly.

Fatty Barley was also not that excited; he had turned gloomy ever since he heard Sharon’s words.

Every member of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood knew that Zhang Tie would stay in the small woods after lunch. As Barley was good at observing others’ expression, he might have already noticed something from his expression, thus Zhang Tie felt that Barley might already know that he was the supposed “hero”…

……

After school, Zhang Tie asked the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood to wait for him in the classroom for a while. He then decided to calmly declare his decision...

“What… Bighead, you want to leave our Hit-Plane Brotherhood?” Doug gazed at Zhang Tie in surprise. “Why? What’s happening? We will help you be a real man next week!”

Same as Doug, Hista and Sharwin were also shocked. Bagdad was filled with anger as he clenched his fists.

“I might have been accustomed to be alone, so please respect my decision…” Forcing a smile, Zhang Tie didn’t say anything as he walked out the classroom, leaving behind the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood in the classroom, who were blankly staring at each other.

“This bastard, I should have punched him one more time!” Bagdad fiercely punched a wall in the classroom, resulting in a few pieces of limestone falling down...

“Even though we treated him as our good brother… Pah...” Doug spat towards the door. “It seems he didn’t want to be our brother at all!”

“What’s wrong?” Sharwin looked at them.

“How could he be so foolish to leave our brotherhood before enjoying the coming-of-age ceremony?” Hista couldn’t understand.

Leit rolled his eyes and stared at Barley, who was silent and had lowered his head, as he said nothing. Seeing Barley’s actions, they all became silent as well. Then, Barley raised his head and glanced at them.

“I have already realized it back in the playground. What Bighead did has truly verified my judgment of him. You’re all mistaken about him. He was leaving our brotherhood because he doesn’t want to stir up trouble for us!”

“Trouble, you mean…” Sharwin seemed to have realized it.

“Bighead was that hero. He was the man who refused to wash dining plates for the Glaze’s group and made them so miserable today!” Barley explained all of a sudden, shocking everyone else. “Glaze’s group will definitely take revenge on him. Zhang Tie didn’t want us to get involved, that’s why he chose to leave!”

Barley glanced at each one of them. “Glaze’s group will probably take revenge on BigHead — and it will definitely be fierce! As Bighead is one of our Brotherhood, we have to suffer the revenge together with him. As this concerns our personal interests and safety, nobody could make decisions for others; therefore, I want to hear your opinions. If we treasure Bighead as our brother, we should face revenge together with him. If not, we are all safe and can just pretend that nothing has happened. We will raise our hands to make the final decision in five minutes!”

At this point in time, every member of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood became silent

……

Five minutes later, Barley glanced at them solemnly. “Those who agree to face the revenge together with Bighead, raise your hands!”

The others looked at each other and nobody spoke.

“Well, since you’re all silent, I will be the first to decide. Although Bighead broke my nose before and got me the nickname ‘mucus mucilage’, I feel that he is righteous, that’s why...” Doug scrunched his nose. “I want to help him…”

Doug raised up his hand…

“Is Glaze, a LV 2 fighter, that great? I will surpass him sooner or later!” Bagdad cooly raised his hand as well...

“If we abandoned our brother just because of such a small problem, wouldn’t that mean we would disband our brotherhood in front of bigger difficulties?” Hista spoke as he raised his hand.

“I feel like this guy always does the unexpected. I also feel like he is someone who wouldn’t escape in front of a Red-scarf Burglar and would never push us into trouble, much like what he did today. He might have a solution. That’s why I’m relieved to have a brother like him!” saying this, Leit shrugged his shoulders and raised his hands.

“Since all of you have decided to stand on Zhang Tie’s side, there’s no way I can back down now. And don’t all of you feel cool today?” Sharwin smiled coyly and raised up his hand as well.

Just as everyone cast their eyes on the solemn looking Barley, he finally showed a brilliant smile and raised his hand. “If our brotherhood wants to get a foothold in Blackhot City, then Glaze’s group will be our first milestone. If we don’t face troubles together, how could we be called brothers? If we don’t experience these trials together, how could we be called brothers?? Speaking of this, I really have to thank Bighead. I’ve been wanting an opportunity to test our loyalty to the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, and unexpectedly, here is the opportunity!”

The members stared at each other as their eyes gradually glittered. Through this difficult and unanimous choice, they all felt much closer to each other. Filled with bravery and confidence, each one of them felt warm all over their bodies...

“What is the slogan of our brotherhood?” seeing everybody growing more and more ambitious, Barley shouted.

“Hit the plane!” Doug exclaimed. At the same time, everybody turned and glared at him. Doug instantly felt that this joke was not appropriate and shrunk himself.

“One more time, our slogan is!” Barley shouted again.

“Anyone who gives our brothers trouble will be in trouble!” the horny students growled in unison...



* * *





Chapter 40




Zhang Tie didn’t know what had happened in the classroom after he left, as he had already walked out of the gate of the Seventh National Middle School by then.

Life was sometimes unfortunate like this:. While you’re sitting under a tree in a daze, someone suddenly throws some messy plates in front of you. As a result, you have to make a choice — being an unpaid dishwasher or being beaten to death.

F*ck! The one-eyed man’s words were correct: “When faced with someone, if you refuse their request, then they would feel like you insulted them.” Even now, I will insult you. Let’s see whether you dare to bite me or not!

The moment he went out of the school gate, Zhang Tie coincidentally encountered the one-eyed man. Naturally, as it seemed like the two had to walk on the same road for a while, he couldn’t just pretend to not have seen him and pass him.

“Captain Kerlin, are you going to the fighting club?” Zhang Tie took the initiative and greeted him, as it was not a secret that Captain Kerlin was a part-time coach in the Iron Thorns Fighting Club.

Captain Kerlin knew that Zhang Tie performed well yesterday in the Fighting Club, thus he felt that Zhang Tie was manly enough as his impression of him has begun to improve. He felt like he had made the right decision. “Yea, I’m heading to the fighting club. I heard that you have another part-time job at the grocery store?”

Captain Kerlin didn’t have an inkling that Zhang Tie was that “hero” nor was he interested. For Captain Kerlin, he believed that everyone should take care of themselves. Even now when the “hero” dared to stir up trouble with Glaze’s group, he should be brave and face it. Besides, there were so many students at school and Captain Kerlin was not their babysitter.

Zhang Tie knew the temperament of the one-eyed man; therefore, he didn’t mention what had happened at noon. Instead, he talked about something else with Captain Kerlin.

“Yea, it was introduced to me by my family. I’ve already worked there for a long time!”

“How do you feel about working over there?”

“The boss is kind, and I can learn a lot…”

They kept talking and walking in this manner…

When they were far away, Glaze’s group appeared from behind a tree close to the school gate dejectedly. Seeing the backs of Zhang Tie and Captain Kerlin, they gritted their teeth.

“What the f*ck! That guy is walking really close with the one-eyed man. It seems that they are very close!” Sharon said dejectedly. Zhang Tie grabbed Glaze’s opportunity to perform in front of Miss Daina, so Glaze wanted to take revenge on him. This explains what had happened at noon. In Glaze’s mind, he should be the only star in Seventh National Middle School. This was the most critical stage that determined his future, and nobody else should be able to match him. Naturally, he thought it would be easy to bully someone weaker than him. They never thought that Zhang Tie would refuse, resulting in them suffering the darkest afternoon of their lives.

Hearing what Sharon said, everybody frowned. At the same time, from the fresh whip wounds on their backs came a sharp pain that was similar to rubbing salt in a wound, reminding them of the insults they had suffered.

“If we deal with this guy, Captain Kerlin would definitely help him. He probably refused to listen to our orders at noon because he found someone to rely on — Captain Kerlin. We’ll have to plan it well before setting him up!” Garner complained loudly.

“Once he leaves school, Captain Kerlin would not find any evidence. We would have more than enough time to deal with him, humph… humph…” Zuhair sneered.

“What’s your plan?” Sharon asked Zuhair.

Zuhair looked around. The others instantly felt that the plan must be terrifying. Thus, they moved back behind the tree and listened to Zuhair’s plan.

“If we do this, the result would be hard to control!” Zuhair looked at Glaze and waited for his final decision.

“Won’t… this be… somewhat excessive? I just want to fiercely beat him. After all, we are… classmates… and this plan might kill him!” Garner, who was obviously startled by Zuhair’s scheme, staggered.

“What’s wrong? Garner, you wanna back out?” Sharon stared at him coldly. “Have the wounds on your back recovered so soon?

“Garner, you are still naïve. ‘Classmate’ is worth nothing in this age!” Zuhair sneered.

“I… I… I mean…” Before Garner finished explaining, his neck had already been tightly gripped by one of Glaze’s hand. The huge physical difference between Glaze, a LV 2 fighter, and a common student was obvious. Garner’s feet were already in the air as his face gradually turned red, slowly showing a miserable expression.

“What’s there to explain?” Glaze sneered. Garner found it increasingly difficult to breathe as he struggled while desperately waving his hands. Glaze then loosened his hand, resulting in Garner kneeling on the ground as he coughed heavily.

“So we’ve made the final decision. He will have few days to show off. During the surviving training, I will give him a lesson he’ll never forget…” Glaze showed a terrifying and cruel expression. The three people by him showed obscene smiles, either sincerely or reluctantly.

So what if the result was uncontrollable? Worst case scenario, a death of a black-haired kid that nobody would care about. Deaths happened every day in Blackhot City.

Zhang Tie usually called them horny students at school because he felt that everybody his age in the Seventh National Middle School were like rutting calves; however, he never thought that there were true emotionless horny students like them.

……

When Zhang Tie entered the grocery store, he found Donder busily greeting three guests at the same time. At the sight of Zhang Tie, Donder obviously heaved a sigh of relief…

“Show them our ‘powerful rat poison’…” Donder said to Zhang Tie...

Several minutes later, the three guests left. Donder then counted the gold coins with a big smile.

Zhang Tie realized that the number of magistrates and soldiers on patrol neighboring the railway station has increased since the message concerning the Red-Scarf Burglars spread. Despite the news being spread, Donder’s grocery store has had more guests than before — at least 20 percent more than before. Various goods, even goods used to do bad deeds, sold well. Among the bestsellers, the ‘powerful rat poison’ had the highest sales volume. It was said that the ‘powerful rat poison’ was a raw material of the most terrifying weapon. Before the Catastrophe, anybody who was close to it would endanger their lives, even if it was just within the same room. His teachers said that it was called “radioactive substance” before the Catastrophe. It was the Catastrophe and the mysterious particle carried by the Star of God that let the “radioactive substances’ lose their radioactive energy and made its basic properties change. As a result, they could no longer be used to produce the most terrifying weapons; however, its toxic property was preserved. Prior to the Catastrophe, it required people to adopt extremely sophisticated means to extract the substance, but after the Catastrophe, many people found the substance among the ores underground due to large geographic movements. The natural, virulent mineral ore was called “Monster’s Store” and was extremely toxic after being ground into powder. In the history of the Blackson Human Clan Corridor, this “rat poison” was used by evil organizations to instigate malicious events that led to almost ten thousand wounded or deaths. Therefore, among the official regulations in the Blackhot City, this substance was specially regulated. In fact, for professional adventurers and pioneers who were striving to explore the land and find new places for humans to live, this substance was sharp weapon against low-level magical beasts and monsters. By putting just a bit of “rat poison” on their simple bait, it was possible to send several magical beasts to their deaths. After being simply extracted, the poison could be smeared onto weapons, making them more powerful. That was why the substance could never be completely forbidden. Although it was forbidden to sell in ordinary stores, the government of Blackhot City just kept one eye closed on it, as they could not completely forbid it.

People named it as “rat poison” so that it could be properly advertised in public. Naturally, it could be found in a grocery neighboring the railway station where passengers from all walks of life passed. Donder sold both the real “rat poison” and the so-called “rat poison” that could not only kill those rats at home but also kill those large, terrifying mutated rats outside the gates of the city. This substance was colorless and tasteless. Without using special means or reaching at least LV 10, a level where one would develop very sharp senses and would be able to use spiritual observation, no man or magical beast would be able to notice it. That’s how terrifying this powerful “rat poison” was.

Ever since the curfew in Blackhot City had been imposed in hopes to protect its residents from the Red-Scarf Burglars, the sales as well as the price of the “powerful rat poison” in Donder’s grocery store had increased from selling 5 to 6 vials per month at 75 silver per vial to more than 3 or 5 vials per day at 1 gold per vial. Most of the buyers were commoners. Thinking of what had happened at school today and the potential revenge, Zhang Tie became dejected…



* * *





Chapter 41




“Boy, what’s wrong with you? Why do you look so bad?” Donder didn’t lay in the lounge; instead, he moved forward and asked Zhang Tie after seeing off two batches of guests as Zhang Tie closed his account book.

“F*ck! Is every fatty good at observing others?” Zhang Tie felt strange when he associated the Fatty Barley to the boss of the grocery store in front of him.

Forcing a smile, Zhang Tie poured out what had happened at school. Soon after, he finished and felt much better.

“Heh… heh…” Donder smiled obscenely and raised his thumb towards Zhang Tie. “It’s really unimaginable that you are so tough! Do you regret it?”

“Motherf*cker, those bastards... I would wash plates for my friends, for the roadside beggars, but I would never do it for those bastards! Let’s see if they dare to bite off my d*ck if I don’t do it!” Being familiar with Donder, Zhang Tie felt natural to lose his temper in front of him. “Have you ever met motherf*ckers like them before?” Zhang Tie then asked the fatty for his suggestions and countermeasures. As Zhang Tie has already worked for him for a long time, he saw the fatty as a teacher who had taught him a lot. At the very least, Donder was much more experienced than he was.

“For cases like these, everybody has the chance to encounter people like them since there are so many defiant bastards in this world. You could just be sitting there peacefully and someone else might be aggressive towards you out of the blue. They don’t feel comfortable until they have fiercely kicked your face. Encountering bastards like this, you should beat them fiercely. Do you know what mistake you made this afternoon?” Donder asked Zhang Tie.

“What mistake?”

“Since you have decided to be their opponent, you should use every possible means to deal with them. Young man, you are pretending to be tough, but inside, you are soft-hearted and hesitant!”

Hearing this, Zhang Tie’s eyes widened. He had set them up so ferociously, yet Donder still called him soft-hearted and hesitant.

“Since you’ve become their opponent, you have to slap them ten times instead of once!” Donder criticized Zhang Tie relentlessly. “You think those bastards would thank you for only slapping them once? If I was in your position, I would quietly throw their plates into the toilet and set them up — and I would never admit to doing so! However, you simply left their plates and did nothing. You tell me, how would that one-eyed man respond if he found those plates in the toilet? What punishment would the school give them? No matter what, they were the one who threw the plates, not you. So what are you afraid of?”

Zhang Tie was stunned. He muttered to himself, “It seems that if I were to do what he suggested, Glaze’s group would be accused of ‘purposely stealing public property’ and ‘damaging the reputation of the school’ to some degree. Even though there was no rule about “do not disgust others”, nobody knew how hard the one-eyed man would whip them and how many days they would have to stay on the bed. Am I actually soft-hearted?”

“And here is another mistake!” Donder added.

“Another one?” Zhang Tie stared at Donder innocently.

“Since those guys have been lashed to death, their overall strength should be greatly reduced. At this moment, you should call your buddies or directly instigate people who are usually dissatisfied with Glaze’s group and directly cripple them. You have to make them fear you and lose the ability to take revenge on you. Even if you crippled one of them, this disturbance would involve a large amount of people and you have yet to graduate. They were also the first to be in the wrong and had bullied so many students. That’s why you would not assume all the responsibilities by yourself — many other people would defend you!”

Zhang Tie became speechless. In front of Donder, he felt as if he was as innocent as a tiny white rabbit. The boss was so confident that one of his fingers almost poked Zhang Tie’s forehead. From his excitement, Donder’s saliva even flew onto Zhang Tie’s face. “You should know that your third mistake is unforgivable. You shouldn’t have left that Hit-Plane Brotherhood without explaining your reasoning. You idiot! Why not use your buddies? Is it that fun to cut off your protection when facing danger? Even a pig is a hundred times smarter than you. The correct solution is to tell your buddies about the conflict between you and those bastards and let them help you beat those bastards to death after school. If they don’t dare to do it, it would be their fault and they would feel sorry for you in the future. However, you left without any explanation. That’s why you’re the one in the wrong. If they don’t know the reason, they might even despise you and might even turn into your enemy…” Donder was so excited that he directly poked Zhang Tie’s forehead with his finger. “Whether your head had been kicked bad by a donkey or being squeezed by the door?”

Hearing Donder’s analysis, Zhang Tie felt like he lost face, so much so that he wanted to bury his head in his knees. Previously, Zhang Tie thought that what he had done was great and manly; however, hearing Donder’s analysis, he felt that he was truly an idiot. According to Donder’s suggestions, he should have united with the other horny undergraduate students who were dissatisfied with Glaze’s group, surrounding those bastards with sticks and bars in hand and beating them until they beg for forgiveness. In this way, he would even be able to cripple them directly. If they were lucky, the Hit-Plane Brotherhood could recruit new members and develop quickly. “Why didn’t I realize this?” Zhang Tie felt very regretful.

Cleaning the saliva on his face, Zhang Tie stared at Donder, who had cast a contemptuous look at him. Zhang Tie became blank and scratched his head. “What should I do now?”

“What should you do? You have already missed the best opportunity. When you arrive at school tomorrow, explain why you took the initiative and left the Hit-Plane Brotherhood to the members. At the very least, you should beg for forgiveness and eliminate them as a potential risk. Then it depends on your luck. Keep one rule in mind: never think that your opponent and enemy are as kind as you, and never think that they would follow those motherf*cking ethical rules like you. In this world, human beings are the most terrifying existence, and the number of people killed by humans is much more than the number killed by alien clans. You should take care of yourself. It doesn’t matter if you can’t beat Glaze. You should not throw an egg against a rock. If you have more friends than him, unite your friends to beat him. If you had a high social status, use your power to control him. If you are richer than him, use your money to buy him. If you are smarter than him, set him up. If you are patient enough, wait for an opportunity to attack him. If you are shameless enough, deceive him using shameless means. For instance, kneel down in front of him and wait for their punishment. Afterward, you can join your opponents, gaining their trust and favor. At the critical moment, set them up so that they no longer have any opportunities to take revenge. You should know in which aspect you are better than him. You should use your advantage to play him to death. If you cannot match him in every aspect, just stay far away from him. This is the rule in this world. Am I clear?” Donder rarely had an opportunity to teach anyone; therefore, he seized this opportunity to shoot all his knowledge onto Zhang Tie’s face like arrows shot from the steam-powered crossbows installed on the city walls of Blackhot City.

As if meeting this vicious boss for the first time, Zhang Tie stared at Donder’s expression for a long while, almost causing the fatty to be irritated. Intensely nodding, he said in a shameful way, “I understand a bit!”

“Think over it carefully. On the Oriental Continent, what I said was the essence of the Vicious Rule of Human Nature — a mysterious knowledge among the Chinese clan that is used to deal with bastards and thugs!” Donder sharply winked, causing the persuasiveness of his words to weaken.

The Vicious Rule of Human Nature? It only seemed like being shameless and vicious. Does this count as mysterious knowledge? Although Zhang Tie severely doubted Donder’s words, he felt Donder’s words were also reasonable. “Well, I won’t worry about it. I’ll just go with the flow. In the worst case scenario, I would just be beaten a few times.” Thinking of the first Leakless Fruit that would be ripe tonight, Zhang Tie’s heart started to pound.



* * *





Chapter 42




“Then I will not invite you for dinner…” By the time Donder had said this, Zhang Tie had already rushed out the grocery store long ago like a soaring arrow.

“Be careful on your way!” Seeing Zhang Tie running off so hurriedly, Donder shook his head. As Donder had already realized that Zhang Tie was absent-minded today, he let him go back earlier than usual. However, it really surprised him that the boy had already rushed out of the door the instant he said “dinner”.

……

Zhang Tie was very excited at this moment. He couldn’t wait to get back home and see what the “Leakless Fruit” looked like. He even forgot the soreness and pain from his body.

There was only one thought in Zhang Tie’s mind — returning home!

……

As a result of the recently added midnight curfew in Blackhot City, just before midnight, the railway station would be bustling as more and more people gathered at the flea market and surrounding shops.

In order to get back home as soon as possible, Zhang Tie didn’t select the usual route; instead, he used a shortcut and ran into the populated alleys and streets near the railway station. Although these kinds of places had people of all walks of life and lacked security, Zhang Tie had always passed through this area for several years and found nothing strange about it in the least. However, there was always an exception. At a corner between an alley and a street, due to the darkness, Zhang Tie ran into another man who was exiting the alley. Neither of the two had expected that they would crash into someone else at this intersection.

That man’s body only shook a bit, while Zhang Tie bounced back and fell onto the ground. All of a sudden, Zhang Tie became dazed and made a furious harrumph.

“Boy, you wanna die!?”

Zhang Tie widened his eyes and saw a tall, masculine man around the age of 40 standing in front of him. Like the average pioneer, the guy ferociously stepping towards Zhang Tie had a long, vicious face and brown hair.

Zhang Tie had not yet recovered. From this fierce crash alone, he felt like his bones were almost broken and struggled greatly to get himself off the ground. Never would he have imagined that the man in front of him would be so vicious. After having seen Zhang Tie fall onto the ground, the man had actually wanted to step on him. Seeing the man’s large feet and muscles, Zhang Tie realized that he would be severely wounded if not killed under his feet.

“What’s wrong, Huck?” From the alley behind the manly fellow came a thin shadow wearing a pioneer uniform. Seeing what Huck was about to do, the man instantly stopped him as he slightly raised his chin towards a certain direction. Following the direction of his chin, Huck saw a team of patrolling soldiers in a street far away. Seeing the patrolling soldiers, Huck stopped.

“Young man, are you ok?” The thin yet tall man moved from behind Huck and squatted in front of Zhang Tie with a smile. Looking into the man’s slim eyes with yellowish pupils, Zhang Tie felt like he was being stared at by a cobra. At that instant, Zhang Tie felt the hair on his body standing on its end. The instant that man drew close to him like a snake, Zhang Tie smelt a fishy scent, which made him feel like vomiting.

Thinking of how Huck had raised his foot, Zhang Tie hurriedly picked himself up. No matter what, it was too dangerous for him to remain lying on the ground.

“I’m fine, I’m fine. I was running just now. Sorry about that…”

“Hoho, you’re so careless. Are you hurt? Come on, let me give you a hand!”

“No need… thanks…” Seeing the man stretching out his hand toward him, Zhang Tie hurriedly sat up.

“Come on, I mean it. To tell you the truth, we didn’t notice you either…” The thin guy smiled, instantly grabbing Zhang Tie’s hands as he intended to pull him up. Feeling the tight grip on his wrists, Zhang Tie did not have the time to say anything before he felt as if his hands were licked by a snake. Following that, he felt as if the man had searched every part of his body; from the palms, wrists, and elbows to his shoulders, armpits, waist, chest, and belly. Finally, he even searched Zhang Tie’s crotch, shanks, and ankles as he pretended to pat off dirt for him. All this happened before Zhang Tie had a chance to realize what was happening. The thin man then shook his head towards Huck.

“Since it’s evening, take care on your way back!” The thin man forced a weird smile at Zhang Tie as he left with the ferociously staring Huck. Soon after, they disappeared in the populated street.

In just a few seconds, Zhang Tie realized that his back had already been drenched with sweat. When the night wind blew, he shivered. Instinctively, Zhang Tie realized that he seemed to have just escaped a huge crisis.

Zhang Tie quickly left. “God bless me. I don’t want to ever meet those two terrifying guys again!” Zhang Tie muttered to himself as he moved forward. Several steps later, he felt something beneath his foot. With widened eyes, he bent down and picked up the item. Under the moonlight, Zhang Tie saw a palm-sized cloth bag that contained something within. It felt neither like a rare metal nor money. Being surprised, Zhang Tie took the object out of the bag, revealing a dark red triangular wooden plate that had cracks at its center. There was nothing on the wooden plate — no patterns or characters. It seemed to have been made of common red pine, which was not very expensive. The moment Zhang Tie intended to throw it away, he noticed that the wooden plate was very smooth as if the plate was regularly used and handled by people. Zhang Tie then became curious as to why a useless plate would be held so solemnly inside this bag. Realizing that Huck had dropped the bag, Zhang Tie smirked as he placed it back within cloth bag before foisting the bag into his pocket. He then rushed home.

Half an hour after Zhang Tie left, the two men returned. Unlike before, their faces had turned pale with an indescribable fear. With oil lamps in hand, they lowered their bodies onto the ground and searched almost every corner on this patch of land. Unfortunately, they had failed to find what they were looking for.

“What should we do?” At this moment, Huck did not look vicious; the only thing that could be seen on his face was an uncertainty that would be seen during the end of the world “Snade, why not go directly to them?”

“Are you crazy?” The snake-like man called Snade stared at Huck. “You know the rules of our organization! You know what they would do if they don’t see the token! Without the token, we would be killed the instant we told them who we are!”

“What should we do If we can’t finish this task?”

Remembering what their leaders had done to the followers who made mistakes, Huck and Snade turned utterly pale.

“It must have been that kid. It’s really unbelievable that we lost the token. You had checked it when we left the railway station. Additionally, we did not come into contact with anyone else. The token must have been stolen by that kid!” Snade concluded ferociously.

“But you had checked him just now and found nothing at all!”

“That kid is definitely experienced. He must have thrown it away when he got our token. It was too dark just now and we didn’t pay attention to our feet. After we left, that kid probably picked it up and ran away!” Besides mistaking Zhang Tie as an experienced thief who lurked near the railway station, his judgment was completely correct. “Now, we can only hope that he didn’t throw it away. Otherwise…”

“Otherwise, I will definitely kill all his family members and chop him into meat paste!” Huck’s fat face trembled. “What should we do now? Should we go look for him?”

“No, we should go get another thief and let him lead us to that kid. If that kid frequents the area near the railway station, other people must know him!”

“Fine…”

Within Blackhot City, the neighborhood near the railway station was the most disorderly place. There were many criminals here who did bad deeds such as pickpocket, robbery, rape, etc. Those guys cooperated with the magistrates near the railway station stealthily. They were definitely an evil force in the Blackhot city. However, that night, the two more sinister men would finally deal with them tonight due to a “trivial” matter...

……



* * *





Chapter 43




Naturally, Zhang Tie didn’t know what the two guys had done after he returned home. When the two were searching the ground, Zhang Tie had already returned home.

As there was one more person at home as well as the baby that would be born in about ten months, Zhang Tie’s parents haven’t been going out in the evening for the past few days; instead, they stayed at home. Recently, supper has been more nutritious than before. Zhang Tie could tell that some dishes, which tasted really good, were made by his soon-to-be sister-in-law.

When he returned, Zhang Tie only found his mom and his soon-to-be sister-in-law at home. After he had finished supper, he saw his dad return covered in sweat while carrying ham on his back. Zhang Tie then knew where his dad had been.

Together with his dad, Zhang Tie dealt with the approximately 20 kg ham and hung it in the kitchen. As he had not smelled this kind of scent in a long time, Zhang Tie strongly inhaled. After having done so, Zhang Tie joked, “Dad, you and mom really play favorites. I’ve been wanting ham since a long time ago, yet you didn’t buy any for me; however, as soon as my sister-in-law arrived, you bought it so soon. Your son really can not match your grandson!”

“No crap!” His dad poked his face with a finger. “If you’re a man, you shouldn’t eat it even after your mom has prepared it!”

“Heh… heh…” Zhang Tie smiled but muttered within his heart, “Your son really did something amazing at school today.” However, Zhang Tie knew that what had happened at school would only make his dad and mom worried; therefore, he decided he would not tell them about it. “Dad, how much was the ham?”

“58 silver coins and 60 copper coins — almost 60 silver coins!” His dad complained bitterly, “It was never this expensive before!”

Zhang Tie was startled. This price was almost equivalent to one month of his dad’s salary. It seemed that his dad and mom had paid a steep price for their grandson. Seeing his dad being gloomy over there, Zhang Tie moved close to him and prattled, “Remember to buy more fruits to provide enough nutrition for the health of the future baby of our Zhang family!”

“Yea, your mom also…” His dad suddenly realized that he had already fallen into Zhang Tie’s trap. Being irritated, his dad chased him around the room and flicked at Zhang Tie’s forehead.

……

Ever since his sister-in-law came to their home, Zhang Tie realized that his plan to earn merit value at home became ineffective. Every place in the house became clean and tidy, thus he could not even find an excuse to do housework anymore. As a result, Zhang Tie had nothing to do and could only smile bitterly. It seemed that he had to find another hidden way to earn merit value.

After supper, his mom and sister-in-law sat close and were knitting. As she had grown up in the house of a tailor, his sister-in-law was definitely good at needlework. Seeing that pair of delicate hands, Zhang Tie’s mom smiled. While helping them cut rags to create insoles, Zhang Tie casually talked to them.

“There are only a few days left before I will leave home,” while cutting the rags, Zhang Tie thought to himself. He only had a few days to accompany his parents in these months. According to the Eldest Son’s Right of Inheritance Act and the Urban Residence Right Act in Blackhot City and the entire Andaman Alliance, the house which was acquired through dozens of years of hard work would be inherited by his elder brother. As Zhang Tie was the youngest son, he had to leave both the house and the city and survive outside.

When a young wolf grew up, it had to leave his parents’ lair. If a young eagle was fully grown, then it would have to leave the eagle nest on the cliff, flying into the sky as it strove to survive even in the heavy wind and rain. Even if it was an ant, the moment it could fly, it would have to leave its nest for the future of its descendants. In this age, similar to other living species, human beings had also formulated rules and laws to manage themselves. They started to learn from the animals and species that have shown strong surviving capabilities. The two above Acts were prime examples of what humans had to do if they wanted to survive in this age. They had to move out of the high city walls. With ambition and swords, they had to be brave as they explore the land in search for new places for humans to live. They had to fight alien clans and eliminate the dangerous species as they gradually establish new cities and human settlements that could contain more people. This was the rule of survival in this age; it had nothing to do with morality. In reality, this was what the human race needed to survive.

The cities were safe; however, a city could only contain a limited population, thus not everybody could live in Blackhot City. Using Zhang Tie’s family, which had two sons, as an example, when Zhang Tie, the youngest son, completes his compulsory education and begins to serve in the army, the Eldest Son’s Right of Inheritance Act and the Urban Residence Right Act would spring into effect. As his elder brother was going to get married and Zhang Tie would soon enter society, it would not be convenient for him to stay at home, thus there were only a few days left before he would leave.

Over the past few days, Zhang Tie has tried to stay away from this topic. He tried his best to stay as close as he could with his parents and always made jokes to make them happy in hopes to lower the sadness they would feel from the eventual departure. His parents had also tried to avoid this topic. As the two months of outdoor survival training was soon, Zhang Tie knew that other families had already prepared equipment and food for their children.

Without knowing it, Zhang Tie felt the flow of time flew by quickly when he stayed with his parents. The pile of rags was soon finished being cut into pieces. It was currently a bit late, and his mom looked a bit tired. After chatting for awhile, Zhang Tie found an excuse to leave. While yawning, he washed his feet, brushed his teeth, and returned to the attic.

Back in his room, Zhang Tie looked over the triangular wooden plate carefully and finally confirmed that it was made of red pine and had no miraculous or hidden functions. Aside from the special, naturally formed grains on it, there was nothing else worth mentioning about it. If it was placed among kids’ toys, others would simply take it as a building block.

Whenever Zhang Tie thought back to Huck’s pair of large feet and the snake-like, slim man who searched him all over, he would feel goosebumps all over.

“Motherf*cker, two perverts! Haven’t you lived a good childhood? You two play this motherf*cking thing at that age!” Zhang Tie cursed. Throwing the wooden plate directly into the cloth bag, he then tossed it into the sundry box at the corner of the room.

After having thrown the wooden plate, Zhang Tie sucked in a deep breath and closed his eyes. He was soon able to find the miraculous, arched gate between his brows. Locking onto it, he muttered to himself, “Enter!”

——Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, welcome to the Castle of Black Iron!

“It feels really motherf*cking good!” Inside the Castle of Black Iron, Zhang Tie sucked in a deep breath. Whenever he entered, he would be curious. Despite there only being a few sprouted plants with low aura value, whenever he entered here, he would feel vigorous. Even the air inside was much fresher than that of Blackhot City.

As usual, Zhang Tie checked the basic attributes inside the Castle of Black Iron first.

——Castle of Black Iron

——Length: 1 Krosa

——Width: 1 Krosa

——Aura value: 23.5

——Merit value: 56

——Basic energy storage: 0.5

——Special output: void

There was nothing special about this basic data; the aura value was still increasing due to the growing plants, and merit value did not increase today, as he had neither cleaned the desks and chairs at school nor did he do housework at home.

Closing the basic attributes window, he checked his reclaimed land. The potatoes were growing quite well, and all the niblets had already sprouted and had broken out of the ground. The sprouted potato twigs had already started to bifurcate with the longest having reached a length of almost 10 cm. In contrast, the potato in the “No.1 pit” which he had injected three merit value points for mutation and evolution was not different than before. Zhang Tie assumed that the result of the mutation and evolution might be related to the growth cycle of the species. As only a week had elapsed since he had injected the points, it was reasonable to see no change.

After checking his reclaimed land; Zhang Tie arrived at the small tree once again. Gazing at the Leakless Fruit, he thought back to its growth process. From the size of a grape, it grew to the size of an egg. From dark cyan, it changed to a dark red. Zhang Tie drooled immensely and knew that only four hours were left before it became ripe. Zhang Tie was so excited that he even scratched his face. He then forced himself to calm down next to the tree for a while. With eyes firmly fixed on the Leakless Fruit, he simply squatted by the tree until his legs became gradually numb. Picking himself up from the ground, he started to circle around the tree. During this process, he couldn’t help but glance several times at the time remaining before it became ripe. Unexpectedly, there was still four hours left…

When Zhang Tie couldn’t help but check it again, he suddenly realized. “Zhang Tie! Zhang Tie! You are really this impatient! How could an impatient man like you match Miss Daina in the future? One ear of wheat would grow ripe and dry within one year; a diamond would form into being after hundreds of millions of years; a bean sprout will grow up in water in two days. However, I heard it took God ten thousand years to create the Olive Tree — the king of trees! All wheat straws would be burned into ashes; all bean sprouts would turn into the wastes of human beings and animals. However, a diamond would become a piece of jewelry, and the Olive Tree would become a holy symbol. This explained the difference between patience and impatience. In which way should I live for the rest of my life? As a wheat straw, a bean sprout, a diamond, or an Olive Tree?” he muttered to himself.



* * *





Chapter 44




Sometimes, morality and immorality were determined by whether you had patience.

Thinking of this, Zhang Tie showed a resolute expression and a victorious smile before completely retracting his hand. Sucking in a deep breath, he gave a final glance at the small tree. Zhang Tie locked onto the miraculous arched door in his mind and left the Castle of Black Iron…

Zhang Tie never knew that this small, patient choice of his had made him more mentally mature.

After returning to his small room, Zhang Tie stood there for a while. Sitting on the bed, he started to practice Mental Arithmetic By Abacus. Afterward, Zhang Tie took out the crystal which had been buried in the crystal sand by the windowsill and started to polish the Shrine burning point. When his spiritual energy was almost exhausted, Zhang Tie visualized the contents of the book, Mental Arithmetic By Abacus, once again. Realizing that there was still more than one hour before the Leakless Fruit became ripe, Zhang Tie resisted his impulses to reenter the Castle of Black Iron and fell asleep.

When he woke up from his sweet dream due to needing to use the washroom, it was already past midnight.

With the moonlight shining through the window, Zhang Tie had a look at the clock and found it was almost 4:00 am. 2 hours had already passed since the first Leakless Fruit became ripe.

Zhang Tie instantly sprung up from his bed barefoot, wearing only a pair of underwear. He then rapidly locked onto the miraculous arched door in his consciousness and disappeared from the room…

After returning to the Castle of Black Iron a few hours since he was last here, the first thing Zhang Tie did wasn’t running toward the small tree to pick the fruit; instead, he pulled off his underwear, got out his p*nis, and cooly urinated in the direction opposite of the tree about 10 m away. After the pressure on his bladder had been relieved, Zhang Tie trembled from the comfort. Pulling up his underwear, he moved to the small tree. 4 or 5 meters away from the small tree, Zhang Tie smelt a special fragrance that made people feel spirited. It was the fragrance of a ripe fruit that also smelt like the fragrance given off by sandalwood. It was too mysterious to be described. Zhang Tie was completely intoxicated and sucked in deep breaths as his eyes locked onto the ripe Leakless Fruit.

Compared to several hours ago, it was completely different. Previously, it was as large as an egg and was dark red in color, but currently, it has a glossy surface and was somewhat translucent. The insides of the fruit loomed a wisp of gold.

“Gulu…” Zhang Tie couldn’t help but swallow his saliva. Dragging his feet, he stretched out his hand toward the ripe Leakless Fruit.

——Leakless Fruit has become ripe. Usage: Pick and directly eat it. Notice: The fruit cannot be taken out of the Castle of Black Iron. After twelve hours of having been picked off the tree, its energy and vitality will gradually decline.

A semi-translucent dialogue box then appeared automatically to warn Zhang Tie.

Seeing the dialogue box gradually disappear in front him, Zhang Tie’s chest rose and fell. He sucked in two deep breaths and looked decisive as he picked the fruit without any hesitation as if he were picking a peach. Moving it close to his nose, he smelled the fruit before carefully staring at it. Finally, he raised his head, opened his mouth widely, and took a large bite.

The instant his teeth broke into the marvelous fruit, Zhang’s mouth was filled with the rich fragrance of the fruit. It was delicious! At that moment, all of Zhang Tie’s pores expanded comfortably.

With the sound of “siliu”, Zhang Tie swallowed the juice of the first bite. The first bite had only bitten off a small part of the fruit. Soon, he gave a few more bites, finishing the fruit very quickly. Judging from its texture and taste, Zhang Tie swore that he had never eaten such a delicious fruit before.

After he finished the fruit, Zhang Tie licked his lips for the juice that remained on his lips as he slowly savored its taste while questioning what sorts of effects it would bring. Before he was even able to taste the aftertaste, the effects of the fruit had already spread all over his chest and belly

A warm Qi started to rise from between Zhang Tie’s chest and belly, almost causing him to groan. This wisp of warm Qi turned into a warm wave as it started to rotate between Zhang Tie’s chest and belly. In less than two cycles, the warm wave abruptly moved back and charged towards the Shrine burning point as if it were a boa chasing its prey. Feeling the surging wave, Zhang Tie’s face twisted. He directly sat on the ground and crossed his legs. In response to the Qi, Zhang Tie instantly entered meditation…

At that moment, an unexpected change happened at the Shrine burning point over the navel. That powerful, warm wave was swirling around his Shrine burning point like a fire dragon drilling into its own cave. As a result, the Shrine burning point, which was like a cave, was slowly absorbing the wisps of warm energy from the fire dragon, resulting in the “entrance of the cave” slowly expanding from the wisps of warm energy so that the fire dragon could drill inside. As the cave gradually enlarged, more and more energy was absorbed and the insides of the cave became brighter and brighter. At the same time, the fire dragon began to fly around the cave faster and faster.

More than ten minutes later, with the sound of a “Boom!”, the cyan cave entrance directly expanded greatly as the cyan luster gradually turned to blue. However, the entrance with blue luster was still too small to allow that fire dragon in. Hence, the fire dragon continued to swirl around the entrance as it constantly injected warm energy into the cave. After around another ten minutes, the blue luster over the entrance grew brighter and brighter. With another “Boom!”, the blue light turned purple as the entrance enlarged once more. In response to this, the fire dragon became more lively. The warm Qi rising between Zhang Tie’s chest and belly continually converted into warm waves that supported the arrogant fire dragon while all the warm waves were injected into the wider and brighter cave entrance. About half an hour later, the entrance radiating purple light was large enough to hold the fire dragon. All of a sudden, that fire dragon threw itself into that entrance without any hesitation... “Boom!” With another huge sound, the long fire dragon completely hid itself in the cave. Radiating dazzling light, a purple luster radiated in all directions in the form of light fragments. At the place where the fire dragon and the entrance disappeared, a red sparkle appeared in its place, slowly burning as it grew into a fierce flame in the darkness. It continuously radiated heat and light to the surrounding coldness and darkness.

When he clearly “saw” a flame over the Shrine burning point, Zhang Tie cried out and burst into tears before laughing out loudly like a lunatic. Unexpectedly, he had ignited the Shrine burning point today in such manner. The effects of the Leakless Fruit were really surprising — it easily allowed him to break through the three levels of cyan, blue, and purple and directly allowed him to surge from an ordinary soldier to a LV 1 fighter.

“Is the Leakless Fruit used to ignite burning points?” Such a question flashed in Zhang Tie’s mind. Feeling weird, he picked himself up to the feet.

He felt empty inside, as if he didn’t have any organs, skeleton, or muscles. Right then, he felt a warm spring wind blow from the Shrine burning point in all directions and made him feel invigorated all over. His elder brother had told him that the ignition of each burning point in one’s body was a process to rebuild and enhance one’s physique. The feeling was very special, as it would either feel extremely comfortable or extremely painful. Besides the feeling of comfort or pain, there were also many other strange feelings. His elder brother had said that after some burning points were ignited, it felt even more comfortable than the climax of making love. In contrast, the ignition of some other burning points would even feel as painful as giving birth to a baby or like the feeling of metamorphosing from a cocoon to a butterfly.

The warm breeze from the Shrine burning point stopped after seven or eight minutes. For over a minute, Zhang Tie could hear cracking sounds from within his body. This was a process known as “Skeleton Rearrangement” that everybody who had ignited the Shrine burning point would enjoy. The entire process was really pleasant and felt like the body was being rearranged by an invisible hand. Zhang Tie felt like a machine being commissioned by an expert. Afterward, he felt that all the bones in his body fit well with each other. Additionally, the feeling of being full of vitality and the unprecedented sense of harmony made him so excited that he even wanted to loudly shout out.

In this age, only after having reached this level could you step onto the road of cultivation.

“Miss Daina, here I am. I’ve already ignited the Shrine burning point. Ah...”

Zhang Tie exclaimed towards the sky.



* * *





Chapter 45




Deep in the middle of the night, Blackhot City was covered in tranquility. Ever since the curfew was imposed, every night after midnight, the entire Blackhot City would fall asleep like a giant that they had finished their day of busy work.

Like birds singing in the daytime and the snakes chasing after mice in the night, some preferred to wander about in the night rather than the day, especially those from the areas neighboring the railway station where people of all walks of life converged. After midnight, there would still be many people wandering outside. Unfortunately, if they were captured by the patrolling City Guard Army and the magistrates, they would be punished through lashings, would have to serve in Glanceburg Prison that was located outside Blackhot City, and would become a joke to many pioneers. However, for those pioneers, this punishment was nothing serious at all.

Many people held this thought, hence why the bar in an alley near the railway station filled with pioneers, the “Treasures of the Poisonous Snakes”, was extremely bustling after midnight. For the average adolescent like Zhang Tie, they would never know of the wonderful nightlife that Blackhot City had.

As for the new arrivers, Huck and Snade, they had investigated the areas near the railway station before finding the bar called “Treasures of the Poisonous Snakes”. After 00:00 when the curfew came into effect, the two entered the bar as they pushed open the two doors.

The bar was not spacious inside. After midnight, the bar was boisterous, as there were around 30 people inside, most of whom were wearing the uniform of pioneers. Some talked and laughed loudly as they touched the breasts of the prostitutes beside them. Some murmured in the shadows of lights in the bar, where one would occasionally see two men scratching something hidden within their broad sleeves at the table. Some nodded when they were satisfied, while others shook their heads to show disagreement. If they could not reach an agreement, they would pull back their hands. This was the usual trading pattern among pioneers. The transaction was done within their sleeves to keep the items and prices of the trade a secret. Only the two parties involved knew what had happened, thus one would never know the topic of their conversation, even if they were planning your assassination and its price.

When Huck and Snade entered the bar, many people glanced at them and continued their own business, while other more perceptive pioneers felt as if danger was drawing close to them. In response, they stealthily moved the weapons lying on the table or beside them closer, placing them in a convenient position in case a critical situation arises.

The moment Huck and Snade sat at a table, two slightly nice-looking barmaids had already moved in front of them with slim twisting waists. They intended to lower their bodies to show their exposed, plump breasts. “Handsome boys, what can I do for you?”

“Two cups of black pine wine. What kind of food do you serve?” asked Snade.

“Toast, soybean, beef soup, and crispy sausage!”

“One set for each of us!”

“Okay!”

After the barmaids left, noticing what the two had ordered, the others moved their gazes away from them, as they knew few troublemakers would enjoy a meal before causing trouble in the bar.

Soon, the food ordered by Snade and Huck were served. Looking at the food, Snade didn’t eat it immediately; instead, he took out a grass root, which looked like a dried twig, wrapped in silver wires and poked every item on their plates and the mug of beer as he checked for a change in the color of the grass root and the silver wires. After no color change was seen, they started to safely enjoy the supper. After several hours of work, the two were currently really hungry.

It was common for pioneers to test for poison by using the grass root of a Soul-Eating Thorn that was wrapped in silver wires. Silver wire and the grass root of the Soul-Eating Thorn was the perfect combination — it reacts to most poisonous substances, including the “powerful rat poison” that only required a small amount to kill a fully grown man. Almost every pioneer had this habit of testing their food for poison before eating, hence others did not find it strange when they saw this. Even the boss and barmaids considered this as a common habit among pioneers. Aside from frequent customers, many new arrivers of this bar, which was teemed with pioneers, would test poison like those two. It was just a living habit.

The guests of the bar were loudly talking about the town hall of the Blackhot City. The town hall had increased the payment for mapping the black areas north and west of Blackhot City, rising to a price of 46 gold coins per squared kilometers of black area. Additionally, for every extra square kilometer, the price would increase by 5%. Over the past few days, several waves of pioneers who considered themselves exceptional had already traveled over there in groups; however, it was unknown how many among them would return.

After finishing their meal, Huck and Snade pretended to listen to the news inside the bar before preparing to leave and called the barmaid to settle the bill. Intending to pull out his purse, Huck’s purse suddenly dropped onto the ground, causing two gold coins to roll out of his purse. Huck hurriedly put away the purse. Instead, Snade settled the bill before the two walked out of the bar. Soon after they left, a man in a corner of the bar also picked himself up on his feet. Drinking the last of his beer, he purposely spilled some beer on himself. Afterwards, he followed the two and left the bar.

The actions of the man surprised no one in the bar.

“It seems like Squirrel Pond has finally found tonight’s prey. Heh… Heh...” Someone inside the bar started to smirk. Everyone forgot about the three who had just left. In this world, each and every one of them had their own set of survival rules. If others didn’t affect them, then most would just choose to ignore what was happening beside them. This was one of the rules of survival in this age.

The moment Squirrel Pond teetered out of the bar, he looked around and saw Huck and Snade walking into an alley on the left. Narrowing his eyes, he continued to follow them as he pretended to be a drunk man. When Pond drew close to them, the two walking in front glanced back at him; however, they seemed to not care when they saw the drunk man. Drawing close to Huck, he tumbled forward as he moved his hand inside of Huck’s coat. The instant Pond’s fingers touched Huck’s clothes, he heard a cold sneer.

“Too slow!”

Before Squirrel Pond realized what had happened, his hand was already firmly gripped by Huck. The moment he was about to pretend to be a drunkard and shout loudly, an ice dagger had already arrived at his neck. The dagger cut into the skin and left a shallow cut. Pond was really scared and began to sweat. Afterwards, as if treating a chick, Huck covered his mouth before carrying Pond into a shadow beside the alley, a place where nobody would see.

“Take us to see your boss. We want to see him!” Huck, the manly guy, seemed to be not that patient as he threw Pond directly onto the ground and spoke in a straightforward manner.

“I don’t know what are you talking about! I am… ah…” With his mouth covered, Pond couldn’t make a sound. Feeling a cold sensation on his right hand, he lowered his head and saw what had happened to hand. What he found was the main artery on his right wrist had been slit open, causing his blood to pour out like a fountain. The wound looked like a mouth of a beast and had almost scared Pond to death.

“You have less than ten minutes before your run out of blood!” Snade smirked at Pond while playing with his dagger.

“Our boss is Bres, a LV 6 Black Spider. Besides him, we have more than ten brothers. If you dare to offend us, you will regret it…” Pond shouted loudly. However, he didn’t notice the look of disdain on Huck’s face.

“Probably, but you only have two choices now — wait here for your death or lead us to your boss who can save you…” Snade casually explained.

……

Half an hour later in the gang’s base near the railway station of the Blackhot City, Huck and Snade were surrounded by more than ten gang members with weapons in hand. The battle Qi of Bres was tumbling as the hazy shadow of a two-meter tall black spider stood behind him. Excited, every member of the gang looked at Bres with admiration, including Pond, who was under the foot of Huck and was pinching the artery that had been slit on his right hand. A LV 6 fighter who had condensed battle Qi was powerful enough to lead the gang members and allow them to have a good life near the railway station of Blackhot City. He was powerful enough to tear apart anyone who dared to challenge the gang.

“What will we do?” Huck asked Snade.

“You two, I’ve told you that our gang doesn’t have that black-haired kid nor is there such a pickpocket near the railway station. However, since you have wounded our member, you should consider how you’re going to explain this to us! It’s too late to regret now!” Bres smirked. Waving his hand, a group of gang fighters drew close to Huck and Snade with vicious expressions.

“Kill them all. Since they’ve seen us, it would be troublesome if any one of them escaped!” Snade said.

Hearing this, Bres roared furiously and shot towards Huck’s head. At the same time, all the other members jumped on Huck and Snade with their weapons.

Huck then directly stepped on Pond’s head, breaking it like a watermelon. He then punched towards Bres’ fist. The moment Bres touched Huck’s fist, his face turned pale as he saw a huge shadow appeared immediately behind Huck. Different from his black spider, the shadow behind Huck was a huge centipede with numerous legs.

“One-thousand legged centipede — LV 7 fighter! That’s impossible…” Bres exclaimed in fright. The moment the two fists collided, Bres’s entire arm was fully broken. Huck’s fist then broke through Bres’ chest and exited from his back.

With only a single move, the pillar of the gang had suddenly collapsed. The members of the gang didn’t even respond to what had happened. When they realized what had happened, they immediately threw away their weapons and escaped towards the gate.

Snade avoided the incoming weapons by twisting his body like a snake and instantly appeared behind the two escaping gang members. He gently slit his dagger through their necks like a poisonous snake spitting his tongue. Before the two fell down, Snade had already appeared beside several other gang members and had slit their necks almost at the same time. After several flashes, starting from the ones who had attacked Snade first, every one of the members, including the ones who were the furthest away from Snade at distance of seven steps, stood still as they started to spray blood from their necks as if they were fountains. Then, they almost all fell down at the same time.

All of this took less than five breaths. The only things that remained were the two who stood in the courtyard and the blood stench that started to spread.

“How do we deal with these bodies?” Huck asked Snade as if killing a large amount of people was just a trivial matter.

At this moment, Snade was immersed in licking the blood on his dagger. “Let’s deal with bodies now. We have to make sure that nobody finds them for at least two days!”

“Why not burn them right away?”

“Those people in that bar saw us tonight. Unless we kill them all tonight, people from the bar would definitely think that we are related to this incident. However, if we set a fire here two days later, nobody would think that way!” Snade explained in a cautious and experienced way.

“As they always appeared close to the railway station, they must have plundered a lot of things and collected them here. Let’s search for them. We may get some good things if we are lucky. As for that black-haired kid that dared to run in the street neighboring the railway station, he must be very familiar with this place and always frequents here. We’d better stay nearby the railway station for the next couple of days and capture him when we see him!”

“What if we can’t find him?”

“If we can’t find him within one week, we’d better escape from the Andaman Alliance as well as from the Blackson Human Clan Corridor as far as possible. We’d better not be found by the heads of our organization; otherwise, we would die miserably!” Snade said calmly.

“Fine!”

……

One hour later, Huck and Snade left the base of the gang and had even locked it from the outside, fabricating the image that nobody was inside. They believed that nobody would dare to break inside within a short period considering the terrifying power of the gang. Two days later, they could absolutely eliminate them all simply through fire, leaving no evidence. Nobody would expect that the gang had already been killed two days before the fire.

“A gang? Is that worth something?” When they left the base of the gang, Huck spat towards it.

……

During that period when the gang was wiped out, Zhang Tie was igniting his Shrine burning point. He didn’t realize that he had been involved in such a huge crisis over such an ordinary wooden plate.

Zhang Tie only felt that his whole life was filled with hope and he would have a bright future…



* * *





Chapter 46




In fact, for a long time, Zhang Tie had always felt overwhelmed due to the pressure of this age. No matter how hard he worked, he felt as if he was just a small tree leaf that fell into the torrent, unable to control the direction of his life. He felt powerless and unable to change anything in this age. He couldn’t make Miss Daina fall in love with him and neither could he stop his parents from feeling miserable over their deceased eldest son. Sometimes, he would even think of terrible scenes related to the people he was closest to. In those scenes, he was also powerless; he had no other choice but to struggle in vain, unable to even shout.

That night, Zhang Tie slept very well. It was almost the sweetest sleep he has ever had. The Leakless Fruit did not only ignite Zhang Tie’s Shrine burning point, but it had also ignited Zhang Tie’s hope for a better life.

As usual, a bit after 6:00 am, Zhang Tie’s biological clock woke him up. Opening his eyes, Zhang Tie stared at the spinous roof and felt unprecedentedly alive. Probably from one of the benefits of having ignited his Shrine burning point yesterday, he felt much better today, contrasting greatly from the soreness and pain he felt all over his body the day before. Besides one or two places on his body that were still sore, Zhang Tie had basically already recovered.

I am now a LV 1 fighter! Zhang Tie mumbled to the mirror in his room as he smiled at it. By then, Zhang Tie instantly felt energetic. He made some fighting gestures and felt much stronger than before. This feeling was really cool.

Quickly putting on his clothes, he rushed downstairs to wash his face and brush his teeth. He then started a fire to make breakfast for the whole family. Before his mom woke up, Zhang Tie had already gained a point of merit value and had already wolfed down some porridge. Seeing his mom walking out of her bedroom with sleepy eyes, Zhang Tie rushed forward and kissed her on her face. “Mom, I’m heading for school…” He then ran out extremely quickly, leaving his mom staring in a daze at home. “What’s making him so excited?”

After igniting his Shrine burning point, on his way from home to school, Zhang Tie could feel an obvious improvement to his physique. In the past, it would take him almost 40 minutes by foot to get to school from his house. Surprisingly, it only took him slightly more than 10 minutes this time. Although he was somewhat tired, he also felt much better at the same time.

As expected, Zhang Tie was naturally the earliest one to arrive from his grade once again. Checking the neighboring classrooms to ensure that there was no one waiting in ambush first, he then started to clean all the desks and chairs in his classroom to earn another 3 points of merit value. Afterwards, he ran outside the classroom and entered the washroom. He then wandered around the training ground and the small woods for a while before slowly returning to his classroom while humming a song.

Naturally, when those horny students found that their desks and chairs had been cleaned again, they began to discuss about it once more. It was almost described as a supernatural event. Hearing their discussions, Zhang Tie started to carefully consider different ways to discreetly earn merit value in the future. This method would not work again. He had to find another way to earn merit value in public places. Zhang Tie started to think about the tips on merit value in the Castle of Black Iron.

Do good deeds and eliminate evil——the largest mercy in the Human World;

Worship the gods and love the people——the nearest stairway to heaven;

Lucky people, please show the mercy of the creator to the secular world, so that the gods understand you;

Please receive the most sincere pleasures and appreciation presented to you by the hundreds of millions of living beings;

Just as ideas began to emerge within his mind, Barley walked up to him.

Seeing Barley, Zhang Tie faintly felt that what he did to the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood yesterday was really motherf*cking foolish. As Donder had told him, if he was just vicious and decisive enough, he would see a completely different result.

Before Zhang Tie greeted this fatty, the fatty had already cracked a big smile and walked right in front of Zhang Tie. Lowering his body, he muttered to Zhang Tie lightly, “We brotherhood members have something to talk to you about after class!”

After Barley, all the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, including Bagdad, Doug, Hista, Sharwin, and Leit, arrived. Surprisingly, these guys looked friendlier than usual. Grinning as they exposed their front teeth, they smiled innocently at Zhang Tie, making him feel really embarrassed. Instinctively, Zhang Tie lowered his head to check the zipper on his trousers…

“Here comes Miss Daina!” a horny student shouted out loudly. Then, everybody in the classroom, including Zhang Tie, rushed to the windows and peered at the sexy figure passing through. Enjoying the view of the magnificent breasts, all the horny students considered it to be the most beautiful scenery in the world.

Every window of the classroom was crowded with people enjoying the view of Miss Daina’s figure. The classroom was filled with the sound of people swallowing saliva when the teacher of the first history class entered the classroom.

As the most carefree class at school, the teachers would always freely talk about various topics ranging from knowledge and major historical events before the Catastrophe to mysterious legends in the Age of Black Iron. Everything could be mentioned in history class. Although some of the knowledge seemed meaningless, they had actually expanded Zhang Tie’s horizon. All the information Zhang Tie knew about the human world before the Catastrophe was mostly from the history class. Some of the horny students in the class were not interested in the contents of the natural history class in the least, thus they would usually sleep during each class. In comparison, Zhang Tie would always listen to each history class very carefully. In today’s class, the teacher taught about the exploration of the universe by the human race. At that time, human beings had launched a machine that flew even faster than sound. They started to explore the two moons circling the Kun’ang Continent. It was said that they realized a major discovery during that exploration; however, commoners were not privy to this information in the least, as the human ruler did not disclose this information to the public. Therefore, even now, no one else knew what they had found. To be able to enable those metal machines to fly into the moons was a really amazing thing. Zhang Tie really longed for it and started to imagine it in the classroom.

After the bell rang, Barley glanced at Zhang Tie. They then went out of the classroom with the rest of the members from the Hit-Plane Brotherhood and arrived at a corner of a small garden under the teaching building.

“Bighead, we called you here to tell you one thing!” Barley said to Zhang Tie solemnly. “Do these guys want to beat me up? No, it doesn’t seem like it.” Zhang Tie felt gloomy. “What’s up?”

“We brotherhood members don’t agree with you leaving!”

“Don’t you know that I have caused a big incident at school?” looking directly into the fatty’s bandit-sharp eyes, Zhang Tie decided to explain it to them all.

“You mean you have offended Glaze’s group?” crossing his arms, Bagdad said calmly. “They broke the rules first, so if they dare to give our brother trouble, then we’ll fight them to the death!”

“That’s right!” Doug put his big palm onto Zhang Tie’s shoulder. “Trust us, bro. You have us. Don’t worry, we will help you through this trouble. We are very proud to be your brothers!”

“Do they have one more d*ck than us?” Hista started to thrust his waist before placing his hand on Zhang Tie’s shoulder.

“In the worst case scenario, we can set them up!” Hista added viciously. Right then, another hand appeared on Zhang Tie’s shoulder.

“It’s nothing serious to be beaten together with you!” Shrugging his shoulders, Sharwin put one of his hand onto Zhang Tie’s shoulder.

“This is our decision about you leaving!” Barley smirked obscenely as he placed his hand on Zhang Tie’s shoulder. “Don’t forget that I will take you there for you to be a real man! How could you leave at the critical moment?” Everybody placed their hands on Zhang Tie’s shoulders unconsciously. They did this to encourage Zhang Tie. However, they finally realized that Bagdad was still coldly standing at a distance. Everyone set their eyes on their black buddy. Feeling somewhat isolated, Bagdad also stretched out one hand and placed it onto Zhang Tie’s shoulder. Thus, by then, standing at the center, Zhang Tie was surrounded by six brothers, each of whom had placed one of their hands onto Zhang Tie’s shoulder or back. The whole scene was religious to some degree. All of a sudden, the youths felt as if they were doing something holy, and their hearts started to pound heavily.

“You bastards!” Zhang Tie abruptly felt like crying. At that moment, he felt very powerful. The source of his power didn’t originate from his Shrine burning point but from that pounding heart. He felt like he had nothing to fear in this world anymore.

Returning to the classroom once again, the group of seven sat close to each other, feeling different from before. Yet, they couldn’t figure out why. Every member of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood seemed stronger and more dauntless than before. They felt a sense of interdependence deep in their hearts. That was really amazing…

Fatty was also smiling as he felt that the brotherhood had become different from before. It was great! Previously, the seven of them were just like seven parts bundled together. Now, Barley felt that the seven parts had already been activated and had spontaneously already formed into a more powerful part, causing him to feel reassured. Stroking his mustache, Barley recalled the scene where the members had placed their hands on Zhang Tie’s shoulders and back. It increasingly felt like it was a holy ceremony for the Hit-Plane Brotherhood. If anyone else wanted to join the brotherhood, it seemed that he could test them through that religious ceremony…



* * *





Chapter 47




“This is your final history class and my last class before retirement. After this class, I will retire officially…” the teacher said to the students at the beginning of the second morning class. Hearing this news, the whole classroom turned quiet. Even Zhang Tie could not imagine that this was the last class for the teacher. Since he entered the Seventh Male Middle School, he seemed to have gotten used to this gray-haired old man who would enter and leave the classroom quietly. He never thought that the senior would bid farewell to them on the rostrum. The moment the teacher delivered the news, even the fellows sleeping in the classroom seemed to become awake. They gaped at him and felt reluctant for his will-be retirement.

“Are you really going, teacher…” a guy in the front row poured out what the other students were thinking in their hearts.

“I am already very old, and I have also served Blackhot City for a long time. It’s the right time for me to retire!” The old man showed a friendly smile. “I know what you are worried about. As long as the city walls of Blackhot City aren’t broken by the alien forces, my pension would be enough for me to live the rest of my life in peace. And you guys are the ones who will ensure that the city walls will stand firm forever, not me. That’s why, whether I will live a peaceful life or not after retirement will depend on you! In today’s final history class, I will talk to you about my experiences and knowledge of what I’ve seen that is required to be a powerful man who can protect the human race.”

Hearing the final sentence, everybody’s spirit rose. All the students sat straight instantly and stared at this revered old man with reluctant expressions.

The old man was then silent. Pulling out a small, ordinary snail shell and two pine cones from his pocket, he passed them to the front row and let the students observe them one by one. After one minute, the snail shell and the two pine cones had been passed through the hands of every student. Nobody found anything special with them, including Zhang Tie who had thoroughly checked it for a couple of seconds but was unable to find anything.

“Do you guys notice anything special about the snail shell and the two pine cones?” the old man asked. Everybody shook their heads.

“You should know that the secret for the average human to become stronger is hidden within these ordinary things! We all know that people should always be trying to ignite their burning points to improve their strength, and we also know that human fighters are classified at different levels. Some people are LV 5, some are LV 6, some are LV7, and there are even some who have reached LV 10 or higher. However, who classified our fighters? Are those classifications made by the big figures in the Fighters Union?”

Zhang Tie was startled, as he had always thought that the standards were created by the big figures. It wasn’t made by them?

“Of course not, no one is entitled the right to create the standard in which billions of commoners and powerful figures pursue!”

“Teacher, then who made the standard?”

“The person who created it wasn’t a human being — but a god or the laws of the great universe!”

Hearing his words, the whole classroom became bustling.

“Those standards were not made especially for the human clan, but for everything in this universe. The snail shell and the two pine cones I have shown you also follows the standard, but you didn’t notice them!” Afterwards, the old man drew two patterns on the blackboard using a piece of chalk. One was a spiral curve that was similar to a snail shell, while the other was some crisscrossed lines that were similar to the pine cones.

Then, the old man turned around. “How many burning points do we need to ignite to become a LV 1 fighter?”

“One! We only need to ignite the Shrine burning point...” the students replied in unison. The old man then drew a square in the center of the square shell in a way that the spiral curve went through the two opposite corners of the square...

“What about LV 2”

“It’s also one. We just need to ignite the burning point on the tail bone of the spine!”

The old man expanded the pattern and drew another square of the same size.

“What about LV 3?”

“Just ignite two burning points on the spine!”

This time, the old man double the length of the side of the square.

“What about LV 4?”

“Three!”

“LV 5?”

“Five!”

“LV 6?”

“Eight…”

The spiral curve was gradually wrapped by squares with side lengths that increased proportionally. Finally, when the old man asked how many burning points needed to be ignited to reach LV 10, nobody in the class could reply. Fighters above LV 10 were an amazing existence that the horny students could not imagine at all. For them, the world of fighters above LV 10 was as far as the Catastrophe itself...

Instead of mocking them, the teacher wrote down a series of numbers —1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34… — along with their corresponding levels, 1 - LV 1 to 34 - LV 9. Finally, he turned around and looked at students with shining eyes. “Have you ever figured out a law among those numbers?”

After staring at those numbers for a while, someone finally realized. “Each number is the addition of the previous two!”

“What else?”

Looking at number sequence, something in Zhang Tie’s mind seemed to burst forth; however, Zhang Tie wasn’t able to figure it out.

“Why not divide the next by the earlier and figure out the law among them?”

As the horny students had learned the basics of math, they lowered their heads and started to calculate the results. The first result was 1, the second result was 0.5, the third result was 0.66666…, the fourth result was 0.6, the fifth result was, 0.625, the sixth result was 0.61538..., the seventh result was 0.619047, and the either result was 0.617647...

“Have you noticed that the numbers are infinitely close to 0.618?” the teacher poured out the truth, enlightening all the students. Yea, how could that be?

“To reach LV 1, one needs to ignite one burning point, while the human body has 33 vertebrae on the spine. When one ignites all the burning points on the spine, they would reach LV 9. Strict standards have been made for reaching each higher level. Likewise, you can calculate by yourself how many more burning points you need to ignite to become a LV 10 fighter. 55! Yes! What’s next? 89! The number would grow geometrically in a terrifying way. That explained why the higher the levels were, the greater the differences would be, and this sequence…” the old man turned around and pointed at those numbers on the blackboard, “...is called Leonardo Fibonacci Sequence, which was the Golden Sequence that contained numerous secrets discovered by a human mathematician named Leonardo Fibonacci hundreds of years before the Catastrophe. It contains the universal law and the law of the creator. Look at the spirals on the right and left of the pine cones. Have you noticed that the smaller one has 5 lines on the left and 8 on the right, while the bigger one has 8 on the left and 13 on the right? The numbers 5, 8, and 13 directly correspond to the Fibonacci Sequence. You can check the squares on this snail shell curve. You will then understand the relationship between this curve and this sequence of numbers — the Fibonacci Curve or Golden Ratio. The curve is the geometric pattern of this sequence. You can find this relationship on most living begins. If you take a look at nature and the things beside you, you will find more examples. For instance, there are two groups of spirals inside the flower disc of a sunflower, and the corresponding numbers are 34 and 55, 55 and 89, 89 and 144. Similarly, you can get the same result in roses and thistle leaves. After the Catastrophe, people discovered the secrets to practice cultivation from the underground ruins and realized that all the improvement and cultivation that the human race were doing were in accordance with the Golden Ratio and the Fibonacci Sequence. Even all other living beings evolve along this curve. As the curve and the number sequence is the reflection of the universal law, fighters that didn’t evolve in line with this curve and the number sequence would never be considered strong by the standards of all the humans and the powerful figures...”

Hearing the explanation, all the horny students had their eyes opened, including Zhang Tie. Previously, he only knew that he had to ignite different numbers of burning points to reach higher levels; however, he didn’t know why and had never put thought into it. Whereas at that moment, Zhang Tie finally understood that all the secrets were hidden in the universal law in the golden spiral and that number sequence.

“Teacher, what’s the highest level after LV 10?” raising his hand, Bagdad asked.

“Even now, nobody knows the answer to this question because what comes after LV 10 is one of the most confidential secrets in any place. Knowledge after LV 10 is top secret. The most important reason being that the golden number sequence is endless as it constantly develops and gets increasing closer to the perfect number, 0.618. It has been less than 900 years since human beings stepped onto the road of cultivation in accordance with the golden spiral and have started to explore the treasures within their own body. In contrast, the universe has already existed for tens of billions of years. This means that we human beings have just started on the golden spiral. Before the Catastrophe, people were always proud of themselves. At that time, they treated themselves as the lord of the universe and everything else. However, after the Catastrophe, humankind started to realize that the human clan was just a trivial member among the numerous clans in the vacant universe and the Kun’ang Continent. The human body and human civilization might even have regressed instead of further evolving over a long period of time before the Catastrophe. When it was no longer able to regress even further, the Catastrophe and the Star of God arrived and all the rules were rewritten. People also discovered the secrets hidden within their body that would aid them in survival, leading them back onto the path of evolution. The Age of Black Iron — the end of the past and the beginning of the future...”

In the final history class, the teacher opened an unprecedented window for them which really broadened their view. For the remaining time in the class, all the horny students manually calculated the numbers in the Golden Sequence.

1，1，2，3，5，8，13，21，34，55，89，144，233，377，610，987，1597…

Zhang Tie gaped when he got to the 17th number in the Golden Sequence. He couldn’t believe his eyes when his line of sight fell onto the last seven numbers. “Is this the number of burning points needed to be ignited after LV 10…” Zhang Tie was really shocked.



* * *





Chapter 48




At the end of the last history class, under the order of the on-duty class-monitor, Zhang Tie and the other students stood up and hammered their right hand onto their left chest in a show of respect to the teacher. The number sequence was something that they had never heard about. Zhang Tie considered the number sequence to be a form of mysterious knowledge, one which could not be easily obtained by commoners.

“An extremely strong human fighter should not only have overwhelming power on the battlefield; more importantly, they should have a pair of sharp eyes that are able to discern the sources of power that make him strong like the laws of nature and the universe. Through my classes, I hope that everyone of you will finally have a pair of these sharp eyes!”

After saying that, the old man left in his usual calm manner under the silent gaze of all the horny students.

Knowing that they would soon graduate, the teacher decided to give his blessings to everyone in his last class.

……

When the class was over, Zhang Tie leaned against the walls in the corridor and stared at the plants in the parterre under the stairs. The horny students couldn’t help but rush downstairs to count the number of petals on the roses in an attempt to test the mysterious number sequence.

Thinking of the last history class today and perhaps even the last one for the rest of his life, Zhang Tie felt slightly dejected.

“That man is very respectable…” said Bagdad. Without Zhang Tie noticing, the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood had already gotten close to him. “The relationship between the Fibonacci Sequence and the Golden Spiral and the relationship between the level of a fighter and numerous things in nature are definitely some form of mysterious knowledge. I have talked about this topic with some of his former students, and even they didn’t know about the relationships and its secrets. The old man probably poured out this mysterious knowledge because this is his final history class...”

“Mind your own business! LV 10... I have never seen a LV 10 fighter at all. If there was a member above LV 6 among us, we would have nothing to fear at all. I’ve heard that Glaze’s dad is a LV 6 Black Spider!” Hista said languidly.

Waving his fist fiercely, Bagdad gloomily said, “I will definitely reach LV 6!”

“Let’s solve our trouble first! I feel like some guys are giving us some very unfriendly looks!”

Along the direction Leit pointed at, they found Glaze’s group staring at them furiously on the other side of the corridor. Zhang Tie was evidently their target. Even when they had noticed that the brotherhood of seven turned to them at the same time, they didn’t spare them a single glance; they only looked at Zhang Tie. When Zhang Tie noticed them, Zuhair, one of Glaze’s most devoted followers, made an aggressive and menacing gesture of slitting his throat with a thumb toward Zhang Tie.

“Leit, you’re wrong. They’re not looking at us, they’re looking at Bighead. We’re being ignored!” Sharwin said languidly.

“What the f*ck. We are the Hit-Plane Brotherhood. Those bastards dare to provoke us? On the count of ‘1 2 3’, let’s go send them a greeting from our brotherhood, so they’ll stop ignoring us,” Barley suggested to the side. Then he started to count, “Come. 1… 2… 3... F*ck you…”

After the countdown, the group of seven, including Zhang Tie, raised their middle fingers towards Glaze’s group, causing the expression of Glaze’s group to suddenly become twisted. Doug had also turned around and pulled down his trousers before starting to slap his butt. He then turned around and started to stroke his little brother as he faced them. Seeing Doug’s actions, all the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood started to laugh loudly, frightening the people around them…

By the third class, the news of the two groups clashing and mutually provoking each other in the corridor had already been spread through the whole grade. Many people had already prepared to see what would happen. Zhang Tie’s group had also prepared to fight with Glaze’s group at noon or after lunch. Thinking of how they would be accompanied by six other brothers if they were fiercely beaten by the other group and sent to lay in the hospital, the group of seven looked extremely righteous and dauntless.

“If Glaze’s group dares to provoke us at noon, we’ll f*ck them up fiercely. Bagdad, you are the strongest one among us, so you’ll be responsible for Glaze when we fight. Leit and I will be responsible for Sharon, Bighead and Hista will be responsible for Zuhair, and Doug and Sharwin will be responsible for Garner. Except for Bagdad, the six of us will form into three groups. Any group that cleared their target will go support Bagdad. Once we solve the problem of Glaze's three followers, we will fight Glaze together. No matter what, even if we are beaten fiercely, we have to at least bite off some flesh from Glaze. If anyone dares to bully our brother, we will f*ck them up…” Fatty arranged the tactics with the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood in the classroom after the third class. Nobody showed any disagreement. Zhang Tie had originally planned to fight Glaze alone, as he had already been promoted to LV 1. Through last night’s “skeleton rearrangement”, Zhang Tie felt a bit more powerful than even Bagdad, regardless of the difference in muscles. However, seeing that ambitious mood of Bagdad, Zhang Tie didn’t say anything. He wouldn’t be able to explain how he had ignited his Shrine burning point so fast anyways.

In the fourth class, Zhang Tie didn’t listen to what the teacher taught at all. Instead, he recovered his composure and focused his attention on his belly, which gave off a warm and comfortable feeling after having ignited the Shrine burning point. Along with this comfortable feeling, he felt an energetic wave slowly spreading throughout all his muscles and bones. The Shrine burning point was like a marvelous, small door in his body that had been pushed open. Ever since the door was open, something strange was floating from the door. This explained why a common LV 1 fighter could defeat most ordinary soldiers. The ignition of the Shrine burning point indicated that physical abilities and functions of that person have started to improve. As the history teacher said, once one had ignited their Shrine burning point, they would be standing at the starting line of evolution in accordance to the Golden Spiral, which represented the laws of the universe and the creator. The difference between a LV 1 fighter and an ordinary fighter was similar to the difference between a fighter standing on the starting line and the spectator who was watching the race outside the runway. In most cases, the spectators in the audience outside the runway would hardly be able to catch up with someone who was already on the starting line when the race began…

“I am already a LV 1 fighter. Only one level away from Glaze,” Zhang Tie constantly reminded himself in the classroom and became increasingly confident.

Class was finally over. Seeing the others rushing towards the cafeteria, the group of seven stayed behind.

“Are you ready?” Barley asked. According to the tradition in the Male Middle School, whenever two groups held aggression toward each other, they would fight on the same day, usually at noon or in the afternoon when class was over. The small woods beside the cafeteria was always the best place to fight or solve personal affairs.

Everybody nodded.

“Do you remember your targets?”

Everybody nodded again.

“It’s a good day for us to be famous in school. Come on, let’s go!” Fatty waved his hands heroically. Then, the group of seven walked out of the classroom, brimming with confidence.

“Erm… could you please wait for me for a second…” Doug said sadly with a flushed face.

“What’s wrong?” Sharwin asked as his nose turned red. “The fight will start soon”.

“My stomach isn’t feeling too well, I’d like to use the washroom!” saying that, Doug’s face was almost lowered all the way to the crotch of his trousers. “It… might have been breakfast… and… the pulling-down of my trousers just now… I have a stomachache. It’s really hard to stand it, and I don’t think I can stand it any longer. I think if I don’t solve it right now, it will weaken our total battle force…”The other six gaped at each other. Fatty opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something; however, in the end, he replied dejectedly, “Hurry up, we will wait for you to return!”

Everybody waited outside the washroom for ten minutes. When Doug finally came out, he looked much more energetic; however, the morale of the other six had already weakened from 90% to 60%.

“Come on, let’s finish lunch first. Though, we probably won’t get enough plates today…” Barley weakly waved his hand.

Nevertheless, when Zhang Tie’s group arrived at the cafeteria, they could not believe their eyes. Surrounded by hundreds of furious students, Glaze’s group looked really scared. At the same time, someone from the same grade was standing on a dining table and was instigating those horny students to fight them...



* * *





Chapter 49




“Bros, are you willing to suffer from their oppression like this? Are we scared of them just because Glaze is a LV 2 fighter? Are they more dangerous than the wild beasts that we will meet outside the city walls in a week? If we dare to risk our lives to face the challenges outside the walls, then why are you afraid of them?” Standing on a dining table, a man was provoking the others as he used his limbs to make gestures. As a result, the horny students in the cafeteria became increasingly excited. He then continued, “Those who are being bullied by them, do you dare to show up? Those who don’t want to be bullied by them, do you dare to show up? They are only four people, yet we have at least 400. Why should we fear them? Why should we be bullied by them? Once we unite with each other, we will definitely have no reason to fear them. Can they withstand our siege? Let’s drive those bastards away from the cafeteria and never let them in before graduation. From today onwards, once they dare to take revenge on one of us, we will take revenge on them together with even more intensity. Are you willing to unite with me and drive these boring guys away from the cafeteria? Come on, men from the Seventh National Male Middle School, pluck up your courage! Miss Daina is watching us…”

Being incited, the horny students became really excited. Those who were bullied by Glaze became even more excited.

“F*ck ‘em to death…”

“F*ck those bastards…”

“F*ck ‘em to death…”

“It’s time to end this…”

“F*ck…”

Everybody in the cafeteria became excited and gradually moved towards Glaze’s group.

Zhang Tie and Barley looked at each other for a while before Barley said, “Let’s f*ck ’em together with the other students…” Thinking for a while, Zhang Tie nodded. Then, the seven members of the brotherhood glanced at each other and nodded.

Seeing the student provoking others on the dining table, Zhang Tie suddenly understood Donder’s proverb—“a soft tongue could break hard bones”.

However, before Zhang Tie was able to put in much thought into it, Bagdad had already rushed forward and kicked Sharon onto the ground, resulting in all the horny students no longer able to wait as they immediately surged forward with furious growls. A chaotic battle started…

When the students surged forward toward Glaze’s group, Zhang Tie swept his gaze at the common looking boy who stood on the table and noticed a flash of a smile at that moment. Zhang Tie became a bit uncomfortable when he realized that Miss Daina’s promise was used by someone to provoke others.

In fact, if a LV 2 fighter was afraid of fighting back, he would soon be defeated by a group of green birds who didn’t even reach LV 1. If Glaze were to fight them without any restraints, then the other students would have to pay a considerable price. Glaze was not a fool. Although he would stop someone from leaving and beat them fiercely after school, he didn’t dare to cripple a group of furious students. He knew that if he did that, what awaited him would not simply be lashes. Even his dad wouldn’t be able to settle his punishment.

Bench press: 290kg;

Deep squat: 380kg;

Maximum explosiveness of right fist: 510kg;

Maximum explosiveness of left fist: 340kg;

Maximum explosiveness of leg: 780kg;

Resistance: 13;

At this moment, Glaze could only try his best to protect Sharon, Zuhair, and Garnier while dozens of punches and kicks came from all directions. Glaze’s group suffered greatly; with the exception of Glaze, his three followers cried miserably.

When Bagdad surged forward and started this whole mess, the other six members of the brotherhood were unable to push inside at all. As a result, they could only watch the awkward state of Glaze’s group through the thick wall of people.

Finally, Glaze was no longer able to withstand it after having been kicked in the face and belly several times. He no longer had any choice. With a furious growl, he rushed towards several people behind him and escaped from the cafeteria with Sharon and his two other peers.

“We’ve chased them away... We have won…” Seeing Glaze’s group escaping the cafeteria, all the horny students became ecstatic…

On the Friday one week before graduation, an insignificant student named Burwick immediately became famous within the Seventh National Male Middle School for completely defeating Glaze’s group. Additionally, in the same afternoon, the physique test revealed that Burwick had already ignited his Shrine burning point, indicating that he was already a LV 1 fighter. This sudden revelation shocked everyone, as this would make him the second strongest fighter after Glaze among the undergraduates. Although Glaze was one level higher than Burwick in terms of physique and fighting strength, everybody knew that Glaze’s time in the spotlight has passed. After the two events in the past two days, Glaze had lost all face in front of the other students. The day before, he was whipped by Captain Kerlin. Today, he was beaten by all the other horny students very fiercely. As a result, he was like a mouse passing the street that was beaten by every passer-by at school.

In the past, everybody would be in awe at Glaze’s performance in the training grounds every Friday afternoon and would admire his records as well. However, today, although Glaze was still unparalleled in those physical aspects and in fighting strength, he could only hear sounds of dislike and ridicule. For the whole afternoon, Glaze looked dejected and kept silent. As he listened to other people admiring Burwick, he casted a hateful look at Zhang Tie from time to time.

Noticing Glaze’s furious glare, Zhang Tie became gradually alert and tried to be low-keyed. Zhang Tie faintly felt that the hatred between him and Glaze was deepening.

In the afternoon, Zhang Tie was very low-key. In every assessment, he tried and performed as he usually would, though he had spared some effort. After having ignited the Shrine burning point, his physique was greatly enhanced in all aspects, and this was especially seen in the 100m dash. In the past, Zhang Tie had always spent a gargantuan amount of effort, only to get a poor mark in the end; however, this time, the result was completely different. The moment he heard the whistle, Zhang Tie had surged forward like an arrow. Surprisingly, his explosiveness and speed were obviously higher than before. He felt extremely nimble and soon rushed ahead of the others; however, glancing back at the people beside him, Zhang Tie slowed down and eventually finished in 6th place. Although he received no mark this time, as usual, he felt very satisfied with his result. Since he had spared some effort this time, Zhang Tie clearly knew that he would be able to break through 11 seconds if he tried. The marks of his other items under Zhang Tie’s deliberate control were as follows:

Bench Press——140kg

Lifting force in deep squat——180kg

Explosiveness of Fists——Right Fist: 260kg; Left Fist: 200kg

Maximum Kicking Explosiveness of the Legs——320kg

Maximum Continual Armor-Breaking Spikes——52

The results from his tests were the same as usual. Aside from Zhang Tie himself, no one else was concerned about his results. Although it was a bit better than before, it did not attract any attention.

“This way, people won’t be suspicious,” Zhang Tie mocked himself. What had happened today led Zhang Tie to deeply understand the truth—in this age when everyone was striving for their own survival, one should remember to avoid being the target for anyone no matter where one was, as one would never know who was closeby and wanted to beat them to death. Glaze’s failure was caused by his arrogance. Even as a LV 2 fighter, the proud guy was marked as a loser during his last two weeks at school. In contrast, nobody had noticed Burwick before this incident at all. He took this opportunity to climb above Glaze, becoming the new star of the school...

“Compared to Burwick, Glaze is just an idiot!” Barley said to Zhang Tie under the shade of a tree during the afternoon break. “That guy took advantage of what had happened to you yesterday and what had happened to our brotherhood this morning. He really seized the overwhelming opportunity to cause trouble to Glaze’s group. I suspect that that guy has always been waiting for an opportunity to use the animosity towards Glaze to attack him and to use Glaze’s threats to unite the others. This guy was actually that terrifying. He hid the fact that he was a LV 1 fighter. This guy is actually not as open-hearted and righteous as he looked; he is actually really dangerous—you have to be careful around him!”

Zhang Tie nodded and recalled the smile that flashed on Burwick’s face when the others surged forward to attack Glaze’s group…

Afterwards, bustling sounds reverberated from a few steps away. Without even looking, Zhang Tie naturally knew that the exclamations were for Burwick. Being surrounded by a great amount of people, Burwick was showing his obvious physical advantage as a LV 1 fighter over common soldiers. At the same time, a great amount of horny students were shouting in amazement.

That afternoon, besides Burwick, Bagdad also became eye-attractive by hitting Glaze’s group…



* * *





Chapter 50




Nothing special happened on that weekend.

On Friday afternoon after school, Zhang Tie went to the lowest level of the Iron Thorns Fighting Club again to be a flesh-bag; however, it was different from two days ago. Zhang Tie, who had already become a LV 1 fighter, could easily deal with Andrew Benet’s attacks. Sometimes, Zhang Tie could even control the rhythm of attacks from that kid, purposely allowing some of his attacks to connect on specific parts of his body. Of course, Zhang Tie would pretend to be kicked over by that kid to satisfy his vanity. Whenever he was knocked over, he would always stand up before saying, “Come on, baby”. As a result, that kid would always charge toward him with red eyes.

This job of being a training partner was seen as a hard job to many people; however, for Zhang Tie, it gradually turned into an interesting game—he would receive payment to accelerate the growth of the Iron Body Fruit. Through constantly being beaten up, Zhang Tie had also noticed that his fighting skills had improved. He was able to respond to his opponent’s attacks faster than before and could more accurately identify the opponent’s attacking intention. As the party that was on the side of purely being beaten, Zhang Tie would sometimes even take control of the rhythm of the battle.

“That one-eyed man really helped me a lot!” Zhang Tie felt happy inside.

As Zhang Tie hadn’t been knocked out from the past couple of times and had performed better than before, he felt that his standing in the fighting club had improved. At the very least, the two bastards from the equipment room would no longer mock or place bets on whether he would be knocked out again. Additionally, when he left the Iron Thorns Fighting Club, Director Beck had even encouraged him to work harder and settled his weekly payment of 3 silver and 40 copper coins. This marks the first time Zhang Tie had earned money.

Zhang Tie tightly held onto the coins in his pockets on his way home. When he arrived at his house, he realized that the coins had already become hot. Handing over the coins to his mom, Zhang Tie felt extremely satisfied at the sight of her amazed expression. In the end, his mom only took two silver coins and said she would store them away for Zhang Tie, leaving the rest as his pocket money. This was the first time he contributed to his family through his own efforts, causing him to be filled with pleasure and pride.

On Saturday, as usual, Zhang Tie helped his mom make rice brew at home; however, it was different this time. This time, his sister-in-law joined them, thus Zhang Tie felt that it was much easier than before since he had less to do. His sister-in-law was diligent and clever. She was someone who excelled at housework and had a good reputation in the neighborhood. Since her arrival at their place, she had also gradually become accepted by the Zhang’s family.

Watching his mom teach his sister-in-law how to make rice brew, Zhang Tie became dejected. His mom was growing old, yet he only had a little time left to accompany her...

The lives of commoners always had its ups and downs. On the same Saturday, Zhang Tie found that the price of rice had once again increased when he arrived at the rice store with his ugly three-wheeler. This time, the price went from 4 silver and 58 copper coins per 25kg to 4 silver and 61 copper coins per 25kg. He inquired different rice stores and was quoted the same price. Additionally, he found that the prices of other foods had also rose in price at different degrees, among which the price of sugar rose the most sharply. Compared to the price of rice, the price of rice sugar had increased by more than 10% per kg this week, surpassing the price of 1 silver and 11 copper coins per kg…

However, Zhang Tie had no choice but to buy it. As a result, the Zhang Family had to increase the price of the rice brew, which would definitely weaken its sales. This would definitely prove to be detrimental to their living standards.

Hearing the news of the increasing cost of rice, the wrinkles on his mom’s forehead seemed to be more pronounced, although her expression remained unchanged.

In the same evening, Zhang Tie sowed a lot of pumpkin seeds on the land in the Castle of Black Iron. Those seeds were scooped out from a pumpkin by his mom several days ago. His mom was so diligent that she felt reluctant to throw them away, hence she washed them and dried them in the courtyard. She knew that those pumpkin seeds would be delicious after being fried.

Zhang Tie sowed about 200 to 300 pumpkin seeds. Zhang Tie did this for two reasons. The first reason was the increasing price of grains. The second reason was that he had realized that the Castle of Black Iron was really suitable for agriculture. Including the gifts he received from Grandma Teresa, all the seeds he had sown the week before had already sprouted and were growing well. The potatoes and niblets especially seemed to grow better. And as a result, the Castle of Black Iron started to show more signs of vitality as the aura value in the Castle of Black Iron was growing quickly every day. By Saturday, the aura value would turn to 70, surpassing all the other values.

After throwing the bag of trash from home into the Pool of Chaos, Zhang Tie had only gained 0.1 unit of basic energy storage. After land reclamation in the Castle of Black Iron, he checked the fruits on the small tree. The Iron Body Fruit was 50% ripe; it seemed that he would be able to enjoy it after being beaten another two times. Additionally, the second Leakless Fruit would also become ripe on the next Thursday evening. This small tree had become the largest source of Zhang Tie’s confidence to become prominent in this age.

Right when he exited the Castle of Black Iron and was about to cultivate in his room, Zhang Tie heard a long and sharp sound outside his window that drifted from afar. As the sound of this manual fire alarm could spread very far in the evening, Zhang Tie was immediately able to hear it, thus Zhang Tie hurriedly went over to the windowsill and opened the window as he looked into the far distance. In the pitch black night, a strong fire brightened the entire distant sky. Judging from the source of the fire, Zhang Tie felt that it happened in the old agglomeration of Blackhot City where people from all walks of life gathered. Faint cries and shouts reverberated from the distance…

Zhang Tie wondered whose house caught fire near the railway station. He then ignored it and closed the window. Picking up the crystal from the windowsill, Zhang Tie sat cross-legged on his bed and started to cultivate.

After having ignited the Shrine burning point, Zhang Tie could instantly feel the “small point” near his tail bone shaking once he entered meditation. In the opposite direction of the Shrine burning point, the first burning point on the spine became the next target of Zhang Tie. In accordance with the introduction of the history teacher on Friday, this burning point was the one burning point he had to ignite to reach LV 2. According to the Fibonacci Golden Number Sequence, he would then have to ignite two burning points to reach LV 3, followed by three burning points to reach LV 4, then five burning points to reach LV 5, and eight burning points to reach LV 6... Those burning points lined up on the 34 vertebrae on the human body. There were many secrets hidden in the vertebrae burning points. Similar to the vertebrae, those burning points were also the support and the source of a human’s strength. When ignited, each burning point could enhance a person’s physique and strength greatly. That explained why the other students were not a match for Glaze, a LV 2 fighter…

After entering meditation, along with Zhang Tie’s spiritual energy, the energy gathered by the crystal passed into the first burning point on the spine. After more than 2 hours, Zhang Tie was only able to cause the burning point to be slightly brighter as it started to burn with a small red flame the size of a rice grain. Compared to the blazing Shrine burning point, that was only a small firefly. It was time and energy consuming for most people to practice igniting each point...

On Sunday afternoon, Zhang Tie stayed at home to take care of the rice brew store, while his dad and mom changed into new clothes and left with his soon-to-be sister-in-law with goods in hand. Naturally, Zhang Tie knew where they were heading to. In the evening, his mom and his soon-to-be sister-in-law returned in a pleasant mood. Seeing the two of them, Zhang Tie knew they must have gone to visit his sister-in-law’s parents.

Today, he had increased the price for Zhang’s rice brew by one copper. Despite having put up a notice in advance, their sales were immediately lowered. Today, they had only sold a bit more than half of their usual sales

“Mom, where’s dad?” seeing them, Zhang Tie asked curiously.

“He’s got something to deal with. He will come back later!” his mom replied in a mysterious tone.

At the time they prepared to have supper, his dad came back with a long article wrapped in cloth in hand. At the sight of Zhang Tie, his dad smiled and undid the package, revealing a sheathed, slightly arched black sword in front of Zhang Tie.

“Ah!? The Blackhot Sharp-Edge Sword…” Zhang Tie exclaimed and instantly ran forward as if he saw a treasure. Grabbing the sword from his dad’s hands, he unsheathed the blade, revealing a sharp two-handed sword in front of his eyes. Etched onto the body of the sword next to the handle was two words—Zhang Tie. He couldn’t help but exclaim. This was a gift from his dad.

“You will be attending the survival training next week, so here’s my gift for you. Heh…heh…” His dad looked a bit embarrassed. “This is an ordinary, sharp sword made by the forge of Blackhot City. Although it can’t match the swords used in the military and the sheath is only made of ordinary iron and wood, it’s the best I can afford. So I hope you…”

“I love it, dad!” Before his dad was able to finish his sentence, Zhang Tie instantly hugged him as he kissed his dad’s face. He was really satisfied with the gift. Zhang Tie clearly knew that this ordinary Blackhot Sharp-Edge Sword would cost his dad at least one gold coin. That was a great expenditure for his family.

Seeing Zhang Tie so happy, his dad also showed a warm smile…

“Two of you, come on. Let’s eat while the food is still hot…” his mom warned them, trying to alleviate the atmosphere…

In this age, the first sword of many people was gifted by either their father or their brother. Aside from representing the blessings and concerns of their relatives, the sword also carried the meaning that the owner will be fighting for their own life with it. This was the inevitable fate of many males and their families!

In the last week before he left school, Zhang Tie, a 15-year old boy, frankly accepted his own fate along with the first sword in his life, which was engraved with his name…



* * *





Chapter 51




On the last week of school, not only were all the undergraduates preparing for their first survival training, but the school officials were as well. The undergraduates felt anxious about their safety, as there has been casualties every year during the survival training. This was not simply a trip in the wild but a test of their abilities to survive in the cruelty of this age. The world within the city walls was utterly different from outside the city walls.

On Monday morning, all the horny undergraduates stayed in an amphitheater as they waited for the teacher. However, the person that arrived this time wasn’t their usual teacher; it was a fellow student who had graduated the year before and was now a soldier serving the City Guard Army of Blackhot City.

He told them of his past experiences on the trip and how he had witnessed the death of two peers because of carelessness in the last year’s survival training. They were killed by a seemingly harmless White-Bone Mushroom. When they boiled the mushroom and consumed it along with the soup, they were unfortunately unable to get up the next morning, as they had already been poisoned to death when they were found. Only when the White-Bone Mushroom was found inside the soup was the cause of death discovered…

Nothing particularly stood out in the story, and the reason for the tragedy was also simple. From its looks alone, the poisonous White-Bone Mushroom looked almost identical to the common, edible umbrella-shaped mushroom. The only difference between them were the gray circular grains over the rootstalk of the White-Bone Mushroom. Since the person responsible for scavenging for food wasn’t able to distinguish between the two mushrooms, he lost his life. Although it was a simple story, it was because of the simplicity of the events that caused everyone to feel a chill. At this moment, they realized the cruelty of the survival training. Knowledge regarding the White-Bone Mushroom and the umbrella-shaped mushroom was something that was taught in school; however, if one doesn’t remember it firmly, they would solely be responsible for the mistakes in the future at the cost of their own or even another person’s life…

All the horny students were shocked when they heard what the fellow student said. That class was ten thousand times more effective than what the other teachers had taught. The school probably knew about the difference as well; hence, why they arranged the class on their last Monday at school, so as to warn them.

The moment the morning class was over, all the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood surrounded Sharwin.

"Sharwin, have you kept your biology notes for the past two years with you?" Fatty Barley pressed down on Sharwin’s shoulders and asked him nervously while the other members were nervously waiting for Sharwin’s response to the side. The story was really terrifying. Nobody would know whether they had forgotten any crucial knowledge during the past three years, as the world outside the city walls was much more dangerous than they could imagine. It was unfortunate to be eaten while fighting a magical beast with full preparations; however, if you lost your life because of your carelessness, you would fully deserve it.

"Yea, what’s wrong?" Sharwin asked in a confused way.

"What’s wrong? Of course, you should lend them to us, so that we can have a good review…"

"Alright, no problem!" Sharwin answered without any hesitation. "I have preserved those notes well. There are two more notebooks at home. I will bring them if you need them!"

Hearing this, Fatty Barley rolled his eyes. Something seemed to come to his mind as he said, "Bros, maybe we can make some money with Sharwin’s notes!"

All the other members also realized it at the same time. Even Zhang Tie was admiring Barley’s intelligence. However, their plan to make money by Sharwin’s notes failed in the same afternoon. When Fatty Barley was planning the price of a copy of Sharwin’s notes, Burwick made all the horny students boisterous once again.

...

"Hurry up, let’s go find Burwick. He has already made a copy of the notes from the biology classes over the past couple of years and turned them into a brochure called Identification Brochure of Dangerous Living Beings in the Survival Training . He’s giving it out for free. Come on, let’s go get one!"

One guy shouted during the break. Hearing his words, almost all the horny students in the classroom ran out of the classroom, leaving the members of the brotherhood blankly staring at each other. After a while, Barley opened his mouth widely and finally cursed—Damn...

At that moment, Zhang Tie suddenly felt an uncomfortable feeling in his heart…

The speed and preparation of the guy named Burwick really shocked Zhang Tie.

Starting from the Identification Brochure of Dangerous Living Beings in the Wild Training Survival, all the horny students nervously began to prepare for their survival training during the last few days of the week, which included preparing the necessary equipment and living materials. Each one of them could only take five days worth of food at most for the survival training. As for weapons, luggage, medicine, or something else, they could bring as many as they wanted…

In these days, Glaze’s group was never seen in the school cafeteria again. It was impossible for them to show off in the school cafeteria anymore. Actually, they would feel reluctant gazes, so they directly ate in hotels outside the school.

"Guess what Glaze’s group ate this noon?" There would always be someone shouting this when queuing up in the cafeteria. Hearing his words, all the other horny students started to laugh out loudly.

In contrast, Burwick became increasingly more popular at school, resulting in a great number of people standing by his side.

Zhang Tie didn’t know why, but ever since Monday, his heart always pounded and his hands sweated more than usual. These days, he felt weak for no reason. On Tuesday when Zhang Tie arrived at the Railway Station once again, he found more magistrates patrolling the area than usual. Out of curiosity, he asked a person nearby about what had happened. It turned out that many people were burnt to death in that fire accident near the Railway Station a couple of days ago. That’s why those magistrates nearby the railway station became more alert, though they seemed to have found no clues regarding that fire accident.

Zhang Tie arrived at the grocery store as usual. While settling the accounts, a heart pounding feeling was felt again, causing him to make two consecutive mistakes. Zhang Tie smiled bitterly and pushed all the beads back to their original places before he started to calculate again.

"What’s wrong?" Donder asked to Zhang Tie when he realized something was off about him.

"Nothing serious, just a little bit distracted. These days, my heart has been speeding up for no reason!"

"Heart speeding up for no reason?" Hearing this, Donder gradually frowned. "Does anyone from your family have a heart disease?"

"No!"

"Did you have such a feeling before?" Donder continued.

"Also no. I started to feel it this Monday!" Zhang Tie answered honestly.

"Are you a virgin?"

"Shit!" Zhang Tie cursed inside. However, he didn’t say anything when he saw the serious face of Fatty Donder.

"Answer me, I’m not kidding!" Donder looked more serious than he has ever looked, which almost frightened Zhang Tie.

"I am a virgin!" Zhang Tie could only admit. Feeling like he lost face, he then added, "But I won’t soon!"

After a while, Donder muttered while rubbing his sparse mustache, "Have you heard about Blood Tide Sense?"

"Blood Tide Sense?" Zhang Tie was puzzled. Then, he seemed to realize something immediately and nodded. "I have heard about it from those horny students…"

"How could someone from your school know about this Oriental mysterious knowledge?" Donder was startled.

"That is an Oriental secret?" Zhang Tie was curious. "Many people know about it. I heard females would bleed so much every month, yet they wouldn’t be hurt. They are truly strong…"

"Bastard!" the boss cursed as the corners of his eyes twitched. At the same time, he flicked Zhang Tie’s forehead with a finger, causing Zhang Tie to feel so much pain that he jumped up. "I mean Blood Sense. Have you heard about it? No crap! I have played with more women than you have seen, you scumbag!"

Zhang Tie innocently rubbed his forehead. He truly didn’t know where he was wrong. He really thought that women were stubborn beings, as they bleed but feel no pain.

Sucking in deep breaths, Donder recovered his composure. Staring at Zhang Tie, he said, "The so-called Blood Tide Sense means that some lucky dogs might be able to feel impending danger or a fruitful opportunity. They would feel like how you feel these days; with Blood Tide Sense, you would always feel your heart pounding and would also feel excited. People who had a sharp sixth sense or virgin males might have the same feeling as you. I suspect that you have Blood Tide Sense and an unpredictable danger is coming to you!"

Zhang Tie turned pale. "I’m in danger?"

"Tell me, have you provoked some important figure?" Donder asked genuinely.

After thinking for a while, Zhang Tie recalled nobody but Glaze. "As for Mary, in the worst case scenario, she might fetch someone to beat me; however, it shouldn’t make my heart pound."

"Could it be Glaze? It seems that I have not provoked anyone else other than Glaze’s group!"

"I’m not sure. Sometimes you don’t know whom you have provoked; however, they still want to kill you. There are powerful diviners in the East who can figure out the origin of the unknown danger based on the time your Blood Sense or other relevant trivial symptoms that appeared. As a result, the danger could be avoided. Unfortunately, I can’t!" Donder shook his head. "Since you know it’s coming, you can only prepare for what’s about to come!"

Saying this, Donder searched the drawers in the counter and took out two goods, giving them to Zhang Tie. "I know you’re going to take part in the survival training, so I’ve prepared two gifts for you. They can help you deal with danger!"

Zhang Tie realized that they were both "elite" goods—a vial of the purest "powerful rat poison" and a sheathed dagger. The blade of the dagger was very sharp; however, the most threatening part on it was not the sharp blade; instead, it was the handle which could send needles covered with snake poison towards the opponent. As a result, the person hit would be paralyzed and unable to move. The needle being sent out was so powerful that it could even penetrate through glass that was 1cm thick…

The two gifts were something that Zhang Tie definitely could not afford, but in the end, Zhang Tie did not reject them and finally accepted them.

Seeing Zhang Tie receive them without any hesitation, Donder nodded…

While Zhang Tie stood in Donder’s grocery store as he thought over the possible sources of the unknown dangers, Huck and Snade were standing in an alley near the railway station. Standing in front of them were more than twenty young beggars and wandering kids. Lining up, they each stared at the coins in Snade’s hands. Each of them would take 10 coppers before tossing them into their pockets and quickly scatter in all directions. 10 copper coins might be a small amount of money for commoners; however, it was enough for these people at the bottom of society in Blackhot City to do many things. As these poor people were willing to do many things for just a piece of bread, they would naturally be pleased to search for people near the railway station since they would each receive 10 copper coins at least. Once they found their target, they would receive another 2 copper coins, totaling to 12 copper coins…

When they weren’t able to find Zhang Tie after two days, Huck and Snade thought up this method. It was really hard for them to locate a person who’s on the move in these streets that numbered around ten near the railway station of Blackhot City. Thus, from that Monday onwards, the two of them changed their strategy with the one suggested by Snade. They stopped searching around alone by themselves. Instead, they fetched a few young beggars and wandering kids to help them. They thought that Zhang Tie would easily be recognized by his black hair and eyes, which were common features among the members of the Chinese clan.

Seeing those young beggars and wandering kids disappearing in the alley like a spreading fishing net, Snade showed a wisp of a smile.

"Would this method actually work?" Huck panted. To the side, Snade impatiently pinched the joints of his fingers, causing sounds akin to exploding crackers. "In the past two days, they have found three wrong people…"

"I can feel that we will get that kid soon…"

"Once he gives back it to us, I swear I’ll pull out his heart and crush his head with my foot…" Huck said furiously.

"As you will…" Snade narrowed his eyes as he stretched out his long tongue and licked his lips. A cold and cruel air could be felt in the alley…



* * *





Chapter 52




After Zhang Tie was beaten another four times on Wednesday, the first Iron Body Fruit should finally become ripe. Much like the Iron Body Fruit, the seeds of the parasol trees on both sides of the streets of Blackhot City would soon be ripe as well.

After leaving the Iron Thorns Fighting Club, as Zhang Tie walked on Bright Avenue, he suddenly felt a sharp pain, as something had fallen and hit his head. Squatting down, Zhang Tie picked up the object on the ground—it was a parasol seed. Every May and June, all the parasol trees in Blackhot City would start to produce thorny seeds. After drying up, parasol seeds the size of walnuts would fall off the trees, spreading all over the sidewalk.

On the way back home, under the light from the street lamps on both sides of the road, Zhang Tie picked up many parasol seeds and foisted them into his pockets.

Zhang Tie intended to throw them all into the Castle of Black Iron. He was brimming with pleasure when he imagined that the land in the Castle of Black Iron would be covered with parasol trees in just a few years.

Wednesday was the day of harvest. Although he had already ignited the Shrine burning point, he was only a bit more powerful than those rich kids, thus he still had to suffer from being beaten up in the Iron Thorns Fighting Club, and it would always take him two days to slightly recover from the excruciating pain each time. Only a few people would feel no pain after being beaten by a powerful opponent.

It seemed that Benet had already become resentful towards Zhang Tie. Every time, he would always knock Zhang Tie down; however, Zhang Tie was as stubborn as a small blade of grass trampled upon by numerous people—whenever he was knocked down, he would pick himself back up from the ground until Benet became exhausted. Rather than attributing it to his physique or his will, it was his positive attitude that allowed him to persevere, as attitude determined everything. For Zhang Tie, he simply considered all the pain as something that would help accelerate the growth of the Iron Body Fruit. Similar to his last name—Tie, which meant “Iron”—like a red block of iron, he would not become fine steel without being repetitively tempered on an anvil.

Zhang Tie appreciated each strike and each feeling of pain. When he experienced the effect of the first Leakless Fruit, he utterly realized how excellent that small tree was, causing him to greatly appreciate it. He also extended his sincere gratitude to the gods for giving him this opportunity to change his own life. He appreciated the Castle of Black Iron and the small tree gifted by the God. Zhang Tie knew that on the entire Kun’ang Continent, there was no else that was as fortunate as him and no one else that was able to change the strikes inflicted on him into sweet fruits.

Because of gratitude, Zhang Tie knew how to treasure it.

Another day had passed, yet that unknown danger still hadn’t arrived. Aside from losing his towel, which he had always used for the past three years to wipe his sweat and wash his face after training at school, after having placed it in his locker, nothing else happened. It was already old enough and even had some holes on it. Zhang Tie wondered who would be interested in that broken towel. Besides being a bit dejected, Zhang Tie didn’t think too much about it.

These days, the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood discussed about how they would help Zhang Tie lose his virginity. It seemed that besides Zhang Tie, all the other horny students were talking about ending their own virginity, many of which had already taken action. Since the survival training would soon start, do you really want to die as a virgin? This slogan was much more effective than any other reasoning at the moment. Nobody, including Zhang Tie, wanted to keep their virginity. As the education system had separated the males from the females, the horny students could only seek help from a “professional” to solve this problem. It seemed that it had already become a tradition.

So because of this, those prostitutes had good business on the last week of school. As dusk soon fell and the roadside lamps were lit, groups of horny male students from Blackhot City’s twelve male middle schools appeared in this place which they rarely visited. At this time, all the small hotels in Blackhot City were filled with pimps and prostitutes.

On his way home from Bright Avenue, Zhang Tie had already encountered several groups of these horny students. They appeared on the street in groups of two or three. They would always be looking around, and the moment they found the sexy prostitutes wandering under the light of the roadside lamps or the ones who stood on the sides of the street when dusk had fallen, they would pluck up their courage and stride forward. After idly chatting with them for a while, they would pull the hands of the one they fancied the most and would either disappear into the dark alleys or would head to a small hotel together.

It’s shameful to die as a virgin!

That’s why Zhang Tie also anticipated the ending of his virginity tomorrow after school. This benefit of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood provided by Fatty Barley was really attractive!

According to the schedule, the first Iron Body Fruit would be ripe today!

With one of his pockets filled with parasol seeds, Zhang Tie went back home excited. After finishing supper, Zhang Tie washed the bowls and the chopsticks as usual. The moment Zhang Tie prepared to chat with his dad and mom, his dad stealthily pulled him into the courtyard behind the kitchen. Before Zhang Tie opened his mouth, his dad tossed at least six or seven silver coins into his hands…

“Dad, what’s this for…” Staring at the heavy silver coins, Zhang Tie was surprised…

“Shh…” His dad told him to lower his voice as he carefully looked at the door. At that moment, the voices of his mom and his soon-to-be sister-in-law drifted over. “These coins are your pocket money for this week. I have been saving them up secretly, so don’t let your mom know…”

Zhang Tie scratched his head and was puzzled. “Dad, seven silver coins is too much. I don’t need that much. Are you ok…”

His dad stretched out his hand and flicked away Zhang Tie’s hand that had been placed on his forehead. He became a bit furious and glared at Zhang Tie. “Boy, you should know that even though I am old now, I was also young before. Humph… humph… remember it. Choose the younger ladies with lustrous skin and eyes. They are healthier even though they would cost you one or two more silver coins…” his dad warned him, “Remember, don’t let your mom find out!”

After saying that, his dad made a coughing sound before showing his stern look once again. He then left the courtyard, leaving Zhang Tie standing in place as his mouth gaped while holding a handful of silver coins…

After quite a while, Zhang Tie finally figured out what his dad meant before forcefully gulping his saliva. “Are you kidding me? Dad gives me money to sleep with whores… ‘Choose younger ladies with lustrous skin and eyes. They are healthier even though they would cost you one or two more silver coins…’ That’s really… really mother*cking great, dad!”

Zhang Tie almost burst into tears from the actions of his dad. His dad was truly considerate.

Because of what had just happened, whenever he spoke with the other family members at home, he would feel a bit weird. Thus, after tell his mom about the situation at school and how beautiful and comfortable the bathroom paved with mosaic in the fighting club was, Zhang Tie left.

……

After washing his feet and brushing his teeth, Zhang Tie went back to his bedroom and entered the Castle of Black Iron.

——Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, welcome to the Castle of Black Iron!

Whenever Zhang Tie read this line, he would always feel much better.

These past few days, Zhang Tie had noticed something—although nobody dug pits to sow seeds and nobody provided fertilizer for the seeds, the plants would still be rather vigorous everywhere. That meant that those seeds got along well with nature. The seeds with good quality would be able to survive by rooting themselves into the ground, while the seeds with bad quality would wither away. It would only take Zhang Tie a little bit of time to sow the crops. For the seeds of plants, he could just scatter them about. It was simple, convenient, and highly efficient. If they could survive in the wild, there was no reason for them to die here in the Castle of Black Iron. In addition, the conditions in the Castle of Black Iron seemed more suitable for plants to grow than that in the wild.

After thinking it through, Zhang Tie broke the shells of those parasol seeds and scattered them about onto a patch of land in the east. Then, he walked over to that small tree.

Similar to how it smelled when the Leakless Fruit was ripe, when Zhang Tie walked over to the small tree, the fragrance of a fresh fruit drifted towards him.

At that moment, two cute fruits were hanging on the Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree; one in red, and the other in silver.

Zhang Tie checked the Leakless Fruit first.

——27 hours left before the Leakless Fruit becomes ripe!

A line of words appeared in front of Zhang Tie and disappeared after a while. Zhang Tie grinned. “One Leakless Fruit a week—life with the Leakless Fruit is truly marvelous.” Then, Zhang Tie moved his eyes onto the diamond-shaped, silver-colored fruit that was slightly bigger than a walnut—the Iron Body Fruit. When Zhang Tie put his hand over it, another line appeared.

——The Iron Body Fruit has become ripe. Usage: Pick and directly eat it. Notice: The fruit cannot be taken out of the Castle of Black Iron. After twelve hours of having been picked off the tree, its energy and vitality will gradually decline.

Looking at that line of disappearing words, Zhang Tie smiled…



* * *





Chapter 53




When Zhang Tie realized the way to use the Iron Body Fruit was exactly the same as the Leakless Fruit, he no longer hesitated and directly plucked the strange-looking fruit and consumed it. It was slightly crunchy and had a fragrance similar to a peach that was not yet fully ripe. Afterwards, he waited for a while for the effects to manifest; however, nothing happened. He then waiting for another while, but nothing happened either…

After quite a while, Zhang Tie blinked a few times and had found that nothing had changed. “There really is a sharp difference between the effects of the Iron Body Fruit and the Leakless Fruit” He felt slightly disappointed; however, in that split second, Zhang Tie realized that he might have been too greedy. As he got this fruit from only being beaten up by a kid for 4 times, the effects of the Iron Body Fruit could not be noticed right now without quantitative accumulation. Iron body… Iron body… Naturally, you can’t have an iron body after having been beaten up only 4 times.

Thinking in this way, Zhang Tie recovered his composure. After finishing the practice of Mental Arithmetic by Abacus and polishing the burning point at his tailbone, Zhang Tie fell asleep.

At midnight, Zhang Tie woke up because of his growling stomach. Hurriedly sitting up, he grabbed several pieces of toilet paper from the head of his bed and locked on to the arched door in his mind, entering the Castle of Black Iron. With short breaths, he ran towards a corner in the Castle of Black Iron. Covering his stomach, he was only able to run a few dozen steps before he could no longer hold it in. He then immediately took off his pants and squatted. The moment he squatted, he cooly excreted the waste in his bowels, which smelt particularly bad. After more than ten minutes, Zhang Tie felt that he had discharged all the messy things from the insides his stomach. After cleaning his butt, Zhang Tie stared at that “polluted” place as he frowned. At the same time, he was startled by that black pile.

F*ck, that was really disgusting. How did my sh*t turn black?

That pile of sh*t smelled extremely terrible and looked disgusting. Thus, like a cat, Zhang Tie decided to cover his shit with soil.

After looking around, Zhang Tie ran over to that small tree, which had a sundry box beside it. The “powerful rat poison” and the dagger gifted by Donder were stored inside the box in addition to a pile of sundries inside. Zhang Tie picked up a small shovel and ran back to that messy place. He then shoveled a pile of soil and covered the “evidence”. After doing that, Zhang Tie returned to his bed and fell asleep again.

Zhang Tie faintly felt that his stomachache was related to the Iron Body Fruit; however, he didn’t put much thought into it, as he didn’t lose anything in the end. As for the other effects of the Iron Body Fruit, Zhang Tie thought that he would know about it sooner or later!

That night, Zhang Tie slept dreamlessly. When Zhang Tie woke up again, although the pain and the soreness of his body had greatly lessened, he felt no other special changes. His underwear was still dry and cold, and his p*nis was still erect and hard.

Zhang Tie decided not to worry about the matter regarding the Iron Body Fruit anymore. When it came to mind that today would be his “heyday”, Zhang excitedly got up immediately and began the start of his new day.

……

Zhang Tie entered school in the cleanest clothes he had and in the new leather shoes gifted by his elder brother. What waited for Zhang Tie was not admiration; instead, he was met with all sorts of jokes, looks of ridicule, and gossiping from the bastards in the Hit-Plane Brotherhood.

“Hey… Hey… You’re well prepared!” Fatty Barley came over to Zhang Tie with an obscene smile after class. “You look much cleaner and fresher than you usually are. A fresher virgin may be well welcomed by women. You may be gifted with a surprise~”

Right when Zhang Tie was pretending to punch Barley in the face, he heard the word “surprise”, causing his hormones to immediately rise up rapidly. “What surprise?” Zhang Tie asked the Fatty curiously.

Barley smiled obscenely. However, before he was able to answer, Hista, the evilest guy in the brotherhood, had already wrapped his arm around Zhang Tie’s shoulder and whispered something to Zhang Tie, making him really excited…

……

Could a virgin concentrate on listening to lessons on the very day when he would end his virginity after having endured for more than ten years? At the very least, Zhang Tie couldn’t. Most of the horny students in the class weren’t in the mood for lessons as well; instead of paying attention, most of them were busy asking the teacher for their signature, as after tomorrow, they would have to say farewell to this classroom. Because of this, most classes in the final two days completely became classes where the students would ask for signatures from their teachers, and Miss Daina obviously had the most fans. Classmates also sought signature from each other. Early in the morning, Zhang Tie had already written down his blessings for many of his classmates.

Although nobody would admit it, everybody felt somewhat dejected over having to leave school. Every one of them wanted to leave something behind, as none of them knew how many among them would lose their lives during the survival training and would be forgotten by the others after several years.

The training class in the afternoon was their final class at this school. In the last training class, the instructor only talked about one topic—the usage of the long-handled weapon in wild training and how to hunt several common animals with long-handled weapons through teamwork. The instructor’s implications were very obvious. For these green birds, they had to cooperate with each other as they used long-handled weapons like pikes and spears to keep a distance between them and the enemy. This was a critical rule for the training in the wild.

Finally, class was over. Outside the school gates, the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood also bade farewell to Zhang Tie like what they did to Doug last time.

“Hope you will be a real man when we see you tomorrow!” Bagdad gave his blessings.

“Enjoy it!” Sharwin added.

“Young men are always ferocious for the first time. Once you can make her feel good, it will be possible to do it another five or six times!”

“Do not keep those damned tea leaves in your mouth!” Doug suggested.

“Don’t forget how to stall time as I told you!” Leit smiled obscenely.

Zhang Tie had mixed feelings at that moment. He felt feelings of excitement and anxiety, and he also felt sadness since he could not easily see Miss Daina again.

Finally, under Barley’s urgency and those horny guys’ whistles and laughter, Zhang Tie left with Barley and headed for the destination where he would end his virginity.

“The same place that Doug had gone last time?” Zhang Tie asked curiously on the way.

“That’s right!” Barley nodded. “Miss Anna is a good instructor to guide you to be a real man…”

“I have to work in the grocery store today!”

“You’ve already told me. I will go pick you up at the grocery store at 7 pm, and we will go look for Miss Anna together!”

“Fine!” Zhang Tie didn’t ask where Barley was heading to, as each man had his own secret.

When they arrived at the first intersection at the railway station, Zhang Tie left Barley and headed for Donder’s grocery store.

At the sight of Zhang Tie, Donder’s words almost made Zhang Tie fall down outside the grocery store. “I remember you told me that you would not be a virgin soon. Judging from your clothes and the pair of new leather shoes, I guess it will happen tonight. Hey… Hey… Actually, I would understand if you told me it would happen tonight. There is an old saying in the Oriental Continent—‘It’s worth one thousand gold coins to sleep with the one you love’. I won’t be that unkind. How about imparting you with two techniques? I am sure the lady will be highly spirited when you use them!” Donder smiled obscenely.

The fatty’s talent of observing others made Zhang Tie furious. His secret was revealed so easily, making Zhang Tie feel like he had lost face.

“Yea, I will go for a woman two hours later to end my virginity. I heard that young men always performed ferociously for the first time, and they could even do it seven or eight times. Dear boss, how long has it been since you have not been able to do it seven or eight times in one night?” Zhang Tie purposely patted his own forehead. “Oh, I almost forgot. At your age, you should just stay healthy since you are not suitable to do this anymore!”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s harsh attack, Donder, who was drinking water, coughed heavily. As a result, the two glared at each other furiously for a while, just like two fighting cocks. Then, they harrumphed consecutively, turned away their heads respectively, and started doing their own jobs.

Donder dealt with several transactions, while Zhang Tie settled the accounts. It might be because Zhang Tie had made him angry, but the narrow-minded man looked cold for two hours. During that period, he didn’t say a single word to Zhang Tie. Whenever their eyes met, Donder would harrumph and turn his face away. Two hours later, that guy spoke stingily again, “I will not provide you supper!” Hearing this, Zhang Tie left.

Walking out of the gate, Zhang Tie saw Barley greeting him on the other side of the street. In a split second, he felt his heart pounding again, more heavily this time. Zhang Tie then shook his head and that gloomy face of Glaze flashed away in his mind.

“Motherf*cker!” Zhang Tie cursed inside.

……

In an alley nearby the railway station, Huck became gradually infuriated after having received no clues in the past week. Even Snade became anxious as he played his dagger. It was becoming closer to the final moment when the organization would take action. If they were still unable to contact that influential figure inside the Blackhot City within two days, they would fail this task and would have to escape as far away as possible…

The darkness fell again when a thin beggar ran into the alley.

“We’ve found a person who meets your description…”

……



* * *





Chapter 54




There were many first times in a person’s life, and some of them were unforgettable—for example, today’s first time!

At about 7:00 pm, Zhang Tie adopted Fatty Barley’s suggestion and ate two pieces of bread brought by Barley. After drinking some water, he walked on the way together with Barley, just like the way they had previously accompanied Doug.

On the way, Fatty Barley constantly told Zhang Tie about what he had to pay attention to. “If you eat too much, you will not perform well, and neither would you if you were hungry. Later, when you see Miss Anna, you’d better pretend to be slightly bashful. According to my observations, that woman seems to like conquering bashful boys, especially virgins!”

“Bashful, how?” Zhang Tie asked while looking a bit nervous.

Barley glanced at Zhang Tie. “You don’t need to pretend, she will know you are a virgin at first sight!”

“F*ck!” Zhang Tie cursed inside.

“How do you know that… that… Miss Anna?” Zhang Tie asked curiously.

“When I was 12, my dad took me to visit a friend’s home, and that’s where I got acquainted with her. Ever since the first time I saw her, I had been attracted to her plump breasts. She was really sexy and started to seduce me the instant she saw me…!” Barley said frankly.

Visited her at the age of 12? Zhang Tie became puzzled.

“Is she married?”

“Nope, Miss Anna was a mistress of a man who was a middle-class official in the Department of Goods in Blackhot City. Soon after he saw her for the first time, her lover was arrested. Do you remember that Great Train Robbery that happened several years ago? Her lover was arrested because of that event…”

The Great Train Robbery was a bloody robbery that shocked the whole Andaman Alliance and had occurred when Zhang Tie was in preliminary school. At that time, a train filled with many valuable materials was being transported outside of Blackhot City, heading for the manufacturing center of Andaman Alliance——Kalur, the city of machines. However, it was robbed by the Red-Scarf Burglars on the way, and as a result, there was nothing left on the train. Additionally, the driver, a detachment of soldiers on the train, and as well as several unfortunate workers were murdered. Ever since that incident, the Red-Scarf Burglars had been wanted across Blackhot City.

“How is that incident related to her lover?” Zhang Tie was surprised.

“Of course, I was also confused at first. However, when I came back late after school, I saw Miss Anna applying makeup to herself while she stood under the roadside lamps. When I came back home, I asked my dad why and he told me that her lover was arrested for disclosing secrets of some of the goods in the train. It was reasonable to arrest him…” Fatty Barley cursed while walking along with Zhang Tie. This story was really interesting to Zhang Tie.

“What then?”

“She’s so alluring that I couldn’t stand anymore, so one day, I stole some of my dad’s money and helped her!”

“Help?” Zhang Tie stared at Barley curiously. However, that guy was not bashful in the least.

“Of course, I helped her with either money or my body. Try to imagine how lonely and helpless she is without her lover. In every aspect, she definitely needs the comfort and help from a man. And as I could meet her demands, I used my innocent body and spent all the money I could get for her!” Barley explained shamelessly.

Zhang Tie became speechless as he had noticed another trait of Fatty—shameless, endlessly shameless! How could he explain something like sleeping with a whore to be such a holy and righteous act? This was the first time Zhang Tie had heard such a ridiculous theory.

Zhang Tie knew that there were some apologists and hypocrites that would criticize seeking a whore as a morally degenerate and filthy behavior; however, there were also shameless guys like Barley who would glorify it as a beautiful deed to help the unprivileged. For Zhang Tie, this was neither holy nor indecent; it was just like the trades that happened in Donder’s grocery store—there was a need. A woman needed money to survive, while a man needed to complete his coming-of-age ceremony. Nobody got hurt, and IOUs didn’t exist. What was more, Zhang Tie thought that he was neither an apologist nor a righteous man or swordsman that might exist somewhere at a given point in time. Zhang Tie could not change what happened to her before, and neither should he assume responsibilities for sleeping with her in the future. Each man had his own story. Today, he needed a woman’s help to become a real man. That was it!

“Take this…” Barley gave him a small paper parcel. “This should work if you’re not as stupid as Doug!”

After thinking for a while, Zhang Tie took that paper parcel and opened it. Taking out three tea leaves, he put them inside his mouth and smacked his lips. “It tastes like nothing special!”

This was the first time Zhang Tie had eaten tea leaves to freshen his mouth.

By the time they stood in front of the same door that Doug had previously stood at, darkness had already fallen and the alley looked much darker. Perhaps it was because of his excessive male hormones, but Zhang Tie was excited.

Spitting out the three tea leaves, he took a deep breath under Barley’s encouraging stare. “Bang! Bang! Bang!” He knocked on the door and waited peacefully. Zhang Tie began to hallucinate about Miss Anna’s sexy figure and her sexy expression as his heart started to pound. He became breathless, and his erect p*nis stood up once again, forcing him to have to toss one hand into his pocket and press down on that wild thing.

A little bit of lamp light penetrated from behind the door. Before Zhang Tie knocked on the door for the second time, the sound of footsteps drifted over. Hearing the footsteps, Zhang Tie became even more breathless and started to peep through the cracks of the door...

When the door opened, the frowning face of a woman above the age of 50 with gray hair appeared in front of Zhang Tie. The old woman stood in front of Zhang Tie and Barley with a grin. Her front row of silver teeth scared Zhang Tie, causing him to take a few steps back. Never would he have thought that this fantasies of the “surprise” would turn into a “frightening shock”. At this moment, his p*nis shrunk…

“Come on in!” the old woman uttered…

Zhang Tie turned pale and stared at Barley. Zhang Tie swore inside that he would definitely beat up Fatty Barley if this was Miss Anna, even at the risk of exposing his real strength…

“She’s Miss Anna’s servant!” Fatty explained. Hearing that, Zhang Tie felt reassured. “Where’s Miss Anna?”

“She’s inside…” the servant replied and closed the door. Barley then went inside with Zhang Tie.

The house was not large, but it was well cleaned. When they passed through the door, they saw a passageway and a guest room, which looked really comfortable and warm. The whole house was filled with a slight scent of a woman. Smelling this, Zhang Tie’s p*nis became as hard as fine steel once again.

Waiting in the guest room, Zhang Tie found Miss Anna coming out of the washroom as she dried her crimson-red hair; she seemed to have just taken a bath. Miss Anna was wearing a pair of sandals and translucent lace camis that just barely covered her butt. She was thin and tall and had plump breasts and a plump butt. Although she was not extremely beautiful, she still looked enchanting and seductive, especially her pair of watery eyes. Once his eyes fell upon that woman, Zhang Tie was no longer able to avert his eyes. Consequently, the blood all over his body rushed towards his p*nis…

Hidden under her translucent lace camis, her body appeared under the light of the lamps in the guest room. Her snow-white thighs were exposed, and the graceful curves hidden under the pajamas almost drove Zhang Tie mad. Her breasts especially stood out. Zhang Tie swore that they were definitely larger than Miss Daina’s. Droplets of water from her hair fell onto her breasts, causing the thin camis to become even more translucent as her breasts stuck more tightly to it. Besides the seductive plump breasts, the two purplish grapes also loomed.

Without needing to say a word, Barley pointed at Zhang Tie, and in response, Miss Anna showed an enchanting smile that made Zhang Tie dazed as he instantly mistook this woman for Miss Daina.

Miss Anna walked over and held Zhang Tie’s hand while he was still nervous and gaping. After kissing him gently on his face, she pulled Zhang Tie into her bedroom.

Smelling the fragrance of that mature woman, Zhang Tie became more nervous and slow-witted. Before entering the bedroom, Zhang Tie anxiously looked back at Barley, only to see Barley clasping his fist in encouragement.

The door to the bedroom was closed by Miss Anna as she pulled Zhang Tie towards the huge bed with a pink mosquito net. At that moment, Zhang Tie felt like he was in a wet dream.

“Come on, baby. Apply some rose essence on your auntie…” Miss Anna took out a fine glass bottle containing a dark-red liquid. She passed it to Zhang Tie and gave him a fascinating smile as she slightly undid the straps of her camis. Immediately, a charming, naked female body was lazily lying in front of Zhang Tie …

At that moment, Zhang Tie was in a daze. Her naked body was truly stimulating. Zhang Tie forcefully swallowed his saliva and moved two steps forward. Seeing Miss Anna staring at his high rising tent and her bashful smile as she rested her face on her hand, Zhang Tie felt all the blood rushing to his head and immediately charged at her…

“Slower, baby, ah…”



* * *





Chapter 55




After seeing Zhang Tie enter the bedroom with Miss Anna, Barley paid the old servant 4 silver coins and then sat in the guest room alone as he drunk water peacefully.

Listening to the faint moan of Miss Anna from inside the bedroom, Barley showed an obscene smile. After a while, he heard various strange sounds and the gentle laughters of Miss Anna. More than ten minutes later, a miserable cry drifted over, almost frightening Barley who was drinking water. Barley thought that it might have been Zhang Tie’s cry. Then, the bedroom became silent for a while. Several minutes later, another miserable cry was heard again. Barley heard it clearly this time and it truly came from Zhang Tie.

“What’s happening?” Barley curiously stared at the bedroom. He knew that Miss Anna had no special hobbies and she was the best teacher for virgin boys. How come Bighead cried so miserably?

After the second miserable cry, no more sounds were heard from the bedroom. 5 or 6 minutes later, Barley saw Zhang Tie dejectedly walking out of the bedroom with a pale face. Lowering his head, Zhang Tie pulled Barley’s arm and ran outside without saying a single word.

They didn’t slow down until they were 100 meters away from Miss Anna’s home…

“What’s happening, Bighead? Why were you crying so miserably?” Fatty Barley asked while gasping.

Zhang Tie looked frustrated. He opened his mouth wanting to say something, but he didn’t say anything in the end. Only under the insistence of Barley’s repeated questions did Zhang Tie reluctantly pour out his secret quietly…

“My d*ck… expanded too much. It was similar unsheathing a sword, but it was difficult to pull it out. I have tried to ‘unsheathe’ it twice, but it almost tore off the ‘sheath’ before being fully ‘unsheathed’.…

“Did you have the same feeling when you slept with her for the first time? Was it utterly different from that in dream?” Zhang Tie asked Barley unconfidently.

Hearing what Zhang Tie said, Barley gaped. Although he wanted to freely laugh loudly, he solemnly suggested, “Bro, it’s nothing serious. You should get circumcised when you have time…”

……

It seemed that Zhang Tie’s plan to end his virgin status absolutely failed. Thinking of that disastrous defeat, Zhang Tie was fully frustrated.

“Circumcise? F*ck! Nobody has told me about that. It seemed that I didn’t have that problem when “fighting” Miss Daina in the dream. How come I couldn’t stand it when in a real ‘fight’? It seemed that my good reputation would be ruined today.” Zhang Tie was willing to bet that Barley, that talkative guy, would definitely spread this awkward matter among the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood tomorrow.

“Bro, why are you so unhappy? Tell us, so we’ll be happy. Hahaha…” Whenever Zhang Tie thought of the bad traits of the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, he saw no bright future.

At that moment, Zhang Tie saw the two crescents hanging in the sky, seemingly giving off a smile of ridicule. After separating from Barley, Zhang Tie stepped on to the road back home gloomily while casually kicking cobblestones on his way home.

Unconsciously, Zhang Tie moved onto a less populated path…

“Bang.” Zhang Tie had walked into someone. “Ah, sorry…”

He had walked into a huge figure. After apologizing, Zhang Tie raised his face and saw a familiar, evil face. As his two hands clasped around Zhang Tie’s shoulders like a pair of iron pincers, he said, “I finally found you, boy…”

The face looked slightly familiar. The moment Zhang Tie wanted to open his mouth, he felt a sharp pain at the back of his head as everything turned pitch black—he had lost consciousness

……

Feeling a cold sensation as cold water had been poured on his face, Zhang Tie opened his eyes. He then saw two ugly faces through the flickering of the lamp lights, giving off an expression as if they wanted to eat him. A cold feeling could be felt as he realized the snake-like man had already placed a dagger at his throat.

“Boy, I can easily cut through your windpipe before you can even shout. Try it if you don’t believe me. If I’m clear, nod once. Afterwards, we can have a good conversation!” Zhang Tie didn’t know why, but he was almost more calm when facing dangers. At that moment, Zhang Tie’s mind was as clear as a crystal. Hearing the man’s suggestion, Zhang Tie immediately thought of four pieces of useful information in his mind:.

The first piece of information: The man with the dagger is preventing him from shouting, which meant that this place was not very far from populated areas.

The second piece of information: Since his fate was in their hands, and they didn’t seem to care about killing him, he needed to speak carefully.

The third piece of information: He had met them last Thursday when he had walked into the manly guy called Huck. In the end, he picked up a wooden plate. Since they are looking for him, it must be related to that wooden plate. It seems that although that wooden plate was useless to him, it was very important to them, thus the wooden plate would determine Zhang Tie’s life or death.

The fourth piece of information: Since the two of them have captured him, this means that they are not afraid of being recognized by Zhang Tie. And since they don’t care about the troubles from the magistrates, then it seems that they have made preparations to ensure that Zhang Tie wouldn’t be a threat. They must have made one of the following two decisions: First, they will take the wooden plate and leave Blackhot City; Second, kill him directly. Only having chosen one of those two options would they be this confident…

As the icy dagger stuck close to his throat, the faint smell of blood immediately allowed Zhang Tie to determine their final decision. As he oozed sweat all over his body, Zhang Tie knew that he was faced with the greatest crisis in his life…

All those thoughts flashed in Zhang Tie’s mind in a single second. Then, Zhang Tie nodded…

Soon after, the dagger was moved away; however, the icy edge caused goosebumps to appear on the skin on Zhang Tie’s neck.

“I remember you! We met last Thursday!” Before the two were able to open their mouths, Zhang Tie had forced himself to calm down and started the conversation, causing Huck and Snade to be stunned simultaneously.

Huck and Snade stared at each other silently.

“Very good, boy! Since you remember us, let’s not talk nonsense! Give that wooden plate back to us!” Snade forced a smile within a split second as he immediately put away his dagger. “That plate is very important to us, so give it back right now. If you do so, then we’ll both benefit!”

“Can I sit up?” Zhang Tie asked.

“Heh… Heh…” Huck smiled viciously as he stretched out his hands and yanked Zhang Tie up to his feet. He then pushed Zhang Tie into a chair. The moment Zhang Tie sat up, he noticed that all his personal belongs had been searched through by the two and were spread over the desk. It seemed that the two had only woken Zhang Tie up when they found nothing. If Zhang Tie brought the plate with him, he might have already been a corpse by now.

Looking around, Zhang Tie realized he was in a bedroom with no windows. Around him were various common appliances that were cheap and clean. He could hear faint human voices from outside. Glancing over this bedroom, Zhang Tie instantly remembered those hotels especially used by the pioneers in Blackhot City. Due to the living habits for pioneers that drew them to secrecy and safety, none of the hotels for pioneers had windows, thus they felt like secret rooms. This room had most of the features one would find in a pioneer’s hotel room.

“I don’t remember taking your thing…” Hearing his words, Huck and Snade’s faces twisted at the same time. However, before the two were able to beat him up, Zhang Tie immediately added, “That day I walked into you…” Zhang Tie then pointed at Huck. “After you left, I found a small cloth bag on the ground, and when I opened it, I found a common, triangular piece of wood. I wonder whether you are looking for that?”

“That piece of wood is very important to us. If you can hand it back to us, you will get 10 gold coins as a reward…” Snade gave a kind smile. “Can you tell us where you put it?”

“Nobody would trust you!” Zhang Tie cursed inside. Putting on a greedy look, Zhang Tie forcefully swallowed his saliva as he looked at Snade. “10 gold coins? Are you cheating me? I just f*cked a woman for 4 silver coins today. If I had 10 gold coins, I could f*ck 200 women…”

“How could I cheat you? Take a look…” As he said this, Snade took out his purse from his coat, opening it and pouring out dozens of gold coins into his hands immediately.. Seeing those glittering coins, Zhang Tie gaped. At this moment, he was not pretending; ever since he was born, he had truly never seen so many gold coins.

Zhang Tie stretched out his hand to take them, but the gold coins were retracted at the same time. “You still haven’t told me where you have put it.”

“It’s at my house. If you let me go, I’ll go and bring it back to you. Since I found it useless when I returned home that night, I had casually thrown it into my nephew’s bunch of building blocks!”



* * *





Chapter 56




Zhang Tie spoke fluently, causing the people who listened to feel as if his words were believable. Hearing his words, Snade gazed at Zhang Tie’s face for a long while. He seemed as if he was trying to see through something, but Zhang Tie simply pretended as if he saw nothing. With eyes staring at Snade’s purse, Zhang Tie swallowed his saliva forcefully.

“How about we accompany you back home? If we let you go, it would be difficult for us to find you again. We are just common pioneers. Since we are new to Blackhot City, we are not familiar with the roads!” Gazing at Zhang Tie, Snade explained kindly.

Zhang Tie pretended to considerate it. “Fine! But you have to pay me 3… No, 5 gold coins as an advanced payment. After all, I picked that thing up for you. If you want it back, you have to, more or less, pay me as a reward…”

Snade then gave Huck a look. Zhang Tie could tell that during their exchange, they had exchanged a cruel message from their looks. Aside from that, the corner of Huck’s mouth rose from the terrifying message, showing disdain towards Zhang Tie’s ignorance of the situation.

“Alright, lead the way!” In a split second, five gold coins were thrown into Zhang Tie’s hand. Zhang Tie clasped them instantly and hurriedly tossed them into his pocket. He then pointed at his belongings on the table. “Could you please give them back to me?”

“Of course…”

As Zhang Tie had expected, they were in a large hotel for pioneers which was close to the edge of the upper eastern region of Blackhot City that neighbored the railway station. Huck and Snade had chosen a remote independent suite. Zhang Tie didn’t know how they had carried him inside. As pioneers always had bad temperaments and had weird behaviors, there were many taboos among them. Given Huck’s exaggerated figure and strength, once he hid Zhang Tie inside a bag and carried him with on his back while wearing a cloak, nobody would doubt that there was a man inside. When Zhang Tie was carried inside, he was still in a coma; however, when he went out, Snade let Zhang Tie put on a cloak and a hat to slightly cover his face. Thus, Zhang Tie left the hotel with Huck and Snade, shoulder in shoulder as if they were bosom friends. Naturally, nobody else spared them a glance, as there were always people from all walks of life that wandered around here.

Treating him as if he was a bosom friend, Snade stretched out his right hand and placed it on Zhang Tie’s neck, causing Zhang Tie to cry inwardly. Rather than it being a hand over his neck, Zhang Tie felt like it was a poisonous snake who would spit out its tongue. With a casual bite, the poisonous snake would be able to easily kill him. Snade gave off a disgusting and fishy smell. Zhang Tie didn’t know when the dagger would appear in Snade’s hand and cut through his neck as it ended his life. Before the two of them, even though Zhang Tie was already a LV 1 fighter, he still felt as powerless as a baby. Zhang Tie didn’t know whether they were LV 6 or LV 7; he only knew that they could kill him easily, thus he didn’t have any hope of being able to fight against them. If he wanted to survive tonight, he had to make other decisions.

“Since we are new to Blackhot City, we have been feeling rather tense, so we may end up hurting others to protect ourselves. So, no matter who we meet, could you please not make us nervous? This will benefit all of us,” Snade told Zhang Tie kindly as they walked out of the hotel.

Zhang Tie nodded, yet his brain spun rapidly.

It was almost 9pm, only a few more hours before the curfew was in effect, thus there were currently numerous people on the street. Zhang Tie and Snade looked very close as they walked shoulder to shoulder with Huck following behind. They were currently heading for Zhang Tie’s “home”. On the way, they had met two groups of the guards from the City Guard Army. Zhang Tie knew that City Guard Army could not save him, so he didn’t do anything to arouse their attention. In addition, he was really scared of encountering people whom he was acquainted with. Once that happened, it was very possible for him to lose his life tonight. Fortunately, that didn’t happen. After passing by two groups of city guards from the City Guard Army, Zhang Tie felt that Snade and Huck were no longer alert. The atmosphere among the three was also relaxed.

“That piece of wood is just made of common red pine, so why is it so important to you?” Zhang Tie asked Snade as if they were bosom friends.

“You know for pioneers like us, sometimes we need to trade and contact others. That piece of red pine is our token. Since the grains and the quality of the material are quite distinct, we will always split the piece of red pine in half. When the two halves have matching grains, then it means we have found the correct person. When we get that piece of wood, we can finish our task and leave. You are really a lucky dog to get 10 gold coins so easily…” Snade answered in a relaxed way.

Hearing his words, Zhang Tie finally understood what that piece of red pine wood was used for. He guessed that the two were here to look for someone and had taken that half of red pine as a token, but they had unexpectedly lost it. Therefore, they hurriedly searched for him as he might be the very person who had seen that piece of wood.

“You know, I am really sorry. If I didn’t walk into you, you wouldn’t have lost your thing. How about taking only 8 gold coins?” Zhang Tie said bashfully.

“We’ve already made the deal, so we will give you 10. You are fortunate. It’s our fault, so we’ll pay the price…”

“Hoho, thank you. Those gold coins really help me a lot. My parents would never give me so much pocket money and would only give me 20 silver coins a week. I can only sleep with two women with it…”

“Hahahaha…”

“Hehhehhehheh…”

The two prattled with each other, truly giving off an image of bosom friends.

“What’s your name?” Snade suddenly asked when Zhang Tie was totally relaxed. Zhang Tie almost poured out his real name. However, he was very clear-minded tonight and had already made a plan to stay alive. Zhang Tie instantly replied:

“I’m Du Shaofeng…” Soon after Zhang Tie spoke, he immediately covered his mouth with a hand and stared at Snade in a hasty manner. It seemed as if he had made a mistake and had carelessly disclosed a secret. At the same time, a pleasant look flashed in Snade’s eyes.” The boy is still innocent.”

After more than 20 minutes of walking on a street in the upper eastern region of the city, they arrived at the residence area where Zhang Tie’s “home” was located.

“You wait here. I will go in and bring the thing to you,” Zhang Tie’s heart pounded, though he seemed as if he was talking as usual.

“Is your home here?” seeing the heavily-guarded residence ablaze with lights and the two rows of fully-armored City Guard Army standing outside the gate, Snade and Huck asked dejectedly.

“Yes, my brother is a military official in Blackhot City. This is the residence for the relatives of the City Guard Army officials, so of course we live here…” Zhang Tie replied, “We didn’t live here before, but ever since my elder brother became an official, he got a house here. That’s why we all moved here. Wait for a moment, I will bring it back to you soon!”

The instant Zhang Tie wanted to move, Snade clasped onto him. A cold light flashed in Snade’s eyes as he stared at Zhang Tie’s face like a snake capturing its prey.

“Are you familiar with the guards over there?”

“Yes, I live in here, so of course we are acquainted with each other!”

“Then, let’s go in together!”

“Well…” Zhang Tie forced a smile and said in a relaxed way, “The residence is strictly managed. As you two are new here, you cannot go inside directly. I will let the guard call my elder brother out so that he could lead us in. Come on, let’s go look for him together...”

Saying this, Zhang Tie moved one step forward…

The three then walked towards the gate of the community together. However, Zhang Tie’s heart pounded. He felt his mouth was dry and his eyes were dazed. He felt like he was walking on a steel wire hanging in the air while under his feet was a bottomless chasm. Once the guards say they don’t know Zhang Tie, he would be killed. Therefore, at that moment, Zhang Tie was betting with his life that Snade and Huck were more afraid of being exposed than he was. Zhang Tie felt that the two were extremely afraid of the City Guard Army of Blackhot City, as whenever they met the City Guard Army on the way, Zhang Tie could obviously feel that Snade would clasp him even harder. Common guards from the City Guard Army might be easily killed by these two; however, military officials of the City Guard Army in the Blackhot City were all above LV 5. As this was the residence for the relatives of military officials, there were a great number of great fighters inside, thus Zhang Tie didn’t believe that the two would dare to go inside with him. Zhang Tie clearly knew that he might have a chance to survive tonight if they dared not go in with him. If he showed them where the wood was truly hidden, he would be killed. If they couldn’t get their wood, they would kill him as well.

He learned this from Donder as an apprentice during the past two years in the grocery store. When you give a despaired person a beacon of hope, you would get a beacon of hope when you felt despair. You should always make yourself useful to others. Don’t be disposable. This was the key rule for the underprivileged when in trouble.

If the two guys finally trusted him, they would try to let him in. Then, he could escape from the other gate of the community.

The two rows of City Guard Army standing outside the gate of the community were becoming closer to them. Although Zhang Tie pretended to be calm, he was actually becoming increasingly reluctant to move forward. They were drawing closer and closer to those guards…

60 steps…

50 steps…

40 steps...

30 steps…

Seeing the three of them drawing closer, alert soldiers had already glanced at them. Finally, at about 20 steps away from those soldiers, Zhang Tie’s shoulder felt it being clasped even more tightly as Snade had already forced him to move away in a different direction.

“I’ve changed my mind…” Snade said, which made Zhang Tie relaxed immediately. “We pioneers don’t like to deal with those uniformed workers since easy matters always become difficult when they’re involved. Let’s find another way!”

“No, it’s very easy!” Zhang Tie explained in a confused manner, “I will go in and bring it out for you, or you two can go inside with me and get it together…”

“Snade, I feel there is something wrong with the boy…” Huck said gloomily as Zhang Tie’s heart pounded…

At a dark corner of the street, Snade glanced at Zhang Tie coldly. “Huck, keep an eye on this guy. I will take a look around and see if what this boy is saying is true or not…”

The instant Snade left, Huck had already placed one hand onto Zhang Tie’s neck. “Kid, I feel that something is wrong. Don’t play tricks with me. If not, I will break your neck…”

Zhang Tie hurriedly nodded…

Ten minutes later, Snade came back and looked gloomy. “Let’s go back first…”

“Let me go. Give me two minutes and I will bring it back to you!”

“Shut up!” Snade lowered his voice. At the same time, Huck pinched his neck with even more force, causing Zhang Tie’s face to immediately turn purple…

“Keep him alive. Let’s go back and deal with him later…”

……

Then, the three of them returned to the hotel for pioneers faster than they had left. On the way back, Huck and Snade were both silent as they stared at Zhang Tie more fiercely and more viciously than before. As a result, Zhang Tie gradually became dejected. He knew that his plan had failed and the moment to determine his death or life was coming…



* * *





Chapter 57




Although this was a test, for Zhang Tie, it was not an impossible task. On the way back to the hotel, Zhang Tie realized that it was possible to lock onto the marvelous arched door between his eyebrows. That meant that once he was given a couple of seconds, he could disappear from their clutches and seek refuge in the Castle of Black Iron. However, once he did this, although he would be able to rid himself of the immediate danger, he could potentially bring a greater and more dangerous dilemma to his family. The secret of the Castle of Black Iron was something so great that once it was exposed, nobody related to him would be able to survive, be it his family, the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, and perhaps even Donder. In the eyes of those great figures, the lives of dozens meant nothing when compared to the secret of the Castle of Black Iron.

Returning to their room, they closed the door and Huck and Snade immediately showed their ruthlessness.

“Bang!” Zhang Tie was almost thrown onto the ground while his neck was still gripped by Huck. As a result, the bones all over his body almost broke, and as he couldn’t stand the pain, he cried out miserably.

“Quiet! That might be heard by others!” Snade told Huck. Hearing his words, Huck reluctantly pulled back his foot, which he had wanted to use to kick Zhang Tie. Squatting in front of Zhang Tie, Snade patted Zhang Tie’s face. “What’s your name?”

“My name is Du Shaofeng…”

“What’s your elder brother’s name?”

“Du Shaowu!”

“What’s his position in the City Guard Army of Blackhot City?”

“Major commander of the 3rd Battalion, 4th Regiment of the City Guard Army of Blackhot City…” Zhang Tie responded miserably, “That piece of wood was truly thrown to my nephew as a building block, I swear! Once you let me go back, I will bring it back to you. Why don’t you trust me? I have suggested for you to enter with me, yet you refused! What do you want?”

“Where is your home?” Snade ignored what Zhang Tie had said and continued.

“B301 in that community…”

After asking the question, Snade fetched some dirty rags and a rope before he forcefully opened Zhang Tie’s mouth and stuffed some rags into it, causing Zhang Tie to be unable to utter a single word. He then bound Zhang Tie’s hands with the rope. Afterwards, Snade patted his palms and stood up. He said something to Huck before leaving, resulting in only Zhang Tie and Huck being left in the room. Zhang Tie struggled on the ground for a while. He knew where Snade was heading for; however, he wasn’t afraid. Du Shaowu was his elder brother’s superior. He had heard information about the Du Family when he chatted with his elder brother. Unless Snade has a picture of Du Shaofeng, he would never be able to discover that Zhang Tie was telling a lie.

Half an hour later, Snade returned again.

“How about it?” Huck hurriedly asked as Snade closed the door from the inside.

Snade looked really gloomy. “It took me 1 gold coin to verify that all the kid’s words were true. There really is a major battalion commander by the name of Du Shaowu in the 3rd Battalion, 4th Regiment in the City Guard Army of Blackhot City. Du Shaowu has a younger brother called Du Shaofeng, who’s as old as this kid. They live in B301 in that community. In addition, Du Shaowu has a 2-year son…”

Hearing Snade’s words, Zhang Tie started to twist on the ground again.

“That’s impossible! I feel there is something wrong with what he has said…” Huck said furiously, “I should have kicked him to death!”

“I have also felt that there was something off about him, but I couldn’t figure it out. We have no other ways now. If the kid is still telling a lie, we have to kill him!” saying this, Snade moved in front of Zhang Tie. Squatting down, he patted Zhang Tie’s face with his hand before saying, “I have known since the beginning that you might be cheating us. I simply wanted to see what tricks you would play. Do you know your mistake? When a man tells a lie, his heartbeat would speed up, causing the veins all over his body to pulse even more strongly, and their body temperature would also slightly increase. Earlier when I had wrapped my hand around your neck, I could figure out when you were telling a lie through your pulse and your body temperature. I could feel that you became most nervous when we were walking towards those soldiers. If you were telling the truth, then your heart then shouldn’t have beat so quickly. You are smarter than most of the other kids at your age I have seen. Pitifully, you have met me!”

As he said this, Snade pulled Zhang Tie’s hair, ignoring how much he was struggling on the ground, and brought him into the washroom in the room while Huck followed behind.

Entering the washroom, Snade’s dagger suddenly appeared in his hand once again. With a chilly aura, Snade cut the rope on Zhang Tie’s hands. He then stepped on Zhang Tie’s left hand while he turned around Zhang Tie’s right hand and placed it onto the toilet bowl. Afterwards, he placed his dagger onto the artery of Zhang Tie’s right hand.

“You have one last chance. Tell us where you hid the token!” When Snade asked, he pulled out the rags from Zhang Tie’s mouth.

“It’s in my elder brother’s house. I really mean what I have told you! The reason I became nervous was because I was worried that you would kill me once you got that thing. I could feel that you two were having malicious thoughts and were trying to cheat me by exchanging for that thing with gold coins. Once you promise not to harm me, I will definitely bring that motherf*cking wooden plate back to you…” Zhang Tie seized the opportunity to explain. Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, Snade frowned and foisted the rags back into his mouth. Afterwards, Zhang Tie’s right wrist felt cold. Following an excruciating pain, fresh red blood trickled down into the toilet bowl. The instant Zhang Tie wanted to struggle, his body had already been held by Huck, causing him to be unable to move in the least.

The scene suddenly reminded Zhang Tie of how a butcher killed a pig. They bound the pig and poked it. He had found it funny when he saw people slaughter pigs; however, when he was the one slaughtered like a pig, Zhang Tie didn’t find it funny at all. He now started to understand how the pigs thought when they were being slaughtered…

First he felt pain, then it was followed by weakness, and finally, he felt cold. As more and more blood had flowed out, he gradually became more afraid…

“We have already lost patience! We will give you several minutes to tell us the truth. Once you do that, we’ll stop the bleeding and let you live…” Hearing the alluring words of Snade, Zhang Tie suddenly realized that how happy he was when he wasn't bleeding.

Blood continued to trickle down into the toilet bowl from Zhang Tie’s hand, turning the originally white toilet bowl into a pool of blood. Looking at the bloody toilet bowl, Zhang Tie suddenly remembered the topic that he and Donder were talking about, “Blood Sense”. He was truly amazed at how women didn’t feel pain when they bled every month… At that moment, Zhang Tie started to admire women… Gradually, he felt cold and weak. He forced a smile and muttered inside, “What mother*cking blood sense!? I really don’t understand it at all, but I am curious…”

Time slowly passed by as more and more blood trickled down from his right wrist.

He then felt dazed and could hardly lock onto that arched door in his mind. “Should I enter the Castle of Black Iron?” Zhang Tie asked himself. He wished to survive a bit longer; however, he didn’t want to bring a greater and more dangerous crisis to his family members and the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood.

During that period, the rags inside Zhang Tie’s mouth were pulled out one more time. Afterwards, Snade asked the same question, yet he received the same answer. Thus, the rags were stuffed back into Zhang Tie’s mouth…

Zhang Tie started to think of his mom’s plump shadow… the increasing white hair on his dad’s head… the pair of leather shoes and the underwear gifted by his elder brother… and Fatty Barley’s suggestion of getting circumcised…

“F*ck! I haven’t even been circumcised yet and am going to die a virgin. It truly is shameful to die as a virgin…” Zhang Tie felt that he was gradually losing his consciousness…

Looking at the young man’s pale face and his miserable white lips, Snade started to have doubts. He had estimated that the body had already lost over 1800 ml of blood. “If we don’t stop the bleeding, he will die soon. But, he still hasn’t said anything. Were we wrong? Could it be that what he has told us was true? Was the boy actually nervous because he realized we were having malicious thoughts?”

At this moment, Huck also stared at Snade. Since the two of them had worked together for many years now, Huck knew that the method Snade used had made many tough guys succumb to him. Very few people would simply wait for their death since it was much more miserable than just being immediately killed. Could this boy be tougher than those guys? Impossible! Otherwise… were the boy’s words true?

At that moment, Zhang Tie’s body had completely turned limp by itself. He was no longer able to move. If Zhang Tie simply died in this way, then the two would have to escape tonight from being endlessly hunted down by their organization.

Seeing the look in Huck’s eyes, Snade also became frustrated. He cursed as he placed two fingers onto Zhang Tie’s cut artery, “F*ck! Just stop the bleeding first. Maybe… he was telling the truth…”

With the artery on his right wrist being pressed down, the blood stopped flowing out. At the same time, Zhang Tie saw a bright light before his eyes among the endless darkness. A line of words appeared in his mind:

——The Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree has detected that the body energy, Qi, and blood of the lord is approaching a dangerous, minimum level. Do you want to begin recovery and invert the flow of blood and Qi through the Leakless Fruit ？

——Yes…No

Zhang Tie spent his last effort to click “Yes” in his mind…

……



* * *





Chapter 58




Huck and Snade carried Zhang Tie back onto the bed. Snade then pressed Zhang Tie’s artery as Huck fetched a strip of clean cloth and a vial. Opening the vial, Huck shook out some white powder onto the wounded wrist of Zhang Tie. Afterwards, he wrapped up the wound for Zhang Tie with the cloth strip quickly in a familiar motion as he discussed with Snade about their next course of action.

“It seems that he was telling the truth. What will we do when he wakes up tomorrow?” Huck asked impatiently. They never would have imagined that they had mistaken the kid and had almost killed him. Huck was somewhat afraid, as they would never get the token back if the kid was killed. If so, they would be killed as well.

Looking at Zhang Tie, who was in a deep coma, Snade frowned. “We can’t enter that community residence since it is 100 times more dangerous than that gang we swept. If we enter, we would be killed the instant the kid shouted out. We are not able to fight a major battalion commander like his elder brother, Du Shaofeng. According to the military traditions in Blackhot City, it’s impossible to become a major without being at least LV8 or LV9. So, we should try to avoid meeting his family members and have him bring it back to us…”

“But he’s too cunning! I swear he will betray us once he leaves!”

“So what do you have in plan?”

“We have to poison him and have him exchange the token for the antidote. If he’s smart, he knows what to do…”

“Good! But will we give him the antidote?”

“Heh, heh, we will kill him when we get the token and have ensured that he had not revealed it to other people. Since he has seen us, if he tells his elder brother about what had happened after getting the antidote, we will be screwed. That’s why we have to kill him…”

“We might be in trouble if we kill the kid since people in the hotel have seen us with the kid. His family would definitely be able to get that information through their rich connections!”

“That’s why we should contact the Niumuen Merchants Group in Blackhot City as soon as we get the token and reach an agreement for that event as well as the time for action. Once that’s out of the way, we will leave Blackhot City. One day after the kid has disappeared is enough time for us to complete our mission. By that time, his family members might not even have been able to respond to what had happened. After that… heh… heh… we will have to worry about nothing!”

“Once we succeed this time, Blackhot City would belong to us. And then we will definitely kill his elder brother, Du Shaowu, with the help of our Lord to prevent potential trouble…” Huck said viciously.

After wrapping up the wound for Zhang Tie, the two checked his wound and ensured that it would no longer bleed. Thankfully, Zhang Tie’s life had been temporarily saved. At that moment, Huck’s belly made a “gulugulu” sound, reminding them that they had not yet eaten supper. Nobody could survive without food, no matter how great he was.

“You go and buy some food from the hotel. I will go outside and prepare some things…”

“What about the kid?”

“We’ll return soon…” Snade stood up and stared at Zhang Tie, who was lying on the bed like a dead man. He then pressed and touched the spot by Zhang Tie’s heart and smirked. “Don’t worry about that kid. It would be amazing if he could wake up from the hemorrhagic shock tomorrow morning!”

Afterwards, the two left the bedroom and closed the door…

The instant the two left, Zhang Tie, who was supposed to be in a hemorrhagic shock from Snade’s observations, opened his eyes. Actually, when the two carried him onto the bed, Zhang Tie had already recovered his consciousness. Although he could still not move, he could still perceive everything that was going around him, thus he had heard what Snade and Huck had said.

Niumuen Merchants Group… Contact… Action… The alluring Blackhot City… Lord…

Zhang Tie felt cold all over. This time, he knew that he had gotten involved in a huge conspiracy against Blackhot City. Huck and Snade were just two trivial figures dispatched by an organization to contact the Niumuen Merchants Group in Blackhot City. That piece of red pine wood was the very token between the two and the Niumuen Merchants Group…

“What should I do now? I need to recover my strength and survive tonight at first!”

Zhang Tie smiled bitterly. He then closed his eyes again. He could feel something different from his head, spine, heart, and liver as a wisp of warm Qi was rising from those places…

Zhang Tie recovered consciousness through the first wisp of warm Qi rising from his head. He then could slowly controlled his movements and opened eyes through the second wisp of warm Qi rising from his spine. From the third wisp of warm Qi that rose from his heart and liver and spread to his organs, Zhang Tie could feel that he was quickly recovering his vitality…

Is this the result of the inverted flow of energy and qi and the blood regeneration from the Leakless Fruit? Zhang Tie tried to move his fingers and found that they could move.

Zhang Tie realized that this might be his beacon of hope tonight. As Huck and Snade thought he was in a hemorrhagic shock, they would never have imagined that he was already quickly recovering…

He had to escape before the two returned!

Zhang Tie was brimming with anxiety…

Within ten minutes, when Zhang Tie realized that he could sit up, he heard a series of heavy steps and the sound of someone opening the door. He then knew Huck that had returned, indicating that his escape plan would no longer work.

Zhang Tie then became dejected once again.

Be patient, patient, patient… Zhang Tie reminded himself. As long as he was patient enough, he would definitely find an opportunity. Closing his eyes again so that only a faint amount of light could be seen through the corners of his eyes, Zhang Tie began to observe what was going on in the room…

“Well, just put food on it. I will take it in myself, you can go…”

“Yes, enjoy…”

Afterwards, a dining cart was pushed away and the door was opened as Huck entered with plates full of food on them. Instantly, the room was filled with the fragrance of food. After placing the food on the table, Huck walked towards the bed. Zhang Tie then fully closed his eyes and pretended to be relaxed. Huck put one finger under Zhang Tie’s nose and confirmed that Zhang Tie was still breathing before turning around. At the same time, Zhang Tie slightly opened his eyes and observed the situation in the room through the corners of his eyes.

Zhang Tie saw Huck walking towards those plates. The moment Huck picked up something, he suddenly thought of something. He then put it down and muttered something. Afterwards, he wandered in the room anxiously.

“F*ck, I never want to do this again…” Huck cursed.

Snade also came back within 2 minutes.

“How was it?”

“I’ve made the preparations. We will feed him the poison when he wakes up!”

“Fine, let’s eat. I am so hungry!”

The two then walked to the table. Zhang Tie saw Snade taking an object out and poking the food and the bottle of alcohol with it. After observing the object for a while, Snade uttered, “It’s clean. We can eat it!”

However, less than 2 minutes since they started eating, the sounds of knocking drifted from outside. The man on the other side of the door shouted, “Magistrate of Blackhot City, routine investigation. All registered persons, please come out…”

Instantly, the doors opened and curses reverberated in the hall…

“Why so late? I had already fallen asleep!”

“Buddy, what are you doing?” Complaints were heard everywhere in the hotel.

“Friends, I’m very sorry. Since some things have happened in Blackhot City recently, we have to do some security checks. As you might have heard, a couple of days ago, someone had set fire to a place near the railway station. It’s said that there were dozens of bodies found from that incident. Because of that incident, the big figures were really shocked, and the magistrates are forced to do security checks. As it’s almost time for the curfew, people who have registered at the hotel would be in big trouble if they’re not in the hotel now. Therefore, simply show your face…” As the serviceman in the hotel explained what was happening loudly, those curses gradually disappear. Although those pioneers were defiant, they were not idiots. Nobody wanted to fight those guys in uniforms.

“Motherf*cker…” After cursing, Huck and Snade stood up and walked outside the door.

Hearing the door having been closed from outside, Zhang Tie opened his eyes immediately. Seeing the food and alcohol on the table, Zhang Tie suddenly thought up of a crazy idea. “F*ck you, bastards, I don’t care about what happens to you anyways…”

Be quick!

Zhang Tie closed his eyes and locked onto the arched door in his mind. In a split second, he disappeared from the room and entered the Castle of Black Iron…

——Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, welcome to the Castle of Black Iron!



* * *





Chapter 59




Before the line had even disappeared, Zhang Tie had already long tumbled in…

“Handsome and magnificent my ass! I was almost slaughtered like a pig. Since you two didn’t kill me, I will definitely kill you,” Zhang Tie ruthlessly declared in his heart.

Even though he felt very weak, he was still able to run. The moment he appeared in the Castle of Black Iron, he immediately ran towards the sundry box…

Inside the box were the two killing weapons gifted by Donder, the “powerful rat poison” and a dagger. Besides being matched with poisonous needles, the dagger’s edge had also been quenched in snake poison and thus had the same amazing lethality.

Although this was risky, Zhang Tie decided to give it a try.

The distance between the place he had appeared in the Castle of Black Iron and the box were only a few steps apart; however, by the time he arrived before the box, Zhang Tie was already slightly panting and his hands and feet felt weak. He quickly took out the vial of “powerful rat poison” and the dagger from the box. Zhang Tie then squatted and took in two deep breaths. Afterwards, it took him more than 10 seconds to lock onto that arched door in his mind again.

Exit!

In the next moment, Zhang Tie reappeared in the bedroom, squatting on the bed.

After having accessed the Castle of Black Iron over many days, Zhang Tie had noticed a reoccurring pattern when accessing it—he will reappear exactly at the place where he had entered.

It was still bustling outside. It seemed that the investigation won’t be over very soon, thus Zhang Tie took in a few deep breaths and moved off the bed with the smallest and slightest strength he could muster. Bending his body, he stealthily moved in front of the pile of food. After glancing over where the cups and plates were placed, he then took out the “powerful rat poison” and opened the alcohol bottle deftly and rapidly before pouring in half of the “powerful rat poison”. He then spread the leftover “powerful rat poison” into the bowl of thick soup and slightly swirled the alcohol bottle and stirred the rich soup. Afterwards, he returned to his bed and threw the empty vial of “powerful rat poison” back into his pocket. He then pulled out of the dagger as he held it tightly under his body, pretending as if he had not awoken even for a moment… As Donder had told him that a dose of the “powerful rat poison” was enough to kill 20 elephants, Zhang Tie didn’t believe that Huck and Snade would be stronger than 20 elephants.

Nervous, really nervous…

Closing his eyes again, Zhang Tie felt his heart pounding like a beating drum. He was extremely nervous and kept taking in deep breaths. Zhang Tie kept repeating in his mind—easy, take it easy!

Easy, take it easy!

Easy, take it easy!

……

Zhang Tie slowly calmed down in this way. Repeating this phrase in his heart, he was able to calm down. This was a useful method that was taught in school for occasions such as this.

Zhang Tie then waited for Huck and Snade as if nothing had happened…

Huck and Snade stood outside the door coldly for about 3 minutes before the owner of the hotel came towards them with several magistrates. After checking the names they registered with and asking a few silly questions, they left. Afterwards, Huck and Snade stared at each other at the same time, as they had already figured out what the alleged investigation meant. Usually, the magistrates of Blackhot City preferred to slack off by capturing several hapless people. Nobody would have expected that the fatty magistrates would have already figured out what had truly happened in that fire.

When the two returned to the bedroom, Zhang Tie had already been laying on the bed for a bit less than one minute. Everything remained unchanged in the room, and the food was still hot on the table, thus the two continued their meal.

Huck drunk some alcohol, and Snade simply ate a bit of the rich soup.

Laying on the bed, Zhang Tie glanced over them through the corner of his eye. When Huck chugged a large cup of alcohol, Zhang Tie gripped his dagger more tightly. As Snade was someone who would notice if he looked, he did not dare to look at him.

Zhang Tie was very nervous. He was afraid that Snade wouldn’t have eaten even a bit of the poisoned food by the time the poison took effect on Huck. However, after a few seconds, Zhang Tie became reassured when he saw Snade drink a large spoon of the rich soup, thus he held onto that dagger even more tightly...

One minute after Huck drunk the alcohol…

“I feel a bit uncomfortable…” saying this, Huck’s face suddenly turned black. He then inclined and fell backwards onto the ground from his chair.

“Huck!” Snade exclaimed. At the same time, he also felt a bit uncomfortable and noticed that something was moving on the bed behind him.

When Huck fell backwards, Zhang Tie had actually already fully opened his eyes. At that moment, Zhang Tie had slightly adjusted his posture so that he could use the dagger more easily.

Although Zhang Tie tried his best to not make any noise, his movements were actually noticed by Snade. Turning around, Snade stared at Zhang Tie while Zhang Tie stared back at him. At that moment, he looked even more surprised than he did when Huck had fallen over. Instinctively, he pulled out his dagger and charged at Zhang Tie, stabbing it towards Zhang Tie’s neck like how a poisonous snake would spit out its tongue…

Having been long prepared for Snade’s attack, Zhang Tie only made one movement—he rolled onto the ground from the bed, avoiding Snade’s first strike…

Stabbing towards Zhang Tie, who was laying on the ground, Snade’s face turned pale. He then slightly stopped and intended to throw his dagger at Zhang Tie; however, at the same time, Zhang Tie pressed the button on his dagger, releasing two poisonous needles that instantly shot into Snade’s shank and thigh. The snake poison on the needles immediately paralyzed Snade all over, resulting in his hand remaining raised as he was no longer able to move. Zhang Tie then jumped up from the ground and fiercely stabbed Snade’s heart with his dagger.

Laying on the ground, Snade didn’t die instantly. Instead, he gazed at Zhang Tie with his widened eyes as the corner of his mouth twitched. “Wh… why…”

There were so many questions in Snade’s mind. He couldn’t figure out how this young man, who should have been in a hemorrhagic shock, could recover in such a short period of time. He couldn’t figure out where the dagger and the poison had come from. He clearly remembered that he had searched this young man all over and found nothing that stood out. Why? How did it end like this…

With widely opened eyes, Snade died with many unanswered questions.

Kneeling on the ground, Zhang Tie panted for quite a while before he was able to slightly recover from the dizziness attributed to the lack of blood. The small tree in the Castle of Black Iron was not omnipotent; even now, he still has not fully recovered his strength, Qi, and blood. At that moment, Zhang Tie felt weak all over and had no strength at all, as he had exerted all his efforts just now. His forehead was covered in sweat, feeling as if he had just finished a 10 km run on the training ground at school. Over the past few minutes, he had experienced his most dangerous moment in his life yet.

In the end, Zhang Tie survived, while Huck and Snade became corpses.

Kneeling on the ground, Zhang Tie adjusted his breathing. He quickly wracked his brain on how to deal with their bodies. Zhang Tie knew that he had made a very dangerous decision, one which might tear him into pieces if he didn’t deal with it carefully. Thus, Zhang Tie had to deal with it very carefully and not leave a single trace.

Zhang Tie was thinking about how to deal with the weird scene in the room; lying on both sides of him were two bodies that had turned completely black, while he was kneeling on the ground like a sculpture. He remained still for quite a while. It was still noisy outside the door, as the magistrates haven’t left the hotel yet.

Three minutes later, after recovering a bit more, Zhang Tie picked himself up from the ground. After confirming that Huck was truly dead, he gave up on the idea of stabbing him once more. He then pulled Huck’s body over and put it together with Snade’s body. Afterwards, he searched every corner of the room and found their luggage. Several seconds later, lowering himself to hug Snade’s dead body, Zhang Tie disappeared together with their luggage hung on his shoulders.

1 minute later, Zhang Tie reappeared in the room. This time, he fetched a watertight cloak from their luggage and packaged all the food and tableware. Hanging the package on his arm, he went over to Huck, squatting as he hugged the body that weighed about 100 kg. More than 10 seconds later, Zhang Tie disappeared once again.

This time, it took him longer than before. After more than 10 minutes, Zhang Tie tumbled and reappeared in the room with a pale face…

Back in the room, Zhang Tie had already changed his clothes. As Snade’s figure was similar to his, Zhang Tie put on a suite of clothes from Snade’s luggage along with a cold-protective hooded cloak which was usually worn by pioneers. After doing this, Zhang Tie glanced over the room.

——Flush the fresh blood in the toilet bowl. Clean his and Snade’s blood using the towel in the toilet.

——Rearrange the chair lying on the ground.

——Arrange the bed well.

——Confirm that no evidence related to him, Huck, and Snade were left in the room.

He even checked it over for the second time. Sometimes, Zhang Tie even felt that he himself was somewhat a lunatic. Finally, on his second check, he picked up several strands of black hair from the bed.

Before leaving the room, Zhang Tie tossed the towel drenched in his blood into his pocket as he glanced over the room one last time. Actually, he made it even cleaner than what the servicemen usually does at the hotel. Like all hotels for pioneers, the guests paid before they lived in the room, thus the owner of the hotel would not feel anything out of place when the guests left without even bidding farewell.

Nodding inwardly, Zhang Tie put on Snade’s clothes and raised the hood of the cloak in hopes to avoid being identified by others. He then sped up and left the hotel. Without careful looking, most people in the hotel could only mistake Zhang Tie for Snade. For the others who didn’t know what had happened, this was also the last trace of Snade in this world...

When he left, Zhang Tie glanced at the clock hanging in the hotel. It was 11:52, 8 minutes before the curfew…

The magistrates had just left. Everybody else found it normal to closely follow the magistrates out of the hotel like Zhang Tie, as they knew every pioneer was rather bold.

Sneaking out of the hotel, Zhang Tie especially chose dim alleys and paths and found a dark corner about 200m away from the hotel. Taking off Snade’s clothes and cloak, he threw them into a roadside trash can. The next morning, some lucky wanderer or beggar would receive a nice surprise.

After throwing away those clothes, Zhang Tie wrapped the towel dyed in his blood around a rock and threw it into a smelly sewer on one side of the road. As a result, all evidence was eliminated. Zhang Tie then let out a sigh of relief.

After doing all of this, Zhang Tie chose the avenues and streets without roadside lamps and stealthily walked towards home. In the meantime, he started to think of how he would answer his mom’s questions when he got back, as this was the first time he has returned home after midnight.

……

“Stop!” A gloomy order drifted over. It really frightened Zhang Tie, as he was walking around a corner stealthily. A squad of patrolling soldiers shone their lanterns onto Zhang Tie’s face, directly revealing him. Due to the strong light from the lamps, Zhang Tie wasn’t even able to open his eyes. Hearing the safety wires of the bows being pulled on in the surrounding darkness, Zhang Tie hurriedly raised his hands and stayed still.

“What are you doing here?” A captain of about 20 years old walked towards Zhang Tie coldly with his right hand on the sword handle over his waist. Being alert, he didn’t become relaxed until he saw clearly that Zhang Tie, who looked slightly pale, didn’t carry a weapon with him.

“I’m… going home!” Zhang Tie stammered. In a split second, Zhang Tie found that he had already been surrounded by more than ten soldiers. Facing the bows in their hands, Zhang Tie did not dare to make the slightest movement. He had just escaped from Huck and Snade, and it would be really motherf*cking unworth it to be killed by those average soldiers here.

“Going back home? Why are you so late?” the young captain continued.

“I… I played outside today and forgot the time!”

“Where do you live?”

Zhang Tie told him his home address…

“Are you still in school?”

“Yes. Tomorrow is the last day!”

“I remember that block is close to Ninth National Male Middle School!”

“I’m from Seventh National Male Middle School!”

“Ah, yes. Has Mr. Fiore the biology teacher been well?”

“Miss Daina is the one who taught us biology. Mr. Fiore taught us law!”

Hearing the last answer of Zhang Tie, the captain showed a smile and raised his hand. Seeing his response, the other soldiers put away their weapons, alleviating the tension in the surrounding air.

“Leader, is this kid your schoolmate?” a soldier asked.

Zhang Tie stared at this captain of the City Guard Army of Blackhot City in surprise. He really didn’t think that this man had also graduated from Seventh National Male Middle School.

“I’m Joy. I have also graduated from Seventh National Male Middle School. It’s already past the curfew, why are you so late?”

“Erm… I played… too much... outside and lost track of the time!”

Seeing Zhang Tie’s pale face, his unsteady body, and his staggering tone, Joy understood it immediately, and so did the other soldiers. Thus, all of them laughed out loudly, as they had already captured several students similar to Zhang Tie after the curfew in these past few days.

“Little bro, it must have been your first time touching a woman today. You should watch out for your health!” Joy suggested him kindly, “Since we’re on the way, let us send you home just in case. Otherwise, you might be caught by the other patrol guards!”

Unexpectedly, Joy was so kind-hearted. Hence, Zhang Tie kept walking along with them until they reached an intersection that was less than 200m away from his home.

Seeing the lamplights at home, Zhang Tie became somewhat upset, as his dad and mom would have always fallen asleep by this time. Needless to say, they were waiting for him. Entering his house, Zhang Tie saw his dad and mom were just sitting there, waiting for his return. His mom looked furious, while his dad looked dejected, seemingly as if he had been cursed at by his mom. Hearing the door open, his dad and mom saw him coming back and immediately let out a sigh of relief.

His mom instantly rushed forward and looked all over Zhang Tie carefully. Seeing Zhang Tie’s pale face, his mom poked his forehead with force. Without saying a word, she only stared at Zhang Tie and his dad, humphed, and went upstairs.

Followed by mom, his dad also walked up to Zhang Tie. Staring at Zhang Tie’s face, he flicked at Zhang Tie’s forehead several times ferociously. “Son, why are you so late? I have already poured out everything to your mom. Because of you, my private money was completely confiscated by your mom!” After saying that, his dad also turned around and went upstairs. However, several steps later, he turned back and asked obscenely, “How many times?”

Hearing his dad’s words, Zhang Tie was puzzled and almost shouted out—your son has not circumcised!

Receiving no response, Zhang Tie’s dad felt like that question made him lose face as a dad. Hence, he pretended to be serious, coughed twice, and followed Zhang Tie’s mom upstairs.

Seeing his dad’s shadow disappearing at the corner of the stairs, Zhang Tie suddenly felt moved and shouted out, “Dad!”

“Hmm?” His dad turned around and became curious about what Zhang Tie was going to say.

“I love you!”

“Boy, I swear you will get no more money from me! I was almost cursed to death by your mom…” Being scared by Zhang Tie’s words, his dad intended to leave but soon turned around again. “Your mom has already prepared dinner for you. It’s in the pot!”

Standing in the simple yet warm guest room, Zhang Tie looked around. Thinking back to what had happened to him just one hour ago, Zhang Tie felt a sense of rebirth. Especially when he heard the last words from dad, Zhang Tie couldn’t stop his tears anymore…

——————



* * *





Chapter 60




Although he had benefited from the inverted energy flow from the Leakless Fruit, Zhang Tie was still not able to recover from losing a large amount of blood after just one night of rest. On Friday, his biological clock, which would usually wake him at 6:00 am, was late, thus on that day, he did not wake up until it was almost 8:00 am.

Whatever, it felt much better than yesterday. At the very least, Zhang Tie’s face was not as pale as yesterday. Although he was still weak, he could stand it. It felt like he had made several wet dreams overnight.

What the f*ck! Who said bleeding was beneficial to health? Thinking back to those liars on the streets of Blackhot City who encouraged passersby to donate blood for the sake of health, Zhang Tie became really furious. Blood was the energy essence of the human body. How could people become healthier without blood? If anyone else delivered such a leaflet to Zhang Tie, he would definitely spit on his face. Those liars sold your blood for money while telling you that bleeding was beneficial for your metabolism and the recovery of your stem cells. Motherf*ckers!

Since he had gotten up so late this morning, Zhang Tie was almost late for the last day of school. In addition, the way his mom gave him a strange look simply made him feel embarrassed. He remembered that Miss Daina had once said that when one lost too much blood due to some incident, they should eat sugar and protein to recovery quicker. Hence, Zhang Tie, who was always frugal in the past few years, bought himself the most “luxurious” breakfast that he has ever eaten, costing him more than 50 copper coins—a carton of milk and two eggs!. Thus, Zhang Tie felt really depressed about the money he had spent. However, by the time he arrived at school, he felt like he had recovered quicker both physically and mentally.

……

Barley must have already shared what he had experienced last night with the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood. As Zhang Tie expected, the instant he entered the classroom, the other horny members of the Hit-Plane Brother burst out into laughter.

“Bro, just tell us what’s making you so unhappy. We’ll make you happy!” Just as Zhang Tie expected, Hista was the first to ask.

If it was the day before yesterday, Zhang Tie definitely would have felt frustrated and irritated; however, after surviving last night’s ordeal and taking two lives, Zhang Tie’s way of thinking became completely different. Facing Hista’s ridicule, Zhang Tie simply smiled. “As you know, I’m still a virgin. Are you satisfied now?”

Zhang Tie’s response surprised everybody. Everyone thought that Zhang Tie must have suffered a serious blow and was somewhat depressed. Seeing Zhang Tie’s look, Hista comforted him, “Never mind, I know a good clinic. It’s just a small operation. It will take you just one or two weeks to recover after the operation. If it wasn’t for the upcoming survival training, I would personally take you there. The operation only costs a bit more than 60 silver coins, and we currently don’t have enough money, so Barley already had a talk with us. We have all decided to save some money for you. We will take this survival training as an opportunity, and perhaps we can get something valuable!”

“That’s right, we will never let you drag us down!”

“If there is a virgin in our brotherhood, it would really make us lose face!”

Hearing their words, Zhang Tie felt warm inside. “These cute bastards!”

Speaking of money, Zhang Tie suddenly thought of the two dead bodies in the Castle of Black Iron. The two of them seemed to have a lot of money. He was trying his best to survive last night and was extremely spent both physically and mentally; hence, after returning home, he simply ate something and went to bed. He had almost forgotten about their money.

Thinking of the pile of gold in Snade’s purse, Zhang Tie immediately became spirited. He could not wait to go back home and searched through the two dead bodies. They might even have something more valuable.

“I’m rich! I’m really rich this time!”

On their last day of school, they only had morning classes. After gathering all the undergraduates, the school staff reiterated the dangers and the solemnity of this survival training and delicately repeated the basic necessities that needed to be brought with them. Afterwards, all the undergraduates left school. All of them had two and a half days to prepare for the things requested.

According to the school, every undergraduate should at the very least prepare the following things: a weapon, a sleeping bag, and 5 days worth of food. They could bring along a raincoat if their family could afford it. With the exception of extra food, they could pretty much bring whatever they wanted, assuming they were able to bring it along. Additionally, this year, undergraduates from four middle schools will be taking part in the survival training in the Wild Wolf Valley, which was 70 km west of Blackhot City. This was their final chance to show off their abilities. Those who performed the best during the survival training might even receive a recommendation from their school, giving them a chance to change their fates.

As it would be their last lunch at the school, the school prepared two spoons of meat for each undergraduate, which they had really enjoyed. After finishing lunch, Zhang Tie felt that he had recovered about 70% of his physical and mental strength.

After lunch, everybody was busy seizing the last chance to take photos. Although it was expensive to take a photo, a great amount of people still chose to take photos on this very day. Hence, the photo studios outside the school gate made a lot of money today. The photographers were extremely busy, and the powdered magnesium flashed and puffed here and there on the school campus…

Standing to the side, the lower grade students were admiring them. They didn’t understand that that photo might be the last trace of those horny undergraduates in the world.

Besides making love, one should leave something behind to show others that they had existed in this secular world!

For many of the horny students, ending one’s virgin status and taking a photo before the beginning of their survival training had almost become a ceremony.

The seven members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood also took a photo together. In front of the school gate, they stood in a line against the wall that said “Welcome to the Age of Black Iron”. On the farthest left was Bagdad, who was crossing his arms cooly, showing his developed muscles. Next to him was Leit, whose hair was shining, giving him a look of a mature man. Then there was Sharwin, who gave a bashful smile, and Doug, who had one of his arms wrapping around Fatty Barley’s neck. As for Barley, the one who was asked to pay for the photo, he forced a smile although he was miserable inside. Like an idiot, Hista made a hand posture in the form of “V”. Standing on the rightmost position was Zhang Tie, who was somewhat sad and frustrated as he gave off a stiff appearance. The only thing in his mind at the moment was that he would rarely have the opportunity to see Miss Daina from this point on!

With a dazzling flash and a sound of “Bang!”, a puff of magnesium powder started to rise up. Everybody’s youth and shadow were set fixed!

……

“In the next two days, we should prepare well. Bring as many useful things as you can. In addition, we should stay together during the survival training. That way, we could look after each other during critical situations. The moment to test the unity of our brotherhood is coming!” Barley suggested to the other members of the Brotherhood before they left school. “I will bring a first-aid kit, a bow, and some medicine for curing wounds. As for the others, each of us should bring as much as possible!”

“A bow? You really have a rich dad!” Sharwin was surprised while everybody else, including Zhang Tie, was staring at Barley in admiration.

“No way. If I kick the bucket this time, there will be nobody to help him through his old age. He prepared the bow for me since he was even more nervous than me…” Barley shrugged.

“Alright, bros, it’s time to fight! See you next Monday!”

“Okay, see you next Monday!”

“See you next Monday!”

A group of horny students departed outside the school gate and walked in all directions.

“Bighead, take care. I found that Glaze’s group has been too low-key recently. I feel that there’s something wrong and am somewhat curious about what they’re doing!” Barley warned Zhang Tie in a low voice before leaving.

“Don’t worry!” Zhang Tie patted Barley’s shoulder and gave him a sincere smile. He was probably worried that Glaze’s group would take revenge for what had happened two days ago. However, after what had happened last night, Zhang Tie didn’t take Glaze’s affair seriously in the least.

Barley scratched his head as he said, “I don’t know why, but I feel like you are completely different than yesterday!”

“Haha, I have really suffered a blow from yesterday’s incident. It seems that I have to think things through!” Zhang Tie prattled.

“Is that true?” Barley glanced at Zhang Tie dubiously.

“Whatever, take care of yourself!”

“Alright, I will!”

……

Separating from Barley, Zhang Tie arrived at the Iron Thorns Fighting Club. Today, he would be a flesh bag here again and would also receive his salary. Starting from next week, he would have to attend the survival training, and thus he would not be able to come here. Therefore, he had to ask for a leave from Director Huck.



* * *





Chapter 61




It was safe on the way to the fighting club. When he arrived at the fighting club in the afternoon, there were no guests in the LV1 service area; hence, Zhang Tie decided to use the special training instruments in the training area, which could not be seen at his school at all, as his body slowly recovered. Zhang Tie had intended to test his physical condition using fthe special instruments many times to discern the gap between him and Glaze; however, he abstained from doing so in the end. He was worried that it would bring him troubles once the fact that he was a LV 1 fighter was disclosed to the public. Additionally, he had killed two people last night and was also involved in an extremely large incident. At this important juncture, he should remain low-key, reminding him of an Eastern proverb that his dad had once told him—”Exposed rafters will rot first”. Glaze was a prime example of the negative consequences mentioned in the proverb. Having realized that there were many secrets hidden within himself, Zhang Tie didn’t want to repeat the same mistake that Glaze had; therefore, he was determined to hide his real identity as much as he could.

It took God 10,000 years to create an olive tree, but the life of a soybean sprout would end in a week.

“I want to be an olive tree,” Zhang Tie mumbled to himself.

As he had been in the fighting club for the entire afternoon, they had even provided him a meal at work in the evening. The meal at work provided for the ordinary staff was really substantial; it was even better than what he had enjoyed today at school for lunch.

Suddenly, Zhang Tie realized that he had eaten meat for three consecutive meals, which had been a humble dream that he has had ever since he was a child. Without knowing it, his dream was simply realized in one day.

Was this the legendary proverb “If one can avoid disaster, one will experience a wonderful blessing after”?

After finishing the meal provided at work, Zhang Tie felt that he had recovered a bit more. After resting for another hour, Benet finally arrived…

As usual, Zhang Tie was being fiercely beaten; however, this time, after having survived the terrifying life and death situation last night, Zhang Tie looked much calmer when facing Benet’s attacks. He didn’t even feel the slightest bit of nervousness this time and responded much quicker both physically and mentally. Zhang Tie could freely transition between movement and stillness. Having the mental advantage, Zhang Tie hid his physical disadvantage today and stuck it through to the very end. This time, he was neither knocked over nor did he pass out.

After another exhausting fight, Zhang Tie and Benet both threw themselves onto the ground as they panted. Seeing Benet’s arrogant air, Zhang Tie started to really admire him. Regardless of the kid’s family background and his character, Zhang Tie started to like this 12-year old boy simply because of his unyielding perseverance. Zhang Tie realized that those rich families might not be as extravagant, as arrogant, and as silly as commoners had thought; they must have some extraordinary traits to become wealthy.

“You are not bad” sitting on the ground as he drank from the water bottle passed by the kid, the sweat covered Zhang Tie praised. After a few times, Zhang Tie had learnt how to undo the damned head protector. Between him and the kid, there was also a slight understanding.

“Don’t expect me to go easy on you simply because you praised me!” The sweat covered Benefit smirked as he gazed at Zhang Tie. “I have been immune to this naïve trick a long time ago. In order to marry Mary one day, I will definitely defeat you. To me, you are just a stepping stone. Your miserable destiny was predestined!”

Motherf*cker! Hearing his words, Zhang Tie wanted to immediately beat him up ruthlessly. After a while, Zhang Tie stood up and glanced at him. “I will be attending the survival training next Monday, so you will not see me in the next two months. I hope your fighting strength can be as sharp as your mouth when I come back!

“Don’t kick the bucket; otherwise, I would not be able to realize the promise I made with Mary!” the kid retorted.

The two stared at each other fiercely before Zhang Tie had left. It was not until Zhang Tie had left the training room did Benet start to realize that Zhang Tie had recovered faster than him!

……

Leaving the fighting club, Zhang Tie didn’t immediately return home; instead, he had arrived at Donder’s grocery store that was near the railway station. The moment Zhang Tie arrived, Donder, who had been preparing to close the store, caught sight of Zhang Tie and harrumphed, seemingly as if he was still complaining about Zhang Tie’s verbal assault yesterday.

“Do old men really care about having their d*ck laughed at?” Zhang Tie laughed at Donder’s response.

Zhang Tie also didn’t say a word. He simply helped Donder close the windows and the door and cleaned the store. Afterwards, before Donder had been able to speak, Zhang Tie abruptly hugged him tightly, greatly frightening Donder.

“Bad boy, what are you doing!? Quickly let go. I am not interested in men!” Donder shouted loudly.

Letting go, Zhang Tie stared at Donder with a careful and sincere look. “Thank you…”

Without Donder’s two gifts, he might really have died last night, thus he was really grateful to Donder.

“Thanks for what? Didn’t you have a lot of fun the other night? How did the woman feel?” Donder pretended to be calm.

Feeling embarrassed, Zhang Tie scratched his head. “I’m still a virgin!”

“You didn’t look for a woman last night?” Donder became curious and immediately looked gossipy.

“I did!” Zhang Tie answered honestly.

“You didn’t do it?”

“Half way!”

“Soft?”

“Hard, very hard!”

“What happened…”

Zhang Tie was embarrassed and whispered to Donder about what had happened.

“Hahahaha…” The obscene fatty laughed out loudly, almost rolling on the ground. He felt so happy. After laughing for quite a while, Donder wiped the tears at the corners of his eyes and patted Zhang Tie on the shoulder. “Boy, what did I teach you before? Don’t be too arrogant! Otherwise, you will suffer from revenge! If you had asked me about that earlier, you could have discovered this problem in advance. It would be a shame if you died in the survival training as a virgin!”

“I won’t die that easily!” Zhang Tie confidently said. Feeling the confidence from his words, Donder could not help but stare at Donder for quite a while. “I came to tell you that I won’t be coming for the next two months!”.

Smiling, Donder waved his hand. “Actually, even after the survival training, you don’t need to come here. It will almost be time for you to start your new life afterwards, so there will be many things you will have to deal with. Not to mention that I’ve already taught you everything I can here. If you come here, you won’t be able to gain any more benefits. But! If you have time, you are free to come and chat with me!”

……

On his way home after leaving Donder’s grocery store, Zhang Tie suddenly felt that he had grown up a lot. That small grocery store and the Seven National Male Middle School seemed to have disappeared from his life all in a sudden. What was waiting for him was the mysterious, unknown world outside the lofty city walls…

“Let’s see what Huck and Snade have left for me!”

Thinking of this, Zhang Tie sped up and ran home…

As usual, it was late when he returned home, Zhang Tie pushed open the door and smelt an aroma of chicken soup.

Unknown whether his mom was still angry about what had happened last night or because she didn’t know what to say to Zhang Tie, when Zhang Tie returned home, his mom was in her bedroom. His father alone waited for him with a bitter look on his face.

“Chicken soup is in the pot. After you finish, quickly go to bed!” dad said coldly and left.

All the food was in the pot. After drinking a small bowl of chicken soup and finishing washing the bowls, Zhang Tie went back to his room.

The instant he returned to his room, Zhang Tie entered the Castle of Black Iron.

——Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, welcome to the Castle of Black Iron!

The familiar words gradually disappeared. Zhang Tie took in a deep breath and walked towards the two dead bodies. Ever since he had carried them in, he hadn’t carefully checked them. Since only a single day has passed, their bodies hadn’t begun to rot, which made Zhang Tie feel reassured.

Walking over to Snade’s dead body, Zhang Tie pulled the dagger out of Snade’s body. Yesterday, he was worried that blood would spurt everywhere if he were to pull out the dagger from Snade’s body, which would make it difficult to deal with. Since a day has gone by, blood would naturally no longer spray from the corpse.

Although both Snade and Huck were jet black, they did not look frightening. The powerful rat poison really took effect too fast. Before it was even noticed, the violent toxicity had already killed them; it was so fast that not even a frightened expression was left on their faces.

Huck had already closed his eyes. In contrast, Snade’s eyes were still widely open, seemingly as if he still had many questions.

“It was you guys who wanted to kill me first, so you can’t blame me for this. I just wanted to survive...” Zhang Tie prayed silently while feeling terrified. After praying, he started to search through Snade’s corpse first. He remembered that Snade seemed to have a purse filled with gold coins. After having seen it last night, Zhang Tie was no longer able to remove it from his mind.



* * *





Chapter 62




As expected, Snade didn’t let Zhang Tie down.

Just by searching Snade’s coat a bit, Zhang Tie found the heavy purse that he had been dreaming about all day. Pulling it out of Snade’s coat, he shook the purse twice. Hearing the sharp sound of the clashing of the coins, the pores all over Zhang Tie’s body seemed to have expanded.

The sound was so beautiful that Zhang Tie felt it was the most pleasant sound that he has ever heard. Compared to the sound of the clashes between the gold coins, even the elegant songs of the church choirs became as boring as the quacking of ducks.

“Huala! Huala!”[1] Zhang Tie moved the purse close to his ear and shook it. Hearing the clashes of the gold coins, Zhang Tie became excited all over, both physically and mentally.

“Huala! Huala!” With two more shakes, Zhang Tie realized that what had happened yesterday was worth it.

“Huala! Huala!” With another two shakes, Zhang Tie seemed to see Miss Daina’s smile…

“Huala! Huala!” With two more shakes, the whole world became alive…

With the purse in hand, Zhang Tie looked like a slow-witted guy. As he shook the purse closely by his ear, a foolish grin crept onto his face. With two more shakes, he made another foolish smile. He kept repeating that boring game for 5 or 6 minutes before he finally burst out into laughter.

Let me see the surprise inside the purse!

Opening the purse, Zhang Tie squatted on the ground and poured out all the coins from the purse. “Huala!” With one sound of clashing coins, all the coins were poured onto the ground. Seeing those silver and golden rays reflected on the coins, Zhang Tie was so excited that he almost passed out. With a quivering hand, Zhang Tie picked up a gold coin and carefully took a look at it. On the front of the gold coin was a huge locomotive releasing smoke, while the back of the coin showed the symbol of the Andaman Alliance, the 17 Star Rings. This coin was issued by the Andaman Alliance and was called the “Locomotive” Gold Coin by the commoners. Ever since Zhang Tie was born, he had never touched a single gold coin, let alone owning one. Weighing the gold coin by hand, Zhang Tie was brimming with happiness.

Zhang Tie became more energetic as he continued to search through Snade’s body. This time, he found a leather bag that was secured close to Snade’s waist. Removing its cover, Zhang Tie moved closer and took a whiff, only to smell a strange, medicinal scent. Inside the bag were various colorful vials. Unfortunately, the vials were not labeled, thus based on his current capabilities, Zhang Tie naturally didn’t know what was inside. Thinking for a while, Zhang Tie put them back inside the leather bag and placed the bag back into Snade’s coat. He was not interested in what was inside the vials, as those things had to be destroyed.

Besides the gold coins and the leather bag, Zhang Tie found nothing else on Snade’s body; however, he was already very pleased with what he had found.

After searching over Snade, Zhang Tie went for Huck. There was also a purse inside Huck’s coat. Seeing the purse that was as heavy as Snade’s, Zhang Tie soon felt blood rushing to his head. After pouring out all the money from Huck and Snade’s purses, Zhang Tie took in two deep breaths. He then continued to search Huck’s body. This time, he found another leather bag with four vials of medicine used to heal wounds inside. Those medicines were produced by the Continental Pharmacists Union and were packed with their packaging and symbol. These medicines were also sold in Donder’s grocery store. Opening one vial, Zhang Tie smelt it and tasted it a bit. It was of high quality. Zhang Tie found no fake substances inside. It was really difficult to buy a vial of this kind of medicine in the market, especially in the shops neighboring the railway station. As taro powder was neither harmful to humans nor easily noticed by commoners, vendors usually mixed taro powder into real medicine along with additional fake substances that would compose 5 to 20 percent of the medicine. Zhang Tie learned the means that were always adopted by cunning businessmen from Donder’s grocery store.

Besides the purses, the medicine bags, and the portable equipment, nothing else was found on the two dead bodies.

After searching their dead bodies, Zhang Tie started to search through their luggage. When he was looking for clothes inside Snade’s luggage last night, he had already roughly searched through it and had found nothing that stood out, thus Zhang Tie mainly searched through Huck’s luggage. Opening it, he surprisingly saw a palm-sized box. The instant he saw the box, Zhang Tie became excited because that box was specifically used to store crystals that were of Level 3 or higher. Opening the box, he found two white and translucent double-headed pyramid-based crystals that were almost Level 4 lying inside the box. Feeling his spirit rising, Zhang Tie picked up the two pyramid-based crystals and looked at the two pyramids inside. He then burst out into laughter as each of the crystals was much better than the Level 3 pyramid-based crystals being treasured as top quality pyramids in Donder’s grocery store. These two crystals were worth at least 10 gold coins.

Zhang Tie was highly spirited and felt like exclaiming towards the sky.

Trembling, Zhang Tie counted the coins. In total, Huck and Snade had contributed 48 gold coins, 79 silver coins, and 34 copper coins to him, which, although was nothing to some people, was a large amount of money for Zhang Tie. This money was almost equivalent to 4 or 5 years worth of his dad’s salary.

In addition to the money, he had also received four vials of high-quality medicines that were great for healing wounds, with only half of a vial among the four having been used. Moreover, Zhang Tie also got two top-quality Level 3 pyramid-based crystals. In total, the vials of medicine and the pyramid-based crystals were worth about 18 gold coins.

“I’m rich! I’m really rich this time!” Zhang Tie was so high spirited that his face almost cramped.

Although the two leather bags that contained the medicine were valuable, they had obvious signs of having been used, as there were scratches on them. If the wear and tear on the leather bags were noticed by people who were familiar with Huck and Snade, then they would inevitably realize that it belonged to them, thus Zhang Tie intended to throw the two leather bags away.

After pouring out the items in the sundry box, Zhang Tie carefully stored the gold coins, the medicine, and the pyramid-based crystals in the sundry box. He then returned and began to drag Huck’s body towards the Pool of Chaos, which was the best place to eliminate the evidence.

The Pool of Chaos was about 200m away from Zhang Tie. Considering Huck weighed over 150 kg, Zhang Tie gave up dragging his feet after 50 steps. Seeing that line on the soil plowed by Huck’s dead body, Zhang Tie wiped the sweat from his forehead and changed his posture. He held up Huck’s body and let it sit straight up on the ground before squatting against Huck’s back and placing his two arms under the body’s armpits. He then half lifted him and dragged him away. This was much easier than his previous attempt.

When faced with danger, people could actually burst out with great potential. Zhang Tie found it really difficult to drag away this body that weighed over 150 kg. In particular, how was he able to carry this body into the Castle of Black Iron last night when he was so weak? Zhang Tie himself had started to be proud of what he had done.

Hugging and dragging the body in such a way, Zhang Tie would inevitably cause friction between his arm and Huck’s armpits. As a result, 50m away, Zhang Tie’s felt a completely different feeling from the upper right arm and his upper left arm; his upper right arm that rubbed on the left armpit of Huck’s body was softer. Something seemed to be padding the area under Huck’s left armpit, giving off a smooth feeling when Zhang Tie dragged the body.

Could there be something hidden inside? Zhang Tie put down Huck’s body and searched the area around his armpits carefully. Finally, Zhang Tie found something closely hidden by Huck’s left armpit under his inner armor. He found a trivial opening on his clothes that could never be found without a careful inspection. Zhang Tie then undid Huck’s coat and stretched his hand into that opening. Touching a piece of smooth cloth, Zhang Tie then pulled it out directly from that small mysterious bag.

“Wooh, it’s a red silk cloth! Motherf*cker, it must be very expensive! What’s the purpose of carrying a piece of red cloth? To drive away evil like what Chinese people always did?” Zhang Tie doubted at the first sight of the piece of red cloth.

Afterwards, unfolding the piece of red silk cloth, Zhang Tie realized that it was a mask that was similar to those used by the executioners who executed criminals. A man’s head could be properly covered under this mask. In addition, two holes on the cloth were left for eyes and some strange floral grains were embroidered on the forehead of the face mask. There was also a black and terrifying skull between the strange floral grains.

Motherf*cker! What the hell! I’ve never seen such an ugly mask. The instant Zhang Tie intended to throw away this red mask, a thought flashed in his mind…

……

A terrifying red mask like that of an executioner’s… Black skull on the mask… Killing numerous people in bloody ways…

Zhang Tie’s face instantly turned pale. Glancing at this mask which symbolized death and blood in his hand, a few words came to Zhang Tie’s mind instantly—Red-scarf Burglar…

Sh*t! The 15-year juvenile was frightened. Feeling weak, he sat on the ground helplessly…

[1] Apparently, this is the sound that coins make when they clash.



* * *





Chapter 63




Two weeks ago when his elder brother had talked about the Red-scarf Burglars at the dinner table, Zhang Tie felt as if he was listening to a story. To Zhang Tie, a bandit organization like the Red-scarf Burglars who instilled fear into the entire Andaman Alliance and killed numerous people had nothing to do with common families like the Zhang Family. In Zhang Tie's mind, although the Red-scarf Burglars were always causing troubles within the territory of the Andaman Alliance, they lived in a completely different world.

When the curfew was imposed in Blackhot City, Zhang Tie felt that his life was influenced a bit; however, he was more worried about his elder brother. He hoped that his elder brother would not encounter those butchers with bloodstained hands.

The Red-scarf Burglars were infamous across the entire Andaman Alliance because of the numerous casualties caused by them. 12 years ago, the Red-scarf Burglars broke into Baroque, an emerging city, and caused the "Baroque Massacre", an event feared by everyone. After the massacre, the beautiful city which had more than 100,000 citizens was wiped out. They killed every single living being they met, whether it was man or woman, old or young, and even farm animals like chickens or dogs were not spared, finally resulting in a ghost city.

Those vicious Red-scarf Burglars frightened everybody. Although there were less than 1,000 Red-scarf Burglars in total, on average, each of them had killed at least 100 innocent residents in the Baroque Massacre…

Every member of the Red-scarf Burglars would wear a red headcover when they took action. Besides a few members who were known by their infamous crimes, the identities of the other members were not known to the public, thus the government had not been able to arrest them. In addition, they acted in secrecy, as they would disappear soon after they finished their missions. Sometimes, they would reappear abruptly, causing people to become muddle-headed.

Zhang Tie had never thought that he would be related to such a terrifying organization, let alone killing two of their members.

Zhang Tie sat on the ground muddle-headedly for quite a while before he was able to recover his composure. Afterwards, he ran towards Snade's body and undid his coat. He found the same opening on his clothes near the region of his left armpit under the inner armor and pulled out a terrifying red headcover that was the same as the one from Huck's armpit.

"Motherf*cker, this kick is for your blindness and this kick is for my blood. You bastard, is it that cool to kill people?" Thinking of how he was almost killed by the Red-scarf Burglars, his fear of the two bodies turned into fury and disgust as he ferociously kicked Snade's body more than 10 times.

After venting, Zhang Tie felt much more relaxed. Red-scarf Burglars? So what! Let's see whether or not you can bite me!

"Bah…" Zhang Tie spat onto Snade's body. Then, he dragged Snade's body by the foot towards the Pool of Chaos, much like dragging a dead dog. He found it much easier to deal with this body, as Snade was much lighter than Huck.

After taking two short rests on the way there, Zhang Tie took 5 minutes to drag Snade's body to a place near the Pool of Chaos. Exerting all his strength, he threw the dead body into the Pool of Chaos, which then slowly sunk into it. Zhang Tie then turned back and spent almost 10 minutes dragging Huck's huge, dead body to a place near the Pool of Chaos too. After a powerful push, another Red-scarf Burglar disappeared forever from this world.

Afterwards, Zhang Tie ran back and threw all their belongings into the Pool of Chaos, including the bag that held the medicine, their purses, their clothes, and the box used to contain the crystals. From then on, the two Red-scarf Burglars completely disappeared from this world, leaving no traces behind.

Zhang Tie then became thoroughly relaxed. "From now on, who would be able to link the disappearance of those two guys to me?"

He then opened the Basic Attributes Panel of the Castle of Black Iron.

——Castle of Black Iron

——Length: 1 Krosa

——Width: 1 Krosa

——Aura Value: 328

——Merit Value: 2122

——Basic Energy Storage: 43.7

——Special Output: Void

As expected, the aura value and the basic energy storage had both increased. These past few days, as more and more seeds sprouted and grew well, the aura value also gradually increased. However, the merit value almost frightened Zhang Tie. How could it increase by more than 2000 points? Zhang Tie instantly opened the log for merit value to check the reason.

——For the Gods, you have carried out righteousness by killing Snade and Huck, who were part of the infamous Red-scarf Burglars. You have punished evil and have spread the mercy of the Gods unto the earthly world. You have found justice for the numerous people who were wronged by them. As a result, merit value has been increased by 2048.

Reading this tip, Zhang Tie became moved, feeling that he did the right thing by killing these two b*tches.

After closing the Basic Attributes Window of the Castle of Black Iron, Zhang Tie arrived before the small tree again. He was really depressed about the Leakless Fruit that he had been waiting for over a week. He really wanted to see what had happened to it at that time.

The Leakless Fruit that should have been ripe was as large as a peanut kernel. Hanging on a twig, it looked really pitiful. Zhang Tie stretched out his hand as another tip appeared.

——The Leakless Fruit has suspended its growth. After the Lord's Qi and blood recovers, it will continue to grow.

Zhang Tie estimated that all of his energy might be currently used to produce more blood. According to his current physical condition, it might take him a couple of days to fully recover. That was to say, the next Leakless Fruit would grow ripe 10 days later.

F*ck! Thinking of this, Zhang Tie cursed Huck and Snade fiercely again. If it wasn't for that incident last night, he would have improved a lot since the effects of the Leakless Fruit were really great.

He had no choice but to wait!

Afterwards, Zhang Tie checked the Iron Body Fruit. The new one seemed to have just started to grow, as the fruit was just about 1/5 mature. If he wanted to accelerate its growth, he would have to find opportunities to be fiercely beaten.

When Zhang Tie turned back and prepared to leave the Castle of Black Iron, he suddenly saw something shining through the corner of his eye on the small tree.

"What's that? Zhang Tie moved back towards the other side of the tree. On the side opposite of the Leakless Fruit, he found a golden ray flashing among the leaves.

After walking around half the tree, Zhang Tie stretched out his hand to move away a small leaf. Surprisingly, he found a fruit right hanging there, radiating golden rays. It was perfectly round like a ball, and the skin of the fruit looked gold with golden wisps looming within. Although it did not release a smell as fragrant as the Leakless Fruit and the Iron Body Fruit, this fruit looked much more brilliant than the other two.

Seeing this fruit, Zhang Tie gaped. He truly didn't know when such a fruit had grown ripe.

Although he couldn't think it through, he only had to check the tip. The instant Zhang Tie stretched out his hand towards this strange dark yellow fruit, a tip appeared.

——Fruit of Brilliance has become ripe. Usage: Pick and direct eat it. Notice: The fruit cannot be taken out of the Castle of Black Iron. After twelve hours of having been picked off the tree, its energy and vitality will gradually decline.

Seemingly as if it had noticed Zhang Tie's doubts, another tip appeared above the previous one.

——The deteriorating glorious rays will definitely be used after the death of the sinners. The soul of the sinners shall return to the Dark Land, while the glorious rays of the soul shall remain. The glorious rays were a force that was granted to the soul by the Creator and should not be desecrated. The glorious rays belong to the brave men who spread the righteousness of the Gods. As a brave fighter who brandished your blade against evil, you will earn glorious rays as you judge evil. The glorious rays of the soul will coexist within you, making you stronger.

Zhang Tie gulped twice. "Glorious rays? Force of the soul? What were those?" Although Zhang Tie was confused, he definitely knew that the Fruit of Brilliance was something great. Additionally, the glorious rays of the soul might be some force that came from Huck and Snade. Although Zhang Tie didn't know how powerful Huck and Snade were, he could simply feel that the feeling they gave off was no less oppressive than Captain Kerlin. Was some of their force within this Fruit of Brilliance?

"I'm rich, I'm really rich now!" Zhang Tie's heart pounded again. Taking in two deep breaths, he rubbed his face with force, realizing that he was not dreaming. He then meticulously picked off this Fruit of Brilliance as if he were picking accessories at a jewelry store. He would definitely eat it before he recovered composure. Based on his experiences with the Leakless Fruit, taking this fruit carefully, Zhang Tie sat under the small tree with legs crossed. He then engulfed this fruit directly, much like how Bajie ate the human-like fruit [1]. Putting the fruit into his mouth, he then bit into it…

The instant he bit into the Fruit of Brilliance, Zhang Tie seemed to have heard a huge sound reverberating deep in his mind. Afterwards, he fully lost consciousness.

What happened after was like a dream. In the dream, he felt his body becoming translucent and weightless while a dark yellow fog swirled around a mysterious point in his mind. Afterwards, a wisp of dark yellow fog escaped from that jewel-like Fruit of Brilliance in his mouth. The golden fog then combined with the original fog in his mind. At the same time, a pleasure that he had never experienced before rose from the depths of Zhang Tie's soul. The pleasant feeling rising from his deepest inner heart made Zhang Tie feel unprecedentedly comfortable and peaceful. In this state, the golden fog escaped from the Fruit of Brilliance and constantly combined with the fog that was originally in his mind. As a result, the original fog in his mind became increasingly thicker and wider as it gradually turned brighter, changing from a dark golden color to a pure golden color…

After quite a while, the transformation finally stopped. The fog that was originally in Zhang Tie's mind had already experienced huge changes, both quantitatively and qualitatively. In quantity, that fog expanded by at least seven-fold. If the original golden fog could be described as a pencil, then the current golden fog could be described as golden bamboo. In quality, besides becoming more vibrant, the fog was filled with Qi that was more energetic and lively…

Opening his eyes, much to his surprise, he realized the Castle of Black Iron was different than before. The colors were more vibrant in his eyes, and his nose became much sharper. The scent of soil seemed to have become clearer, and the whole world became more splendid.

Picking himself up from the ground, Zhang Tie moved his limbs. His body felt completely new, and every cell in his body seemed to be yelling out in happiness. It was truly a marvelous feeling.

What happened? What was that golden fog?

He then closed his eyes and opened them after a short while with a strand of shock on his face. He finally knew what the Fruit of Brilliance did and what the golden fog was. The golden fog was the spiritual energy in his mind. Previously, as he was too weak, he couldn't sense his spiritual energy; however, he could now sense it. The glorious rays in the soul represented spiritual energy. The fact was that the Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree had exploited the spiritual energy of the two dead bodies and formed the Fruit of Brilliance with them. The Fruit of Brilliance was used to increase spiritual energy. As their spiritual energy was three times of Zhang Tie's, after consuming the Fruit of Brilliance, he could feel a sharp increase in his spiritual energy by six-fold…

After figuring out what had happened, Zhang Tie stared at that small tree in awe…

In the past, he didn't know what other benefits having spiritual energy brought besides assisting in the ignition of the burning points, as he had rarely learned about it and had close to no opportunities to learn about it; however, after his spiritual energy was increased by six times, he realized he was able to cultivate much more effectively. Using the same amount of time, he could reach a much better result; otherwise, it would take him a much longer time to achieve such a result. This benefit alone had already made Zhang Tie satisfied. Moreover, with the help of the increased spiritual energy, he could sense more sharply and react much quicker. This was the best gift from the Gods before the survival training even began!

"Here I come, survival training!"

Zhang Tie shouted loudly in the Castle of Black Iron…

[1] Bajie was a monk who looked like a pig from the story, "A Journey in the West". The human-like fruit was a wonderful fruit in the story which was said to give immortality.



* * *





Chapter 64




As expected, with the rise of the prices of grains and sugar, the sales of the Zhang Family’s brew store also gradually declined. Although the wealthy would probably not be affected by the change of several copper or silver coins, for many at the lowest rungs of society, even a trivial increase in the price of grains or other commodities would greatly put pressure on their ability to survive. Naturally, they were more sensitive to the changes in price. Although the Zhang Family had only increased the price of a bowl of rice brew by a single copper coin, to some, it was a 20 percent increase in price and was something that would be difficult for them to accept.

Seeing the Chinese woman dragging away her kid, who kept swallowing his saliva, in the rice brew store, Zhang Tie could only force a bitter smile. In the past, this kid used to eat rice brew in their store, but due to the recently increasing price, the kid’s mom had no choice but to drag him away. For commoners like them, the rising price of grains not only affected the price of a bowl of rice brew but also their overall living expenditure. Influenced by rising price of grains, the price of the other daily necessities like cooking oil and salt also increased. In addition, Zhang Tie heard that the price of coal had also started to rise in Blackhot City for the past few couple of days. Obviously, the price of a wagon full of coal balls had also increased by 5 copper coins. As the price of grains and coal increased, the price of steel produced from ironworks would also naturally increase. Although it was only a small fluctuation, it was not a good feeling for many of the commoners.

The Zhang Family’s ugly, remodelled three-wheeler had been borrowed by a neighbor to buy grains. These past two days, several people had come to borrow it to transport necessities. As his sister-in-law said she was a bit uncomfortable this morning, his mom became worried and accompanied her to the hospital, leaving Zhang Tie alone at home. In the rice brew store, Zhang Tie boringly drove away the flies with a fan.

Absent-minded in the rice brew store, as Zhang Tie concentrated, an interesting thought appear in his mind…

With his spiritual energy increasing by seven fold, Zhang Tie realized that the Mental Arithmetic by Abacus that he had been painstakingly training for the past two weeks had greatly improved. Before yesterday, it would take him a long time to visualize an abacus with three columns in his mind, the image of the abacus wouldn’t be steady, and he couldn’t calculate quickly using it either—it wasn’t even able to match the speed of just calculating manually. All in all, he could not use it to do daily calculations easily. Surprisingly, this situation has improved sharply this morning.

At this moment, a golden abacus with seven columns was suspended steadily in Zhang Tie’s mind. The beads on the abacus were moving up and down automatically, outputting results.

What’s 36 multiplied by 98? 3528!

What’s 1269 plus 9621? 10890!

What’s 362 times 125? 45250!

What’s 639 divided by 12? 53.25!

What’s 98564 divided by 125? 788.512!

……

In the past, Zhang Tie needed to use the abacus techniques in order to get an answer, but now, he was able to know the answer the instant he saw the question. After practicing for a while, Zhang Tie realized that he didn’t need to use abacus techniques anymore. After using the abacus for two years, Zhang Tie finally realized how powerful and effective the time-honored calculator was. He didn’t know where the book Mental Arithmetic by Abacus that was marked as “After-class reading for preliminary students” was from; however, Zhang Tie didn’t believe that any preliminary school student could match him from the intensity and effect of spiritual energy. Previously, his spiritual energy might have been similar to that of a preliminary school student, but ever since his spiritual energy had combined with the Fruit of Brilliance, it has already become seven times of that from before; it was much more powerful at this moment. Benefitting from the new spiritual energy, he could fully experience the powerful effects of Mental Arithmetic by Abacus, as he could work it out the instant he saw any calculation question within seven digits. Additionally, Zhang Tie realized the abacus was easily stabilized after it was visualized. During this entire experience, Zhang Tie had even sold a few bowls of rice brew…

“I am able to calculate faster than the manual metal calculators used in trading agencies and commercial banks!” Zhang Tie became excited. He never would have imagined that the sharply increased spiritual energy would help improve his Mental Arithmetic by Abacus skills so greatly over night. Zhang Tie was sure that Donder would definitely be startled if he saw his improvement.

As Zhang Tie felt great about using Mental Arithmetic by Abacus so easily, an extremely absurd thought suddenly came to mind—maybe this was how people used the abacus in the beginning? A long time ago, people had powerful spiritual energy and could easily use this calculating tool in their mind; however, later on, their spiritual energy declined and they could barely finish calculation in their mind. Thus, someone decided to use a real object to replace the imaginary object in their mind and started to operate by hand. After another hundreds or thousands of years, when everybody was accustomed to operating an abacus by hand, a guy suddenly realized this calculator could be visualized in the mind and could replaced by visualized object. As a result, he invented the Mental Arithmetic by Abacus, which reflected the original usage of this calculator…

If his assumptions were correct, then he would be the only person who could master the true usage of this calculator. Zhang Tie didn’t know whether this marvelous calculator could be improved. He remembered that Donder had once told him about a powerful profession in the East called “fortuneteller”, which would own a calculator known as “Yi”. This calculator was not used to calculate numbers but instead the fortunes or disasters that would befall a person and the changes between the heaven and the earth. Was Mental Arithmetic by Abacus related to “Yi”?

While Zhang Tie was pondering on this thought, his mom and sister-in-law had returned. Instantly breaking the abacus formed in his mind, he ran towards them. “Mom, what’s wrong with sister-in-law?”

After speaking, Zhang Tie realized that he had said a really silly question. In response to his question, the face of his sister-in-law flushed slightly, and his mom glared at him ferociously and flicked his forehead. “What matter? Go make lunch...”

……

In the afternoon, as usual, Zhang Tie helped his mom make rice brew, but this time, it was different; his sister-in-law had joined them. As a result, they finished much faster than before. After lunch, their neighbor brought back the three-wheeler, and thus Zhang Tie rode it to shop for rice and sugar. As expected, the prices had risen a bit again. Considering the poor sales of rice brew last week, he only bought two bags of rice this time. Returning home, Zhang Tie noticed that his mom was teaching his sister-in-law how to make liquid yeast.

“This liquid yeast is the key, as it determines the final taste of the rice brew. Our Zhang Family makes our own liquid yeast, and we store it inside the spare jars boiling water after they have cooled down. We prepare two jars of rice brew; one is to be used, while the other is to be left to ferment. When one jar of rice brew is almost used up, we’ll add some water, cut-up fruits, fruit rinds, and kernels, and we’ll open it every day and give it a shake to give it some fresh air. After a week, a new jar of rice brew would be ready. We usually put two spoons of well-fermented liquid yeast into each jar before covering the lid. Taste some, this liquid yeast is delicious. Zhang Tie used to stealthily eat it before…” Zhang Tie had remembered those steps deeply in his heart. He didn’t pay attention to what mom had told to his sister-in-law at the beginning; however, his mom really made him lose face in front of his sister-in-law. While listening to what his mom had said, Zhang immediately thought about something…

Yeast—Rice brew—

Mutated and evolved yeast—Mutated and evolved rice brew—？

Zhang Tie remembered that there was an option in the Castle of Black Iron that allowed all living beings to mutate and evolve, and he had even tried it on a sprouted potato the first time he entered the Castle of Black Iron. As he hasn’t seen any improvement lately, he had almost forgotten about it. Watching his mom teach his sister-in-law how to make liquid yeast, Zhang Tie had a sudden realization. If he could help mutate or evolve the yeast used to make brew, would the taste of the rice brew be improved? If so, that would help improve the sales of the Zhang Family’s rice brew.

After thinking for a while, Zhang Tie felt this way was feasible. At the very least, he could have a try. “The Zhang’s family has already used the same method to make rice brew for the past two decades, so why not try something new? Nothing is lost even if it fails!”

Thinking of this, Zhang Tie became excited. In response, in the evening, he found a clean glass jar in the kitchen and stealthily filled it with half a bottle of liquid yeast. Afterwards, he took it back to his room and quickly entered the Castle of Black Iron. Opening the “Living Beings and Species Management” option, he chose “Carbon-based Living Beings and Species Management” and then “Microorganisms”. After selecting that bottle of liquid yeast, he inputted 300 points of aura value, 5 points of merit value, and 0.1 point of basic energy storage and started the first evolution and mutation for the yeast.



* * *





Chapter 65




——On May 28, 889th year of the Blackhot calendar, Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord used 300 aura value points, 5 merit value points, and 0.1 basic energy storage point on the mutation and evolution of a bottle of yeast.

——Mutation and evolution is expected to be completed within 360 hours. Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, please wait patiently!

Reading this message, Zhang Tie estimated that the time consumption for evolution and mutation might be related to the life cycle of the living being. Seeing as how the yeast would become evolved and mutated after two weeks, Zhang tie estimated that it would take about 2 months for the potato to evolve and mutate.

Through this attempt, Zhang Tie realized one thing—there is a limit to the number of aura value points, merit value points, and basic energy storage points that a microorganism can receive. For example, with the experiment with the half bottle of liquid yeast, when he slid the three bars to the furthest right positions, the maximum number of aura value was 7600 points, the maximum number of merit value was 860 points, and the maximum number for basic energy storage was 340 points. Seeing those “huge numbers”, Zhang Tie was greatly startled before frugally choosing to make a bearable, small investment.

After leaving the Castle of Black Iron, Zhang Tie noticed that his dad had already returned home. It was currently time for supper, and today’s supper was extremely luxurious, consisting of ham and beef. In addition, his mom had made many delicious dishes that would make Zhang Tie drool. On the table, his mom kept putting food from the dishes into Zhang Tie’s bowl while his dad lectured him about topics pertaining to the survival training.

“No matter what, remember not to act alone, especially in the evening! Am I clear?”

Zhang Tie nodded while chewing.

“Additionally, don’t try to show off,” his mom added aside.

“Mom, look at your son’s slim limbs. What do I have to show off?” Zhang Tie raised his voice. Hearing his words, his dad flicked his forehead with a chopstick.

“Your mom, of course, knows that you have nothing to show off. What she meant was that you should think twice before taking action. Out there is not like here where we’re inside the city walls. There are many things out there that can take the lives of men!”

“I know!” Thinking back to how his mom looked when she gazed at the picture of his dead eldest brother, Zhang Tie swore that he would survive and return safely no matter what.

At supper, like a nodding chick, Zhang Tie constantly lowered his head to eat rice under the lecturing of his mom and dad

……

After supper was finished, Zhang Tie brought out 3 gold coins from his pocket and pulled over his mom's hand before placing them in her hands. The three heavy and brilliant locomotives on the gold coins almost frightened both his dad and mom. Even his sister-in-law widely opened her eyes.

His dad became mouth gaped as he stared at the 3 gold coins before turning over to Zhang Tie. He even held one up and glanced over it carefully. “Where… where did you get so much money?”

With a face full of pride, Zhang Tie replied, “Your son, of course, earned it at the Iron Thorns Fighting Club. There are many rich people there, so when I serve them well, those rich boys would reward me with 1 gold coin as a tip!” Zhang Tie was not telling a lie. In reality, just as he said, training partners and the waiters would usually earn tips at the Iron Thorns Fighting Club. The tips would always vary from several silver coins to several gold coins. For example, girls like Mary would earn an amazing amount from tips each month. Although Zhang Tie had never received any tips, this lie of his could never be revealed. Even the fighting club wouldn’t ask the guests on the sixth floor whether they had given Zhang Tie a tip.

“This… this is really too much!” His mom still couldn’t believe it. 3 gold coins were equivalent to a season’s worth of salary for his dad. To his family, this was still a lot of money.

“Mom, those rich boys would spend over 10 gold coins just to buy a single pair of leather shoes. You should take a look at the prices on Bright Avenue. What there isn’t astronomically priced? Although the stuff there is expensive for us, but for people like them, it isn’t much. Why else do you think there are so many rich people practicing in the fighting clubs? Your son has grown up. In the future, I’ll earn even more money. For the next few days, I’ll be participating in the survival training. During this time, you shouldn’t worry about money and should buy something good to eat. You should also buy more nutritious food for sister-in-law so that my niece or nephew will grow well in the future. You should also look after yourselves and just enjoy the benefits brought back by your sons.”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, his dad and mom finally believed him. At the very least, they had heard of such things about the fighting clubs. They also knew that there were many rich people who would casually spend money in such a way that commoners like the Zhang Family would definitely never be able to afford.

Seeing that his mom had finally received the 3 gold coins, Zhang Tie heaved a deep sigh inwardly. From now on, he could always bring back some “tip” and relieve the burden on his dad and mom. Since the sales of rice brew had declined this week, they had less money to spend to improve their quality of life. Because of this, his mom and dad have also been unhappy. When his sister-in-law was going to give birth to a baby, Zhang Tie knew clearly that the increasing expenditures would add more burden to his dad and mom. Seeing his mom receive the money and the smiles on their face as if they had relieved a burden, Zhang Tie was also filled with warmth.

The next day, every family member started to become busy to make preparations for Zhang Tie’s survival training. The Zhang Family’s rice brew store was also closed on that day.

A sleeping bag, portable protective leather armor, a raincoat, a helmet, an aluminum kettle, a leather belt, a knapsack, and a multi-purpose military shovel. All the things could be found at home, as they were used by Zhang Yang when he participated in the survival training, which had then been put away by his mom. Now that it was Zhang Tie’s turn to participate in the survival training, his mom brought them out of the boxes, giving them to Zhang Tie to use. Many things were shared between the generations. After it was used by the elder brother, the younger brother would use it. After the younger brother, then the son. They would never be abandoned until they couldn’t be used anymore. Although these goods have shown wear and tear over the years, because his mom had stored them well, when she took it out, all of it was still usable. These were also common goods that most families in Blackhot City would prepare for their kids’ participation in the survival training.

After drying the sleeping bag under the sun for the entire day, Zhang Tie’s mom silently hid one bag of fried rice into the sleeping bag. Although the amount of food allowed to be brought was supposed to be less than 5 kg, as long as they didn’t hide too much, the teachers would not care…

His dad completely polished the leather armor with oil again and sharpened the military shovel. Afterwards, he went out to buy 4 to 5 kgs of compressed biscuits and 1kg of beef jerky for Zhang Tie…

His sister-in-law hurriedly adjusted the soft cushion inside the helmet to match the size of Zhang Tie’s head. She then cleaned the kettle and prepared a set of clean clothes and a needlework bag for Zhang Tie…

……

After a day of busy work, they had finally well prepared all the necessities for Zhang Tie’s participation in the survival training. The last supper at home before the survival training was also rich. Zhang Tie’s dad and mom became both worried and sad. Excluding his mom, who repeatedly warned him, there were fewer words spoken at the table than before.

Zhang Tie was also somewhat sad. Survival training was both a test of the ability of an adult to survive and was also the prelude of what’s to come when he struggles for his survival. At the beginning of supper, everything went smoothly. However, as the dinner went on, his mom’s tears began to drop into her bowl as she spoke to him. Seeing that, Zhang Tie felt too sad to eat as well.

“Mom, trust me. I’ll be ok!” Zhang Tie had to comfort his mom. Although he didn’t know how his mom felt as she prepared the equipment for her son’s departure, his mom’s tears immediately aroused the sadness of the entire family that had been repressed and hidden during this period of time. As the youngest son, Zhang Tie would soon leave Blackhot City. Seeing Zhang Tie’s mom weeping, his dad’s eyes also turned red and so did Zhang Tie’s. The last supper ended in this way.

……

When dusk fell, Zhang Tie went out. After passing several streets, Zhang Tie finally arrived outside a post office near the most boisterous citizens’ square in the center of Blackhot City. He looked around and made sure nobody had noticed him. He then put an envelope into a mailbox outside the post office before going back home as if nothing had happened.

The envelope had been previously brought back by hs elder brother and was one of the living necessities provided to the City Guard Army of Blackhot City. As a soldier, his elder brother would receive two exclusive envelopes per month, which could be sent out without pasting a stamp. In the past, his elder brother had brought back several envelopes, while the extras had been sold to the black market, which was one of the best sellers. The envelope contained the headcover of the Red-scarf Burglars and a letter that Zhang Tie had written in standard printed font. The letter would be directly sent to the headquarter of the CISF of Blackhot City. On the letter was only one line: The Red-scarf Burglars are colluding with the Niumuen Business Group to attack Blackhot City!

For Zhang Tie, this was already the most he could do. In this conspiracy, whether it was the Red-scarf Burglars or the Niuemuen Business Group, they were both monsters to Zhang Tie and the Zhang Family. To be involved in such a large-scale war, he would be trampled to death like an ant involved in a battle between a flock of elephants.

Not to mention, there was still a more terrifying figure behind the two powers, the one Snade and Huck had referred to as “Lord”. The word “Lord” that had inadvertently escaped from Snade and Huck’s mouth had caused Zhang Tie to feel a chill in his heart. Zhang Tie had to abandon the lucky idea to use this event to seek for maximum benefits.



* * *





Chapter 66




In this age, “Lord” was not something to be casually addressed. At the very least, nobody in Blackhot City and even the Andaman Alliance was qualified to enjoy being called as such. Even the president of the Andaman Alliance Parliament——the owner of Andaman City and the head of the Andaman family, the richest and most privileged person in the Andaman Alliance, the one who had used their family name as the name of the Alliance—could only be called “Your Excellency” and not “Lord”.

Actually, Zhang Tie dared not to be involved in this event, but due to his disgust towards the Red-scarf Burglars and his commitment to the city after eight years of compulsory education, he finally chose to send a warning to the ruler of this city. That was the best he could do. As for whether the letter would cause an uproar or be thrown into the trash can, Zhang Tie didn’t think it was his concern anymore. In the worst case scenario, the city would change its ruler. The Red-scarf Burglars were only a tool used by a big figure; they would not become the ruler of the city.

Small figures were better off minding their own business!

For Zhang Tie, he felt that what he should be most concerned about was the survival training that begins tomorrow. The other matters weren’t a big concern.

A peaceful night soon passed…

When he got up the next morning, he found out that his mom and dad had already gotten up. Mom’s eyes turned slightly red and swollen. She had long prepared a scrumptious breakfast for Zhang Tie while his dad was checking his belongings again and again.

“Eat more. Only after eating will you have enough strength to finish the long trip!”

With his head lowered the entire time, Zhang Tie washed his face, brushed his teeth, and ate breakfast. Feeling depressed, he wore his protective leather armor, buckled his belt, and carried his luggage that contained the folded military shovel inside with the help of his dad and mom. Putting on a helmet, he hung the sword gifted by his dad on one side of his waist along with a kettle and hung the spearhead of his pike on the other. Additionally, the dagger gifted by his elder brother was also fixed onto the belt.

Standing, Zhang Tie shook twice to make sure everything had been prepared well. Although he was carrying more than 20 kg of goods, Zhang Tie could still move freely. Forcing a smile, he said, “Dad, mom, it’s fine. I’ll be leaving now. You don’t need to worry about me, I’ll be ok!”

“Guoguo, hold on…” Before Zhang Tie left, his mom stopped him. With tears dropping down, his mom helped him arrange his leather belt and luggage once again. Pulling at the corner of Zhang Tie’s clothes, she said in a low voice, “If you can, remember to come back soon. Don’t try to show off…”

“I got it, mom!” Zhang Tie felt like he was about to cry. If he did not leave soon, he would lose face in front of his mom and dad. Taking in a deep breath, Zhang Tie forcefully hugged his mom and dad. He then lowered his head and turned around. Pulling open the door, he strode out the house where he had received warmth for the past 15 years.

The moment he closed the door, Zhang Tie heard the sound of his mom weeping...

It was still dark outside as several stars hung in the sky. After wiping his tears, Zhang Tie strode towards school. At about 100m away, Zhang Tie suddenly felt something. Turning his head, Zhang Tie saw his mom and dad, hand in hand, watching him under the first rays of the morning sun. Waving his hand at them, Zhang Tie couldn’t help but shed some tears.

……

On the dawn of this day, such scenes could be seen throughout Blackhot City—a young boy, who would soon be at the age where they would be adults and have to part from home, leaving home with luggage carried on his back and a weapon in hand, and seeing him off would be his parents as they stood by the doorway, crying. Without the protection of the city walls, they alone would encounter many difficulties and challenges in this age.

Every year, in Blackhot City, there were teenagers that would never be able to return home again. For some, this was a departure that meant life and death.

On the way, Zhang Tie met many teenagers like him walking towards school as they carried luggage on their backs and weapons in their hands.

When Zhang Tie arrived at school, he found more than half of the undergraduates had already arrived and were resting on the training grounds. According to the plan, they were to leave at 7:30 am, thus many of the horny students had already been prepared and had arrived at the training ground before 7:00 am. Besides the uniformed luggage, they were each equipped with various equipment. Noisily, those horny students formed into many small groups according to the usual training regions on the training ground. Hearing the noise, Zhang Tie no longer felt sad.

The moment he arrived, Zhang Tie saw Bagdad and Sharwin, who had arrived earlier than him. Looking at the huge axe hanging on Bagdad’s shoulder, Zhang Tie then glanced at his own sword. He was really shocked from the difference, becoming speechless.

On the training ground, Bagdad’s style was absolutely masculine and eye-catching. With only a half-body shoulder armor on his naked upper body, the muscles under his dark skin were revealed. The armor was only used to protect his right shoulder and heart, and a shiny axe weighing at least 30 kgs was hung on his shoulder armor, giving off quite a cool appearance. In contrast, like Zhang Tie, Sharwin looked much more average—a luggage, a leather armor, a belt, a kettle, and a sword. Zhang Tie felt something was wrong with Sharwin’s equipment, as they were too old and heavily worn. Take Sharwin’s short sword as an example; the sheath showed signs of cracks and the sword within could even be seen. In addition, that leather armor was obviously smaller than Sharwin’s figure, and as for the aluminum kettle, Zhang Tie swore that he has never seen a padded military kettle like this one before. Although he knew Sharwin’s family was poor, he still could not believe his eyes. That was too excessive! Zhang Tie had already cursed Sharwin’s dad dozens of times inside.

Standing beside Bagdad, Sharwin felt embarrassed as he lowered his head and cleaned his fingernails. At the same time, Bagdad cursed resentfully.

“Your dad is too much! How could he give you such poor equipment!? Given the money you have made for your family during the past years, you could already get what you need. Take a look at that so-called “sword”. It’s already heavily rusted. It’s only shiny because it had been polished on the knife grinder at the cost of its thickness and length. It won’t function well since both the blade and the body of the sword had been ground too thin. This is too much! When we return, we must go to your house and teach him a lesson…”

“Forget it. I still have several younger brothers, so my dad might not have been able to save too much money for me. To already have this, I’m already content…” Sharwin explained weakly, looking dejected and sad.

Seeing Sharwin’s sad mood, Zhang Tie gloomily walked towards him. He said nothing as he directly pulled out the sword from Sharwin’s waist. Looking at that sword, Zhang Tie was instantly filled with rage. It really was like what Bagdad had said. Can you really call this a motherf*cking sword? It was simply a thin iron sheet! Holding it, Zhang Tie felt it was very unstable. Pits the size of rice could be seen everywhere on the blade due to it being heavily rusted. After grinding it, although it looked a bit shiny, it became much thinner than before, mostly because it was heavily rusted. It felt extremely light in Zhang Tie’s hand. One would have to slash quickly and fiercely even to kill a chicken, let alone those dangerous living beings outside the city walls.

Zhang Tie immediately undid his own sword and gave it to Sharwin. “Take mine!”

“No need, no need. I can use this!” Sharwin hurriedly refused him, intending to retrieve his sword.

Saying nothing, Zhang Tie threw Sharwin’s sword onto the ground, directly breaking it into two halves. Seeing the 2 pieces of his broken sword, Sharwin’s face turned pale. Saying nothing else, he bit his own lips tightly and looked even more dejected.

Zhang Tie patted Sharwin’s shoulder and the dagger on his waist. “Trust me, just use mine. I still have a dagger. In addition, I also have a spear head. Once I find a wooden stick and attach it, I would have a complete spear. With my spear and dagger, us seven brothers will definitely succeed this survival training!”

Sharwin finally nodded. Unknown to what he had seen, his eyes were widely looking at something behind Zhang Tie. Hearing the chaos behind him, Zhang Tie turned back and saw Fatty Barley walking towards them with a huge luggage on his back like a tortoise. The huge luggage and his equipment had caused the commotion. Compared to Sharwin’s poor equipment, Fatty Barley’s equipment was the very definition of nouveau riche…



* * *





Chapter 67




Every undergraduate opened their luggage and placed it before their feet, waiting for the inspection of the coaches and Captain Kerlin. Besides 5kg of food, some undergraduate had also hidden some in their luggage. Using Zhang Tie as an example, his mom had prepared some fried rice for him and had hidden it in the inner layer of his luggage. If wasn’t too excessive, the coaches and teachers would not punish them for it. Of course, if anyone brought too much food, the surplus food had to be handed in, and at the same time, the coach or teacher in front of him would give him a stern look. If such a thing were to occur, it would perhaps not be worth it to bring so much food.

Based on the experiences of their predecessors, all the horny students understood the bottom line—they could not secretly bring more than 1kg of food, which was basically one day’s worth of food. If anyone exceeded this amount, then they would be punished.

Soon after their luggage were checked, Captain Kerlin sent his order, “Set Off.” Hearing his order, those horny students shouldered their luggage and walked out of the school in lines in their respective class towards the west gate of Blackhot City.

It was only when they had walked out the school gates did the students from the lower grades arrive at school. With a complex look in their eyes, they stood on both sides of the school gates as they saw off the undergraduates equipped with weapons!

For the kids from commoner families in Blackhot City, none of them would be able to avoid participating in the survival training; it was their destiny, and it was the destiny of everyone in this age. For humans to expand their living domain, they relied on sending out young men from the school gates every year despite the fact that some would lose their lives.

“Little brothers, work hard! Next year, it will be your turn!” Some guy at the front loudly shouted. Unfortunately, only a few people responded, as his words had made them depressed.

Remaining silent, Zhang Tie moved on along with the others. Compared to when he had first arrived at school, his luggage had become heavier. The most obvious change was the black pot covering his luggage. All the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood were shouldering more goods than when they had arrived at school. Everything extra they had been carrying was something that Fatty Barley brought. In regards to the huge pot, Fatty Barley only had one reason: if they could drink soup, they would have ⅓ more choices to choose from for food, and they could also reduce their food consumption by ¼ while being able to recover their physiques a bit faster. The reason Fatty Barley gave was convincing and persuasive, thus Zhang Tie shook his head and carried the ridiculously huge black pot along with his luggage.

Ever since the morning, he had been carrying the black pot. For some unknown reason, perhaps due to superstition in the eastern countries[1], Zhang Tie faintly felt that he would encounter troubles during this survival training. Before he had left, he had noticed a vicious glare from Sharon, who was standing beside Glaze. Thinking of how low-key Glaze’s group has been acting these days, Zhang Tie felt as if something bad would happen to him.

In fact, they actually didn’t need to bring a pot; if they wanted to drink soup, they could simply use their own helmets or food container, which was what most people did. Zhang Tie had also suggested this; however, Fatty Barley gave him a mysterious smile as he told Zhang Tie that he would know the advantages of the pot when they arrived.

Therefore, Zhang Tie set off with that huge black pot on his back. It was such a big pot that even Captain Kerlin gave it a look a few times.

However, the black pot paled in comparison to the killing machine known as the “Iron Gate T21”, a light, complex pulley-based crossbow used by professionals, that hung on Doug’s shoulder. Although it was lighter than other crossbows, it was 1m in length and weighed 30kg before having been loaded with arrows. As all the important parts of the “Iron Gate T21” were made of a special alloy, it looked like a huge steel kite on Doug’s back, making it really eye-catching.

While carrying the “Iron Gate T21” that was not too heavy around his shoulder, Doug gave off an arrogant air, causing Bagdad’s eyes to turn green with envy.

The “Iron Gate” was also brought by Fatty. Compared with Sharwin’s miserable treatment, Barley’s dad had really paid an exorbitant amount for the survival training. From what Zhang Tie knew, an “Iron Gate T21” was worth at least 15 gold coins since it had to be made from a special, high-performance alloy. It was not possible to produce the crossbow in Blackhot City; only Kalur of the Andaman Alliance, known as the city of machines, was able to produce the series of long-range weapons which the “Iron Gate” belonged to.

While Doug carried the “Iron Gate T21”, Sharwin and Leit carried two arrow containers. Each cross-arrow container contained 80 standard, steel armor-piercing arrows and 2 clips[2]. In addition, Bagdad also helped Fatty carry a steel pike that could be assembled, while Hista was carrying a professional outdoor bag for Fatty. Zhang Tie was really speechless about Barley, as there were still a lot of things on him. This time, Zhang Tie knew clearly how afraid of death Fatty Barley was.

When they were setting off school, the first morning rays cast down in Blackhot City. Walking on the street, the tidy footsteps arouse the attention of all the passersby. Seeing these young men leaving the city, some kind-hearted, middle-aged women would stop walking and would start to pray with clasped hands. In addition, pastors and priests from the church of the Brilliance God had long prepared to spray holy water over each horny student on the roadside.

“Children, God will bless you. Use your machetes and spears to deal with those beasts outside the city walls. Go and spray the glorious rays of humankind in those remote places. The believers of God will definitely return safely!” shouted the big-bellied nun.

Zhang Tie’s clothes and face had also been sprayed with several droplets. The Brilliance God was worshiped by the Sun Dynasty, a country that had unified both state and church. The school of the Brilliance God covered every nook and cranny of that country. It was said that all the government officials in that country were assumed by clergymen. In the Sun Dynasty, government officials owned the sovereign powers; however, they didn’t refer to themselves as government officials and had even forbade others from calling them that. Instead, they preferred to be called the most pious servants. In Barley’s words, they were just a group of bastards that wanted to erect memorial archways[3] for themselves.

“That priest is obviously obsessed with alcohol and women. Those young nuns beside him are not virgins!” Passing by that bastard who was spraying holy water, Hista, the obscene guy, lowered his voice and told Zhang Tie, “Seeing the look in the nuns’ eyes and their eyebrows, I can tell that the two nuns had just made love with someone an hour ago and are still fascinated even now. Motherf*ckers, do they really think we’re still virgins?”

“You could even see this?” Zhang Tie was really startled.

“Of course, if you spend as much time as I have on women, you can also easily tell whether they have just made love through looking, tasting, smelling, and touching. Let alone the eyes, I can even tell just by using my tongue…” Hista replied pleasantly.

“How do you identify it by tongue?” Zhang Tie doubted.

“If you have kissed them, you will be able to find that women having made love always have a cold tongue tip…” Hista answered confidently.

Hearing Hista’s words, Zhang Tie immediately became self-abased and speechless.

……

Zhang Tie and the other horny students walked across half of Blackhot City. On the way, they had encountered several groups from other schools. After some greetings, they would head to their own destinations. There were more than 10,000 undergraduates in Blackhot City. Naturally, not all of them would go to Wild Wolf Valley for their survival training; instead, they would scatter to areas 50-80 km away from Blackhot City. After special inspection, the difficulty in those areas used for survival training did not vary too much, thus every year, representatives of the schools would choose the place for survival training by drawing lots. This year, the Seventh National Male Middle School drew the Wild Wolf Valley, which was neither too bad nor too good. Generally speaking, the closer it was to Blackhot City, the less dangerous it would be. As Wild Wolf Valley was 70 km away from Blackhot City, it was neither too dangerous nor too safe.

When Zhang Tie and his team passed by the municipal square, Zhang Tie glanced at that mailbox one last time before forcing himself to forget about it. 20 minutes later at 8:00 am, the team arrived at the west gate of Blackhot City and soon left Blackhot City through the gate.

While passing through the dim city gates, Zhang Tie really felt like he was drilling through a mouse den; inside the tunnel of the gate that spanned 50m, it was so dim that lamps had to be lit inside during the day. Leaving Blackhot City, the horny students were really shocked by the magnificent Blackhot Mountain Ranges which were twisting like huge dragons in front of their eyes. The scene made them breathless. On average, the mountains were taller than 10,000m, and at the top of the mountains, were snow white lines. Several huge shadows of eagles hovering in the sky brought them a sense of desolation.

[1] Carrying a black pot means shouldering the blame for others.

[2] An arrow has to be put inside a clip before being shot out.

[3] Memorial Archway is a symbol of humble behaviors and good popularity.



* * *





Chapter 68




Wild Wolf Valley was only about 70 km west of Blackhot City. If they brought nothing with them, it would not be difficult for Zhang Tie and the other students of Seventh National Male Middle School to arrive there during the day, although they would have to expend some effort. However, as each of them was carrying tens of kilograms of luggage on their backs, it was undoubtedly a huge struggle for everyone.

The scenery outside the city walls was completely different from that within the walls. Within the areas 10km away from the city walls, they were able to see patches of farmlands and the farmers working in the fields. There were watchtowers set at a specific distance between each other. These watchtowers had two functions: the first function was to send warnings, and the second function was to provide refuge for the farmers in the event that they suffer an attack from any dangerous living beings at any point in time.

One kilometer away from the city, they passed the first farming town. Compared to the high city walls that were about 30m high in Blackhot City, the walls in that farming town were only about 5m in height. It looked extremely easy to destroy, as a height of 5m was not much of an obstacle for many magical beasts and dangerous living beings. The small town covered less than one square kilometer, as the farmlands were outside the walls. In the daytime, many farmers would work in the field. Seeing those students, many of them stopped their work.

“Which school are you from?” an uncle that was about 30 years of age standing in the wheat field asked.

“Seventh National Male Middle School!” someone replied.

“Ha…Ha… I graduated from Tenth National Male Middle School. Guys, kill more beasts for us. Lately, there has been more and more demon beasts outside the city walls…”

“We will…”

“Come back alive! Remember not to excrete your bowel in the woods…” the farmer shouted.

“What…”

“Don’t expose your bare butts in the air…”

“F*cking lunatic!” hearing the farmer’s words, that students cursed as he caught up to the team. Seeing that farmer, whose skin had turned black under the sun, Zhang Tie was moved and then kept his words in mind.

The farther the towns and villages were from Blackhot City, the smaller they would be and the lower the walls would be. Finally, when they were 10 km away from Blackhot City, they saw the last town, which was only surrounded by a wooden fence that was about 3m in height. As they passed this town, they suddenly heard the continuous urgent ringing of bells drifting from a wooden watch tower in the field outside the town. Hearing the ringing of the bells, the farmers hurriedly dropped their tools and ran inside the town. At the same time, a team of fully-armored people mounted on horses rushed out.

“Defend your positions!” Captain Kerlin shouted as he instantly rushed out with a spear in hand like a galloping war horse. It was only at that moment that the students from the Seventh Male Middle School realized how powerful Captain Kerlin was.

“Oh my god, Captain Kerlin’s speed is at least 20m/s…” all the horny students shouted as they kept their eyes on Captain Kerlin.

Only a few breaths had passed, yet Captain Kerlin was already 100m away from the group. Soon, they saw a huge totem of a Bloody Scorpion rising up from behind Captain Kerlin.

“Battle Qi! That is Captain Kerlin’s Battle Qi! Captain Kerlin is a Bloody-Scorpion Fighter…” more horny students shouted. At the same time, Captain Kerlin jumped directly from the ground like a hawk as he threw his spear like a bolt of lightning. The heroic gesture of Captain Kerlin made everybody fascinated. Even many years later, Zhang Tie would still be able to remember that man who was flying like an eagle in the air as he threw his spear.

The moment the spear was thrown, the shrilling sound of breaking wind drifted from far away along with the miserable shriek from a beast. Afterwards, everything returned back to normal…

The group then marched on again.

After walking 200m, all the horny students were able to see the results of Captain Kerlin’s spear—a Lv 5 mutated magical beast, a colorful leopard, that was almost 2m in length without including its tail was nailed onto one side of the road by the spear when it had drilled out from the woods. About 3 feet of the spear had entered the ground, meaning half of it was buried.

Captain Kerlin said a few words to the soldiers rushing out from the town, then he turned around and pulled the spear out from the magical beast. Afterwards, he led those horny students back on the way again.

When Captain Kerlin returned to the group after killing that magical beast, he had already become the hero in the heart of every one of the horny students. No matter how terrible that one-eyed man was at school, he really made people reassured outside the city walls. With its body and its blood, the colorful leopard reminded the passersby that this was just the beginning.

“Did you guys hear the screeching sound drifting from the air when Captain Kerlin threw his spear?” Bagdad asked the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood.

Zhang Tie and the others nodded.

“No crap, anyone could hear that!” Fatty Barley answered weakly. “I have never expected that one-eyed guy to be that powerful!”

“You guys didn’t understand what I meant!” Bagdad scratched his face, as he didn’t know how to express his thoughts. “I meant what’s the reason of that shrieking sound?”

“Very good, very powerful!” Doug replied foolishly which directly won him a contemptuous glare from Bagdad.

“Do you mean that attack was special?” Leit rolled his eyes as he asked.

“Of course, I’m guessing that attack was a sonic boom!”

“What do you mean by sonic boom?” Sharwin asked curiously.

“I’ve heard about sonic boom at the fighting club. It means when the attacks of those great fighters can reach a speed faster than 340m/s, which is the speed of sound transmission. Once they reach that speed, they would break an invisible barrier called the sound barrier. Afterwards, a huge shrieking sound of breaking air could be heard. This is called sonic boom, a symbol of great fighters!”

“You mean…” Barley stared at Bagdad in a look of amazement.

“Right! I felt like the moment it left Captain Kerlin’s hand, the spear was already faster than 340m/s. We heard the shrieking sound of air breaking when it moved faster than the sound transmission speed!” While explaining, Bagdad, with an admiring look, looked at the huge shadow of the one-eyed man who stood at the forefront of the team. “Captain Kerlin is truly a very powerful man!”

“Is it that difficult to reach the speed of sound?” Zhang Tie asked curiously.

“Yes, very difficult!” Bagdad nodded his head. “I have heard that there are powerful bowmen who are able to make use of super heavy war bows that could shoot arrows out at a speed that’s faster than the speed of sound. But! There are less than 50 such people in the entire Blackhot City. Anyone who could reach the speed of sound using a super heavy fighting bow would immediately be awarded the rank of a second lieutenant and would be able to enjoy its respective treatment. The military of Blackhot City had long had a dream to build a “Sonic Boom Matrix” that utilized super heavy fighting bows to launch long distance attacks alongside the three top pikemen matrices, but unfortunately, they have failed even after so many years. From this, you should be able to tell how valuable this skill is. Earlier, Captain Kerlin was able to achieve this by throwing his spear, which is even more difficult than using a fighting bow!”

Hearing Bagdad’s explanation, everyone else understood how valuable the sonic boom skill was as they idolized Captain Kerlin.

After those horny students from the Seventh National Male Middle School had trekked about 30km, they finally arrived at their resting point as they heavily panted, feeling like tortoises with the luggage on their backs. They were at the westernmost railway station that was nearby the Glang Iron Mine northwest of Blackhot City. Passing that railway station, the rails would gradually extend towards the Glang Iron Mine in the north. The trains that commuted between Blackhot City and Glang Iron Mine were responsible for the transportation of goods and as well as commuting between the two locations. As the iron ores from the mines supported the prosperity of Blackhot City, the trains would transport them to the steel-making mills in Blackhot City every day. Glang Iron Mine, which contained more than 6 billion tons of iron ores, was the largest iron mine in the Andaman Alliance and was even ranked 3rd in the entire Blackson Human Clan Corridor. Half of Blackhot City was established by this super iron mine.

Taking a rest nearby the railway station, Zhang Tie and the others saw their companions, those horny students from the Second National Male Middle School, arriving twenty minutes later. Following them, the next to arrive was the Fourth National Female Middle School and the Eleventh National Female Middle School. Seeing the charming female students, all the horny male students turned to stone as they drooled.



* * *





Chapter 69




Zhang Tie was also attracted by those female students as they poured out of the railway station. Ever since he was born, he had never once seen so many enchanting female students. Before those female students drew close, with the help of a breeze, the various fragrances from those girls carried by the breeze had already excited the horny students so much that they began to growl.

Wherever the female students went, they would always cause those horny male students to jump up from the ground as if they had been possessed by ghosts. Making cool gestures, they raised their chests and gazed at those female students who were passing by.

Under the gazes of those horny male students, the female students arrogantly raised their heads like peacocks. At the front of the line were several solemn female teachers and coaches who were glancing at those horny male students on the roadside with a stern look. Behind the female teachers and coaches, some of the female students kept looking ahead, while the others bashfully stared at those foolish guys.

In total, there were more than a thousand female students from those two national female schools, causing Zhang Tie to be dazed…

“So huge…” Hearing that inharmonious voice, Zhang Tie turned around, only to see Hista drooling uncontrollably as his eyes were fixed on a female student with an excellent figure.

That girl was tall and plump. She had short red hair and wore a delicate, close-fitting leather armor that made the features of her elegant figure stand out. At the sight of that female student, Zhang Tie was immediately attracted by her plump breasts and forcefully swallowed his saliva.

Zhang Tie didn’t know whether she had heard Hista’s remark or had noticed Zhang Tie and Hista’s rude gaze, but as she suddenly turned her delicate face around, she shot a furious gaze at the two. Because of that conspicuous black pot on Zhang Tie’s back, she could not help but give him another fierce glare.

“Kristine, what happened?” a slightly petite girl beside the red-haired female student asked her. “Nothing, I just saw a boring guy with a black pot on his back,” the sexy red-haired female student replied.

“Take care of yourself. The teachers have warned us that those male students are dirty rascals. Although we still have to complete our survival training in conjunction with them and may need their help, we still need to keep a distance from them. If they are too close to you, they might do something disgusting and terrifying!”

“I know, Shirley. If anyone dares to do something disgusting to me, I will use this to castrate him!” the red-haired female ferociously said as she patted the short sword on her back. In her mind, the image of the guy carrying the black pot flashed through her mind. The distant Zhang Tie suddenly felt an inexplicable chill.

“I have heard that those male students only need to remember how you look. Even if they’re not near you, they would think about doing disgusting and terrifying things to you!”

“Ah? That is so disgusting!” The female student called Kristine was so frightened that she suddenly turned pale. “Shirley, what should we do then?”

“I also don’t know. Let’s hope they don’t remember you…”

……

After meeting those cute female students in the westernmost railway station of Blackhot City, all the horny students immediately became highly spirited. The male students didn’t want to lose face in front of those female students, and neither did the female students want to lose face in front of those horny male students. Hence, during the remaining 40km journey, the male students from the two national male middle schools competed with each other, while the female students from the two national female middle schools gritted their teeth and tried not to give off a weak appearance.

After leaving that railway station, they saw fewer and fewer people, and the roads became narrower. The roads were covered with weeds, and the nearby trees and plants were much taller and were lusher. In addition, there were more and more sounds of various insects, birds, and other animals. Gradually, they entered the twisting hills neighboring the Blackhot Mountain Range.

Continuing on this path, after traveling for an hour, they would take a 15 minute break. Finally, before the sun had set, they saw a huge, magnificent castle at the top of a mountain 1km away from them. The setting sun was cast onto the castle, which caused the castle to give off a rose-golden color, making people feel as if it was a kingdom from a fairytale.

“Wild Wolf Castle! We have arrived!” someone shouted. Everyone then began cheering. Plucking up their courage, they surged towards that castle.

10 minutes later, some of the faster guys had already arrived at the foot of the castle, after which more and more people arrived. Carrying his heavy luggage, Zhang Tie was neither fast nor slow. He entered the Wild Wolf Castle together with the majority of the students from the Seventh National Male Middle School. Afterwards, everyone was shocked by the Wild Wolf Castle and the Wild Wolf Valley which it protected.

The castle’s appearance was a typical western castle, and it occupied the highest point on the mountain. It comprised of two parts: an internal castle and an external castle. Standing in the granite square outside the castle, Zhang Tie raised his head and could only see the tall wall of the external castle that was 30m in height. Within the wall, there was an arrow tower as well as some other powerful city defense equipment.

Standing in the square in front of the castle, the instant Zhang Tie moved his gaze from the castle to the Wild Wolf Valley beneath it, he was able to see the entire Wild Wolf Valley.

At dusk, Wild Wolf Valley was more or less quite dim. It was an irregular, trumpet-shaped valley that was more than 30km in length, and had many intersecting mountain ridges and hills. What left an impression on Zhang Tie the most was the exaggerated number of caves on the hills and mountains that surrounded the entire valley. Some of them looked similar to abandoned mines, while nobody knew how the other caves came into being. There were many of those strange caves everywhere. Zhang Tie didn’t know why, but when he looked at those weird caves, Zhang Tie felt that something was weird about Wild Wolf Valley.

Wild Wolf Castle rightly occupied an important spot on the eastern side of the trumpet-shaped Wild Wolf Valley.

This was where the numerous horny students would show off their survival skills in the coming two months.

Standing at the top of the mountain, Zhang Tie sucked in a deep breath and muttered, “At least I can breathe quality air here.”

More than 10 minutes after those male students had arrived, the female students from the two national female middle schools also arrived. Different from those horny students, all the female students entered the castle while chatting with each other. Less than 10 minutes after the female students had entered the castle, a company of soldiers safeguarding the castle orderly departed from the castle as they rode on their war horses, soon disappearing behind the mountain.

When the teachers and coaches were counting the number of students from each school, Zhang Tie and the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood occupied a patch of land in the square outside the castle as they unloaded their luggage. Sitting on the ground in a fatigued manner, they rubbed their swollen shoulders and numb legs.

“20 years ago, this was the westernmost war castle of Blackhot City. Nowadays, the westernmost war castle of Blackhot City has been pushed to the one that occupied the point 200km west of Blackhot City, thus this Wild Wolf Castle has gradually lost its uses. Only a company worth of soldiers would be dispatched here to perform maintenance on the war castle, and they had just left. Now, the right to use this war castle has been transferred to these schools!”

“If only we could sleep in the castle tonight! There are more than 1000 female students. They must be lonely over there!” Hista, the rascal, said admiringly as he stared at those narrow, shiny windows.

“If you castrate yourself, you might be able to enter. There is not even a single man inside the inner castle of Wild Wolf Castle. Even the male teachers and coaches of the two national male middle schools are forbidden to enter. I heard those female teachers and coaches from the two female national middle schools are old, abnormal virgins. In Blackhot City, once any man made a mistake, they could only f*ck beauties in their dreams for the rest of their lives!” Leit said emotionlessly as he shrugged his shoulders.

Hearing Leit’s words, all the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood felt a chill at their crotches and drew their legs closer.

“Hadn’t something happened during the past survival trainings?” Hista doubted. “I don’t believe that with so many beauties in front of us, that the other men would be gentlemen like us!”

“Yes, there were some incidents; however, those horny guys all died in the end!”

“How could that be possible?”

“During the survival training, the teachers and coaches would act in accordance with the decree that’s sent out during times of war by the Andaman Alliance, so you should know how they would treat people who violate the rules!”

Hearing Leit’s words, Hista started to touch his neck…

Later on, when all the horny students were resting in the square, the teachers and coaches began to tell the rules to the horny students and thus verifying what Barley and Leit had said.

Firstly, all the horny students were allowed to sleep in the square of Wild Wolf Castle tonight, but none of them were allowed to be sleeping here when the first rays of the sun shone tomorrow. Afterwards, they are expected to stay in Wild Wolf Valley. This square will be used to do trading, form teams, organize activities, and accept missions. The square will be open from 8am to 6pm every day.

Secondly, from now on, they will have act according to the wartime decree of the Andaman Alliance. Any dispute will be dealt with accordingly. Teachers from the four school have already formed a temporary committee that will supervise them. The committee will ensure the successful completion of the survival training and will also execute the wartime decree during the duration of the survival training.

Thirdly, the toilets in the external castle are open for all the horny students tonight. Nobody is allowed to casually expel their waste. Anyone who is caught dirtying the areas of Wild Wolf Castle would suffer a miserable punishment once caught…

Two hours later when it became completely dark outside, fires were lit from several huge fire baskets. Those horny students had already spread their own sleeping bags on the square. After eating some food and going to the toilet, they felt too fatigued and soon fell asleep.

Zhang Tie hid himself in the sleeping bag in the smooth, granite square. Hearing those growls from the wild wolves in the Wild Wolf Valley, he trembled and could not sleep well throughout the night…



* * *





Chapter 70




“Wake up, Bighead. We’re setting off…”

Due to his poor Qi and blood, Zhang Tie’s biological clock had been delayed for the past couple of days. The next morning, Fatty Barley woke up Zhang Tie by shaking him. Opening his eyes, Zhang Tie realized it was almost dawn, as the last star was still hanging in the eastern parts of the sky. After spending an entire night sleeping on a sturdy stone, Zhang Tie felt a tinge of pain on the back of his head.

Seeing that both Fatty Barley and Doug had already awoken, Zhang Tie also hurriedly climbed out of his sleeping bag and started to pack his luggage. The day had not broken yet; however, the horny students in the square had already woken up one by one and were preparing for the upcoming survival training.

“I’ve noticed that more than ten groups have already left. It’s our turn now!” Fatty Barley said as he arranged his luggage.

“Did you wake up early?” rolling up his sleeping bag, Zhang Tie asked Barley.

“Of course, I woke up early. Afterwards, I began to count the number of groups that had left. Those guys will find a path for us, and we will follow them. It won’t be good if we’re too early or too late.”

“This fatty is truly cunning.” Zhang Tie admired inwardly. “But it’s really reassuring to have him as a brother.”

Picking himself up from the ground, Zhang Tie glanced at where Glaze’s group had stayed last night. As he predicted, the four people had already disappeared. It seemed that they had already climbed down the mountain a long time ago. As this survival training was the final chance for Glaze, he might be more anxious than anyone else to perform well.

The seven members of the Hit-Plane Brother arranged their luggage quickly and then followed the over ten groups that had departed earlier from the square outside Wild Wolf Castle. Leading to the valley below was a 200m long path paved with broken stones from the square. Walking along the path that twisted around the mountain, they entered the valley. Two other groups walked alongside the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood before splitting up with them at the bottom of the mountain. From this point on, they had become opponents to the other groups, as there were limited inhabitable places and resources in the valley that could only be gained through luck and fighting.

On the first day of the survival training, everyone’s first test was to search for a suitable place to stay.

In the wild, a proper place to stay had to meet the following three conditions: first, it had to be close to a clean water source; second, it had to be sufficiently safe; third, it had to be in a place that was convenient for them to gather enough food in the future.

Although they could feel safe and would be close to a clean water source if they stayed near the castle, it would be difficult to gather enough food. Based on the experiences of those from the previous years, most people chose to stay about 1-7 km away from the castle, though some arrogant people or groups with many members would choose a place a bit farther to stay.

With an axe in hand, Bagdad cleared the path before them as Doug, Barley, and Zhang Tie followed. Hista and Sharwin followed behind Zhang Tie, and Leit stayed at the end of the line. Everybody held their weapons and entered the valley cautiously. They couldn’t be careless here because just as they walked down the path, Doug had stepped into a pile of feces from some unknown beast, who seemed to have left it here last night. When Doug cursed loudly, they all felt a chill in their hearts. They once again reminded themselves that this was Wild Wolf Valley and not Blackhot City.

After walking for 200m in the valley, Sharwin found a water-leaf willow. He then picked up several willow twigs and distributed them to the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood. They then chewed the willow twigs for the water inside the twigs, using it to wash their mouths. In the wild, they had to be frugal. As it was early in the morning, the temperature in the valley was still a bit low. The valley was still covered with a thin layer of fog, and dew was still on the leaves of the trees and in the grass. After walking for a while, a small portion of their clothes had gotten wet.

The “gugugu” sound from some unknown birds on the trees reverberated from far away. The valley then gradually became quiet.

After traveling less than 500m since they entered the valley, they encountered their first wolf. When Bagdad was waving the huge axe to clear the path, a wolf that had been resting in the grass 20m away suddenly stood up. After staring at them, it immediately turned back and disappeared into the woods before they could respond.

The sight of the wolf naturally made everybody tightly grip their weapons.

After walking another 1km, they found a crystal stream with a width of more than 5 meters. The river was so translucent that they could even clearly see the cobblestones and the water weeds at the bottom as well as a shoal of small fish that was swimming happily among the water weeds.

“I suggest we go deep into the valley along the river. It would be great if we could find an inhabitable place along the river!” Bagdad uttered.

“Fine!” Everybody agreed. Thus, they descended into the valley along the river. After another 1km, they passed by an abandoned mine. Surrounding that mine were several caves in the mountains nearby. The two groups that had arrived earlier had already occupied two of those caves. Seeing the huge and perfectly round caves in the precipices and the ridges, Doug asked curiously, “How could there be so many strange caves in the precipices?”

“I heard that there used to be Gold-Eating Boas who would twist over there in the past and would bore holes for themselves, but later on, they were exterminated by humans. As a result, those holes were left…”Sharwin said.

“Caves of Gold-Eating Boas?” Doug asked surprisingly. Seeing those round caves in the precipices and the ridges whose diameters varied from 1m to 3m, Zhang Tie forcefully swallowed his saliva. He tried to imagine how large those Gold-Eating Boas would be if those caves were the size of the Gold-Eating Boas. At this thought, Zhang Tie’s legs felt weak, and he felt despair when he looked at those pitch black holes.

“Of course, you didn’t know that?” Sharwin asked curiously.

“How did you know?” turning pale, Leit asked Sharwin.

“I read about it from the local chronicles of Blackhot City…” Sharwin said without any hesitation. “I remember that these Gold-Eating Boas from the Wild Wolf Valley were recorded in the local chronicles of Blackhot City more than 30 years ago. It was said that these Gold-Eating Boas were as old as 1000 years. At that time, in order to eliminate them, the whole Blackson Human Clan Corridor had to take action and numerous high-level fighters arrived from all directions. With the cooperation between the armies and the numerous high-level fighters, they were finally able to kill them all. After that, Blackhot City found an iron mine and a high-quality crystal mine. Tens of years later, nowadays, the crystal mine has almost been completely depleted and became useless. In contrast, the iron mine was completely deserted when the Glang Iron Mine was discovered. They had transferred the personnel over to the Glang Iron Mine due to this mine being more costly and producing lower quality iron ores, thus this iron mine was gradually abandoned. After the Gold-Eating Boas were killed, the population of the wild wolves sharply increased. Seeing so many wild wolves here, they named this place as the Wild Wolf Valley…”

Naturally, nobody in the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, with the exception of Sharwin, would be bored enough to read the local chronicles of Blackhot City. Although this event had happened more than 30 years ago, it was still terrifying to them even now.

“What if they didn’t kill them all and had left a small one…” Doug muttered.

With the sound of “gulu”, everybody forcefully swallowed their saliva. Looking at those mountain caves once again, they dared not to live inside them anymore.

“I think we’re better off not going too deep into the valley. If we can’t find a suitable place to stay after another 2 km, we should turn back…” Fatty Barley immediately suggested with a solemn look.

Everybody hurriedly nodded, and even Bagdad didn’t object. Thinking of how this place used to be teething with huge snakes and monsters that were as long as 100m and could even eat the stones before them, everyone had an inexplicable feeling about Wild Wolf Valley.

After searching for about 4 hours, the seven members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood finally found a place that was about 5 km away from Wild Wolf Castle. There was a Dragon-Claw Tree with a diameter of more than 10m near the small woods. Unknown whether or not this was a mutated species, this Dragon-Claw Tree that was covered in lumps was the largest one they had ever seen. Its height was greater than 50m, and at the top of the tree was a cloud-like crown, which covered several mu of land. Previously, seeing the tree, they had wanted to take a rest over there, but they ended up finding a hollow cave on the tree that was 4m away from the ground. Climbing onto the tree, Bagdad took a peep inside and surprisingly found that the inside of the hollow cave was very spacious and could easily hold three people. What was more marvelous was that someone had once lived inside; this should have been the living place of someone who had previously attended the survival training. Everybody then became excited. Each of them climbed onto the tree to peep inside. Fortunately, they found another natural hollow cave, which was much smaller than the first one and could only hold one person, 7m above the ground on the same tree. Even with the two hollow caves, the Dragon-Claw Tree still looked very green; however, the wood inside the tree had already become completely rotten. It seemed as if it had been struck by lightning, as one could easily grab some wood scraps from the inside of the hollow cave.

“Why not renovate it into a place that could hold the seven of us?” Leit’s words made everybody spirited. It could already hold four people and it did not seem difficult to further renovate it, thus everyone immediately started to work.

The renovation was composed of two steps. The first step was to expand the space of the two hollow caves as much as possible. The lower cave should be able to hold four people, their equipment, and food, while the upper cave should be expanded as much as possible. If it was expanded to be as large as the lower cave, then it would be able to hold another three people and they would all be able to live inside.

After expanding the inner space of the two tree caves, they would arrive at the second step of renovation: breaking through the two hollow caves by leaving an “N”-shaped path between them. At least two or three people could sleep in the “N”-shaped space, so they would not feel cramped inside the caves.

As they had learned some preliminary carpenter’s skills at school and didn’t need to make it nice-looking and delicate, they could easily do this kind of work.

Bagdad waved his axe together while Zhang Tie and Leit used their multi-purpose military shovels. With wood scraps flying everywhere, it only took them over two hours to finish the work on the lower hollow cave.

Seeing those wood scraps inside the hollow caves, Barley shouted, “Ah, don’t throw them away. These dried wood scraps can be used as firewood. We will not have to worry about lacking firewood for the next couple of weeks…”

Everybody burst out into laughter…



* * *





Chapter 71




Using his multipurpose military shovel, Zhang Tie dug in the upper hole in the tree. The military shovel could become a miniature hoe by folding the foldable shovel head vertically into each other. One edge of the head of the hoe was very sharp and could be used as a miniature axe, while the other edge was full of jagged teeth and could be used as a saw. While humming a tune, Zhang Tie flicked the shovel to clean off the rotten woods in the cave. As everyone found it refreshing and interesting to live in tree hollows, they worked really hard.

Barley and Sharwin were responsible for making a fire to cook supper that would be cooked in the huge black pot on the stone hearth, and Doug and Hista were responsible for sending out warnings for any danger within 50m, while Zhang Tie, Bagdad, and Leit were responsible for the renovation of the holes in the trees.

After renovating the lower hole, the three of them placed all their attention onto the upper hole. Compared to the lower hole, the upper hole required more work. As the upper hole had a limited amount of space and only had enough space to allow one person to enter for the first time, only when the first person had expanded the size inside could a second person enter. Thus, it was slower to renovate the upper hole. Zhang Tie was the first one to enter the upper hole. One hour later, Zhang Tie exited the hole and replacing him was Leit. After another hour, Leit exited and Bagdad entered. After two more hours, the space inside could already barely hold two people, thus as Bagdad left, Zhang Tie and Leit entered again. After another hour of work, Bagdad could push himself in as well. From then on, the renovation work for the upper hole started to accelerate.

At noon, several groups of students from the Second National Male Middle School and the Seventh National Male Middle School also noticed the renovated tree hollows. Two groups of guys from the Second National Male Middle School had even intended to chase away the Hit-Plane Brotherhood by relying on their superior numbers, but when Doug held the “Iron Gate T21” and aimed it at those malicious fellows, they could only reluctantly leave as the corners of their eyes twitched. They would never have imagined that the Hit-Plane Brotherhood would be so crazy to even bring along the “Iron Gate T21”. The “Iron Gate T21” was a machine-driven crossbow with two strings, and the two strings could be pulled simultaneously, allowing one to shoot two arrows at the same time. The arrows shot from the “Iron Gate T21” could pierce through an armored human body as long as it was within a distance of 50m. Anyone who wanted the tree hollows would suffer a miserable loss once Doug pulled the trigger of the bow twice. Naturally, nobody dared to trespass in their territory. As it was merely a place to stay, casualties were not worth it.

Working through the entire afternoon, they finally finished renovating the upper hole just as dusk was about to fall. At the time of completion, the upper hole could barely allow two people to lay inside; however, having two people lay inside and having three people stand inside were completely different matters, as the three people standing would all feel a bit exhausted. Finally, Leit couldn’t stand anymore and was replaced by Hista. Bagdad and the other members of the Hit-Plane Brother were really amazed that Zhang Tie could stand as long as Bagdad. They were even in awe at Zhang Tie, who looked as normal as before. For Zhang Tie, he had indirectly showed his strength as a LV 1 fighter and could even surpass Bagdad by a bit at that moment. After igniting his Shrine burning point, Zhang Tie’s physique had already improved greatly, quickly narrowing the gap between the physique of a Chinese and that of another human race. Certainly, if Bagdad had also ignited his Shrine burning point and had gained the same benefits as him, then Zhang Tie knew that he would not be his match. But, how could Bagdad ignite his Shrine burning point as fast as him?

After thinking through this point, Zhang Tie became more confident of being able to successfully complete the survival training.

In the evening, the aroma drifting from the hot pot of soup made everyone feel hungry. Naturally, when Barley called them, everybody took their own food container and moved around that pot of hot soup. Compressed dry food plus a bowl of hot meat soup——it was simply perfect!

Inside the soup were the dried beef brought by Barley and the wild fiddlehead foraged by Sharwin. After boiling them in lightly salted water, they ended up with the delicious soup.

Everybody was satisfied with this supper. After supper, they cleaned their dinnerware in the small stream a few dozen meters away. When they all returned, they all sat by the bonfire under the tree as they discussed their next course of action.

“I think it will take us another day to finish the second stage of the renovation, after which we would be able to completely put the two holes to use. The food that we had brought with us will only last one week. For the remaining two months, we will have to gather food by ourselves. Considering how we all eat from the same big pot, in theory, we should all submit about a kilogram of food each day,” Barley said solemnly as he glanced over every member of the brotherhood. “Since this survival training is dangerous, we might lose our lives when searching for food. We have to take this seriously. As we are brothers and will eat together, we have to consider our collective interests as well as our individual interests when it comes to obtaining food and its distribution. We will not force any member of the brotherhood to do something that is inconsistent with the principles of our brotherhood. I’ve already thought up a plan for food allocation. Let’s discuss about that…”

Barley then poured out the details of his distribution plan. The food collected through a group effort will be evenly distributed and consumed by all the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood. If an individual acquires food by themselves, then it will be dealt according to its weight. For amounts less than 1kg, since they all ate from the same big pot, it should be used to replenish the group’s food supply, so that will belong to the group. For amounts that weighed between 1kg and 3kg, it will belong to the individual’s emergency food supply, which should be safely stored somewhere and would only be used in times of emergency. As everyone has to eat, if someone in the group has an insufficient amount, someone else would have to bail you out. For amounts greater than 3kg, it will depend on the individual who found it. They could send it to others, use it seduce girls, or exchange it for other things at Wild Wolf Castle. That person could also contribute the food to the Hit-Plane Brotherhood in exchange for credits worth the same in the market of Blackhot City. The credits could then be exchanged for a ticket when it accumulated to a certain degree. Using Barley as an example, that fatty had two vote tickets because of his contributions to the Hit-Plane Brotherhood.

After Barley declared his plan, everybody agreed after a short discussion. It truly considered both their individual interests as well as the collective interests of the group.

“If I submit more than 1 kg of food every day, can I freely do my own thing for the rest of the time?” Zhang Tie asked Barley.

“You can be free to do your own thing. However, at our tree base, from 8:00 am to 6:00 pm every day, we must have at least one person on duty that will cook. In addition, we will take turns being on duty; one will stay on duty from 6:00 pm to 0:00 am, and someone else will replace him from 0:00 am to 8:00 am. As long as you submit enough food and will not disturb the other members, you are free to do whatever you want during the rest of the time!” After explaining, Barley curiously looked at Zhang Tie and gave him a suggestion, “Bighead, it’s dangerous to act alone. As we are brothers, we should work together for the sake of our safety!”

“The thing I want to do is probably something you guys don’t want to do!” Zhang Tie smiled.

Bagdad raised his chest and replied, “There’s nothing to fear. If you want to fight Glaze’s group, we brothers will support you!”

“That’s right!” the rest of the people said in unison.

“I want to dig in the mines. Do you still want to go with me?” Zhang Tie said as he stared at those guys. Hearing his words, everyone’s eyes opened widely.

“Dig in the mines? You want to dig in the mines?” with his mouth gaping, Barley asked.

“I know how you guys see those who aren’t able to find food and have to suffer bitter feelings because they couldn’t find enough food to complete the survival training. But, I really do find mining to be fun!” Zhang Tie blinked as he naively looked at them. “I have always felt since I was young that mining was interesting. Since I have the opportunity, I must seize this chance!”

“Brother, you will regret it!” Hista sincerely suggested. “This survival training is our test and is also an opportunity arranged by Blackhot City for us to get acquainted with and perhaps even marry those girls. No girl would like a man who isn’t even able to gather sufficient amounts of food through hunting and would rather just make himself dirty in the caves. The people who had dug in the mines there in the past years were just guys with bad luck. Most of them were even single.”

“Since this has been one of my dreams since I was a kid, I would still like to give it a try. If it’s not interesting, then I’ll just come back!”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, the corner of everybody’s mouths began to twitch. They became speechless. Even Barley couldn’t think it through. Since Zhang Tie was such a smart kid, why did he want to be a miner when he was a kid? Though, he wasn’t one to speak since he had dreamed to become a prestigious concierge when he was a child.

Seeing the looks of amazements on their faces, Zhang Tie apologized inwardly, “Sorry, brothers! This survival training means different things for you and I. For you, you are here to gather sufficient food and perhaps even earn the favor of those girls, but I am here to gather enough energy for my Castle of Black Iron. I don’t know where else I could replenish my Castle of Black Iron’s basic energy storage. It would be difficult for me to find an opportunity in a short period of time once we return back to Blackhot City or some other destination.”

Before the survival training had begun, Zhang Tie had already decided that his goal for the survival training was to make the Castle of Black Iron grow stronger. After learning of the effects of the first Leakless Fruit and surviving his first life and death encounter, Zhang Tie obtained a deep understanding of the changes and hopes that the Castle of Black Iron had brought. The Castle of Black Iron and that small tree were his two top-guarded secrets, ones which were closely related to his fate. Because of the Castle of Black Iron and that marvelous tree, Zhang Tie had already stepped onto a road that was completely different from the others. When compared to the Castle of Black Iron and the marvelous tree, a little bit of food, the looks of ridicules, and the mocking from others became nothing significant.

As Zhang Tie and the others were idly chatting under the tree, Doug, who had run towards the grass to relieve his bowels, suddenly shrieked, causing all the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood to grab their weapons and rush towards him. Bagdad and Zhang Tie rushed forward shoulder in shoulder, causing Bagdad to cast a look of amazement at Zhang Tie. When they drew close to Doug, everybody gaped…

With his trousers off, Doug was crying as he jumped around in the grass while covering his bottom. “Ahh, my ass! These bastards… Can’t they even let me take a sh*t?”

Seeing the members of the brotherhood running towards him, with dripping tears, Doug ran towards them with his bottom exposed as if he had just seen his saviors. “Help! Quick! Help me take a look. My ass was just bitten by something… I think it might be poisonous… I’m going to die… Help!”

Without even having pulled up his trousers, Doug ran towards the group, inevitably tripping on his trousers and falling onto the ground. When Doug fell, Zhang Tie clearly saw a bloody mark on his swollen left butt cheek.

Bagdad hurriedly helped Doug up as Zhang Tie rushed towards where Doug had just been. That guy had just left a landmine——there was a pile of sh*t over there. The moment Zhang Tie arrived there, the odor almost made him vomit; however, compared to the life of his brother, the smell was nothing serious. Zhang Tie wanted to figure out what had bitten Doug, so he could quickly cure him with the right medicine.

As he ran over there, Zhang Tie casually broke a twig. When he arrived, Zhang Tie held his breath and started to search for the thing that had bitten Doug at the place where he had squatted. Luckily, he soon found a blue-gray scorpion which had its tail raised in the patch of grass beside the “landmine”; it was currently preparing to attack Zhang Tie. The instant Zhang Tie saw it, he became relaxed; however, the smelly odor almost made Zhang Tie roll backwards. He hurried broke the twig into two halves and nipped the scorpion as if he was nipping vegetables with a pair of chopsticks.

“Ah! It’s so painful! I’m going to die… Hurry, brothers! Someone help me suck out the poison. If not, I really will die soon. I already feel numb in half my body. Ah… I feel cold… Hurry up… Ah...” Doug cried miserably over there as he glanced at the other members of Hit-Plane Brotherhood, who showed weird expressions. Before Zhang Tie returned, every member of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood looked pale and had a solemn look on their faces; they looked as if they were making a choice of life or death as they stared at the swollen spot on Doug’s butt. The atmosphere was very weird. They looked at each other and became speechless. Sucking out the poison wasn’t a problem, but someone would have to put their mouth on Doug’s butt. That… That...

As they were drawing lots, at the sight of Zhang Tie, who was walking towards them with the scorpion, everyone hurriedly rushed forward as if they had seen their savior.

“Don’t worry, it’s nothing serious. It’s just an ordinary blue-gray scorpion, which isn’t very poisonous. Those who had been bitten will recover after a day of rest...” As he said that, Zhang Tie showed the scorpion to the others. Whoop! Everybody became relaxed. At the same time, Doug, who was crying about how that poisonous fluid had flowed into his heart and how half his body had already felt numb, shut his mouth.

It was just an ordinary blue-gray scorpion which had a little toxicity. Those who were bitten would only feel a little bit of pain, and at most, it would slightly affect their actions temporarily; it was nothing serious. After becoming relaxed, they realized something and then shot Doug, who was still lying on his stomach, a furious glare. What a bastard! Thinking of how Doug said that half his body already felt numb and the poisonous fluid had flowed into his heart, they realized they were almost cheated by him. At this realization, when they had come to terms with what the consequences of being cheated by Doug would have been, everybody became furious inside…

Moving forward with an obscene smile, Barley said, “You said that you felt half your body being numb?”

“Kaka!” With a pinch of his fingers, Bagdad also gloomily walked over. “You also said you had started to feel cold…”

“Poisonous fluid had already arrived at your heart?” Leit asked solemnly with arms crossed.

“Were you planning to let us suck out the poison from your butt?” Hista smiled obscenely.

“You are a liar!” Sharwin pouted.

Feeling as if something was not right, Doug immediately pulled up his trousers and stood up. Seeing his movement, even Zhang Tie frowned and became speechless. “He seems to have not even cleaned his butt. He’s… really… really… great!”

“I… just now… was too nervous. Right, I was too nervous, so my body had the wrong feelings!” Doug stammered.

“Felt the wrong feelings? We’ll help you correct it. I remember a method. We don’t need to suck out the poisonous fluid for you; there’s a mystical oriental treatment where we just beat your wounds to help the poisonous fluid flow out” Saying that, Bagdad kicked Doug’s wound, causing him to cry out miserably. The instant Doug intended to escape, he was caught by Bagdad. Afterwards, with the exception of Zhang Tie, everybody charged at him. In the next three minutes, Doug, who had just been stung by a scorpion, got to experience the “beating treatment” and its effects…



* * *





Chapter 72




After a day of rest, Doug was already able to freely move in the next evening. At the sight of his sad and furious face, every member of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood could not help but laugh out loudly. On the first day of the survival training, Doug had been stung by a scorpion on his snow-white butt when he was squatting in the grass to relieve his bowels. Thankfully, that was only an ordinary blue-gray scorpion which had low toxicity, and he was able to freely move only one day after his brothers’ “beating treatment”. That incident caused everyone to be alert; they had started to realize what the farmer meant when he said, “Don’t expose your butt in the air.” What if it was a mutated scorpion with extremely high toxicity? What if it was a snake with extremely toxic venom or a fatally poisonous insect? If that was the case, Doug might have already become a corpse.

Nobody wanted to be bitten by something while they squatted on the ground or in the grass relaxedly like Doug had. After realizing the potential dangers, everyone, with the exception of Doug, had built a toilet that was not too far away from the tree hollows on the first evening of the survival training. Barley had even sprayed some medicinal powder used to repel poisonous animals on the ground around the toilet and as well as the area around the Dragon-Claw Tree.

During the daytime of the second day, with the exception of Doug, who was still lying in the hole to recover, everyone continued to expand the tree hollows using the axe, military shovel, dagger, and machete. They had basically completed the second step of the renovation of their tree hollow, successfully expanding the hollows into three spacious floors, which was sufficient for seven people to sleep inside.

After eating for two days, the total amount of food had dropped below 30 kg, which would only feed them for four days at most. They had started to feel pressure from the limited basic living necessities, thus on the third day of the survival training, everyone had decided to go and forage for food.

Due to his Qi, blood, and spiritual energy having recovered, Zhang Tie’s woke him up from his sweet dream at about 6:00 am; he was the one to wake up the earliest. Opening his eyes, he saw the traces of the top of the hole having been chopped. His crystal clear senses had been recovered, as he could easily identify which tools or which weapons had created those marks. Previously, Zhang Tie couldn’t do that at all. Could his growing spiritual energy be making him smarter and giving him sharper senses? After thinking about it for a while, Zhang Tie immediately got up. Knowing that the Leakless Fruit will continue to ripen again, he felt much better and felt as if his life was full of hope.

The one lying in the same upper hole with Zhang Tie was Hista. When Zhang Tie woke up, Hista was still snoring. Those from the hole under them seemed to have not woken up yet either, thus after putting on his clothes and shoes, Zhang Tie equipped his soft armor and fastened his waistband. After checking his personal equipment, he silently climbed out of the tree hollow. For adolescents like Zhang Tie, it was not difficult to climb up and down from the high and twisting, lump-covered Dragon-Claw Tree.

Since midnight, Leit had been on duty. Hugging the “Iron Gate T21”, he sat in a pit that was a meter deep under the lower tree hollow with widely opened eyes. Seeing Zhang Tie climbing down, he was pretty surprised. “So early?”

“Hoho, the early bird gets the worms!”

“The worms that get up early will be eaten by the bird. Do you really want to give it a try?”

Zhang Tie nodded. “Yes!”

“Good luck!” Leit stopped trying to persuade Zhang Tie. In his opinion, Zhang Tie would definitely come back after suffering from a couple of setbacks. Mining during the survival training was not that easy.

Waving his hands towards Leit, Zhang Tie climbed down the tree and quickly disappeared from their camp…

Morning in the valley was different from that in the cities, as there was a fresh fragrance lingering here. Leaving the tree, Zhang Tie greedily inhaled the fresh air that contained the aura of the wild plants. He then ran towards the small stream not far away. Arriving at the small, crystal-clear stream where the members of the brotherhood fetched water, he washed his face. He then broke a water-leaf willow twig and used it to clean his mouth. After drinking two mouths of the mountain spring water and eating a small piece of dried ration, Zhang Tie started to take action.

Before heading to the mines, another idea popped up in his mind, one which he had always dreamt of but failed in practice. If he was successful, he would not have to be worried about food anymore and would have a lot of time to do what he truly wanted to do. After all, mining was just his excuse to the public; he didn’t really plan to get food from others by mining.

While he was an assistant at the grocery store, Zhang Tie had learned various skills and knowledge that would help him survive in the wild from Donder and the pioneers who visited the store. The skills and knowledge learned were not things that could be learned in school; this one, in particular, was about setting traps to capture wild animals. After observing the environment of Wild Wolf Valley for the past two days, Zhang Tie realized he could try out some of the skills and use the methods to acquire food.

Zhang Tie cut off a piece of wild bamboo, dividing them into two parts with each being 1m in length. After bundling them together, he left the area. When he passed by a patch of chestnut trees, Zhang Tie found a chestnut tree which was as wide as a duck’s egg and had a height that was greater than 3m. He then used his multi-purpose military shovel to cut that chestnut tree. After cleaning off the extra twigs and leaves on it, Zhang Tie was left with a rod. He then took out the steel spearhead that hung on his waist and nailed it onto the rod, forming a complete spear with a length that was slightly longer than 2m. With that long spear in hand, Zhang Tie became even more dauntless. He then moved towards a place in his memory that was 500m away from the camp with his long spear and the two parts of bamboo in hand.

As most of the participants of the survival training chose to stay within 5km of the castle, most of the birds and animals were observed and chased away, while the unlucky ones had already been killed by the participants. Thus, it would be relatively safer within this area, as fewer dangerous beasts were here. Because of this, despite him acting alone, Zhang Tie had nothing to worry about.

Before he had arrived at his destination, he had already heard the sound of running water from behind the mountain slope. After detouring that mountain slope, a small river that was as wide as seven or eight meters appeared in front of Zhang Tie’s eyes. Patches of weeds, aquatic plants, and reeds could be found along the streamside. Zhang Tie’s arrival had caused several birds to fly away. Although the river was not crystal clear, it was still clean. Squatting down, Zhang Tie observed along the riverside for about five or six minutes, finding that there were always fish the length of chopsticks jumping out of the water and that there were no other fierce aquatic animals like crocodiles. After a while, Zhang Tie got an idea. Clearing the path using his long spear, he walked towards the upper reach of the stream. At that location, he found several small streams which would converge with the river at several different distances. Every time he saw another small stream, Zhang Tie would stop and carefully take a look; however, in the end, he would shake his head and continued to walk to the upper reaches with a disappointed look. After 700-800m later, Zhang Tie had already seen five small streams, yet none of them made him satisfied. However, as he was blocked by a ravine and a cliff, he could no longer continue. If he wanted to pass, he would have to swim across the river or take a detour around it. Fortunately for Zhang Tie, before he took a detour around the river, he heard the trickling sound of a stream.

“Woah!” Zhang Tie stopped. If the sensitivity of his senses were not increased by his spiritual energy which had sharply grown by seven-fold, then Zhang Tie would never have heard the sound that had led him to this extremely hidden place. Clearing the path with his long spear, Zhang Tie walked past the weeds and thorns beside the cliff, heading to the direction where he could hear the trickling sound more clearly. He then continued to search for the origin of that sound along the walls of the cliff and the ravine. After detouring several huge rocks, he saw a 1m wide stream filled with pebbles converging into the river by the cliff and the ravine. The stream could only immerse his feet.

At the sight of this stream, Zhang Tie’s eyes turned bright.

After verifying the location, the slope, the depth, and the quality of the small stream, Zhang Tie made some gestures with his hands before finally making a decision. Fortunately, he had found a suitable place…

Inserting the long spear into the ground, Zhang Tie took out his military shovel and removed his shoes as he begun to dig at a place that was not too far from where the small stream led into the river. As he dug, Zhang Tie threw the wet sand and the pebbles to one side of the stream. After digging for more than an hour, he finally built a small pond that was 2m above the point of conversion; it was more than 50 cm deep and was as large as a water vat.

After creating that small pond, Zhang Tie picked up the nearby pebbles and built a small dam above it. He then started to smoothen out the 2m long water channel from the small pond to the point of convergence. Removing all the stones and pebbles that were larger than the size of an egg from the water channel, Zhang Tie then paved the water channel with fine sand and pebbles which were smaller than the size of a thumb. He then further reduced the slope of the water channel and made it narrower and deeper…

After doing so, Zhang Tie then broke the two parts of bamboo using a dagger and turned them into fine bamboo strips. Using the strips of bamboo and strips of the nearby willow, he weaved them into a funnel-shaped object and placed it at the exit of that pond. By the time he finished doing all of this, it was almost noon…

Zhang Tie then took a rest under a tree beside that stream. Wiping the sweat off his forehead, Zhang Tie was satisfied with what he had achieved with this whole morning. The area within 20m from the point where the stream converged into the river to the upper reaches had been totally changed.

About 2m onwards from the mouth of the stream, Zhang Tie had slightly changed the slope of the stream, thus the speed of the flowing water was changed and became slower. Zhang Tie had also changed the depth of the stream. Previously, this section of the stream was only 5 to 10 cm in depth, and pebbles were even exposed to the air in some areas, meaning the depth was less than 3 cm. After Zhang Tie had moved the bigger stones and the wet sand away, the depth became more than 20 cm. Above the water channel was a deeper pond, the exit of which was blocked by an ugly, funnel-shaped object created by Zhang Tie; however, although it was rough, it was also the only “entrance” to the pond. The opening of that funnel-shaped object was facing the water channel, while its end was in the pond. The simple structure of the funnel-shaped object allowed fish to easily enter, but it would be difficult for it to leave due to the bamboo strips, which did not need to exert any force because of the water flowing against it. However, fish that were wider than 1 inch would not be able to pass through that funnel-shaped object and would be forced back into the pond again.

The funnel-shaped object was the key to this trap. In addition, Zhang Tie had built 8 dams with those larger pebbles at the area 20m from the pond, each of which was about 2-3m in height.

Naturally, the dams made of pebbles were not used to block water; they were used to form a natural waterfall to increase the amount of oxygen in the water. After such modification, the water flowing into the stream would definitely contain more oxygen after crashing down eight times. As fish needed oxygen, they would definitely swim upwards from the mouth of the stream and would ultimately fall into that pond. The pond plus that funnel-shaped bamboo formed a natural fish cage; any fish that entered could only stay inside and wait for his arrival.

This was a hunting skill that was imparted to him by Donder. Using this skill, with some modifications to the area and given the appropriate terrain and conditions, he would be able to force the fish to enter the trap on their own without having to use a fishing net or a fishing spear. Donder had once said that alcohol, sex, and money was to humans as oxygen was to fish. Those clever traps were based on the prey’s natural characteristics and preferences.

After taking a rest for a while under the tree and eating some dried rations for lunch, Zhang Tie found that the water had gradually become crystal clear. The flowing stream soon cleared the mud at the point of convergence, causing ripples. Before leaving, he cut off a verdant twig and used it to cover the pond. Afterwards, as he made his way to Wild Wolf Castle, taking advantage of the elasticity and weight of the twigs on the side of the road, Zhang Tie made another two traps which could be used on small animals. These were also traps that he had learnt about before.

He soon arrived at the Wild Wolf Castle, staring with wide open eyes at the sight of the boisterous scene in the castle square.



* * *





Chapter 73




The castle square was even more boisterous than the municipal square in Blackhot City. With just a slight glance, Zhang Tie knew that there were at least 800-900 people there. The male students were trading goods, mostly food, with the female students. Some of the male students exchanged the prey they had caught with the female students for various wild vegetables, while the other male students formed small groups with the female students in an attempt to get acquainted with each other. With a simple sweep of his glance, Zhang Tie was able to see dozens of horny male students proudly displaying their strong arms and patting their chests in front of the girls. In order to make their weak bicep muscles stand out, some of the seemingly weak guys had even turned red all over, causing the girls to giggle.

This was also the most attractive factor in the survival training—once both parties agree, the male students and the female students could form a group to complete the survival training together. As long as the female students return to the castle before 8:00 pm, nobody would interfere with their movements. After several years of compulsory education, which separated the male students from the female students, the sheer terror of talking to the opposite sex was finally conquered. Unless the female students were forced to do something against their will, they could do whatever they wanted. In the end, love was both a trivial matter and an important matter; it was trivial when it was private, but at the same time, it was also important because it is the foundation of the existence of the human race and was something which could not be easily controlled.

At the beginning, as female students had the initiative, the horny male students could only try their best to attract girls.

For the shy guys, they would get familiar with the girls through exchanging goods and food. For the shameless guys, they would rush towards girls and ask, “Beauties, how about joining us? We’re powerful. If you join us, we promise you will have meat to eat every day!” Most of the guys from this group would then suffer from glares filled with contempt. In contrast, the lucky and power guys who were more experienced with women would directly bring their hunted prey to the square and would loudly shout, inviting girls to eat supper with them. These guys would always easily succeed.

A few moments after Zhang Tie arrived at the square, Zhang Tie saw a group of horny students from the Second National Male Middle School carrying a dead boar. Soon after they shouted to invite girls to eat roasted boar in the valley tonight, two groups of girls joined. Feeling spirited, those horny students left together with the two groups of girls. Only at the sight of this scene did Zhang Tie understand why Barley had brought such a huge black pot. Needless to say, he was preparing to attract girls with it, as there was a clear difference between cooking food with a pot and without. Since they had to stay here for two months, no matter how powerful one was, even though one could capture prey every day, one would not be able to find a girl who liked to continuously eat roasted meat for two months…

Zhang Tie seemed to see the cunning smile on Fatty’s face!

Besides mutual recognition, they could also show off their strength and special abilities in the square. Seeing some of the goods traded by the students, Zhang Tie was amazed. It was only the third day of the survival training, yet someone had already made some practical goods, like bamboo woven mattresses, medicinal herb cages, pillows, wooden stools, bowls, basins, and barrels. Practical application was truly the best way to test one’s talents. Those handmade goods reminded Zhang Tie of the pride of Seventh National Male Middle School, Li Shizhen—the talented Chinese student who was always average school but showed off his exceptionally high talents in medicine by continuously making several types of potent medicine in order to sell it. Immediately following the survival training, he became well known and obtained an opportunity to be recommended by the school. Thus, at this moment, for the students, this survival training was the most important opportunity for them to win a school recommendation.

If one had already advanced to become a power fighter, then they would use their strength to kill wild beasts and bring them back…

If one had the talent to become a medicinal master, they would create miraculous medicinal pills and medication…

If one had a pair of delicate hands and special techniques, they would create something special and show them off…

Of course, if one was a good-for-nothing and didn’t even have the confidence to gather food in the wild, then they could only dig in the mines and do laborious work. If one suffered from labor work, then they wouldn’t have to starve to death during the survival training. People who were able to withstand the suffering and do labor work were always needed in human society, as not everyone could be surrounded by glory and fresh flowers.

Standing before the outer castle, a few guys were reading the notice on the door. Seeing the missions on the notice, some shook their heads and left, while others looked happy and intended to give it a try…

Zhang Tie easily pushed his way through the crowd. Raising his head, he looked at the notice that had just been released.

The first mission: Wild Wolf Castle was preparing to create coal, which burns through a large amount of wood in a short period of time. The people with strength but have yet to acquire prey can go get an axe and chop some wood. In exchange for the firewood, one can acquire food. For those who have confidence in their ability to make charcoal, they are free to apply to join this team. Since making charcoal was something that had been taught at school, many students would be able to survive in this manner; however, neither of the two jobs were something to be proud of. Those two jobs would only allow them to survive, temporarily avoiding death by starvation.

The second mission: Charcoal was naturally used to smelt iron, and an iron smelting workshop was opened together with the charcoal kiln in Wild Wolf Castle. Besides needing charcoal, they also needed iron ores and people who were confident in their abilities of smelting iron and striking iron. Although they were also skills, iron smelting and iron striking were much more advanced than making charcoal and digging in the mines. Anyone who was able to smelt and strike iron could directly show off without restraint.

The third mission: A lot of people are needed to create lime in the lime kiln. As lime was needed to taw numerous hides later, it was a necessity.

As for the remaining missions, Zhang Tie didn’t feel like reading them anymore…

After scanning the notice, Zhang Tie directly entered Wild Wolf Castle. Entering the gate of the castle, he took a right took and walked for more than 30m. There, he saw a small room in the small square in between the inner castle and the outer castle; it was labeled as “Comprehensive Logistics Management”. In front of the door was a desk which was occupied by two girls, who were chatting like a pair of birds, sitting behind it. It was only when Zhang Tie had moved closer to them that they raised their head and glanced over Zhang Tie. At the age of 15, Zhang Tie looked average and was neither tall nor short. His appearance was not particularly pleasing to the eye, but at the very least, he wasn’t irritating to look at. After glancing over Zhang Tie, the girls were not interested. With an official sounding tone, one of the two asked Zhang Tie, “Can I help you?”

“I’m here to get a shovel and a basket!” Zhang Tie calmly answered.

“You want to dig in the mines?” Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, the two girls were startled. They once again glanced over Zhang Tie. The strange look in their eyes had hinted to Zhang Tie that there was some sort of problem.

“Yes. Although I have not done it before, I find it to be quite interesting, so I want to take this opportunity to experience it…” Zhang Tie replied with a smile without feeling the least bit of embarrassment. Seeing Zhang Tie’s smile, the strange look in the eyes of the two girls lessened as they looked at each other with a look that seemed to say that male students really do like to do strange things.

“Fine. Fellow classmate, please show me your student number plate, so I can help you register…”

After undoing the metal student number plate hanging from his neck, Zhang Tie handed it to her. Each student was given a student number plate when they entered school. It was akin to the identification card used by the students in Blackhot City, but these would not be used during normal times; it was only during the survival training that the schools required the students to bring with them their student number plates. There was a saying among those horny students: the student number plate was used to identify the corpse of any student that had died so miserably that they couldn’t even identify the face.

After registering the number from his student number plate, that girl gave it back to Zhang Tie. “I need to warn you that you should not damage the shovel or the basket. If you damage them, you will be asked to pay for them at their original prices. From now on, you are expected to hand in at least 100 kg of iron ores a day. You can exchange them for food; the more ores you hand in, the more food you will get. If you are not able to hand in the minimum amount of ores for three consecutive days, then you will lose your qualification to be a miner. At that point, you will be asked to hand back the shovel and the basket.”

“Fine. Is there anything else I need to remember?”

“Do you know where the abandoned mines are in Wild Wolf Valley?”

“Yes, I know. The closest one is less than 200m below the castle!”

“That’s fine. If you don’t know how to identify iron ore, you can go to the iron smelting workshop to learn about it. They have many samples over there!” As she said this, the girl pointed at a direction in the small square of the outer castle.

“Fine!”

Submitting 100 kg of iron ore each day was a pretty low requirement. This made Zhang Tie feel reassured that he would have enough time to do what he wanted. It seemed that only a few people wanted to take this job since it was too easy. Most people felt that it was too shameful to do this job since it was prepared for those who were on the brink of starving to death.

After telling him about these matters, the girl turned around and entered the warehouse beside her. Less than half a minute later, she returned and brought out a steel shovel as well as a basket. It seemed as if someone had cleaned the two items in the past couple of days; despite not having been used for the past year, it was not dirty at all. Throwing the shovel into the basket, Zhang Tie carried the basket that was higher than a child. Waving his hand to the two girls as he bade them farewell, Zhang Tie awkwardly walked out of Wild Wolf Castle with his spear in hand

As expected, his equipment caused everyone on the road to glare at him.

The moment he moved past the gates of the castle, Zhang Tie heard a weird voice full of cynicism. “Wow, who’s that fish? Isn’t that the brave guy from our school?”

Turning his head, Zhang Tie saw Glaze’s group casting a glare full of contempt at him. As the old saying goes—one can not avoid one’s enemy…



* * *





Chapter 74




Although Zhang Tie was pretty eye-catching, Glaze’s group of four was also pretty eye-catching; however, they attracted attention for different reasons. One party was a new, miserable miner, while the other party were warriors who had returned with many felled preys. Sharon carried three wolf hides, Garner and Zuhair carried a sheep that weighed more than 40 kg, and Glaze simply crossed his arms, giving off an arrogant feeling.

“How could you be so miserable? You already want to be a miner on the third day? Do you want me to share some meat with you? No matter what, we are still schoolmates. We have thrown so many away. If we had known that you were so miserable, we would have left the wolf meat for you!” Sharon said as he lifted the wolf hides.

“Oh, I almost forgot. We will be eating sheep meat tonight. If you kneel down in front of Boss Glaze, we might give you some of the soup…” Zuhair sneered by the side.

Seeing this group of idiots, Zhang Tie became speechless. Were their brains stuck in sh*t? They only had a LV 2 fighter and three followers, yet they still dared to be arrogant in front of me? Ever since he had killed Snade and Huck, unbeknownst to himself, Zhang Tie had become entirely different than before. He was becoming more and more powerful, both mentally and physically. Before he had even consumed the first Leakless Fruit, he already dared to fight against several people at once, let alone now.

“Do you want to be beaten up again?” The instant Zhang Tie shouted that out, the arrogant smirks on the four froze. Zhang Tie’s words were like a sharp dagger, directly reopening their scars.

“**…” Sharon’s face twisted. Right as he was about to charge forward, the spear in Zhang Tie’s hand was a step faster, arriving right in front of his throat in an instant. With the spear in front of Sharon’s jaw, the icy spearhead forced Sharlon to swallow his words. Sharon instantly turned pale as he became drenched in sweat and stood still as if he was fixed in place, daring not to make even the slightest movement.

Nobody from Glaze’s group would have imagined that Zhang Tie could move so fast. Just now, Zhang Tie was just standing with the spear in hand; however, in the blink of an eye, much like a magic trick, the spear that had been in Zhang Tie’s hand slid forward, stopped, and was raised. Those three motions were done fluidly like water. Before they had even been able to respond, Zhang Tie’s spear had already appeared before Sharon’s chin. Zhang Tie’s actions were was too fast—it was fast, fierce, and accurate! In an instant, he had frightened all four of them. The moment Zhang Tie shot out his spear, a cold and fierce aura surged around him, and even the other three could feel it. At that moment, they felt as if the aura of the spear had completely pierced through Sharon’s neck, causing them to feel a chill on their backs. “How is this guy so vicious? We didn’t notice this back at school!”

The other three immediately turned pale. Just as Glaze was about to pull out the weapon on his waist, Zhang Tie’s spear, once again, retracted all of a sudden as if nothing had happened. Zhang Tie, like before, once again went on his way, rudely colliding into Sharon as he pushed him away and left with big strides.

Seven or eight steps away, while Zhang Tie was recalling the casual feeling he had when he shot out his spear, he heard the quick steps of Glaze’s group chasing behind him. His auditory sense had become greatly sensitive since his spiritual energy suddenly surged. Zhang Tie cursed inside and was determined to give them a lesson. He had once been told by Donder that for these kinds of bastards, you must beat them up fiercely when you have the opportunity!

“Bastards…” Zhang Tie turned around as he gave a thunder-like roar. His roar had frightened Glaze’s group, who were about to catch up to him. Even the attention of the many people in the square had been attracted at this moment, causing them to turn to their direction. In a split second, everybody in the square, including both the male students and the female students, all turned and stared at them, resulting in the entire square becoming quiet. Earlier when Glaze’s group had blocked Zhang Tie at the gate of the castle, they had already attracted some people’s attention; however, now, because of Zhang Tie’s voice, everyone’s attention was attracted.

“Do not follow me anymore, and stay away from me. I like women, not men! Even if you take off your trousers and kneel in front of me, I will still not be interested in your disgusting butts. I’ll say it again, I like women…” Continuing, Zhang Tie exclaimed furiously, “In order to get rid of you, instead of hunting, I have decided to be a miner. Yet, you guys are still trying to give me trouble? You guys want to use that stinky bit of meat in your hands to lure me? I will tell you again—I am a man and I like women! I am not interested in your filthy game where you pretend to be men in public but become eunuchs in private. Stay away from me with that wolf hide that you use in your filthy game. If you keep following me shamelessly, don’t blame me for using my spear to destroy your anus, letting your wish be fulfilled!”

Zhang Tie’s words were fast and sharp, but the information it contained was too great, too terrifying, and too scandalous! After several seconds, the silent square suddenly burst into an uproar. Hundreds of people, regardless of whether they were male or female, released their gossipy souls and immediately surrounded them as they began to stare at Zhang Tie, then the faces of Glaze’s group, then the sheep carried by Garner and Zuhair, and finally the wolf hide used in their filthy game that was carried by Sharon. It was obvious that these four guys were chasing after the guy who was about to go to the mines. Looking at the wolf hides, some guys in the crowd had even thought of something and started to vomit as they bent over.

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, Glaze’s group felt blood rushing to their heads. They were at a loss for words…

“You… you… bastard! Don’t talk nonsense!” Zuhair furiously pointed at Zhang Tie. Under the weird look in the eyes of the people around them, Zuhair became upset and could only weakly refute.

At the same time, the crowd started to murmur to each other.

“Yes, I am a bastard. If you don’t follow me anymore, then you can call me whatever you want…” Zhang Tie heaved a deep sigh towards the sky. “You just can’t force me to do that. Zuhair, I like women…” Zhang Tie pointed at the female students surrounding them. “I like to be surrounded by women that are like water fairies with big breasts and plump butts. Ah, they are my babies. What I desire the most is for innocent love between my favorite girl and me. If you promise to me in the public that you will no longer follow me, then I will definitely explain to everyone that what I had just said was nonsense. Then, you can just go and continue doing whatever you want on the wolf hide…”

From his surroundings came another sound of vomiting. The gaze of many fell onto the wolf hide held by Sharon. In a split second, instead of wolf hides, Sharon felt like as if he was holding a hot sheet of iron. Especially when he saw the frightened look in the eyes of the girls that surrounded them as they covered their mouths in horror, Sharon trembled all over. It’s all over! We can’t even dream of having beauties anymore!

“You disgusting bastards! He has already been driven to the point of mining by you! Why are you still here? Piss off right now! Don’t dirty Wild Wolf Castle…” someone in the crowd started to curse at them loudly. Afterwards, Glaze’s group was immediately buried by curses.

“Yea, they are too shameless! How could they be this shameless!?”

“You didn’t know? Some male students in their youth would be very depressed. If they are poorly self-disciplined, they might even do something strange!”

“That’s too disgusting… Once I see those wolf hides, I can’t help but want to vomit!”

“I have both heard and seen what happened. Just then, when this student was getting ready to mine and leave the castle, right when he left the gate, these students, who were in ambush, had blocked him. They had even tried to make him succumb to them by using the meat, but the student who was preparing to go mining just ignored them. After pushing away that guy with wolf hide in his hand, he wanted to leave. Unexpectedly, they caught up with him...” another voice rose up from among the crowd, explaining what had happened just now.

“I can also testify! These four bastards are from our Seventh National Male Middle School! Everybody in Seventh National Male Middle School could tell you that after these guys’ bodies started to develop, they formed a small group that did not get along with the others. Every noon, they would go for lunch together, never leaving a single one behind. Normal male students would never do that. In the past, I had always been curious about this, but now I finally understand…” The explanation was so timely that Zhang Tie couldn’t help but raise his thumb in his mind. This guy was truly good at using words, especially when he said “bodies developed”, “together”, and “a small group that did not get along with the others”. Those words were truly great—too realistic and really lets people’s imagination go wild!

“Right, right, right. It was just like that. I am also from Seventh National Male Middle School. I can also testify…”

All the surrounding horny students from Seventh National Male Middle School became spirited. They started to attack Glaze’s group like beating mice in the street, wanting to completely destroy the reputation of Glaze’s group.

It was too despicable, too shameless, too disgusting! This was the largest scandal of this year’s survival training. Among the crowd, some of the guys who had exchanged their meat for wild vegetables and fruits from the girls couldn’t help but throw the wild vegetables and fruits at the heads of the members of Glaze’s group…

“Piss off!”

……

“Piss off!”

……

“Piss off!”

There were all sorts of curses thrown towards Glaze’s group. Everybody, including both males and females, was glaring at them, and a look of disgust could be seen in their eyes.

Even now, Glaze was still confused about how he had been humiliated so miserably in such a short period of time. Earlier, he was planning to show off in the castle square in order to attract some female students; however, he had unexpectedly met Zhang Tie, so he wanted to give him a lesson by humiliating him horribly. After being hit by two wild fruits on his head and seeing the resentful and regretful look on Zhang Tie, Glaze was completely infuriated and felt the blood all over his body rushing to his head and boiling like magma.

With the sound of “Xing”, Glaze pulled out the sword from the sheath hanging on his waist, immediately silencing the curses from the people around him. Seeing his actions, everyone in the audience took two steps back.

Seeing Glaze’s response, Zuhair’s face became twisted. He wanted to stop Glaze, but he was too late. With eyes turning red, Glaze gazed at Zhang Tie and chopped towards Zhang Tie as he howled, “I’ll kill you!”

Seeing Glaze’s actions, the surrounding female students were shocked and screamed out loudly…

Holding his spear tightly, Zhang Tie took a defensive posture; however, Zhang Tie was not nervous in the least, as he had noticed a certain figure in the crowd just now.

Although Glaze moved fast, that figure moved faster. The instant Glaze charged at Zhang Tie, he had already been forced back and was sent flying backwards faster than when he had just charged, crashing onto the ground with a loud “Bang!””. Glaze felt dazed. Before he was able to pick himself up from the ground, he heard an icy voice.

“According to Andaman Alliance’s wartime decree, anyone who dares to pull out their sword and attack another student in public can, at worst, be punished with the death penalty…” the figure standing in the ring of students said coldly, causing Glaze’s group to immediately turn pale.

“Teacher…” Zuhair wanted to explain, but the figure casually raised her hand as she harrumphed, “Shut up!” Hearing the teacher’s order, Zuhair became silent. “Considering that this is your first time making such a mistake, you have not harmed anyone yet, and it was not easy for you to become a LV 2 fighter before the survival training, I will simply give you the punishment of having to stay 10 km away from Wild Wolf Castle for one month. Now, before I change my mind, take your things and immediately get out of here!”

After saying that, the figure flicked her hand, throwing Glaze’s sword, which she had just grabbed, back into the sheath hanging on Glaze’s waist.

Seeing that sword flying towards him, Glaze’s heart almost stopped. At that moment, the only thing that Glaze could imagine was the scene of the colorful leopard that had been nailed into the ground by Captain Kerlin’s spear. It was only when the sword had entered his sheath did his heart began to beat again. His back had already been drenched with cold sweat. Having realized that what he had done was truly reckless, Glaze did not dare to say anything and only gave Zhang Tie a vicious glare. Saying nothing at all, Glaze left the square of Wild Wolf Castle with his followers under the weird stares and jeers of the audience.

Zhang Tie realized that, after this incident, he and Glaze could be considered as eternal enemies; however, he wasn’t afraid, the god of time was standing on his side …

Some of the female students in the crowd started to show their courtesy to that figure who had helped Zhang Tie.

“Miss Qili…”

The audience also started to leave. Zhang Tie also wanted to slip away at this moment; however, unfortunately for him, the basket on his back was truly too conspicuous. The moment he moved, he was noticed by others.

“As for you…” Hearing her words, Zhang Tie immediately became still. Turning around, he forced an innocent smile, but unfortunately, Zhang Tie didn’t receive a warm response; instead, slight traces of disgust could be seen in the eyes of Miss Qili. It was as if that woman was staring at a toad who was drooling uncontrollably. “You are also a shameless rascal. You are not a good student either. In the following period of the survival training, if you dare to stay alone with any female student for over three minutes, I will chop off your hands!”

Hearing such a punishment, Zhang Tie became shocked. He could not believe that the boring woman called Qili would force him to be a bachelor in the survival training. What an abnormal punishment! Sh*t…

……

Seeing as the crowd had left, Zhang Tie, who was just given a punishment, had also intended to leave the square as he gloomily lowered his head. From this incident, Zhang Tie also suffered a great loss. He didn’t know whether he should cry or laugh.

While walking, Zhang Tie’s head suddenly collided with something soft and springy. Raising his head, Zhang Tie saw a beautiful girl who was covering her magnificent breasts with her hands. The instant Zhang Tie saw that pair of breasts, Zhang Tie sighed inside, “Wow, they are so big!”

At that moment, the girl’s face was as red as her hair. A familiar, beautiful face with willow leaf-like eyebrows looked at him.

Before Zhang Tie was able to apologize, the girl had already opened her mouth.

“I have plump breasts and butts, so what? Who’s your baby? I know you bastards have long dreamt of sleeping with me. You didn’t forget me at all and always have me in your mind. These past couple of days, you must have thought about doing terrifying and disgusting things to me numerous times. I’m warning you! Do not those disgusting things to me in your mind anymore. Don’t think about me in your mind! You rascal, you deserve to be f*cked by those perverts!” The girl kept talking as if she was shooting bullets from a machine gun that was used before the Catastrophe. After she finished speaking, she kicked Zhang Tie’s leg with her pointy deerskin boots and ran away.

“Was she talking to me? She wasn’t talking to me, right?”

Zhang Tie became speechless for quite a while. He then looked to his right, his left, and behind him, finding nobody else. Finally, thinking about that girl's unreasonable kick, Zhang Tie felt a sharp pain on his shin and started to shriek miserably. Hugging his leg, he jumped up from the ground.



* * *





Chapter 75




“What a bad woman! What a crazy and lecherous woman! Who the f*ck knows you? Who the f*ck is thinking about you? You’d better stay out of my sight. If I see you again, I’ll tie you up and hmph… hmph...…”

Continuing on his way, he walked like a cripple as he used his spear as a crutch. Every time he thought back to how that woman had cursed him and kicked his shin, he would curse her. Like the male students from the national male middle schools, the female students from the national female middle schools were taught some fighting skills, and thus they were not as weak as normal women; in contrast, they were much more aggressive. Needless to say, those skills were targeted at men. At the very least, from that kick to his shin alone, Zhang Tie already felt that that red-haired woman with plump breasts had very powerful and fast kicks. Given that she had also targeted a cunning and accurate spot to attack, it seemed that she had always been practicing this skill.

“First, I framed Glaze’s group, then following that I was framed by another person. Is this karma? Will those framing others always be framed?” Zhang Tie started to feel frightened and awe-stricken. In the past, Zhang Tie could almost be considered an atheist, as he held no beliefs; however, ever since he obtained the Castle of Black Iron, his atheist view had gradually begun to collapse. In Zhang Tie’s opinion, both the Manjusaka fruit tree and the space in the Castle of Black Iron had already surpassed the limits that human beings could reach. Besides God, Zhang Tie could not think of another being that could create such things. But, what was a god? Was there truly a god out there that controlled everything, one who spins the wheel of fate?

Zhang Tie would never have imagined that the resentment between him and Glaze’s group would reach such a stage. Honestly, when Zhang Tie turned around earlier and cursed at Glaze’s group, he was only planning to make a joke, intending to turn them into laughingstocks, but they had instead been dealt a harsh punishment. Zhang Tie finally realized what Donder’s words meant. “A soft tongue can break hard bones”—language was an invisible, sharp blade that could kill people.

After leaving Wild Wolf Castle, Zhang Tie went around the iron mine near the Wild Wolf Castle. Even though it was daytime, he was still not able to see anything a dozen meters ahead of him after entering the cave. As he had no other choice, Zhang Tie turned back, realizing that he needed a torch to mine within.

After having been ferociously kicked by that damned woman, Zhang Tie’s shin became swollen, thus he couldn’t freely move. As he didn’t have any lighting tools, Zhang Tie decided to turn back. Walking around the pine trees in Wild Wolf Valley, Zhang Tie was hoping to find wood that could be used as a torch and pine resin. As he knew it might be dangerous in the forest, Zhang Tie didn’t dare to venture too deep alone.

The wood that could be ignited easily were the ones by the trunk that had been soaked in a great amount of pine resin that was secreted from the trees. Compared to the other parts of the pine tree, the wood of the trunk was much easier to burn. Once it had been chopped off the tree, one could, without even drying it, ignite the wood. The wood could burn for a long time because the fire would not be able to be easily extinguished. Having been immersed in pine resin, they were the best natural torch in the wild.

As there were many wild pine trees in Wild Wolf Valley, one would be able to see many pine trees with diameters greater than 3 m everywhere. Arriving at the forest of pine trees, Zhang Tie saw many people, both male and female, at the edge of the forest. There were many treasures in the forest of pine trees. For example, pine resin had multiple purposes, pine cones could be consumed, and there were even many delicious foods, like wild vegetables and mushrooms that grew quickly during the rainy season between May and August, that could be found on the ground beside the rotting pine needles. Pine needles were even edible if they were fresh and had been placed in boiling water for a while. Even the wood from the pine trees of Wild Wolf Valley could meet many of the people’s basic needs.

While the female students collected pine resin, pine cones, wild vegetables, and mushrooms in the forest, the male students were doing laborious work. Especially when noticed by the girls, they would work even harder as they madly chopped the pine trees, as the wood from the trees were great firewood for making coal.

“Brother, can you do me a favor?”

Catching sight of Zhang Tie wandering the forest with an eye-catching basket on his back, a male student who was chopping wood stopped him.

“What can I do for you?” Zhang Tie moved over in a manner akin to a cripple.

“Brother, are you here to look for a torch to bring with you to the mines?”

Zhang Tie was amazed at that guy’s good observation skills as he nodded.

“That’s great. This pine tree should have a lot of wood that could be easily ignited. Help me out and we’ll chop this tree together, then we can cut it into three sections. You can take all the easily ignited wood, the pine resin, and half the pine cones. How about it?”

Glancing over at the pine tree that was as broad as a person’s waist, Zhang Tie saw the flowing pine resin and the many places on the body of the tree covered with a thick layer of pine resin. He estimated that the amount of wood that could be used as firewood inside was not little. Even if he couldn’t find any firewood, Zhang Tie would still be able to make a few torches since there was so much pine resin on it.

“Fine!” Zhang Tie immediately put down his basket and took turns with the other male student to chop down the tree. After chopping the tree for a while, Wood directly passed his axe to Zhang Tie, letting him continue with his axe, and threw himself to the ground, resting to the side as he idly chatted with Zhang Tie.

“I’m Wood, what’s your name?”

“I’m Zhang Tie. Are you from the Second National Male Middle School?”

“Yea. What’s wrong with your leg?”

“I was kicked by a mad woman!” Zhang Tie gloomily answered as he continued to brandish his axe.

“Haha, brother, you can’t use force against women. My mom once told me that men need to pretend to be gentlemen in front of women. Even though you can’t wait and want to throw them onto the bed, you definitely can’t show it; instead, you must coax them. When you want to sleep with them, you have to ask whether they’d like to take a rest…” Wood laughed out loudly as he pointed at Zhang Tie’s basket. “Also, if you want to attract women, you shouldn’t be mining. No woman wants their man to be a miner!”

“This guy is really interesting,” Zhang Tie said inside; however, he immediately retorted, “Does that mean they prefer their husband to be a charcoal maker?”

“It was my fiance who told me to make coal here. She didn’t want me to attract too much attention and wanted me to pay attention to my own safety. Thinking over it, making charcoal was the best option…” Wood replied proudly.

“You already have a wife?” Zhang Tie stared at Wood in amazement.

“Of course, we grew up together in a courtyard since we were young. Two years ago, when we played outside, I asked whether she would take a rest, then I made her my wife. She’s in another school. After this survival training, we will be engaged! Brother, you need to learn from me on this aspect…”

Wood’s words struck Zhang Tie once again. Zhang Tie realized that his relationship with the female students has been poor recently. Ever since he left school, he could not see Miss Daina anymore. When he was going to sleep with Miss Anna, he found out he needed to be circumcised. On the third day since the start of the survival training, he was forbidden by that damned Qili to stay with girls for more than three minutes. Afterwards, he was even fiercely kicked by an insane girl. Damn it! Being compared to Wood, he was really envious. That foolish looking guy had already gotten to enjoy the taste of a woman at least two years ago; in contrast, he had not even touched a girl’s hand.

Feeling as if he had taken a blow, Zhang Tie became speechless. He just lowered his head and kept brandishing the axe, seriously treating the pine tree as an enemy. Zhang Tie’s good strength really startled Wood. Finally, under Zhang Tie’s persistent efforts during the past ten more minutes of brandishing the axe at a high frequency, the pine tree slowly inclined as it fell to the ground accompanied by the sounds of cracking.

The falling of the pine tree attracted the attention of the three nearby girls who were carrying baskets, causing them to come over. Among the three that came over, one was a blonde beauty, while the other two were more beautiful than the average girl; they were all beautiful girls who were pleasing to the eye.

“Hello, can you gift us with the pine cones from the tree?” The girl speaking was definitely a beauty; she had blonde hair and a slim frame, her face was a snow-white that was akin to milk, her voice was as fair sounding as that of a yellow warbler[1], her smile was as warm as the sunshine, and her attitude was perfectly sincere.

At the sight of such a perfect beauty, Wood’s face blushed. He then raised his chest and said generously, “No problem! However, half of pine cones on this tree belong to him. If you want the other half, you have to gain his approval!” Saying this, Wood pointed to his side at Zhang Tie, who was panting as he held onto the handle of the axe.

The blonde-haired beauty kept smiling as she moved her eyes onto Zhang Tie. Zhang Tie, who was extremely dejected at that moment, glanced at her. Recalling the abnormal punishment he had received, he finally lost his temper. “Beauty? To me, a beauty is as useful as a fart right now. I can’t eat nor can I touch them. They might even lose their temper and kick me!” Zhang Tie thought inside.

Zhang Tie then immediately refuted her, “No way, I will take away all of my pine cones. I won’t give you even one!”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, the sunshine-like smile on that blonde-haired beauty immediately froze. Her face then became cold as if it were covered in frost, and the other girls beside her stared at Zhang Tie with mouths agape. Such a rude guy! Such a rough guy! This was their first time encountering such a person. Even Wood was staring at Zhang Tie in amazement. He started to doubt whether Zhang Tie had felt stimulation before. Afterwards, without caring about the people staring at him, Zhang Tie directly lowered his mining basket and ran over to pick up the pine cones.

Seeing Zhang Tie’s movements, the other girls looked at each other before they also ran over to pick pine cones as fast as possible…

[1] Type of bird.



* * *





Chapter 76




Zhang Tie’s actions were fast and had enough strength. He was also the first to act. In contrast, the three girls were weaker and were slower to act. As the difficulty of picking pine cones was higher than peaches, they were on even grounds. There were at least 70-80 pine cones on the tree. Not intending to show even the slightest bit of courtesy, Zhang Tie’s two hands, which were as nimble as a monkey’s, grabbed the bigger ones. Seeing Zhang Tie’s attitude, the girls, one by one, began to grit their teeth. Although the pine cones they got were smaller, what irritated them more was this annoying guy, who ignored their charm, as he grabbed the pine cones in front of them, treating it as a big deal.

Seeing the two parties moving faster and faster and becoming increasingly more ferocious, Wood, who stood to the side, touched his head and became really speechless. It seems that he finally knew why Zhang Tie had been kicked by that girl. He was not like a gentleman in the least when in front of girls—he completely deserved it!

After a short while, under their collective efforts, all the pine cones on the tree, with the exception of the last, medium-sized pine cone that hung on a twig, were picked off. At the same time, Zhang Tie and that blonde-haired girl both stretched out their hand, intending to grab it. The instant the girl’s finger touched the pine cone, it suddenly disappeared right in front of her eyes; Zhang Tie had directly broken the twig, snatching the pine cone away.

Watching Zhang Tie slowly remove the twig from the pine cone and casually throwing it into the ugly mining basket on his back, all three girls stood up and glared at the ruthless guy, Zhang Tie, who lacked any traces of being a gentleman.

“What’s your name?” The blonde-haired beauty glared at Zhang Tie. “If you offend us, you will be the enemy of us, the Rose Association!”

“I’m Zhang Tie...” Seeing the angered look on the three girls, not knowing why, Zhang Tie felt the discomfort in his heart disappear and arrived a certain conclusion—if one was not feeling well, one could transfer their discomfort onto others, and thus immediately allowing the self to feel better.

“Good, I’ve remembered you!” After she finished speaking, the blonde-haired girl wanted to leave.

“You better not miss me...” Noticing that they were leaving, Zhang Tie hurriedly shouted.

“Hmph… Hmph…” A girl with freckles on her face raised her chin and gave a proud smile. “You rude guy, it’s already too late for you to apologize to us. We from the Rose association are not that easily bullied!”

“No, I think you misunderstood. My meaning was you better not miss me, and especially do not dream of doing those disgusting and terrifying things to me in your dreams when you miss me!”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, the girls gaped as their faces turned pale. After glaring at Zhang Tie and calling him a bastard, they turned around and immediately left...

Zhang Tie realized that his heart finally felt refreshed. This depression transfer method was really useful.

At this time, Wood, who was standing by the side, raised his thumb towards Zhang Tie. “Brother, I think I understand now…”

“What have you understood?” Zhang Tie curiously asked.

“My mom had told me that what men were afraid of the most was being unable to leave an impression in the mind of the woman they liked. For a man to succeed, if they could not cause the woman to fall in love with them at first sight, then the best alternative was to make that woman hate them during the first encounter. A woman’s heart is very miraculous. Even though they might hate you at first, they might very well fall in love with you later. Weren’t you using this method?” Seeing Zhang Tie’s shocked expression, before Zhang Tie was even able to open his mouth, Wood hurriedly stopped him and patted his shoulder. “No need to deny it. We are both men. I understand!”

……

Afterwards, working together with Wood for another two hours, they were finally able to divide the pine tree into three sections. Zhang Tie obtained more than 250g of pine resin and more than 10 kg of firewood, which were enough to make five or six torches. Zhang Tie put them into his awkward mining basket and left the forest of pine trees.

……

While Zhang Tie was busy chopping the pine tree, Glaze’ group had stealthily slid back to their base. Since Glaze felt that he was stronger than the others and wanted to show off, the four of them had set base at a location that was 10 km away from Wild Wolf Castle. The four had set base in a natural mountain cave on a cliff that was 6 m above the ground. In order to enter the cave, they would have to climb down a vine of the tree above the cliff. Although it was far from Wild Wolf Castle, they would not be threatened by common beasts here. This could be considered a decent location.

The atmosphere in the mountain cave was depressing. It was dead silent. This time, Glaze did not lose his temper nor did he shout loudly; instead, he calmed down expressionlessly. However, the more silent Glaze was, the more the other three felt uneasy.

After being silent for a long time, Glaze finally opened his mouth, “Zuhair, if I stealthily enter Zhang Tie’s base and chop off his head, do you think there’ll be a problem?”

Hearing Glaze’s question, the other three quivered at the same time as they felt a terrifying and cruel air from Glaze’s calm tone.

“Since the conflict between him and us have been made public today, everyone knows that you want to kill him. So, if you kill him during the survival training, you would be the first to be suspected and would definitely be investigated by the Temporary Inspection Committee. The four leading teachers in the Temporary Inspection Committee are all great and fierce. I also don’t know what means they would use to investigate you. If you go kill him, it would be difficult to ensure that you haven’t left any evidence!” Zuhair forcefully swallowed his saliva and glanced at Glaze as he chose his words carefully. “Today’s conflict was completely out of our expectation. If things went according to our original plan this afternoon, then he would be suffering for the next couple of days. We only need to slightly adjust our original plan, and we would be able to kill him. These past few days, we have already found a wolf den. Luckily, Zhang Tie chose to be a miner alone. Not only is Zhang Tie looking for his own death, but the Gods have even gifted us such an opportunity. He’s definitely dead this time. For the next couple of days, I will stealthily follow him and grasp his habits. Afterwards, we can carry out our plans against him!”

“That Burwick should also die. Anyone who blocks my path ahead should die!” Glaze ferociously said.

“That Burwick is more cunning than Zhang Tie. Ever since we arrived at Wild Wolf Valley, he has already made precautions against our revenge. Right now, he has a certain degree of influence and has more than 200 people on his side. These past few days, they have been practicing how to hunt prey. At any time and any place, there would be a large number of people around him, making it hard for us to find an opportunity to kill him. If we really want to deal with him, we will have to think of another way. According to the usual arrangement of survival training in the past years, there would be a competition between students from different schools. If Burwick wants to stand out in the final competition, he has to get a good rank. When the time comes, you just need to find an opportunity to pretend to make a mistake and heavily wound or kill him, but...” Zuhair stopped talking...

“But what?”

“Burwick is already a LV 1 fighter, and he’s not much weaker than you. He is also cunning and good at hiding his real strength. If you fight him in the ring, he might find a way to escape.”

“Not much weaker than me?” The corner of Glaze’s mouth raised into a cold smile. Glancing over the three in the cave, Glaze asked, “Do you think only others will improve or hide their strength, and I will stay a LV 2 fighter forever?”

“Glaze, you...” Sharon showed a face of surprise...

“At most, it will take me two weeks to ignite the second burning point on my spine. Once I do that, I will become a LV 3 fighter...” Glaze’s eyes seemed to shine with ghost fire. “In the final competition, I will definitely find an opportunity to kill Burwick. The moment I start to control my own fate, you will also start to control your own fates with my favor...”

They no longer talked about Zhang Tie. Previously, when Zhang Tie went against them at school, Zuhair had already thought up of a fierce plan to take revenge on Zhang Tie during the survival training. After today’s incident, they were more determined to take revenge on Zhang Tie. A few of them didn’t even think Zhang Tie would be able to defend against their revenge. In their eyes, Zhang Tie was just a rude and brainless, trivial figure who dared to go against them and sought his own death, while Burwick was the one who could really threaten Glaze’s position at school. At school, there were even rumors that some teachers thought that Burwick was better than Glaze. Once Burwick found an opportunity to stand out in the survival training, he would be able to obtain a recommendation. Certainly, Glaze would not allow for such a thing to happen.

……

When Zhang Tie with his awkward mining basket finally returned to the trap that he had set in the hidden stream, it was already afternoon. The afterglow from the setting sun started to scatter off Wild Wolf Valley. Seeing that none of the traps he had set in the forest were able to catch prey, Zhang Tie was slightly disappointed.

On his way back, Zhang Tie had paid attention to whether he had been followed by the others or not. During this time, he pretended to be wandering about in the forest. Seeing that nobody was following him, he stealthily slid to that stream.

When he arrived at one side of the stream, Zhang Tie was still somewhat nervous. After all, this was his first attempt. He was not sure that he could capture fish.

After taking a deep breath, Zhang Tie moved away the twigs that sat above the pond. The scene in front of him immediately surprised him. There were eight fish joyfully swimming in the pond, five of which were grass carps. The other three were much longer than a chopstick, and each weighed at least 2 kg. On their jet black backs, one could see two pale golden lines. Seeing all of this, Zhang Tie became really excited...



* * *





Chapter 77




When Zhang Tie came back to the tree with the mining basket on his back, he found that Barley, Doug, Hista, Bagdad, and Sharwin had already returned. As Leit was on duty for the second half of the night, he was tired and was currently resting under the tree.

Once Zhang Tie saw the listless faces of Doug and Sharwin, he realized that the five must have obtained nothing at all. For several green birds who lacked experience, catching prey for the first time was pretty unlikely.

Sitting under that Dragon-Claw Tree, they turned around and saw Zhang Tie’s ugly mining basket.

“You’re really going to be a miner?” Barley asked.

“Of course, look at my equipment. Oh, I encountered Glaze’s group near Wild Wolf Castle today!” Zhang Tie said.

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, the rest became nervous.

“Did they give you trouble?” Leit asked.

“They dare to push around our brother? Let’s go and find them to settle the score right now!” Doug directly picked himself up from the ground, intending to go get his weapon.

Zhang Tie hurriedly pressed down on Doug’s shoulder. “They didn’t bully me. Actually, it was me who bullied them a bit!”

“You bullied them!?” Barley cried out. “Did you wound them?”

“No!”

“Then what happened?”

At their request, Zhang Tie told them what had happened between him and Glaze’s group in the square. Hearing that Glaze’s group were chased out of the square as people threw wild vegetables and fruits at them, all the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood laughed out loudly as they rolled here and there on the ground.

Hista had even laughed so hard he began to tear up. “Haha! That’s too marvelous, truly too marvelous! I really want to see their expressions at that moment!”

“For several men to use wolf hides to make love, that’s too disgusting, too dirty! But, I like it. Hahaha...” Bagdad slapped his thigh.

“Bighead, I really haven’t seen though you. Usually, you look very innocent. I would never have imagined that you would do something like this. This move of yours is truly vicious! I’m afraid Glaze’s group wouldn’t be able to find any girls who would be willing to partner with them for this survival training. Haha! I’ve decided. In the future, if I get into a similar incident, I will use the same trick to deal with those annoying guys! This trick is cooler than slapping their face, and also lets me vent a little!” Hista obscenely smiled, causing both his eyes and his mouth to turn into arcs.

The group of brothers laughed for a long time before they, one by one, stopped smiling and got down to business.

“Take care of yourself. After this incident, I’m afraid Glaze’s group might take revenge on you more fiercely!” Seeing Zhang Tie, Barley seriously said. “Perhaps for you to be working in the mines over there is a good choice. The mines over there are not too far away from Wild Wolf Castle, and there are always people going and coming over there. Glaze’s group of four wouldn’t dare to recklessly look for you to give you trouble. However, whenever you are alone in the wild, they might try to plot against you. That Zuhair guy is definitely a poison snake who can come up with many vicious tricks!”

Zhang Tie casually shrugged his shoulders. “Forget them. Even if today’s incident didn’t happen, their group of four wouldn’t have let me off anyways. Let’s talk about something else. How were your harvests today?”

The ones who went hunting today all spread their hands with the palm side up. “Don’t mention it. We saw some preys, but before we even caught up to them, they had already escaped...” Sharwin helplessly said.

“And those wild wolves… They are too cunning. It won’t be easy at all for us to catch them. Trying to capture a boar, Bagdad almost fell into a ravine...”

“There were too many people hunting over there, so many of the prey were already scared away!”

“Bringing the “Iron Gate T21” over there is also a good option, but it’s too heavy. If we bring it with us, it’ll affect our movement. This weapon can only be used at a fixed location!”

“That’s right. Today, we met a guy who was very powerful and brought with him a bow. In just an afternoon, he was able to hunt two wild deer. From his looks, he shouldn’t be weaker than Glaze!”

Hearing their words, Zhang Tie could already imagine what they had experienced this afternoon. It was really miserable for them.

“Oh right, how was your harvest today?” Barley asked Zhang Tie as he stared at the mining basket with a slight frown. “Is there something inside?”

Hearing Barley’s words, Zhang Tie patted his head, realizing that he had forgotten that he had not yet put down his mining basket and took out the goods from within.

“I almost forgot. Tonight, I will invite all of you to drink fish soup!” Zhang Tie generously smiled...

Hearing the word “fish”, everybody’s eyes began to shine. Even in Blackhot City, fish was very expensive, and they could only eat it a couple of times a year, let alone here.

“Although you caught a fish, I’m afraid it might not be enough for the seven of us...” As he spoke to this point, his eyes almost popped out because Zhang Tie had put down the mining basket and removed everything inside, revealing three big fish wrapped in water weeds. Although more than twenty minutes had already passed since they were put in the mining basket, they were still alive. The moment they were placed on the ground, two of the fish were taking deep breaths as they flopped on the ground, while the other fish jumped once. Besides Barley, the other horny animals also stared with wide opened eyes, as they realized that the three fish together weighed at least 7-8 kg, which was enough for everyone to eat.

“Grab them. We’ll clean them in the stream over there. After we remove their scales and innards, we can boil them in the pot...” Zhang Tie hurriedly grabbed the most lively fish, while the other two fish were consecutively grabbed by the other two drooling, horny animals.

Barley had also grabbed one of the fish. When he saw the golden line on the back of the fish, he exclaimed, “No way! It’s a golden threadfin bream!”

“You know this fish? We can’t eat it?” Zhang Tie became worried. If these fish couldn’t be consumed by humans, he would be mocked and called a big head by the others.

“Haha! This is the best freshwater fish we can enjoy in Blackhot City. Brothers, we will have a luxurious supper tonight...” Barley laughed out loudly.

Hearing Barley’s words, everybody cheered up. After realizing that they would have fish to eat tonight, the depressed guys immediately became spirited. Just for a few fish, they began to delicately distribute the work that needed to be done. Some boiled water, others added firewood to the fire, while the others killed the fish. All in a sudden, the tree base was brimming with joy. While cleaning the fish in the stream, Doug made a mistake and let the fish slip out of his hand. The moment the fish into the water, it had tried to swim away. Thankfully, the stream was neither wide nor deep; it was only about 20-30 cm in depth. After the collective, hasty efforts of a few people, they were finally able to capture that fish. Although most of their clothes had been soaked, they all still felt very happy.

“Don’t throw away the innards. Cover them with tree leaves and leave them to me. I will use them!” Seeing that Leit was about to throw them away, Zhang Tie hurriedly stopped him and grabbed some large tree leaves to wrap the innards of the fish.

“This stuff can’t be eaten. Why do you want to leave them?” Doug curiously asked.

“We can’t eat them, but that doesn’t mean other animals can’t!” Zhang Tie showed a mysterious smile...

……

After being cleaned, the golden threadfin breams were cut into pieces and placed into the pot with boiling water. Sharwin fetched a hand full of wild pepper and sprayed them inside along with a bit salt. Soon after, when the water in the pot was boiling again, the aroma of fish soup drifted out from the pot, causing everyone to drool. The color of the fish soup had turned into a milky color. When the others saw it, their appetite greatly increased, and they all forcefully swallowed their saliva.

Everyone greatly enjoyed this supper. Every one of them hated for it to end as they all licked their bowls clean. Three fish were used to cook the pot of soup, and in the end, not a single drop of soup or a single piece of fish was left. That golden threadfin bream was truly delicious. With the exception of Barley, this was the first time the others had eaten something this delicious.

After eating to their fill, everyone sat around the campfire and chatted. To sate their curiosity, Zhang Tie told them everything about trapping the fish, including the principle behind it and the location. Hearing that Zhang Tie could easily capture fish with such a method, every member’s mouth gaped.

As he moved the firewood under the huge pot to improve the roasting of the pine cones, he imparted to the others his method of trapping fish. He had buried those pine cones under the ash from the firewood. Once firm pine cones were heated, they would expand and thus expose the pine nuts inside. Zhang Tie picked a well-roasted pine cone and threw it to Doug. Drooling, Doug opened the pine cone and started to chew on the pine nut as he mumbled:

“Bighead, so to say, does this mean that even if you don’t do anything, you would still be able to easily get 1 kg of food every day?”

“Haha, if I get less than 1 kg of fish a day, then it will belong to me, but if I get more than 1 kg of fish a day, then I will share the rest with you guys. It isn’t just me who has enough food, but everyone!” Zhang Tie explained as he smiled. “Actually, I think we should still think over it. There are still many kinds of hunting methods. For example, Glaze has a powerful fighting force, so he directly catches his prey. There’s also that bowman that you guys saw. He’s extraordinary at archery, so he uses his bow to shoot his prey. Then there’s Burwick. I heard that there are many people around him, so he takes advantage of their large numbers to catch prey. We can definitely learn from them. If we want to gather food and catch prey, then we have to use our strengths. None of us brothers could match Glaze when it comes to fighting strength, and neither could we match the number of people by Burwick’s side. Since we are new here, we need to take some time to adapt to the environment and accumulate experience. I think we can take advantage of the time the others are using to adapt to the environment to try out some special methods!”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, everybody’s eyes began to shine.

“What do you think is the best method for us to use to hunt prey?” Leit asked.

“Others are using archery, their fighting strength, and the advantage in numbers. How about we try laying traps?” Zhang Tie suggested...



* * *





Chapter 78




In any country, region, or time, education would have its natural defects and weaknesses. Education was designed for the interests and demands of the rulers. Since the rulers of Blackhot City required the schools to raise soldiers, farmers, and workers to support the operation of the city, most of the courses at school reflected this; they were related to and taught the basics required for those jobs, thus the students would never have the opportunity to learn to create traps that could capture low-level beasts.

Even in the eyes of many teachers, creating and setting traps was not a skill that was necessary to be imparted at school, as the beasts that could be trapped were just worthless, low-level beasts like tigers and wolves. People above LV 5 could already easily deal with those low-level beasts, even to the point of just tearing them by hand. Therefore, there was no need to set traps at all. If they had free time, it would be better spent in practicing cultivation, striving to ignite as many burning points in their body as possible. Not to mention that hunting was not a skill that was of importance in the eyes of the rulers of Blackhot City. In this age, personal fighting strength was king, while the other skills were not worth mentioning.

As a result of their education, almost no student in Blackhot City, perhaps even in the Andaman Alliance, placed much importance to it. In fact, most of them knew nothing about traps. From Zhang Tie’s memories, throughout his entire time at school, it seemed that it was only in last year’s survival class did the teacher casually mention that it was sometimes effective to set traps in the wild; however, this was something that few students would pay attention to.

Using traps was something used by those low-level pioneers who explored the wild. Naturally, they would not catch too many people’s eyes. Had Zhang Tie not worked at the grocery store, he too would not have learned about traps. Coming to Wild Wolf Valley this time, Zhang Tie realized that he could really put the traps to use here...

If he had not caught those golden threadfin breams earlier, Zhang Tie wouldn’t have the confidence to encourage the others to set traps. Those golden threadfin breams made Zhang Tie realize that the knowledge imparted unto him by Donder was rather valuable, at the very least during this survival training. Although they could learn a lot from the education provided in Blackhot City, they could learn much more from outside the high walls of Blackhot City.

In the eyes of the other members of the brotherhood, who had never learned about trapping skills, trapping was a difficult and mysterious skill that would only be used in boring knight novels, where they were all brimming with killing tricks that would frighten people and cause them to be muddleheaded. However, in the end, knight novels were completely fabricated by guys with too much time. After hearing Zhang Tie’s explanation, everybody understood. In fact, everybody could grasp a powerful trapping skill——digging a hole! A 5 m deep pit was already able to trap most of the fierce beasts and common animals in Wild Wolf Valley. If any beast falls into the pits, they would become live targets for the brotherhood, as any member of the brotherhood could just use the “Iron Gate T21” that Barley had brought to shoot it to death.

……

As usual, Zhang Tie woke up a bit later than 6:00 am the next morning. The entire Wild Wolf Valley was still fast asleep, with the exception of a couple chirping birds and insects. Sharwin was still on duty. Zhang Tie climbed off the tree and walked to the stream to wash his face and rinse his mouth. Afterwards, Zhang Tie replaced Sharwin, letting him go sleep. Sitting by the tree hollow, he took the “Iron Gate T21” and waited for the other members to wake up.

It was the fourth day since they had arrived here. Zhang Tie carefully stared at the “Iron Gate T21”. Compared to the various portable bows that were created by the people before the Catastrophe, “Iron Gate T21” was much more powerful. Zhang Tie had learned that the era before the catastrophe was a time when people used weapons with gunpowder and had too many powerful weapons to choose from, thus they did not pay much attention to the development of weapons that did not utilize gunpowder. However, in this age when weapons that did not use gunpowder became prominent in wars, development that once had nothing to do with weapons with no gunpowder were applied to them, resulting in them gradually becoming extremely powerful.

Using a light, complex pulley-based bow as an example, when compared to the traditional manual bows, the largest advantage it had was the hydraulic sliding rod, which was used to pull the string back into the proper position. Although it was similar to a jack[1], it was much more complex than it. Using this hydraulic device, a commoner would be able to pull the string back, putting it at the position for launching the arrow; in contrast, without the device, a strong person would have to use more than 200 kg of force to do the same thing. The addition of the hydraulic device and the standard arrow container, which was developed based on the cartridge holder used in gunpowder-driven weapons before the Catastrophe, caused this bow to be about 30 kg, making it much heavier than common machine bows; however, this increase in weight also meant that it was more powerful. Theoretically, if the “Iron Gate T21” was in the hands of someone with great strength, he could possibly shoot well over 120 arrows a minute.

In contrast, people like Zhang Tie and the other members of Hit-Plane Brotherhood could only shoot out at most ten arrows a minute using this bow. In the previous two nights, although he had adjusted the tension to be ⅛ of the original, Sharwin still needed to pull the hydraulic sliding rod eight times for it to succeed. And even Bagdad felt pain in his hand after two attempts when he had adjusted the tension to ⅕ of the maximum. This morning, Zhang Tie had stealthily adjusted the tension to ⅕ of the maximum, and like Bagdad, he only succeeded after two attempts with his left arm and hand feeling pain after.

After two attempts of using the “Iron Gate T21”, Zhang Tie confirmed two things. First, his strength was almost equivalent to the dark-skinned Bagdad. Second, The Iron Gate series of bow were amazing killing machines. As this bow was just a light one, Zhang Tie found it difficult to imagine the strength of a heavy bow of the same series.

Before the other members woke up, Zhang Tie played with the bow, trying to get used to it as he practiced Mental Arithmetic by Abacus by visualizing an abacus. Ever since Zhang Tie could visualize an abacus that was capable of doing seven digit calculations, he began to practice visualizing one for eight digits. Recently, whenever he had free time, he would practice eight digit calculation. If he wasn’t disturbed, he would spend two minutes to visualize an eight-column abacus in his mind and would slowly carry out eight digit calculations...

After Zhang Tie’s spiritual energy surged seven times, all of his senses had become sharper. After each time he practiced Mental Arithmetic by Abacus, Zhang Tie was able to see a slight increase in spiritual energy that had been brought about by visualizing that golden abacus. Although he didn’t know the reason, it still made him really excited. He had even begun to think about how he should share this method with his elder brother and Donder. After that incident about Huck and Snade, Zhang Tie always felt that he owed Donder. He could probably return the favor by telling him this secret, an effective method to increase spiritual energy. As Zhang Tie had never heard about this before, he believed that this was a great gift to show his sincerity to Donder. Since Donder had told him not to share the abacus skill with foreign clans, Zhang Tie didn’t want to violate Donder’s rule; therefore, he could not temporarily share this method with the other members of the brotherhood.

About 1 hour after Zhang Tie got up, Barley and the other members climbed out of tree hollows one by one. Having not even washed his face, the moment Barley saw Zhang Tie sitting in that pit, Barley was pretty surprised. “Wasn’t it Sharwin’s turn to keep watch last night? Where’d he go?”

“I got up early and couldn’t go back to sleep, so I let Sharwin go back and get some nice rest!”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, Barley became silent and rapidly climbed off the tree. He then went to the stream and washed his face and mouth. Followed by Barley, the other guys also woke up one by one...

After everyone made preparations, with the exception of Sharwin, who was staying in the base, the others all went to see how Zhang Tie trapped the golden threadfin breams.

Ensuring that nobody followed them, the group of five carefully followed Zhang Tie up the stream to the place where Zhang Tie had set the traps. Before arriving at the location, they were already stunned by the sight before them—there was a shoal of fish bigger than the size of an adult’s palm surging in the water 2 m away from the mouth of the stream. This scene was also somewhat out of Zhang Tie’s expectation. Zhang Tie hurriedly approached the pond and silently uncovered the twigs on it...

Like a bowl of treasure, the number of fish in the pond had increased over the night. Inside the pond, there were at least five golden threadfin breams that were not smaller than the ones from yesterday and at least ten other fish that varied in size. At the sight of the fish, everybody became excited...

Barley felt that his decision of having Zhang Tie join the Hit-Plane Brotherhood was the best decision he has every made. Although Bighead looked pretty average at school, but at the critical moment, he was reliable and brought many surprises; he really makes people admire him...

[1] Jack - A device used to lift heavy objects



* * *





Chapter 79




The first rain of June abruptly came. The sky was still clear two days ago, but on the evening of the same day, the sky became covered with dense clouds as heavy rain fell. It continued to rain until last night.

Since it rained most of yesterday, most students chose to stay in their bases, and so did the members of Hit-Plane Brotherhood. Barley fetched a set of cards, and those guys spent the entire day playing cards in the tree hollow. That was a marvelous feeling. While it was heavily raining outside the base, they really enjoyed themselves in the tree hollows. Besides the sound that came from the raindrops falling onto tree leaves, no other sounds could be heard, as the insects and the birds had already hidden themselves. They could no longer hear the chirping of cicadas and birds. As the animals had already hidden themselves in such weather, naturally, it was not that easy to hunt them.

On the eighth day since the start of the survival training, god then allowed them one day of break...

In the past eight days, the tree base had been further renovated. When they had free time or had no firewood to burn, they further expanded the previous three levels of space, resulting in each of them having more space to sleep. They also hung a bamboo curtain, which they obtained by exchanging it for food with the girls, outside each of the tree holes. In addition, they also gathered several old vines, and in one night, wove them into a simple vine ladder for them to climb up and down. On the third floor, they expanded several pits and moved in some soil, wildflowers, and green plants from the valley to make the tree base more pleasant.

In the area under the tree, they dug a pond that was about 2 m2 and filled the bottom of the pond with pebbles and broken stones. They then dug a small ditch that was longer than 30m and cut several pieces of bamboo. Using the bamboo, they split the ditch from the middle and placed the pieces of bamboo inside, effectively creating a miniature water diversion system, which they used to start cultivating fish in the pond.

Although the water in the pond could easily seep into the ground, with the fresh water constantly flowing in, the depth of the water in the pond remained above 50 cm at all times, which was sufficient for the shoal of fish to survive.

After such renovation, the tree base had become completely different than before. A couple of days ago, they successfully invited a group of female students to visit their tree base and ate roasted fish together. As expected, with such an appealing tree base, those girls were greatly amazed, so much that they even entered the tree base to have a look. After those girls returned to Wild Wolf Castle, they began to tell the other girls at Wild Wolf Castle, thus causing their tree base to be well known among girls. Many girls started to learn of the male students who lived in a huge tree base and farmed fish inside a pond under the tree, and they knew if they were to visit, they would be able to drink delicious fish soup and eat roasted fish. Besides, it seemed that those male students worked hard and were able to hunt other beasts. Generally speaking, those boys were always able to obtain a sufficient amount of food. Once they set out to hunt, they would always return with something...

In order to allow the brothers of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood to not leave empty handed, Zhang Tie taught them how to dig those traps. In the recent days, under the collective hard work of the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, Barley and the rest had dug two traps that were deeper than 6m at a location about 5 km away from the tree base. These two traps, in addition to the fish trap that Zhang Tie made and the other traps made from twigs and stones to create small preys, greatly improved the living standard of the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood. On the sixth day since the start of the survival training, they had successfully captured a wolf by placing the fish innards that oozed a fishy and terrible odor in the first pit. It was finally miserably shot to death by “Iron Gate T21”. On the same day, the members of Hit-Plane Brotherhood also enjoyed roasted wolf meat for the first time and acquired their first wolf hide in this survival training. After experiencing the success of the traps, every one of them thoroughly enjoyed setting traps. If it were not for the rain, they would have already made a third deep pit.

After they succeeded with their first trap, their tree base gradually became more and more famous. After feeling satisfied physically, the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood started to dream about women. In the past couple of days, they had often frequented Wild Wolf Castle to pick up girls. Some of them had even successfully convinced some girls to work together to get through the survival training. For the girls, aside from having to return to Wild Wolf Castle each evening, they were free to do whatever they wanted. Realizing this, those male students worked harder. Many teams had gradually entered deeper into Wild Wolf Valley, as it was truly a paradise for beasts there. Naturally, they would be able to capture more difficult preys there.

Wild Wolf Valley was naturally the paradise of wolves. In this age, even the species of wolves are categorized differently than the most universal categorization of animals. Wild wolves were the most common type, which did not differ to the wolves before the Catastrophe. According to the most universal classification of animals, wild wolves were categorized as Level 0 living beings, whose fighting force was equivalent to a common human soldier. A Huge Wolf was a Level 1 living being that had physically evolved and mutated after the Catastrophe and was much larger than the normal wolf. The Huge Wolf was much more fiercer, stronger, and more agile. A Golden Wolf was a Level 2 living being which had further evolved and mutated from a Huge Wolf. A Golden Wolf looked brilliant as it shone with gold all over and was also larger than a Huge Wolf. It was said that a matured Golden Wolf could easily kill three LV 1 human fighters. Above the Golden Wolf were the Level 3 Bloody Wolf and the rarely seen Level 4 Shadow Wolf, which was said to be the top of all the beasts and magical beasts that had been seen in Wild Wolf Valley in the past few decades. Actually, people had rarely seen beasts above Level 2 in the past decade, which was why Wild Wolf Valley was selected as the location for the survival training of the students of Blackhot City.

Zhang Tie heard that no beasts above Level 4 were found in Wild Wolf Valley because there were once many Gold-Eating Boas here. Although those Gold-Eating Boas had been exterminated, their high-level Qi still lingered in this valley. The more advanced the beast or magical beast were, the more sensitive their Qi would be and the farther the beasts would stay away from them.

On the sixth day since the start of this survival training and also the day before it started to rain, the team headed by Burwick from Seventh National Male Middle School besieged and killed four Huge Wolves. That was the first time for students to have hunted four Level 1 magical beasts at once. Burwick greatly shocked Wild Wolf Castle this time. A large number of female communities and teams requested to cooperate with Burwick. Compared to Glaze, who was hapless these days, Burwick really obtained a good reputation this time.

One week after the survival training started, the excellent figures from the different schools also gradually stood out.

When Burwick’s group gained the four Huge Wolves, a male student from the another school who excelled in archery, the one Barley had mentioned to Zhang Tie, became well known as “Bowman Blues”. In contrast to the achievements acquired by Burwick, which was obtained through a group effort, “Bowman Blues” from Second National Male Middle School” climbed atop a tree alone and shot two Huge Wolves to death. Compared to Burwick, Blues was an individual with more heroism and easily aroused the adoration from the girls. As a result, “Bowman Blues” also became Mr. Perfect for every girl.

Of course, there were more excellent figures among the four schools...

The blacksmith workshop in Wild Wolf Castle gave off black smoke around the clock. The cutleries and the swords as well as some of the productive tools made in the workshop had already been placed on the square for sale. In the same workshop, it was said that someone had already started to build the model of the first steam machine.

There were also two female students who were excellent characters. It was rumored that there was a girl who showed her superb skills of identifying and finding plants, as she had already easily found a 100 kg root of a kudzu vine buried in the soil. Another girl displayed her amazing ability of implementing administrative management, as she well organized all the items in the inner castle of Wild Wolf Castle. There was even one girl who was a LV 1 fighter, was even braver than most boys, and had already gone hunting with several friends, causing the other male students to be embarrassed.

Those elites gradually showed off their talents, leading to this survival training becoming more and more boisterous.

Compared to those glamorous figures, Zhang Tie’s miserable life as a miner had seemingly just started. Two days ago, he went to dig traps with the other members of Hit-Plane Brotherhood. Yesterday, he took a break due to the rain. According to the regulations, if Zhang Tie wasn’t able to submit more than 300 kg of iron ore today, then he would not be permitted to be a miner anymore.

Therefore, the morning after the rain stopped, under the blessings and condolences of his brothers, Zhang Tie, once again, looked like a miner that was destined for the job. After checking his equipment, he silently carried that ugly mining basket and set off on his trip alone.

“That is too miserable!” The other members of Brotherhood sighed at the sight of Zhang Tie’s back...



* * *





Chapter 80




The rain finally stopped last night. As a result, the morning air in the valley was pretty good. Zhang Tie seemingly could even smell the fragrance of the roadside grass. However, the path in the valley became very muddy and slippery this morning as a result of the rain, thus one may easily slip if they didn’t pay attention to the condition of the path. Zhang Tie had no choice but to slow down his walking speed towards the mine that was several kilometers away.

Soon after Zhang Tie left the tree base, he had already encountered two groups of students hunting for food, with each group consisting of more than ten people. When Zhang Tie passed them, those guys, at first, gave a look of amazement at his mining basket, but soon after, they cast a glare of contempt at Zhang Tie before raising their heads and striding away proudly...

In the past couple of days, Zhang Tie had already become immune to those contemptuous glares. Unknown when he had read it, Zhang Tie remembered a certain sentence—a man who couldn’t stand being alone would never grow up. In his current situation, for Zhang Tie, the current situation allowed him to grow alone.

Growing along with Zhang Tie’s heart was the Castle of Black Iron.

After the past couple days of hard work, Zhang Tie had already accumulated 2000 basic energy storage by throwing baskets full of stones and iron ores into the Pool of Chaos within the Castle of Black Iron. The amount of basic energy storage in the Castle of Black Iron was several hundred times more than that before the start of the survival training. After having been converted into basic energy storage, the stones and mined ores quickly increased the strength of the Castle of Black Iron. With the amount of basic energy storage presently available in the Castle of Black Iron, it could already be used to make some slight changes to the topography of the Castle of Black Iron, for example a small pool However, Zhang Tie was currently not satisfied with just that amount; he wanted to accumulate more basic energy storage and then make a final decision once the survival training was over.

In addition to the increasing basic energy storage, the aura value in the Castle of Black Iron has also been rapidly increasing. Zhang Tie had found that all the seeds gifted by Grandma Teresa had already sprouted and were growing well. In addition to the seeds from Grandma Teresa, the potatoes, niblets, sweet potatoes, and the pumpkins in his own land were all growing nicely as well.

Zhang Tie didn’t know why, but in the past few days, he felt as if he was being followed on his way to the mines; however, this morning, the feeling of being followed was gone. This made Zhang Tie curious about whether he was going crazy again, but in the end, he didn’t think too much about it.

After the first rain in June, the valley had been covered with dandelions overnight. White hairy spheres of dandelions had already broken out from the ground one by one, seemingly waiting for the arrival of a gust of wind. At the sight of the cute dandelions, Zhang Tie felt pretty good. Without hesitation, he casually picked ten of the white hairy spheres from the dandelions and tossed them into his mining basket.

……

Half an hour later, Zhang Tie arrived at the nearest mining cave, which was only a bit more than 200m away from Wild Wolf Castle. Many people had already been here to mine, and there was a small, rusty half-complete track, which was once used to transport carts, on the ground covered in weeds outside the mining cave, seemingly as if it was telling him that this place was once prosperous. This mining cave might have been very important in the past, but now it was just an abandoned place used by the unlucky students to do labor work in exchange for food.

As it was too close to Wild Wolf Castle, it was easily noticed by the female students. Not many male students chose this mining cave as their base, as they were afraid of losing face under the gazes from the female students, thus this mining cave was not as lively as the other ones.

Recently, there has been many new faces entering this mine to work, while many old faces would disappear. Zhang Tie guessed that there were more than ten people, including himself, who constantly came to this mine to work every day. Most likely because this job was not something to feel honor from and all the people who mined here were either introverted or didn’t feel like talking, Zhang Tie had not even made a single bosom friend after working here for a while. However, this truly made Zhang Tie reassured; he could do whatever he wanted alone in the mining cave without having to worry about the others.

There were many broken stones on the ground outside the mines, making it easier to walk since there was less mud. The entrance to the mines was large, measuring up to dozens of square meters. After arranging his equipment at the entrance of the cave and cleaning off the mud on his shoes using a rock, Zhang Tie took out a torch and a hoe before lighting up the torch as he held it while entering the mine...

Although it was still daytime, after walking for a dozen meters in the cave and taking two turns, it was hard to see anything in front of him. If Zhang Tie didn’t have a torch, he would not be able to venture deeper at all. Thankfully, the road ahead was flat without too many obstacles, thus Zhang Tie continued to venture deeper on the jet black path.

The illuminating torch and Zhang Tie’s footsteps shocked several bats inside the cave, leading to the bats flapping their wings and making a loud noise. This would always frighten people entering the cave for the first time, and Zhang Tie was no exception. However, after having accessed the mine several times, Zhang Tie had become accustomed to it.

The illuminating torch cast Zhang Tie’s shadow onto the mining walls. As he walked forward, his shadow on the walls also accompanied him. Each time Zhang Tie entered, he could not help but peek at the jumping shadows on the walls of the mine that were brought about by the shaking of the illuminating rays from the torch. Besides his shadow, there were also many strange marks that were circular and similar to tire marks on the yellowish walls and the ground of the mine. Zhang Tie was sure those marks were not left by humans. Every time he saw those marks, Zhang Tie would think back to the legend of the Gold-Eating Boas told by Sharwin that happened at this place three decades ago. Walking down the hole that stretched underground with walls covered in weird marks and had a diameter of three to four meters, whenever Zhang Tie thought about how the exaggeratedly terrifying boas that could engulf everything it met that used to climb in this tunnel, he would always feel terrified, feeling as if there were monsters in the pitch darkness staring at him. Although he knew it was just his imagination, Zhang Tie would always accelerate his footsteps whenever he passed by those strange tunnels.

Faintly hearing the sounds of hoes knocking at ores in front of him, Zhang Tie slightly calmed down. After walking several hundred meters in the cave, he finally arrived at the other end of this tunnel, revealing a spacious area in front of him. This area was even larger than the city square of Blackhot City and looked like a natural karst cave. Zhang Tie only saw a few dim lights in the entire underground space. , which came from the torches of the people who had arrived before him; however, in this pitch darkness, the burning torches were just like dim oil lamps and could only brighten a small area. The sounds of knocking at ores constantly reverberated in this space. The sounds that reverberated inside this huge mine seemed to spread both far away and close. For people who had walked through the meandering tunnel, they would definitely let out a sigh of relief and would feel happy at the sight of the lights in the pitch darkness and upon hearing the reverberating knocking sounds—well, at least that held true for Zhang Tie...

As usual, Zhang Tie chose a place that was more isolated and subtle to do his mining work; the place he chose to work in was in another tunnel that was artificially made in the underground space. Even if he were to light his torch, he would not be easily noticed by others within that tunnel. In addition, there were several other intersections and turns inside this tunnel that seemingly led deeper underground. Therefore, that was a pretty ideal place for Zhang Tie to do whatever he wanted.

Arriving at where he usually worked, he set up a small trick at the entrance of the tunnel using several broken stones. This small trick would alert him if anyone entered the tunnel. After placing the stones at the entrance, Zhang Tie was able to completely relax.

Fixing the torch into a crack on the wall of the mine, dozens of square meters of space before him were illuminated. He placed his mining basket on the ground and poured out the spare torches and dandelions from within. He then removed the dagger, the kettle, and the dried ration from his waist. After drinking some water, he took up his hoe and began to work hard to gather the required amount of ores, joining the other sounds of knocking and forming a chorus in the underground karst cave!

Unknownst to Zhang Tie, who was mining in the cave underground, a messenger falcon had brought the latest news from Blackhot City to Wild Wolf Castle. The news it brought was a big event that had happened in Blackhot City yesterday, and that big event was rightly related to the letter Zhang Tie had sent. After a week of brewing, the storm in Blackhot City shook the entire Andaman Alliance, while the storm from yesterday seemed to symbolize the arrival of a greater storm...



* * *





Chapter 81




Under the highest tower in the outer castle of Wild Wolf Castle was a conference room, which was where the members of the Temporary Supervision Committee worked. As there was still an army residing within Wild Wolf Castle, every three days, the Blackhot City Military would use a messenger falcon to send a military notice to the castle, so the army stationed in the castle would be up-to-date with the current events in Blackhot City. After Wild Wolf Castle became the base for the students participating in the survival training, the recipients of the notice changed from the army to the members of the Temporary Supervision Committee and the students who were attending the survival training.

Today, after having received and read the letter from Blackhot City that was brought by the messenger falcon, the teacher’s face instantly turned pale. He then immediately summoned all the teachers and directors from every school attending the survival training in Wild Wolf Castle and loudly read the notice presented by the military of Blackhot City in the conference room...

Before listening to the contents of the letter, the people in the conference room were all relaxed; however, upon hearing the contents, all their faces turned blue. As a result, the conference room was filled with a solemn air and sound was no longer heard anymore. At that moment, if a needle were to fall onto the ground, the sound would be clearly heard by everyone...

The day before yesterday, Wild Wolf Castle welcomed the first rain of June. On that very day, a big event also occurred in Blackhot City—the military of Blackhot City abruptly dispatched a large amount of soldiers to besiege the residence of the Niumuen Business Group on Bright Avenue of Blackhot City and forcefully carried out an investigation, using the excuse of searching for criminals. However, the forced investigation was met with a counterattack from the guards of the Niumuen Business Group. As expected, the guards of the Niumuen Business Group were completely cracked down and was completely purged by the iron first of Blackhot City’s military. However, not only did the following investigation of the Niumuen Business Group’s residence reveal that the fleeing fugitives were not there, but it also revealed something much more frightening. From the indisputable evidence and the interrogation of the director of the Niumuen Business Group of Blackhot City, a huge conspiracy was revealed—the Niumuen Business Group had colluded with the Red-scarf Burglars in an attempt to look for an opportunity for the bandit group to wipe out the major clans that controlled the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation of Blackhot City.

Blackhot City officials had already delivered the news of this event to the Andaman Alliance last night, greatly shocking them. In the same evening after having received the notice, using its name, the Andaman Alliance submitted its strongest protest to the Norman Empire’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs in hopes to receive a reasonable explanation for the event that transpired in Blackhot City and the Andaman Alliance. However, as the Norman Empire chose to remain quiet even until this morning, Blackhot City started to shut down all the industries and business groups of the Norman Empire within its territory, effectively stopping all business with the Norman Empire...

The arrival of the Red-scarf Burglars once again increased the tension in the atmosphere and caused the Blackhot City Military to raise its alertness to Level 1: Preparation for war...

The conference room in Wild Wolf Castle was filled with a weird and solemn air, as the actions of the Norman Empire made everyone breathless. In the eyes of Blackhot City and the Andaman Alliance, the Norman Empire was truly a strong force. There was truly a great gap between the military forces of the two parties: Blackhot City had a military consisting of 50,000 and the Andaman Alliance had an army of 400,000 soldiers, while just the common soldiers on the northern border of the Norman Empire numbered 3 million. If the two parties were to start a war, just the army stationed at the northern border of the Norman Alliance alone could already wipe out the Andaman Alliance. Over the past few years, the major reason that the Andaman Alliance could stay in a peaceful state with the Norman Empire was not because the Andaman Alliance was strong, but rather because of the conflicts and contradictions between the Sun Dynasty and the Norman Empire. The Norman Empire and the Sun Dynasty were both crazy, and when two crazy men stared at each other with the Andaman Alliance sitting between them, neither party would want to make the first move that would start the war. This situation remained unchanged for dozens of years. Blackhot City, who benefitted from this situation, was able to develop well in the past few decades. Now, it seems that one of the two crazy guys had become impatient...

“Do we need to release this news to the students?” one of the teachers sitting at the round desk made of pine wood thought for a while before finally proposing the question.

“I think it’s unnecessary to tell them, as they will naturally know of it when they finish the survival training. Let ’em enjoy this temporary time of happiness...” Hearing his words, everyone else in the conference room stared at the kind-looking teacher. The teacher who just spoke gave a casual smile. “Everyone, there has been peace in Blackhot City and the Andaman Alliance for dozens of years, so why would the Norman Empire decide to start a war at this point in time? As we all know, since several weeks ago, the prices of strategic materials in all the countries of the Blackson Human Clan Corridor has been slowly rising. What does this mean? I think we all know the answer to this. Naturally, Blackhot City and the Andaman Alliance are not worth all the countries in the Blackson Human Clan Corridor launching a war for.”

Hearing his words, Captain Kerlin frowned. Although Captain Kerlin knew that that teacher’s words contained something unusual, as he was neither highly intelligent nor excelled at analysis, he wasn’t able to fully comprehend the meaning behind them. “Gerom, you’re saying… a big war will break out...”

“I didn’t say anything.” After looking around, Gerom gently sighed. “We are all small figures and are not able to make the big decisions. It’s just that I remembered the end of the second holy war between humans and demons. It seems that more than 170 years has already passed…”

Holy war!

As if a -50 degrees celsius breeze had swept the room, the two words instantly froze the conference room. Hearing those two words, even Captain Kerlin’s face turned pale...

……

This morning, Zhang Tie was not happy at all; not only was he not happy in the slightest, he was even depressed to death. Nobody would be happy if they spent their entire morning digging 300 kg of ores before carrying them using a mining basket as they walked 1.5 km to submit them in various locations several times. As the amount of iron in the ores varied from 50% and 60%, it was quite heavy for Zhang Tie to carry, as it would contain almost 200 kg of iron ores each time. For the students attending the survival training, it was impossible for them to carry 200 kg while walking a distance of 1.5 km. Let alone 200 kg, it was even difficult for them to carry 100 kg. For those who were able to carry 50 kg of ores while traversing a distance of 1.5kg, being able to return was already considered good enough. Although it was not difficult for one to dig ores and possibly even obtain up to several tons a day, the real test of strength was if they were able to bring the ores to the correct place.

Zhang Tie kept working for the entire morning. Although he had only finished two-thirds of the mission today, Zhang Tie, as a Level 1 fighter, already felt fatigued all over; his body felt weak. After submitting the batch of ores that weighed over 70 kg, Zhang Tie received two packages of dried rations. Throwing himself onto the ground under the shade of a pine tree, he did not feel like picking himself up from the floor again.

After this experience, Zhang Tie swore that he would dig in the mines every day regardless of the weather. Since he had to submit a minimum amount of ores each day, he realized he would truly be tortured to death if he had to finish three days worth of work in one day.

Much like outside, there were small iron tracks which once allowed the usage of mining carts inside the mines; however, there was clear evidence that the iron tracks had been destroyed by some bastards. As a result, all miners had to walk approximately 0.5 km inside the tunnel, which sharply lowered the transportation efficiency.

Like before, the guys who wanted to try out mining had already decided to leave after just the morning, and many people were reluctant to try it again for the second time.

Leaning against a tree, Zhang Tie was drinking water and eating the dried ration. With slightly narrowed eyes, Zhang Tie looked up at the two happy squirrels on the tree. These days, the squirrels seemed to have noticed that a group of uninvited guests was stealing their pine cones, thus the two began to move the pine cones into their own tree hollow. They were even more diligent than Zhang Tie. Seeing the two busy squirrels, Zhang Tie became somewhat embarrassed, as he was one of the uninvited guests who had taken their pine cones, yet he was not even as diligent as a squirrel...

……

On the first day after the rain stopped, all the students began to be busy once more. It seemed that it was hard to associate the survival training with the word “happiness”. At a location 10 km away from mine where Zhang Tie was, as Zhang Tie leaned against a tree as he ate his dried rations, Glaze and his followers were doing something that was even harder to associate with the word “happiness”...

A cave within a mountain had already been filled with blood. After killing several female wolves, who were feeding pups, using his sword, Glaze swept through the 20 odd pups who were barely as big as a newborn dog. As the last pup wanted to bite at his heel, Glaze ferociously stomped down onto its head, smashing it into pieces. Only at this moment did the sad howls within the mountain cave finally stop.

The instant the growls stopped, Sharon and Zuhair rushed in. They carefully avoided all the blood on the ground. Much like Glaze, Sharon’s and Zuhair’s skin had turned a pale green, seemingly as if a strange fluid had been pasted on them.

“Hurry up, let’s go. We won’t have time to leave if the other wolves return...” Sharon urged.

“Glaze, your shoes have been dyed with wolf blood. You should throw them away. Otherwise, the wolves would come and look for you. Now, everybody should hurry up and leave this place. We should clean off the mixture of bitter taro roots and blood wolf flowers from our bodies. That way, nobody would know that we were responsible for this...” At the sight of the pup who had its head crushed under Glaze’s foot, Zuhair cried out as he awkwardly took out a bag that was sealed in waterproof cloth. Opening the bag, Zuhair picked up a small piece of a towel using his two fingers and threw it on the ground.

After looking at the blood from the pups that stained his shoes, Glaze cursed and then quickly left the wolf den that reeked of death with Sharon and Zuhair.

“Have you finished your job?” as they left, Glaze asked Zuhair.

“Trust me, I have already arranged the other pieces of his towel on the way. Those wild wolves will definitely find Zhang Tie on his way back to his base if they follow the odor trail created by the pieces from his towel. Wild wolves are both cunning and good at bearing grudges...” Zuhair smirked. “A common soldier has nothing to do with us if he was engulfed by a pack of wild wolves!”

“Hahaha...” Glaze and his followers laughed out loudly...

Two hours later, all the male wolves hunting outside returned to their den. The instant they entered, their low howls started to reverberate throughout the entire valley...



* * *





Chapter 82




The ore collection center of Wild Wolf Castle was at the foot of a relatively flat hill south of Wild Wolf Castle. There was an iron rail that spanned hundreds of meters long down from the top of the hill to the collection center. The other end of the iron rail was the raw materials field of the iron smelting workshop in Wild Wolf Castle. The steam engine attached to the wheeled vehicle provided it enough energy so that it could pull carts filled with iron ores from the foot of the hill to the top using steel wires that were as thick as a baby’s arm. Thanks to the iron rail and the vehicle that made use of the steam engine, iron ores could be easily brought into Wild Wolf Castle. If not for them, Zhang Tie really wondered whether there would be any person willing to dig in the mines, as they would have to walk a distance of over 1.5 km in order to reach this location while carrying the iron ores. In order to get here, he would have to walk up a slope and would most likely be tired to death after doing so.

Although some people would be able to accomplish such a feat, others would find it difficult to do the same.

At noon, after raining for a day, the sun finally rose, and it gradually became hot again. Due to the rain, the valley was still rather damp, but under the scorching sun, the water began to evaporate and rise from the ground. In a short period, the entire valley became a huge steaming cage that made people breathless.

Under such a high temperature, it became a huge test as to whether Zhang Tie would be able to traverse a distance of over 1.5 km while carrying more than 100 kg of iron ores on his back. On the way there, Zhang Tie gritted his teeth as he oozed sweat all over and felt as if his shoulder was burning because his shoulder constantly rubbed against his mining basket. On average, he would have to take a rest after walking every 200 or 300 meters. Finally arriving at his destination, when Zhang Tie placed his mining basket on the scale, it made a “Kuang!” sound. Upon hearing a different sound drifting from the scale, the other male students couldn’t help but stare at the number displayed on the scale.

118 kg!

“Brother, nice work. You are the first to carry over 100 kg of iron ores at once. It seems you were born to do this!” Hearing his words, Zhang Tie did not feel like uttering a single word; he only rolled his eyes. Right now, he was extremely tired and wanted to take a rest for half an hour. Zhang Tie didn’t have the strength to think about whether that guy was praising him or criticizing him. At the same time, the male student took out a notebook. After peering at the number displayed on the scale and checking the quality of the ores brought by Zhang Tie, he started to record the numbers in the notebook.

“Along withs this basket… how many kilograms of ores have I carried here today?” After panting for a quite while, Zhang Tie asked.

“Including this time, let me have a look...” Taking the notebook, the male student lowered his head and checked the record. “You are Zhang Tie, right? You brought in 76 kg the first time, 78 kg for the second time, and 69 kg for the third time. This time, you’ve brought 118 kg. Let me calculate it...”

“341 kg...” The instant the male student told Zhang Tie of the weight of the iron he had brought the third time, Zhang Tie had already visualized a seven column abacus in his mind, from which poured out the final result.

After calculating it with a pen, that male student got the same result as the one Zhang Tie got. Slightly amazed, he stared at Zhang Tie, but in the end, he didn’t put too much thought into it.

“Right, it’s 341 kg. This is the record for the most brought in. Since you didn’t come in for the previous two days, you have just finished the amount needed for the past three days of required work...”

“Is there a reward for the highest record?” Zhang Tie casually asked.

“There is!”

“What is it?”

“You will be allowed to continue this promising career...”

Hearing this answer, Zhang Tie’s face slightly turned dark before beginning to laugh. He didn’t expect this guy to have a sense of humor.

Seeing them pouring his iron ores into the mining vehicle, Zhang Tie casually prattled with them and took a rest. Based on the weight of his iron ores, Zhang Tie received 0.35 kg of dried rations. Afterwards, bringing with him the dried rations, Zhang Tie carried the ugly mining basket and climbed to the top of the mountain, arriving at the square outside Wild Wolf Castle.

After having removed the 100 kg burden and taking a break, Zhang Tie gradually recovered his strength and realized that he was much faster than before. This time, since he successfully surpassed his own physical limit and was able to create a record among the group of unlucky fellows, Zhang Tie was in a good mood and felt a bit pleasant. It seemed that what Donder had said was true—people were always forced to conquer difficulties before they were able to succeed. That was really sincere saying that was often seen in Chinese texts.

As the sun had risen again, the square became more boisterous than before. Compared to the empty and shabby appearance that was here before, there were now some simple trading booths that could also be used as shelter in the square. At these booths, some of the female students would sell the wild fruits and vegetables that they had picked in the valley and would trade them for other food. At the other end of the square, the male students, as usual, grouped together as they showed off their “muscles” and the prey they had caught. Over time, they would find an opportunity to chat with girls. These days, more and more female students had begun to form solid teams with the male students. No matter whether they were male or female, after some time and after understanding each other, they became rather bold.

“Do you need blueberries or hawthorn fruits?” A voice from a booth to the side attracted Zhang Tie’s attention. Turning around, Zhang Tie saw a male student shaking his head and walking away, while the owner of the booth, a female student, looked disappointed as she hugged her legs and sat on the ground. In front of the girl was a lotus leaf on which were a pile of unripe wild blueberries and hawthorn fruits that amounted to less than 0.25 kg. Much like the bashful female owner of the booth, the pile of blueberries and hawthorn fruits looked average. Although they were clean, they were not attractive at all and were not able to arouse the “appetite” of the horny students.

As Zhang Tie remembered that he had not spread the seeds of blueberries and hawthorn fruits on the soil in the Castle of Black Iron, Zhang Tie walked over and squatted in front of that poor girl’s booth. “What do you want in exchange for these fruits?”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s voice, the dejected girl raised her head up from her knees. Although she had freckles on her face, she looked clean and had an average figure; however, she had a pair of blue eyes that were crystal clear, much like a stream of water. She was just like an ugly duckling dwarfed by the brilliant beauties around her.

“0.25 kg of dried rations for both the wild blueberries and the hawthorn fruits. Ah, if you just give me 0.2 kg of dried rations, you can take them away. I’m also willing to trade for 0.1 kg of meat.” Feeling that Zhang Tie was slightly glancing over her body, the girl sitting on the ground leaned a bit more forward, hiding her chest behind her knees.

“Gulugulu” Clear growling sounds drifted from the stomach of that girl into Zhang Tie’s ears. At the same time, the girl lowered her head in embarrassment.

“Fine, I want them all...” Zhang Tie casually took out 0.5 kg of dried rations from his food container. After thinking for a short time, he added 0.05 kg of dried beef to the dried rations.

“This… this… is too much!” The girl was surprised; her pair of beautiful blue eyes gazed at Zhang Tie without blinking, seemingly as if she wanted to find something on Zhang Tie’s face.

“Hmm… I am a disciple of the Guardian God School. During this survival training, I want to collect some seeds from various plants. As you can see from my looks, you should know that I dig in the mines and have no time to do this. If it’s convenient for you and as long as it’s safe, could you please collect some seeds for me? Whatever they are, I’ll exchange food with you. The extra food is paid in advance.” Zhang Tie casually said.

“Really?” The girl’s eyes instantly became shiny.

Smiling, Zhang Tie put away the two piles of slightly unripe fruits and then pushed the dried rations and dried beef in front of the girl. His actions were more persuasive than any words. Seeing his actions, the girl firmly took the food, seemingly as if she feared Zhang Tie would change his mind.

“What’s your name?”

“I am Zhang Tie!”

“After I collect seeds, how will I find you?”

“I come here often, so you don’t need to come look for me. I’ll come look for you!”

As he said this, Zhang Tie picked himself up and took away those fruits. After seven or eight steps away, Zhang Tie heard the timid voice from the girl behind him. “I am Pandora...”

Zhang Tie turned around and showed a smile to the girl. He then picked up a hawthorn fruit and stylishly tossed it into the air, letting it fall into his mouth; however, upon biting it, Zhang Tie instantly frowned, as it was really sour. What a failure! Seeing Zhang Tie’s expression, Pandora giggled. Almost at the same time, she hurriedly covered her mouth with her hands, as she realized that she was the one who had sold him the hawthorn fruit. Raising her head to look at Zhang Tie again, she realized the black-haired adolescent with the mining basket on his back was waving at her before gradually disappearing among the crowd...

“Zhang Tie...” Pandora muttered this name several times.

……

After finishing today’s work, Zhang Tie felt relaxed all over. Whistling, he began to climb down the mountain while eating the sour blueberries and hawthorn fruits. He then returned to the place where he had dug in the mines. As there were still four or five hours before he would leave the mine, he could casually spend them to do whatever he wanted. At this time, the hidden mining tunnel had become the best place for him to practice cultivation. In addition, after working in the morning, there were fewer people inside the mines, and the knocking sounds became sparser.

Sitting down on the relatively clean ground in the mine as he crossed his legs, Zhang Tie entered the cultivation state. As he had just finished carrying over 100 kg iron ores to the right location, he currently felt that he was in the perfect condition, as he felt relaxed and full of strength all over. Zhang Tie had once heard that every time a person broke through their physical limits, they would see a better effect when cultivating. At this moment, he decided to give it a try for the remaining hours...

——————



* * *





Chapter 83




For the entire afternoon, Zhang Tie was practicing cultivation inside the mines. He felt as if time had flown really fast during the process!

When he walked out of the mining cave, the afterglow of the setting sun had already covered the entire Wild Wolf Valley with a golden color. With narrowed eyes, Zhang Tie peered over the peaceful and beautiful valley. Only after a while was Zhang Tie’s able to gradually adapt to the scenery before him.

Currently, he was feeling pretty good, seemingly because of the effects of today’s cultivation, which changed the color of the burning point at his rear end to a slightly red color; he never felt better. If it were not for those sparsely lit torches that reminded Zhang Tie that it was already almost dusk, Zhang Tie would have wanted to stay another several hours inside the mine to increase the amount of basic energy storage in the Castle of Black Iron.

Before leaving the mine, Zhang Tie sat in the mining tunnel he had dug in and entered the Castle of Black Iron once again. The whole process only lasted less than three minutes. Entering the Castle of Black Iron with Zhang Tie were the seeds of wild blueberries and hawthorn fruits. After rapidly running a lap around the Castle of Black Iron, Zhang Tie had casually spread the seeds onto the ground and checked the second Leakless Fruit before promptly exiting.

There was another 56 hours left before the second Leakless Fruit would become ripe. Seeing its progress, Zhang Tie felt very satisfied. However, at the same time, he felt a tinge of regret when he looked at the progress bar of the Iron Body Fruit, as it had remained unchanged. The progress of the Iron Body Fruit had probably stalled as he hasn’t been to the fighting club to be a flesh bag for the past couple of days. After gazing at that unripe Iron Body Fruit for a while, Zhang Tie suddenly came to the conclusion that he was really impatient and began to curse himself inwardly.

At this moment, those horny male students at Wild Wolf Castle were pretending to be gentlemen despite thinking of dirty things as they invited girls to have supper with them. Over the course of a week, some of the horny male students had already become well acquainted with the female students as they climbed down the mountain hand in hand while chatting happily with each other. This truly made Zhang Tie unhappy and uncomfortable. At the sight of such students, he could only touch his nose and forced a self-mocking smile before heading for the tree base.

On the way back, Zhang Tie was thinking about the achievements of Barley and the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, wondering if they had successfully invited a group of girls to visit their tree base. Everything he had learned before the start of the survival training regarding the dangers in this place had already been forgotten by him. Zhang Tie himself was most likely the last person who would encounter any danger as a miner, despite having broken two records since the start of the survival training. Even if he met a wolf, would they really be able to pose any danger to him?

In the valley, as he thought of wolves, a pleasant smile drifted onto Zhang Tie’s face as a night breeze blew past it. If he were to truly meet a wolf at this moment, he would only regard himself as lucky and treat it as another gift from god. Despite it being a dagger, it was still a weapon; as a LV 1 fighter with a weapon, dealing with a wild wolf was as hard as carrying 100 kg of iron ores and walking a distance of 1.5 km. Although it was somewhat hard work, it still wasn’t dangerous...

However, danger would always arrive before one has become well-prepared. It would appear before you like a collapsing mountain, and if you were to make a mistake, you might be broken into pieces.

20 minutes after Zhang Tie left the mining cave, Zhang Tie had already walked several kilometers. Just as he passed by a small patch of grassland and was about to walk through it, Zhang Tie suddenly stopped.

At that moment, his heart suddenly began to pound heavily while blood all over his body rushed to his head. In a split second, Zhang Tie felt dazed and worried as his face turned pale.

Blood sense!

The same blood sense he felt when he encountered Huck and Snade.

This grassland was only half a person tall and was more than 30 m away from Zhang Tie. Beside that grassland was a path which Zhang Tie used to walk on everyday. Facing the breeze, the grass were swaying in a manner akin to wheat waving in the wind, seemingly as if something was hiding within.

Zhang Tie instantly became covered in cold sweat, as he had realized that something terrifying was staring at him within the grass. Zhang Tie didn’t know whether the thing hidden in the grass was man or animal. At the same time, the first thing Zhang Tie thought about was Glaze’s group, wondering whether they had set an ambush and were waiting to kill him over there.

Slowly putting down his mining basket, Zhang Tie took out the hoe from within the basket. At the same time, he pulled out the ordinary dagger which his elder brother had gifted to him in hopes that he would protect himself with it. As for that poisonous dagger gifted to him by Donder, Zhang Tie had already placed it in the Castle of Black Iron.

With two weapons in hand, Zhang Tie slightly recovered his composure. Widening his eyes, he gazed at that patch of grassland, wanting to see through what was hiding inside. If it was Glaze’s group, Zhang Tie swore inwardly that he would definitely beat them fiercely...

The breeze gradually became heavier while the grass was still swaying. However, at this time, Zhang Tie saw something that were akin to rocks in the grass, which changed the form of the grass as they swayed. Before his spiritual energy had sharply increase, Zhang Tie would never have noticed such minute details; however, after his spiritual energy sharply augmented, he was easily able to capture such a slight change. Forcefully swallowing his saliva, Zhang Tie slowly moved backwards; however, the moment Zhang Tie moved backwards, those hidden rocks also moved forward, splitting the grass as they moved towards Zhang Tie step by step.

Then, a wolf drilled out from the grass with eyes fixed on Zhang Tie...

A wolf? Soon after, Zhang Tie slightly became relaxed, but at the sight of the other six wolves who drilled out from the grass, his tension once again intensified...

With red eyes, all seven wolves only glared at Zhang Tie. After looking straight into the eyes of those wolves, Zhang Tie could already feel their mood. They did not show a greedy expression like the one that would be present when they’re hunting, but instead, they showed hatred—a hatred so deep that they would not let him go even after draining the last drop of his blood.

Why do these wolves hate me? Zhang Tie was completely dumbfounded. At this moment, the only thing he knew was that he would probably lose his life this time. Seeing them gradually bare their snow-white fangs as they lowered their bodies, when Zhang Tie heard “gulugulu” sounds drifting from the inside of their throats, Zhang Tie could feel all the fine hair on his body standing on their ends...

Zhang Tie instantly turned around and started to run. At that moment, he spent every single bit of effort to stride forward. Zhang Tie’s mind was as clear as a crystal; various information flashed in his mind at the same time...

Currently, he was no less than 30 m away apart from the wolves. If he didn’t spend every ounce of his effort into escaping, then with his current speed, he would only have a bit more than 20 seconds before they caught him, as he was not their match in terms of speed with his current capabilities...

Once they caught up, he would have less than 30 seconds to choose between life and death choices. Within those 30 seconds, he could only try his best to kill one or two wolves; however, the time it took him to do that was enough for the remaining wolves to tear through his stomach or crush his throat. The moment he was knocked down against those wolves, he would be doomed ...

If he wanted to enter the Castle of Black Iron, he needed at least ten seconds—no, nine seconds. In order to enter, he would need to be calm, which meant that he could not be disturbed during the nine seconds before he entered the Castle of Black Iron. Obviously, he did not have enough time at this instance, and the Castle of Black Iron would not be able to help him get out of his current predicament...

As there was nobody nearby, Zhang Tie realized that nobody would be able to save him within 50 seconds, thus he only had one choice: he had to disappear from the sight of those wolves within the next 20 seconds since he would be killed the moment they caught up...

He could neither run as fast as the wolves nor could he rely on other people. His last beacon of hope was to take advantage of the topography and trees 200 m behind him.

The best terrain to take advantage of would be water, assuming it was present. Unfortunately, there was no water nearby; however, luckily, there were many trees behind him. The fact that he was not the least bit good at climbing trees implied that he wouldn’t be able to reach a safe height. At this moment, the last choice appeared in his mind, one which might be his last beacon of hope.

The train of thoughts almost flashed in Zhang Tie’s mind within 0.1 second. Within such a short period, Zhang Tie had already determined his final plan to escape. If it were the others, 90% of them would choose to escape towards the direction of Wild Wolf Castle, where it was populated, dreaming about a slight chance of surviving against the pursuit of the wolves; however, Zhang Tie realized that this choice would not work for him—if he chose this option, he would die within fifty seconds. The other 10% would just escape without knowing the direction, as they just wanted to stay away from those wolves, resulting in most of them dying even faster than the other 90% who would die within fifty seconds. Zhang Tie didn’t choose this option either. Instead, he chose to rapidly run towards a specific place for the last beacon of hope...

Certainly, it was not enough to just escape. He would never give up, not even losing a bit of hope. As an adolescent with great ambitions in the new age, he could not follow the masses and just wait for death; therefore, the moment he turned around to escape, Zhang Tie used all his efforts to shriek loudly, creating a really terrifying shriek.

“Help...”

Such a voice shocked numerous birds in the valley, causing them all to fly away...

After such a high-pitched shriek, Zhang Tie used all of his strength to run, closely followed by the seven red-eyed wild wolves. They gradually narrowed the distance between them and Zhang Tie.

……

As expected, the last “help” was heard by more than thirty male and female students who were roasting meat on the top of a hill more than three hundred meters away. In a split second, they hurriedly took up their weapons and ran out of the woods. One of them was that red-haired beauty who had previously kicked Zhang Tie. From the top of the hill, they witnessed the “final seconds” of Zhang Tie in this world...

The wolves had finally caught up with Zhang Tie, and some of them charged at him, yet their attacks were avoided by him. As if he had an eye on the back of his head, the moment a wolf jumped into the air towards him, he would swiftly move to the side while raising his dagger and slashing the stomach of the wolf. Another wolf charged at him, yet its lower jaw was ferociously smashed by a hoe, causing it to give a miserable howl that was even more high-pitched than Zhang Tie’s “help” that had drifted to their ears. Meanwhile, another wolf had already fiercely bitten Zhang Tie’s shin, pulling him down onto the ground. As the other wolves pounced towards him, the youth instantly stabbed out his dagger at the wolf that was biting his shin. Pulling away the wolf using one hand, he jumped into a jet black hole beside him...

The decisiveness and braveness of Zhang Tie’s “final seconds” deeply shocked those boys and girls who stood on the top of the hill. Seeing Zhang Tie jumping into that bottomless hole, tears began to drip from the faces of many girls. Among them, only Kristine could recognize that boy who was fighting wolves using his hoe.

Perhaps I shouldn’t have kicked him while we were in the square even though he had thought about doing that with me in his mind...

Thinking about this, Kristine slightly felt guilty. As a breeze blew over her face, the girl suddenly felt a slight chill on her face...

For the commoners, they were in an age where youth was as short as the morning dew, while life was as short as a straw.



* * *





Chapter 84




Rolling into that jet-black hole, Zhang Tie quickly pulled out the dagger that had been stabbed in the wolf and stabbed it again. Within a short span of time, he had already stabbed that wolf’s heart and stomach four times before finally feeling the jaw of the wolf who had bit his shin completely lose its strength.

At this moment, he had completely forgotten the injury on his shin. Raising his head, he kept his eyes fixed on the constantly narrowing space ahead… As one of the deepest cave left by the Gold-Eating Boas in Wild Wolf Valley, this was a bottomless pitch-dark hole with a diameter greater than three meters and was also the only chance for Zhang Tie to survive the attack of the wolves.

Being closely chased by seven wolves, Zhang Tie could only survive by doing two actions. The first action he had to take was to jump into the hole before being caught by the wolves within 20 seconds, which he finally successfully accomplished despite being injured. The second action depended on luck; if this cave completely led to the ground without any obstructions, then he would fall to the ground and die miserably—though, that would still be better than turning into wolf sh*t.

Zhang Tie was betting his life in this wager; however, he did have two assumptions on which he based his actions on. The first assumption was that Gold-Eating Boas would not be that silly to drill a hole like a well, which directly led to the ground, and would always have curved paths, thus Zhang Tie thought that as long as there were any curved sections in the hole that did not lead to the ground, then he would be able to save himself.

The second assumption was that the wolves would not follow him and jump into this pitch black hollow. Zhang Tie was right with this assumption, though the wolves did linger around the mouth of the hole for quite a while. From this point forward, Zhang Tie would have to rely on his first assumption—whether the first turn would appear before Zhang Tie fell to the ground and died a miserable death.

Zhang Tie dropped at a fast speed together with the wolf. By the time he had stabbed the wolf four times, the tunnel had already become completely dark since the sunlight could no longer reach inside.

Zhang Tie and the wolf continued to fall inside that cave...

Even Zhang Tie himself didn’t know why he was currently extremely calm despite the critical situation. Although he was also afraid of death, Zhang Tie currently felt no emotions and was precisely like a machine that was calculating and outputting data… Interestingly enough, at that moment, Zhang Tie was not thinking about life or death, but rather right or wrong...

At this moment, when Zhang Tie raised his head to look at the mouth of the tunnel from within, he had already calculated within 0.1 seconds that he was just 10-15 away from it, meaning that he had already been falling inside the hole for 1-2 seconds. He even thought of the formula he had learned at school: D=D’(2t-1), where D is the distance he had fell in the cave and D’ was the free falling distance within the first second, which was 5m on the Kun’ang Continent. Using this formula, Zhang Tie could easily calculate the time which was safe to land. He would fall 5 meters in the first second, 15 meters in the next second, 25 meters in the third second, and 35 meters in the fourth second. He gave up calculating the falling distance for the fifth second. Even if there was a turn or a slope less than 90° after four seconds, on the premise that his bones were not as hard as stones, he would definitely become heavily wounded or die the moment he hit the ground or the walls inside.

“Will I be the first person to die during this survival training? I’m still a virgin, f*ck!”

A thought flashed by in his mind. Zhang Tie, who was free falling, used his feet to clamp onto the wild wolf that was under him, using it as a cushion, and tightly clasped the hoe...

Zhang Tie’s fate depended on the next three seconds. Although three seconds would pass by very fast for someone else, for Zhang Tie, three seconds would feel as long as thirty seconds when he concentrated his spiritual energy.

As a matter of fact, god didn’t abandon Zhang Tie. Between the third second and the fourth second after he had fallen in—to be precise, right after the third second—that critical turn finally arrived, and the inclination became about 70 to 80 degrees. Certainly, Zhang Tie had no time to measure the concrete inclination. As he fell, when Zhang Tie felt the wild wolf beneath him hit something, he instinctively stabbed the hoe into the rocks, causing the sparks flying from the friction between the hoe and the rocks to illuminate Zhang Tie’s serious face, one which showed his desire to survive. He felt as if his arms were breaking, but he also felt his speed decreasing. Finally, his legs hit a surface. To soften the impact, he instantly began to roll along the steep walls like a ball of meatball, rolling times within a short span of time.

Even Zhang Tie himself did not know how long he had been in the darkness. His body continued to roll several times and collided with many things before finally a huge collision came, causing Zhang Tie’s consciousness to fade into darkness.

……

When Zhang Tie lost consciousness, the news of a black-haired miner being attacked to death by seven wild wolves 3.5km away from Wild Wolf Castle had already spread and shocked many people.

The news was first brought back to Wild Wolf Castle by the students who had witnessed Zhang Tie’s “heroic” actions before he jumped into the deep hole. Hearing the news, everyone in Wild Wolf Castle was shocked.

……

“I heard that a male student was bitten to death by wolves...”

“That’s right! But I heard he was really brave and had killed three wolves before being killed!”

“Where were his partners? Which team did he belong to? How could a brave male student like him face those wild beasts alone?”

“He’s alone and did not belong to any team. I heard he’s a black-haired miner”

“What a pity...”

In a room with many girls in the inner castle of Wild Wolf Castle, two female students were talking about the event that had transpired. Without paying too much attention to their surroundings, one of the two girls described the guy who was killed by the wolves as a “black-haired miner”. Hearing her words, a girl who was quietly eating dried rations in a corner of the room suddenly became stiff all over. Then, along with her pearl-like tears, the dried rations fell from her hands, and she lowered her head as she hugged her knees as tightly as she could before finally hiding in a dark corner in the room.

“Pandora, could you not stay in the corner all day and scare everyone? If you like that corner that much, why not directly move your quilt over or just move out of this room? That way, we wouldn’t have to stay with a hapless woman like you...”

“That’s right! How could we be so unlucky to have been assigned to stay with this unlucky star? These past few days when I went out to search for wild vegetables, I was almost bitten by a poisonous snake...” Another two girls entered the room and began to fiercely curse the moment they saw the figure in the corner, not caring in the least about how that girl in the corner felt.

Hearing their criticism, Pandora, the curled up figure in the corner, didn’t utter a single word. She simply just stretched out her hand from the shadow and picked up the tear-stained dried ration on the ground and continued to eat it silently...

……

As for the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, it was time for supper, yet they realized that Zhang Tie had not yet returned. After waiting for him for a while, they started to realize that something bad had happened to Zhang Tie, thus while two of them remained to keep watch of the tree base, Barley, Leit, Doug, and Bagdad left the tree base. Agreeing with Leit’s suggestion, they lit torches and began to search for Zhang Tie along the route he usually took when walking to the mine while Doug, who carried the terrifying machine bow, walked at the front. About halfway to the mine and about several hundred meters from where Zhang Tie had encountered the seven wolves, they saw many jumping lights, as many people were gathered there with burning torches, causing them to stare at each other in confusion. Barley’s group of four rushed over and pulled one of the student’s hand, asking about what was happening.

“Haven’t you heard the news?” that male student even curiously asked Barley.

“What news?”

“In the evening, a student who did mining work was mauled by seven wild wolves to death. He was a really great guy. It’s said that he had killed three wild wolves before being killed...”

Hearing this news, the faces of the group of Barley instantly turned pale. Thinking that Zhang Tie was not powerful enough to kill three wolves at once, Barley asked in a quivering voice, “Do you know that miner’s name?”

“The castle officials had verified it just now. He’s a Chinese student called Zhang Tie!”

“Bighead...” Doug growled like a wolf as he rushed towards the most crowded place with the most burning torches. In his opinion, Zhang Tie’s corpse must have been too horrible to see.

When the four of them rushed ahead with red eyes, they gaped at the scene as the site was surrounded by a group of on-duty students who were wearing red armbands with torches in hand. Nobody was allowed to get any closer, but through the crowd, they were able to see a terrifying, jet-black hole and the corpse of two wild wolves. Several teachers were standing over there, discussing something, while Zhang Tie’s corpse could not be seen.

“Zhang Tie, Zhang Tie, he’s our brother. We want to see him!” Barley shouted...

“Quiet, I heard Zhang Tie already rolled into the hole with a wolf. Captain Kerlin and the other teachers were talking about how to scoop him out of there...” a student who was responsible for keeping order and protecting the scene warned them.

“Bighead fell into that hole...” Seeing that terrifying hole, a slight bit of hope could be seen shimmering in the eyes of Barley and Doug...

“Mr. Zerom...” Seeing a teacher coming over here, many on-duty students greeted him. Nodding towards them, the teacher entered the site and walked towards several teachers from the Temporary Supervision Committee and Captain Kerlin...



* * *





Chapter 85




Mr. Zerom passed by the students and walked towards the other teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee. As casualties would happen every year during the survival training, the Temporary Supervision Committee, despite being the ones to organize the survival training, were not responsible for any student casualties; however, they were expected to give a reasonable explanation to the student’s school as well as to the student’s parents. All seven teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee were expected to report on that incident. Although the report was systematic, it was also very necessary. After all, it was a matter of life. Although the teachers and coaches didn’t have to take responsibility for it, they should at the very least clearly explain to the parents how their child had died.

After receiving the news about Zhang Tie in Wild Wolf Castle, Captain Kerlin, Mr. Zerom, and the other five teachers and coaches soon arrived at where Zhang Tie had encountered the attack; they had come to to investigate what had happened.

Mr. Zerom was the best among them at drawing information from trivial clues. Walking along the path between where Zhang Tie had dropped his basket and the jet-black hole twice, he had even lowered his body by the patch of grass, the place where the wild wolves had set ambush, for a short while before returning to the other members of the Temporary Supervision Committee with a strange look on his face.

“How is it, Zerom?” Captain Kerlin’s face was slightly dark. He remembered that Zhang Tie was one of the rare students among the undergraduates who were able to impress him. He would never have thought that it would have been Zhang Tie who was attacked by the wolves. This really made him depressed, as what happened to Zhang Tie reminded him of those days when his comrades-in-arms and friends left the mortal world during a battle.

“That is terrifying, really terrifying...” Mr. Zerom looked very solemn.

“Certainly. For someone to encounter such an incident, it is truly terrifying. These kinds of incidents have not occurred in more than a decade within the area 5 km from Wild Wolf Castle. As the guards from the castle always swept the areas near the castle, the wolves had become too afraid to appear at all. Nobody knows why a group of wolves would suddenly appear in an area so close to the castle.” At the sight of the two corpses of wolves on the ground, a female teacher slightly shook her head and sighed. “What a pity! Judging from the wounds on the bodies of the wild wolves and what the students who saw the fight had said, this student called Zhang Tie should be quite formidable if he didn’t die. From his braveness, his decisiveness, and his intelligence, Zhang Tie should already be among the best of those at his age...”

“I didn’t mean this incident is terrifying. I meant that the student called Zhang Tie is terrifying...” Zerom shook his head. Hearing his comments, all the other teachers looked over at Zerom.

“What do you mean by that student is terrifying?” one teacher asked.

Zerom replied with a slight smile. Then, he turned around and talked to Captain Kerlin. “How did this student usually perform at school? Was he one of the recommended students from your school?”

“He was pretty normal at school and had no outstanding performance during the past three years. He was only a bit smart and had a good temperament...” Slightly frowning, although Captain Kerlin did not like the way Zerom spoke, he still answered truthfully and added, “Oh, I almost forgot. This guy was also good at escaping and bringing benefits to himself. As for the recommended students, everybody at school had a good impression of Glaze and Burwick. Currently, Zhang Tie hasn’t yet been qualified to be recommended. Zerom, why are you asking this? What do you mean by Zhang Tie is terrifying?”

“He’s not worth your recommendation?” Zerom looked in surprise at Captain Kerlin and smiled. “Such an excellent student, yet you don't have a favorable impression of him? After surveying the route from the patch of grass over there to this black hole, I have done some mental calculations. Do you guys know what I have discovered?”

“What?”

“In order to save his own life, that student had already decided to jump into this black hole the moment he saw the seven wild wolves drilling out of the grass.”

“Is that very special?” a teacher dubiously asked. “I didn’t see anything out of place over there. If he knows he’s weak, isn’t it just a human’s natural instinct to run away from wild wolves?”

“Of course it’s strange...” Zerom solemnly replied. “It’s true that it’s human instinct to run when confronted with danger; however, what makes it terrifying is knowing how to escape in face of danger. This black hole is about 200 meters away from where he had encountered the wolves, and it is also the only place within the area where he would have a chance to escape from the wolves. In most cases, people would choose to run towards Wild Wolf Castle or to any other populated areas, but this guy escaped towards this black hole, which is the best path of survival for him. That’s why I said he was terrifying. The moment he began to escape, he had already calculated the various possibilities of survival in every direction and had even calculated the time he had before he would be caught by the wolves and the distance he could run within that time...”

Seeing as how some of the members of the Temporary Supervision Committee were still confused about what he had said, Zerom drew a point on the ground using a twig. “Let’s use this point as the place where Zhang Tie had encountered the wolves...” Surrounding that point, Zerom drew a circle. “This circle represents the farthest he can get before he would be caught by the wolves. It’s about 200m...” After he finished drawing the circle, Zerom marked a spot on the edge of the circle. “And this is the position of the black hole, which is also where we currently are. The only place he could escape from those wolves is precisely this point. If it were any other point within the circle, that guy would have been torn apart by the wolves. That’s why I said this student called Zhang Tie is terrifying. For him to be able to precisely choose his best route of survival among thousands of choices before the wolves began their chase—that is truly terrifying!”

This time, everybody understood. Looking at the two points on the ground, everybody became slightly shocked. Like Zerom had said, starting from the center point, there were many places where one could run to escape from the pursuing wolves. Thankfully, the route Zhang Tie had chosen was the only one with a little hope.

“What if… it was a coincidence?” a teacher asked in doubt after hesitating. To make such a precise judgement at such a critical moment, let alone students, even teachers couldn’t do it.

“Don’t forget, the students mentioned that the guy had brought a hoe with him when he was escaping...”

“Is that special? Isn’t it just human instinct to pull out a weapon when chased by wolves?”

“His weapon was a dagger, not a hoe. Using a hoe would slow him down when he’s escaping, so the only reason for the hoe was to look for an opportunity when he jumped into the dark hole. Since the hole was dug by a Gold-Eating Boa, they would not lead straight to the ground. Once he finds a slope that’s not too sleep, he would be able to use the hoe to slow down his falling speed...”

“So you’re saying, Zhang Tie might still be alive?” Captain Kerlin curiously opened his mouth and looked at the black hole before turning back to Zerom.

“In my memory, guys like him are hard to kill, and their resilience is usually greater than a cockroach’s!”

“I want to go inside!” Captain Kerlin said.

“I will accompany you when the rope is sent here from the castle...” Rubbing his jaw with one hand, Zerom was filled with curiosity about the guy called Zhang Tie. It was rare to see a student be able to calmly make precise decisions in such dire moments.

Carried by more than twenty students and on-duty teachers, the ropes from Wild Wolf Castle soon arrived. The ropes were all standard reinforced ones purchased from Blackhot City’s military. They were as broad as an adult’s thumb, were resistant to wear and tear, and had a good grip. It was not a problem to use this rope to lift things that were heavier than 2 tons. After tying all the ropes together, it measured to be more than 400 m in length.

“These are the longest ropes that could be bought in Wild Wolf Castle. However, as no one knows how deep these Gold-Eating Boas’ holes are, if we cannot find him even after using all the rope, then we will have to give up!” Zerom looked at Captain Kerlin.

Captain Kerlin nodded. “If it’s as you say, then we can only blame that guy’s bad luck. We will just have to try out best to find him. If we don’t go inside to take a look, it won’t be good for our conscience either.”

After fastening one end of the rope onto a rock that was as tall as a person and more than 20 meters away from the mouth of the hole, Captain Kerlin and Zerom both tied the other end of the rope on themselves and took a green fluorite bar and jumped into the black hole one after the other...

Facing a bottomless hole dug by a Gold-Eating Boa, not even Captain Kerlin and Zerom dared to make a mistake.

Seeing them jumping into the hole one after the other, the onlooking students exclaimed...

By the time they were 20 meters deep, they could only rely on their fluorite bars. Holding onto the advanced fluorite bar, Zerom gazed at the walls on the interior. At the first turn, Zerom became spirited and pointed at the fresh marks on the wall. Marks created by a hoe could be easily seen among the swirl marks left by the Gold-Eating Boas.

“This is where the hoes have touched. Look here, these marks were made from falling over here. That guy called Zhang Tie really used a hoe to escape. He’s really smart...” After approving of his own deduction, Zerom’s eyes became spirited and he became more interested in Zhang Tie.

Captain Kerlin was also extremely excited. He could have never thought that Zhang Tie was not only good at talking, but also really good at escaping.

At the sight of the marks left by Zhang Tie using his hoes, the two continued to slide downwards along the rope. On the way, they had seen the marks left by Zhang Tie many times; some were deep, others were shallow, but they were all as fresh as new road marks. Although there were split paths in the hole, they could still find the right direction by using the fresh marks on the walls...

People at the mouth of the hole could not clearly see what was happening inside. They could only see the rope gradually disappearing like a strand of noodle in the huge black hole, section by section. 20m, 30m, 50m, 80m, 100m, 120m, 150m, 170m...

As the rope fell, the people who stood at the mouth of the hole became increasingly worried for Zhang Tie’s life, as he had fallen to such a depth.

Thankfully, the rope finally stopped after falling 190m. After several minutes, as was agreed in advance, Captain Kerlin and Zerom forcefully tugged the rope three consecutive times. Feeling that, the people at the mouth of the hole started to pull the rope together. Compared to the slow descent of the rope, they were pulled up much faster than before, especially because high-level fighters like Captain Kerlin and Zerom were able to easily climb up by stepping on the protrusions on the walls...

Several minutes later, before the other end of the rope was pulled out, a long exclamation drifted from within the hollow, followed by Captain Kerlin and Zerom flying out of the hole like two huge birds. The moment Captain Kerlin reached the ground, everybody shot their eyes on the figure bound on Captain Kerlin’s back.

“Zhang Tie is still alive. He’s just passed out...”

Hearing Captain Kerlin’s thrilled exclamation, the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood in the crowd almost jumped, and every onlooker cheered. For everyone present, this really was a miracle. If they hadn’t witnessed it first hand, they would never believe that a person who fell into the jet-black hole would still be alive. That guy was truly more resilient than a cockroach...

“Pah!” Zerom tossed the corpse of the wild wolf and Zhang Tie’s hoe onto the ground. At the sight of them, the onlookers were really shocked. Not only was that guy more resilient than a cockroach, he seemed to be very strong as well, as he was able to kill three wolves at once ...

At the sight of that dead wolf that was as soft as a kid’s toy on the ground, Zerom rubbed his chin, realizing that Zhang Tie was even sharper than he had initially thought. Not only did he think of using the hoe to save himself as he fell down the hole, he also thought of using the dead wolf’s body as a cushion to lessen the impact. If it were not for the corpse of the wolf, Zhang Tie would definitely have broken a few bones. Currently, with the exception of a few bruises and wounds on his legs and the other part of his body, there were no other injuries. That was definitely a miracle. It was rare to see such a student...

As everyone was cheering, the faces of two people who stood at the edge of the crowd turned pale as they stealthily left when they heard that Zhang Tie was fine.

As Zhang Tie had still suffered from some bruises and wounds and was unconscious, Captain Kerlin decided to take Zhang Tie back to Wild Wolf Castle.

Everything Captain Kerlin had seen in the hole had given him a favorable impression of Zhang Tie. He realized that if he were the one who jumped into the hole at Zhang Tie’s age, then he would definitely have died. Thankfully, that guy even thought of bringing a hoe with him when he escaped. If it wasn’t for the hoe, which helped him slow down his falling speed, then at the slope 100m deep, all of his bones would most likely have shattered, leaving no complete bone.

The moment they brought Zhang Tie out of the hole and declared that he was still alive, Zerom had silently observed the people at the edge of the encompassing crowd. Finally, as the other students cheered, he saw two people silently leave the crowd. Narrowing his eyes, Zerom burned the figures of the two individuals into his mind...

……

Half an hour later at a place far away from the location of the incident, Glaze’s group were settled in their mountain cave. Upon hearing Zuhair and Garner’s report, everybody became still like wooden chickens.

“You’re saying that Zhang Tie is still alive? How could that be!? Even if those wild wolves didn’t kill him, he definitely should have died after jumping into that pitch black hole that is several hundred meters in depth! Is he made of iron? How could he still be alive?” Sharon uttered.

“Everyone saw Captain Kerlin and Zerom bring Zhang Tie back and place him on the ground. They had tied a rope on themselves and lowered themselves about 200m before they were able to find Zhang Tie and pull him out of there...” As he said this, even Zuhair sighed. “That fellow’s luck is really too good. How could he have survived from falling in such a deep hole?”

“F*ck!” Thinking of the vast amount of effort he had spent to set the trap and the fact that Zhang Tie was still alive, Glaze became infuriated. “Zuhair, please tell me, what should I do now? Is there any other way to kill him?”

Hearing Glaze’s words, Zuhair’s face slightly turned pale. “This incident has already gotten the attention of the Temporary Supervision Committee. If what we have done is known by the others, we will all be dealt a severe punishment. Not to mention that I feel like Zerom, the guy who was responsible for investigating the scene, has already noticed something amiss. If we were to continue to set up Zhang Tie again, I’m afraid it would too be too risky...”

“You’re saying we should call it an end?” Glaze asked with wide opened eyes. Whenever Glaze thought about how he had been set up by Zhang Tie twice, he would always feel as if that was the greatest shame in his entire life.

“We will have to temporarily call it an end. Right now, there’s too much attention on Zhang Tie, not to mention we did this to teach him a lesson. When you reach LV 3 and acquire the recommendation from the school, it still won’t be too late. We will think of a way to deal with him when we return to Blackhot City. If we keep trying now, we will be putting ourselves in great danger!”

No matter how unwilling Glaze was, he had no choice but to agree with Zuhair’s suggestion. “Okay, let him alive a few more days. When we return to Blackhot City, we will think of another way to deal with him...”

Realizing that Zhang Tie would not be as easily killed as he thought, Glaze began to feel a little fear towards him.

“Thankfully, Zhang Tie could never match my strength,” Glaze comforted himself. “Dad is right. In the secular world, people are always respected by their strength and fist. If I have an overwhelming strength that can beat him to the point of despair, then I can deal with him with whatever means I want in the future.”



* * *





Chapter 86




Feeling a slight itch on his shin, Zhang Tie finally woke up. Opening his eyes, the first thing Zhang Tie saw was an aged green stone roof. After thinking for a while, he remembered what had happened to him.

Wolves… black hole… endless rolling inside the hole, and that huge shock that made him lose his consciousness.

“Am I still alive?” Zhang Tie pinched his face and felt pain. He then touched all over his body, from his toes to his head, and had found nothing amiss, even his p*nis was completely fine. With the exception of many bruises and wounds, which were not very severe, he was completely fine.

“Haha...” Sitting on the bed, Zhang Tie burst out into laughter.

Hearing his laughter in the quiet house, the door to the room was pushed open as a man fiercely rushed in. “Bighead, you’re awake! That’s great! Haha!”

The person who rushed in immediately pressed Zhang Tie back onto the bed, causing Zhang Tie to shriek due to feeling a sharp pain on his shin. “Ah! Scumbag, my leg! You’re pressing down on my leg…”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s shriek, Doug hurriedly moved his hand away from Zhang Tie’s leg and stood to the side. Scratching his head like a fool, Doug apologized, “Hey, hey, I’m sorry. I forgot that your shin was injured...”

With just a small amount of effort, Zhang Tie’s forehead was already covered in sweat as his face twitched due to the pain. After taking in two deep breaths, he felt much better. “Where am I? Why am I here?”

“We are in the outer castle of Wild Wolf Castle. That day when you fell into the hole, Captain Kerlin and Mr. Zerom went to get you out of the hole on the same evening. You are really lucky. I heard that 30m deep, there were several long slopes, and there were even some slopes that led people 200m deep in. Only after Captain Kerlin and Zerom went 200m deep were they able to find you. When they found you, you were wounded and in a coma, so they sent you here to receive treatment and to recuperate. Only those who were heavily injured and lost their ability to move could enjoy the treatment you’re receiving right now...” Doug couldn’t help pour out what had happened in the past two days.

Only those heavily injured could enjoy such treatment? Zhang Tie looked around, only to find an extremely large room that had more than 10 beds with clean sheets; it seemed like a ward. There was also the smell of disinfectant in this room. Judging from this, Zhang Tie realized that it truly was a ward, one which was occupied by the wounded people in the outer castle of Wild Wolf Castle.

“How long have I been in a coma for?”

“Including the evening from two days ago and yesterday, you’ve been asleep for two days!”

“I’ve been in a coma for two days?” Zhang Tie was surprised when he heard Doug’s reply. “Oh, who’s that Mr. Zerom guy?”

“Yeah, you’ve been in a coma for two days already. That Zerom fellow is responsible for Second National Male Middle School. You should have an impression of him. He’s skinny, pale, and looks cunning.” As Doug continued to speak, Zhang Tie had already caught sight of a “skinny, pale guy who looks cunning” entering through the door.

Zhang Tie hurriedly signaled Doug with his eyes that someone had entered the room and had even pulled on his clothes in an attempt to signal him; however, as Doug was always stupid in these critical moments, he didn’t understand even a bit of what Zhang Tie was trying to say. Instead, he had even asked:

“Why are you pulling me? I didn’t say anything wrong. I really mean it. That Zerom guy really does look like cunning, and when he smiles, it gives everyone a creepy feeling...”

“If you’re trying to say that I look cunning, then, I can understand that you’re jealous of my handsome face, but if you’re trying to say I’m cunning, then my only understanding is that you’re trying to slander a member of the Temporary Supervision Committee!” As he said this, Zerom entered the room.

Zhang Tie helplessly greeted, “Mr. Zerom!”

Hearing those words, Doug’s face turned pale. After sending Zhang Tie a reprimanding look, he stiffly turned around and staggered, “Mr. Ze… Zerom!”

“You’re Doug, right? Can you tell me… when the Andaman Alliance’s wartime decree is active, how are those who slanders the members of the Wartime Management Committee dealt with?” Zerom showed a very cunning smile.

Hearing Zerom’s question. Doug’s body trembled all over. If he was holding a winnowing fan, he would have already finished screening the wheat bran[1]. His jaw was shaking so much that his teeth would often hit each other. In times when the Andaman Alliance’s wartime decree was active, anyone who slandered a member of the Wartime Management Committee would be punished with at least being sent behind bars, with the worst punishment being the death penalty.

Zhang Tie was also scared to the point where his face turned pale. “Mr Zerom, Doug he…”

As he walked towards them, Zerom stopped by Doug and kicked him on the butt, sending him away. “This is my punishment for you…”

Doug, at this moment, became docile. After being kicked, he immediately ran out the door and turned his head towards Zhang Tie as he grimaced before escaping as fast as he could and soon disappeared.

Zerom was not a bad person; that was Zhang Tie’s first impression of him. In general, those teachers who would kick their student’s butt as a joke were always not a bad person inside.

“Thank you, Mr. Zerom. Doug just told me about what had happened after I fell into a coma. I was just about to go and thank you!” Zhang Tie said as he tried getting off the bed.

“It’s fine, you don’t need to move. You still need to rest your leg for another two days. Also, there’s no need to thank me. If too many students die during the survival training, then we teachers will lose face!” Zerom casually moved his hand towards Zhang Tie to stop him from getting off the bed before taking a seat beside Zhang Tie. “That’s right, that day, how did you decide to jump into that hole to survive? In that scenario, the choice most people would choose would be different than yours. Not to mention that hole was deep. In order to jump into that hole, the amount of courage needed would be no less than facing the seven wolves alone. Since the unknown makes people terrified, that bottomless hole would be terrifying even for people who are stronger than you. Even they would not dare to jump in.”

Hearing Zerom’s question, Zhang Tie felt a little embarrassed and began to scratch his head as he poured out his thought process during the escape. “I also don’t know why either, but that day when I saw the wolves drill out from the grass and charged at me, that’s what I thought. I knew my only hope of survival was that hole. I knew that my life would be determined in the next 20 seconds. At that time, I knew that if I ran to any other direction, I would have been killed. That’s what I thought, and that’s why I did that. Is there a problem, Mr. Zerom?”

“No, you did pretty well and nobody else could do better than you at that moment...” Zerom was at a loss of words. With a smile, he then said, “Earlier, I was just wondering how you were able to think of such an amazing and precise move in such a short period of time. Now I understand. It seems to be one of your talents, one which allows you to remain calm and make precise decisions in face of danger...”

“That’s also considered talent?” Zhang Tie became a little embarrassed, as he assumed that it was related to the marvelous tree. Miss Daina had once said that people’s thoughts also consumed the body’s energy, so in that case, he was able to remain calm and didn’t have any other distracting thoughts because all the distracting thoughts at that moment were routed to that small tree. Zhang Tie was also curious at this moment, as he did not realize that he had this talent before.

Certainly, Zerom didn’t know what Zhang Tie was really thinking at this moment. He simply responded to Zhang Tie’s question in a serious matter, “Of course. More than 99% of people in your situation would not be as calm as you. They wouldn’t be able to make such a precise and sharp decision in face of danger. Earlier, Kerlin had said that you were good at escaping. It seems that you truly are the best at escaping...”

Facing such weird praise, Zhang Tie could only force a smile. Meanwhile, he remembered that guy who was responsible for collecting mining ores. Did all the guys from Second National Male Middle School learn this weird way of talking from Zerom?

“Oh, have you ignited your Shrine burning point yet?”

“Yea, I have ignited it three days ago!”

Since what he had done to the wolves had surpassed the limit of any Lv 0 fighter, who would not be able to kill three wolves at once, it was no longer a secret. If he continued to tell a lie at this point, he would just be too foolish. Many great guys have already stood out during the survival training, and even several girls have ignited their Shrine burning point. For Zhang Tie to release the news that he has also ignited his Shrine burning point, it wouldn’t catch too much attention.

Sure enough, hearing Zhang Tie’s response, Zerom showed an expression that seemed to say it was expected. Without asking too many questions, he only encouraged Zhang Tie to diligently continue to cultivate before moving on to the next subject.

“Wolves are a type of very smart animal. A lone wolf might extend to populated areas to hunt preys or just to wander around, but a pack of wolves would rarely be seen here, as it would be very dangerous for them to do so. It’s also possible for a single wolf to be insane, but it’s impossible for a pack of wolves to be insane. In the past decade or so, after the exterminating operation from the guards of Wild Wolf Castle, packs of wild wolves were rarely seen. In the incident that you encountered, there was no other evidence found, so the Temporary Supervision Committee concluded that it was just an unexpected incident. However, you should understand what I’m trying to tell you!” Although Zerom didn’t explicitly say it and only implied it, Zhang Tie was still able to grasp the meaning behind his words.

“Teacher, are you trying to say someone set me up?” The look on Zhang Tie’s face changed again.

“That’s not what I said. I only said that this attack was very unnatural, and there might be someone behind it. I like smart students and I have a good impression of you, so I wanted to give you a warning. You should take care of yourself and try not to move alone for the remainder of the survival training!” Zerom straightforwardly put it.

“Are there people who could control packs of wolves?” Zhang Tie showed an amazed look.

At the sight of Zhang Tie’s amazed look, Zerom only showed a slight smile. “It’s not difficult to control a pack of wolves. If you can meet an beast tamer or one of the wild guards of the Guardian God School, you will find that it is pretty easy for them to control animals. They could even easily control a pack of wolves and could also determine where they will appear, when they will appear, and which people they will attack. Things like this are not uncommon in this world...”

……

After Zerom left, Zhang Tie began to deeply reflect over their conversation. Although his last words were an implication, Zhang Tie realized that he was obviously telling Zhang Tie to be careful. After thinking for quite a while, with the exception of Glaze’s group, he couldn’t think of anyone else who would set him up. Were they the culprits?

After Zerom left, Doug stealthily returned again. From Doug’s tone, Zhang Tie realized that the three wolves he had killed made him greatly valuable in the eyes of the others...

[1] Winnowing fan was used in processing grains. Specifically, using the winnowing fan, separates the grain from the chaff. More information is available on Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winnowing



* * *





Chapter 87




After dealing with the corpses of the three wolves, while Zhang Tie recuperated in the ward, the Hit-Plane Brotherhood got to experience the pleasures of being rich. Barley exchanged the 100-odd kg of wolf meat for 40 kg of dried rations and 20 kg of dried meat.

Wolf meat, fresh wolf meat especially, was very popular among male students. According to the “market price” in the square of Wild Wolf Castle, 1 kg of fresh wolf meat could be exchanged for 1 kg of dried rations or 3 kg of dried meat from other people. For those who were able to acquire dried rations and other types of food that were not meat, they were very much willing to do business, as such business could benefit both sides. One side could acquire some fresh meat, while the other side could get dried rations, which could be easily preserved.

In addition to food, the three wolf hides could, under the evaluation of Barley, be sold. Although one of the wolf hides was in poor condition, the other two could sell for at least 20 silver coins. With this amount of money, they had half of the total amount needed for Zhang Tie’s circumcision.

60 kg of food and 20 silver coins was the “wealth” that Zhang Tie had accidentally acquired almost at the expense of his life. The other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood insisted for Zhang Tie to take it; however, Zhang Tie decided to leave half of the food to be shared among the Hit-Plane Brotherhood. Hearing Zhang Tie’s intention, the guys all shook their heads as fast as possible.

“Bighead, you risked your life to get this food. How could we even be in the mood to eat it...” Barley said.

“Right, if we ate it, it won’t bode well for our conscience!” Leit added.

“Yea, eating it would be like eating your flesh. It would be too miserable!” Doug also replied.

Seeing everybody nod, Zhang Tie decided to not talk about food anymore. Additionally, as he had expected, the fact regarding him already having ignited his Shrine burning point didn’t have too much of an effect.

After learning that Zhang Tie had ignited his Shrine burning point when he visited Zhang Tie at the hospital, Bagdad ferociously patted Zhang Tie’s shoulder before grabbing onto his shoulders and heavily shook him. “This rascal! I never thought that the first person to ignite their Shrine burning point in the Hit-Plane Brotherhood would be you! It should’ve been me who broke that record. You are truly too excessive. Not only did you ignite your Shrine burning point, but you even hid that fact afterwards!”

“I’m afraid the shock would hurt your innocent and fragile souls, making you lose hope to continue living. Look, I did this all for you...” Zhang Tie said in an arrogant and comedic way.

“Qie!” A row of middle fingers was raised in front of Zhang Tie.

“Oh right, how did you ignite your Shrine burning point so fast?” Leit asked.

“Don’t you know that we Chinese can always ignite the Shrine burning point faster than you?” Many Chinese people could truly ignite their Shrine burning point faster than the other human races. Take Zhang Tie’s dead eldest brother, Zhang Yong, and Zhang Tie’s second brother, Zhang Yang, as an example. They had both ignited their Shrine burning point faster than the people from the other human race. Zhang Tie was born a Chinese, which meant that he could ignite his Shrine burning point faster than the other human races; however, nobody knew that Zhang Tie had ignited his Shrine burning point by depending on Karma Fruit Tree, instead of his talent as a Chinese.

Hearing what Zhang Tie said, everyone understood, as they had heard of a saying which said that the Chinese clan was born with innately higher spiritual energy than the other clans in this age.

During the time he recuperated in the ward, Zhang Tie was able to enjoy his free time. As he lived in the same ward as two other patients, he felt that there was nothing else to do but to chat with them and walk around Wild Wolf Castle by using a crutch made of a tree branch.

At almost the same time as the wolf bit onto Zhang Tie’s shin, Zhang Tie had already stabbed the dagger into the wolf, thus the wolf had only left two medium-sized bite marks which were neither deep nor shallow. Although the wound wasn’t fatal and medicinal ointment had been applied, it would still take him at least a week to recover to his previous state.

During this period, Zhang Tie could only act like a cripple. Thankfully, he didn’t need to worry about eating and clothing, as the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood would send him a container full of fish soup every evening, saying it was good for his recovery. Seeing their actions, the two other guys in the ward began to admire him. They especially admired him because of the trap in the stream used to catch fish, which could catch several fish every day regardless of the weather.

In that case, Zhang Tie felt very relaxed and felt at ease to recuperate in the castle. Zhang Tie pulled over Barley and the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood and inquired about Glaze’s group, yet he didn’t find any special information. With the exception of Glaze still being forbidden to enter Wild Wolf Castle, Zuhair and the other members would occasionally go to Wild Wolf Castle to show off or exchange their prey for other things.

The attack of the wild wolves was like Zhang Tie’s bruises and wounds. Aside from leaving a mark on his heart, this incident was soon forgotten by the public.

During the survival training, there was a lot of news circulating, as there were many events happening in Wild Wolf Valley every day…

After going through this life and death situation, Zhang Tie had become more mature. Although the second Leakless Fruit had already ripened three days ago, Zhang Tie remained calm and didn’t eat it. In fact, he didn’t even spare a glance at the Castle of Black Iron, as he was currently in Wild Wolf Castle, making it inconvenient for him to move. Before the survival training had even started, he had considered the Castle of Black Iron to be something extremely important to him; however, after experiencing that life and death situation, the importance he attached to the Castle of Black Iron was not as much as he previously attached. He began to realize that there were many other things that were more important than the Castle of Black Iron. Sunshine, for example, was something that he learned the value of after having entered that pitch black hole. Without sunshine, plants would not be able to grow; without plants, animals would not be able to survive; and without animals and plants, human beings would not be able to survive either.

Although sunshine was precious and represented hope and life, it was still free.

Air was very precious, without which people would soon die within a couple minutes, yet air was free.

Water was very precious, without which most living beings would not be able to live on, yet water was also free in the wild.

Family bonds were precious; in fact, it was the most precious thing in the world, yet that was also free, as many people had been born with it.

Friendship was very precious and could spice up your life, making life more substantial, yet friendship was also free.

Love was very precious. As Hista had told him, love was the most beautiful thing in the world. The moment of ecstasy as a man and a woman seduced each other in order to make love was truly beautiful. As Zhang Tie had never done such a thing, he could only temporarily trust Hista.

Life was also the most precious thing in the world, and yet it was something given to him by his parents for free.

Zhang Tie realized that many things that could be bought were not too precious, while things that were truly precious could never be bought with money. Many people had ignored the precious things in their lives and were instead pursuing the things that could be bought with money. Once they found what was truly precious in their daily lives, they could truly be considered “rich”. Understanding this, Zhang Tie’s view of the world instantly expanded.

Every morning, after waking up, he would wash his face and brush his teeth. Afterwards, he could climb atop a small hill with the help of his crutch. Standing atop that small hill, he would inhale the fresh air as he did some simple exercises, pleasantly waiting for the first rays of sunshine to shine upon him. The feeling of being bathed in the first rays of sunshine brought people an euphoric sensation.

After welcoming the arrival of the first rays of sunshine, Zhang Tie returned using the crutch. He would casually bring some food and pick up some common rocks on the road before using them to occupy a small booth outside the gate of Wild Wolf Castle. Sitting in front of the booth, he would watch the beauties enter and leave the castle. Zhang Tie had discovered that there was a benefit of watching the beauties; it would speed up the circulation of his blood, which was beneficial to his recovery.

This was good for my recovery—Zhang Tie found himself a shameless excuse. Using this shameless excuse, every time he watched the beauties, he would end up using his “Right Hand Shame Covering Technique” as he put his right hand into his trouser pocket and pushed down on his restless p*nis while awkwardly escaping.

After watching the beauties, Zhang Tie would casually eat some lunch before having a luxurious nap. Upon waking up through the help of his biological clock, he would wander about the square filled with vitality and would look for Pandora in order to exchange for some wild fruits, which would be his snacks. With wild fruits in his mouth, he would visit the iron smelting workshop in Wild Wolf Castle to learn about craftsmanship and smelting iron and would watch the fellows there complete assembling a set of steam engines in the simple workshop.

For using charcoals to melt iron, the biggest problem was that the temperature of the burning charcoal was not high enough to melt iron ores in the crucible, and without sufficient heat, it would not be possible to obtain steel. Block iron smelting was commonly used. After mixing the iron ores and the charcoal together in the iron melting kiln, they would repetitively temper the iron blocks and push out the impurities from within. Due to the low amount of carbon content, wrought iron was soft and could not be directly used to be processed into tools without being carburized[1], which would allow them to obtain low-carbon steel. Although Zhang Tie had learned this knowledge at school, he still needed some time to proficiently put them into practice. These days, he had already been familiar with the group of craftsmen in the iron melting workshop. Sometimes, he even went there to help them wave the bar, which would blow air and thus making the fire more ferocious, or brought them some fruits in exchange for learning something. After a few days of learning, Zhang Tie found that he was now able to proficiently smelt iron and knew how to completely carburize wrought iron. This could be considered an accidental achievement!

For the past few days, as he was recuperating, Zhang Tie didn’t know that his survival from the attack of the wolves had left a good impression on Captain Kerlin, who was planning to give a truly good reward!

[1] Adding carbon to iron or steel to toughen the material



* * *





Chapter 88




The medicine applied to Zhang Tie’s legs was brought by Captain Kerlin. Every two days, Captain Kerlin would visit Zhang Tie and would drop off a small packet of medicinal powder, which was to be applied to his wounds. Unknown whether it was the effect of the powder or the small tree in the Castle of Black Iron, Zhang Tie discovered that the recovery of the wounds on his legs was truly fast. By the second time he applied the medicinal powder to his wounds, Zhang Tie already did not need to use a crutch to walk. Six days later, when he applied the medicinal powder for the third time, Zhang Tie was already able to run.

During Captain Kerlin’s third visit of bringing the medicinal powder, at the sight of the one-eyed man nodding as he squatted down to inspect the wounds on his legs, Zhang Tie knew that the number of days left in his vacation in Wild Wolf Castle was few. These past few days, Zhang Tie realized that the one-eyed man had been kinder to him. Sometimes, he would even casually chat with Zhang Tie, causing Zhang Tie to feel extremely flattered.

“After you apply the medicine on your wounds this time, you should be fine and can leave Wild Wolf Castle tomorrow. Don’t even think about pretending to be sick to stay here. You’re rather resilient, so if you pay a bit of attention and protect the wounds, then they will only scar!”

“Hmm, I know...” Zhang Tie sincerely looked at Captain Kerlin. “Captain Kerlin, I really have to thank you for taking care of me during this time. There’s an old Chinese saying—if you are given a drop of water, then you will repay with a spring. You have saved my life this time. This is something that I will definitely never forget!”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, Captain Kerlin slightly became stunned before showing a smile. “Boy, how do you think you could help me in your present condition? A LV 1 fighter like you is barely qualified to join the lowest level cannon fodder camps!”

“Although I am not able to help now, but that doesn’t mean I can’t in the future. Humans strive to keep improving themselves, step by step!” Zhang Tie calmly explained.

“Good, you have ambition!” Captain Kerlin encouraged him, “The ‘escape’ theory you explained in class gave me a good impression of you, but never would I have thought that you were this good at escaping. However, you can’t always just escape. There will be many situations where you would have no choice but to fight. When faced with such a situation, you need real force and real combat capabilities to be able to survive. Suppose the pikemen matrix you’re in was faced with a LV 4 pikemen matrix. At the order of your commander, you would have to charge forward at that matrix, as you have to follow military regulation and the fighting supervision squad was behind you. With your current capabilities, your only option would be to charge forward as cannon fodder, buying time for your commander to think of his plans and deployment. In such a scenario, do you think you could escape?”

Zhang Tie kept silent for a while before dejectedly answering, “No, I don’t!”

“So, even if you were able to escape a hundred times, as long as you encounter this scenario, you will definitely die. As a man, as a fighter, you should not be using your abilities to avoid the enemy—instead, you should have your abilities to destroy them! If you want to become useful in the future, your current strength is not enough. You will have to further cultivate...” As Captain Kerlin said this, he pulled a book out from his clothes and casually threw it into Zhang Tie’s hand. “I obtained this book from a battlefield before. Although it’s not very precious, it’s not ordinary either. At the very least, it’s better than the fighting skills you have learned at school and the ones you would learn in the alliance’s military. This will be my present to you. It will be up to you whether or not you can master it!”

Zhang Tie looked in amazement at the name of the book—Iron-Blood Fist Skill. It seemed to be a very great skill.

Zhang Tie forcefully swallowed his saliva. At the same time, thinking of the other guys in the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, he asked, “Captain Kerlin, can I share this...this book with others?”

“Yes, you can. However, you’d better not let too many people know about it!”

“Why? Does this book contain secret knowledge?”

“Strictly speaking, this book contains top secret knowledge, but as many people have practiced it, it has become rather common. However, due to some reasons, even though this fighting skill has been learned by many people, you should still not spread it everywhere!”

“Why is it like this?”

“This Iron-Blood Fist is a fighting skill that the first emperor of the Norman Empire had learned from the Oriental Continent when he had traveled to the East to learn at a young age. In the past, only the monarchs of the Norman Empire was qualified to learn it. That is, until the eve of the Second Holy War between humans and magical beasts. At that time, the Iron-Blood Fist made its military debut and became a skill that could be practiced by every fighter of the Norman Empire. After several hundred years, it was no longer exclusive to the Norman Empire. Even in the Blackson Human Corridor, many people practice this skill...” Saying this, Captain Kerlin looked at Zhang Tie. “This is a very strange fist skill. Some people can master it well, while others will gain nothing from it. Almost every high-level fighter from the Norman Empire Military and the monarchs excelled at using the Iron-Blood Fist; however, with the exception of the monarchs of the Norman Empire, very few people in the Blackson Human Corridor are able to master it. Many people were only able to strengthen their body or slightly improve their fist skills by practicing this skill. They were not even able to reach the minimum threshold required for this Iron-Blood Fist technique!”

“How come? Did they practice a different version of Iron-Blood Fist?”

“Of course the books are the same; however, there were also many differences. Different people would have different outcomes...” The one-eyed man forced a smile of bitterness and dejection. “Have you heard about Battle Qi?”

“Yes, I heard it’s a symbol of high-level fighters above LV 6!”

“Then, do you know where Battle Qi comes from?” the one-eyed man continued to ask Zhang Tie.

Zhang Tie shook his head.

“You will definitely know of these kinds of things in the future, but it’s fine for me to tell you now. As you know, the human body is very mysterious. It contains seven forces—the force of one’s Qi, the force of one’s blood, the force of one’s meridians, the force of one’s channels, the force of one’s bones, the force of one’s marrow, and the force of one’s spiritual energy. When one reaches LV 4, besides the Shrine burning point, he or she would have already ignited three other burning points on the vertebrate. At this time, the force of Qi, the force of blood, and the force of bones would have been activated. After practicing, the above three forces will combine and form a new Hidden Force. In the eyes of many experts, this is when a person could be considered to have a real fighting force. When one reaches LV 5, they will trigger the force of Qi, the force of blood, and the force of bones. After practicing, he or she would be able to combine the six forces together and improve the Hidden Force into a True Force, which is a mark of someone who has become a true fighter. That’s why, a LV 5 soldier could be improved to be a fighter...”

Although what Captain Kerlin had told him was normal in the eyes of many others, it was still a miraculous topic to Zhang Tie, who was learning this for the first time. Only now did Zhang Tie realize that the cultivation system was based on many rigid standards. “Are you saying that Battle Qi is a product of a fighter combining his force of spiritual energy into his True Force?”

“Yes, if you want to form Battle Qi, you will have to combine the seven forces in your body. This is the foundation. Aside from the combination of the seven forces, you will also need a sufficient amount of strong Qi, which would be combined with the seven forces before you are able to form Battle Qi. When it accumulates to a certain degree, such force will appear on your body and this is called Battle Qi appearance. This is also the reason why many people have difficulties in training the Iron-Blood Fist. Most people who practice the Iron-Blood Fist can’t form the Iron-Blood Battle Qi when they reach LV 6. If it wasn’t triggered by the Iron-Blood Battle Qi, then the Iron-Blood Fist would not pose a threat to any of the high-level fighters at all. That’s why many people will give up practicing it after they reach LV 6...”

“What about Hidden Force and True Force? Is it difficult to form them?”

“Of course!” Captain Kerlin nodded. “Iron-Blood Hidden Force and Iron-Blood True Force are two barriers you have to break through. Besides the monarchy of the Norman Empire, only one in a hundred people who practice the Iron-Blood Fist skill would be able to form Iron-Blood Hidden Force, and only one in ten of which would be able to form the Iron-Blood True Force. From that one tenth, at most one in twenty or thirty of the people who had formed the Iron-Blood True Force would be able to form Iron-Blood Battle Qi...”

Zhang Tie stood still for a while before dejectedly asking, “So you’re saying that at most 1 out of every 20,000 or 30,000 people who practice the Iron-Blood Fist Skill is able to form their Iron-Blood Battle Qi and become a true high-level fighter?”

With wide opened eyes, Captain Kerlin responded, “Of course. If it wasn’t that difficult, then everyone in the world would become a high-level fighter. If it was that easily mastered, then even if 1/100 of the fighters in the Norman Empire Military could form their Iron-Blood Battle Qi, then the Norman Empire would already be able to sweep through the whole Blackson Human Corridor. Don’t think that this secret fighting skill from the monarchy of the Norman Empire could be that easily mastered. The Iron-Blood Fist is this mighty because of its Hidden Force, True Force, and Battle Qi are much more advanced than any other forms of Hidden Force, True Force, and Battle Qi. Any cultivator who has mastered the Iron-Blood Fist skill would become a top existence within their level. If we were to take two people with different forms of Hidden Force, the person with the Iron-Blood Hidden Force would be at least five times stronger the other person who has a common Hidden Force...”

“That powerful!?” Zhang Tie slightly gaped before a question flashed in his mind. “Captain Kerlin, how far have you practiced it? Have you formed Iron-Blood Battle Qi?”

After asking, Zhang Tie felt a bit of regret. As he knew Captain Kerlin had never displayed this fist skill in public, then he must not have formed it.

Certainly, hearing Zhang Tie’s question, Captain Kerlin’s face turned slightly red. Glaring at Zhang Tie, he furiously replied, “No crap, I’m practicing the Mad Lion Battle Qi. Previously, I almost formed Iron-Blood Hidden Force. If I had mastered the Iron-Blood Fist Skill and had formed Iron-Blood Battle Qi, then the Andaman Alliance would have long invited me over. Currently, I am just a junior captain. If I had mastered the Iron-Blood Fist skill, I would have long been promoted to colonel. Even if it’s not within the Andaman Alliance, I would still have a great chance in the Norman Empire. Because this fist skill is known as the ‘Fist of the Battle God’ within the Norman Empire military and is revered by them. As long as you could form Iron-Blood Hidden Force, then you would be promoted to second lieutenant at the very least. For others who want to be promoted to second lieutenant, they would have to be at least LV 6, while people who have formed Iron-Blood Hidden Force could already be able to promoted to second lieutenant at LV 4. That is how people who have formed Iron-Blood Fist skill are treated in Norman Empire Military. If you don’t want to practice it, just give it back to me. I will give it to someone else. Even though Iron-Blood Battle Qi probably won’t be formed, this fist skill is still useful to a certain degree...” Captain Kerlin pretended to take it back.

“Don't do that...” Hearing Captain Kerlin’s words, Zhang Tie hurriedly hid the Iron-Blood Fist Skill book in his clothes. With a brilliant smile on his face, Zhang Tie immediately started to flatter him, “Captain Kerlin, you must have gained this book too late, missing the best time to cultivate, which caused you to fail to form the Iron-Blood Battle Qi. In contrast, the people in the Norman Empire must have been lucky because they had already started to practice it since they were very young. If Captain Kerlin had started to practice it at a young age as well, then you would definitely have made it.”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s flattery, Captain Kerlin became a bit delighted. After exchanging a few more words with Zhang Tie, Captain Kerlin left the ward where Zhang Tie was recuperating.

After Captain Kerlin left, Zhang Tie started to read the first page of Iron-Blood Fist Skill under the lights from the lamps in the room. However, the aggressive sentence printed in Chinese at the beginning completely shocked Zhang Tie——Fist Skill namely power. When one exerts their utmost effort, one will obtain the essence of the skill!



* * *





Chapter 89




Holding onto the mysterious book, Zhang Tie skimmed through the book of about 200 pages, unable to sleep. The paper was both water resistant and fire resistant and was coated in silver. Zhang Tie knew that silver coated paper was extremely expensive. Only a few very important classical or sacred books would be recorded on silver coated paper. However, as silver coated papers could not be printed, people had to use a special pen and ink in order to leave marks on the paper, thus all books or texts made using silver coated paper, including the book containing the Iron-Blood Fist skill, would have to be copied by hand. Even the patterns inside the book were painted by hand. Obviously, the book was copied and written by the hand of a highly skilled man, as the words and pattern inside the book would make people feel happy and looked more appealing than even printed books.

Originating from an imperial sacred book from the Norman Empire, although its contents had been spread for a long time, the Oriental fist skill contained within has contents which were incomparable to other ordinary sacred books. With the first page alone, Zhang Tie had already been deeply captivated.

Lots of secret knowledge was recorded in this book. After one night of reading, within his mind, Zhang Tie had basically formed a framework of cultivating the Iron-Blood Fist Skill.

The cultivation system of the Iron Blood Fist Skill was composed of three parts:

The first part of the book was stake work cultivation[1]. According to the book, stake work was the basis for cultivating and enhancing the power of the Iron-Blood Fist. There were three types of stake works introduced in the book: Lying Tiger Stake, Coiling Dragon Stake, and Cross Stake. For the Lying Tiger Stake, the cultivator was to lower his body and sprawl on the ground like tiger, keeping still for a period longer than half an hour before moving on to the next stage. For the Coiling Dragon Stake, the cultivator was to cross their legs until their knees touched, much like a coiling snake. They were to keep their spine perfectly straight and raise their head as they squared their shoulders[2]. The cultivator was to also constantly shake themselves by repeating movements like keeping their back straight while squatting up and down, much like a coiled up snake that was about to bite. For the Cross Stake, it was a mixture and a variant of the Lying Tiger Stake and the Coiling Dragon Stake and could only be cultivated after the other two stakes were well-practiced. The Cross Stake required the cultivator’s lower body to act like a coiling snake, while the cultivator’s upper body should act like a tiger who was holding a spear in each hand, using the spears to form a cross...

The second part of the book was about the combination and derivation of the 36 free hand movements and the 5 basic walking forms of the Iron-Blood Fist Skill...

The third part of the book detailed an oral formula for the Iron Blood Qi Combination skill, which could not be cultivated until one has become proficient at the Lying Tiger Stake. Using breathing skills to ignite their burning points along with the help of the stakes and the fist skills, a cultivator would be able to combine the six forces within the human body and form the Hidden Force and the True Force. Compared to the previous two parts, this part was a bit hard for Zhang Tie to master, as the most crucial part of the book that made Zhang Tie muddleheaded pertained to the cultivation of Iron Blood Battle Qi. This section contained the least amount of words and was only a single line of Chinese characters—”After one’s True Force forms and the six forces have been integrated, use the fire of god to purify the intention of your fist. Iron Blood Battle Qi will sprout after nine deaths and will come into being after a hundred deaths!”

What was the intention of fist? What did “using the fire of god to purify the intention of your fist” mean? What did it mean by nine deaths? One hundred deaths? Reading through the characters, Zhang Tie was truly puzzled for quite a while. Thankfully, he was forced by his parent to recite a big Chinese dictionary when he was young, thus learning many characters in the process. Due to this, he was able to figure out the original meaning of the final line of guidance written in Chinese. After translating it into English, Zhang Tie realized why 99 out of 100 people who had formed Iron-Blood True Force could not pass the final hurdle. Motherf*ckers! Foreign people wouldn’t be able to understand its original meaning at all. In the entire Blackson Human Clan Corridor, presumably only the monarchs of the Norman Empire would know the meaning of this line of guidance.

After spending almost the entire night reading over the Iron-Blood Fist skill, Zhang Tie’s eyes turned red. At 3am or 4am when he had almost skimmed over the entire book, Zhang Tie, in his heart, saluted all the female monarchs of the Norman Empire and closed the book. Afterwards, he fell asleep. As the current period of time was meant for him to recuperate, there was nothing important to do the next day, thus Zhang Tie didn’t care about when he went to bed.

On the second day, as expected, Zhang Tie woke up at noon. After getting up, he washed his face and rinsed his mouth before preparing his belongings and leaving.

In reality, Zhang Tie didn’t have many belongings here. Using the pioneer bag made from calfskin[3], which Barley had used to bring him food, Zhang Tie placed some food, seeds, and the book containing the Iron-Blood Fist Skill into the bag before leaving the ward he had been living for the past week.

Before leaving the ward, Zhang Tie went to the office of the Temporary Supervision Committee to deal with the relevant departure procedures. He then went to bid farewell to Captain Kerlin and Zerom. Unfortunately, the two had already gone out for a routine inspection early in the morning, thus he had no choice but to leave.

During the survival training, teachers and coaches both had their own responsibilities. For teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee, they were responsible for sweeping magical beasts and mutated living beings that could endanger the lives of the students in Wild Wolf Valley. Therefore, it became their daily job to make routine inspections over Wild Wolf Valley. For many of the teachers, with such an easy job, it was as if they were out for vacation.

After being told that Captain Kerlin and Mr. Zerom had left, Zhang Tie bid farewell to the guys in the iron smelting workshop whom he had gotten familiar with in the past few days. Afterwards, Zhang Tie walked out of Wild Wolf Castle.

The square of Wild Wolf Castle was already teeming with people at noon. Coincidentally, Zhang Tie saw Pandora once again among the crowd. Pandora had always set her booth in a corner that was not particularly eye-catching. Sitting in a corner, that thin and small girl would hide in the corner as she hugged her knees.

It was only when Zhang Tie had arrived before Pandora’s booth did the girl with a thin and small frame raise her head and look at Zhang Tie. “I’m really sorry. I wasn’t able to pick any fruits today...”

In front of Pandora was a small pile of ordinary, wild vegetables. Looking at Pandora, Zhang Tie realized that her clothes were soaked from the morning dew and realized that she must have gone foraging for wild vegetables and fruits early in the morning. However, during the survival training, many people would choose to forage for wild vegetables and fruits, thus making them harder to find due to lower quantity. Since this was the case, objectively speaking, the girls were forced to team up with boys to finish the survival training. After all, humans lived in groups. As an individual, unless they were exceptionally powerful, it would be difficult to survive in the wild.

The pitiful look of that petite girl slightly shocked Zhang Tie...

“Ah, my wounds are not that serious anymore and I can now freely move. I will be leaving today, so before leaving, I came to say goodbye! Zhang Tie felt bashful as he scratched his head.

“Oh, I hope you recover soon!” Pandora smiled. This was the first time Zhang Tie had seen her smile. With her pair of beautiful blue eyes, she looked pretty nice when she smiled. As he gave Pandora a second look, Zhang Tie mumbled inside, “Hmm, with the exception of her thin and petite figure and the freckles on her face, Pandora is still very beautiful.”

“Are you free tonight?” Zhang Tie suddenly asked.

“What for?” Hearing his words, Pandora suddenly became alert as she hid her chest behind her knees.

“I… wanted to invite you to dinner at our tree base. I realized that you always forage for food by yourself, so if you haven’t joined any team yet, then I wish to sincerely invite you to join us. We have seven male students, all of which are nice guys!”

“Are you inviting me to be your partner during the survival training?” Pandora’s eyes started to shine; however, they soon became depressed once again. “No… I can’t agree!”

“Why?” Zhang Tie was startled.

“They said that anyone who’s with me will suffer misfortune. I don’t want to bring you troubles. Last time, right after you bought my wild fruits, you were forced to jump into a hole by wolves,” Pandora dejectedly said.

“Nonsense. How could I blame you for that!? Look at me, aren’t I perfectly fine?” As he said this, Zhang Tie flexed his muscle in a manner akin to bodybuilders in order to show off the muscles on his arms, causing Pandora to bashfully chuckle.

“You really don’t care?”

“Of course not. Don’t listen to what they’re saying. I even see you as my lucky angel. If it weren’t for you, I might have already starved to death...” Zhang Tie loudly shouted.

“Then… okay!” Pandora finally agreed after thinking for a while.

Receiving Pandora’s consent, Zhang Tie heaved a sigh of relief inside. Since this was the first time he had invited a girl, if he were to have been refused, then he would really feel like he had lost face. In regards to the attack from the wild wolves, Mr. Zerom had already implied that Zhang Tie might have been set up by someone, so how could he blame Pandora for that incident?. Besides, when Zhang Tie was very young, his mom had told him never to blame others for your own bad luck. A man should be committed. Zhang Tie had always kept that sincere guidance deep in his mind.

“Then, it’s a set! In the afternoon, I will come here to pick you up. Our tree house is very interesting, and we all live inside tree hollows. We will also have fish soup to drink tonight...”

“Living in tree hollows?” Pandora slightly raised her face, which contained an expression of longing. At the sight of Pandora’s curious expression, Zhang Tie immediately affirmed that fish soup and tree houses were both attractive to girls.

“Oh, right...” Zhang Tie took out of several pieces of dried rations and dried meat from his bag and put away all the wild vegetables that had been wrapped with clean tree leaves by Pandora. “I want all the wild vegetables!”

The dried rations and dried meat given by Zhang Tie to Pandora was excessively greater than the value of the wild vegetables, causing Pandora to get up hurriedly. “It’s too much, I don’t need that much...”

“Haha, it’s ok. The extra can be considered your free lunch...” Zhang Tie smiled and waved his hands towards Pandora before he strode out of the square...

Looking at Zhang Tie’s shadow, the girl slightly narrowed her eyes as she mumbled, “Could I really be someone’s lucky angel?”

……

TL/ED Notes:

[1] Think of it as like a wooden stake. This is building the foundation of what’s to come.

[2] To pull back one’s shoulder.

[3] Leather made from cows.



* * *





Chapter 90




Ever since Zhang Tie was attacked by the wolves, the other horny students had voluntarily began to sweep the region 5km away from Wild Wolf Castle for wild wolves many times, resulting in the path between Wild Wolf Castle and the tree house to be much safer and not even a single strand of wolf fur could be found. What happened to Zhang Tie reminded everybody of the potential dangers. After all, such an incident could also happen to others. None of the horny students wanted to encounter a pack of wolves alone when they were accompanying girls back to Wild Wolf Castle, thus they all exerted their utmost efforts to clear out the wild wolves. During this process, they had truly encountered several lone wolves; however, they were unable to find the other four wolves who had attacked Zhang Tie that day.

On the way back to the tree base, especially when he passed by that grassland, Zhang Tie couldn’t help but recall the incident that had happened to him that day and the furious gazes of the wolves that were fixed on him. The eternal hatred in their eyes made Zhang Tie feel that he might encounter the four wild wolves once again.

Currently, it was noon, and only Bagdad was left on-duty at the tree base. Returning to the tree base, Zhang Tie saw Bagdad and his bare arms. In his hands was a spear, which he used to practice a thrusting movement. The moment Zhang Tie came close to the tree base, he had already been noticed by Bagdad.

“Who?” Covered in sweat, Bagdad turned around with the spear in hand.

“Working hard, youth! I wonder if you were stimulated by me, who has already ignited my Shrine burning point!?” Zhang Tie walked over with a smile.

Seeing Zhang Tie’s face, Bagdad, who was surprised at Zhang Tie’s return, instantly froze. As his face twitched, Bagdad cursed, “B*stard!” At the same time, dropping his spear, he walked towards Zhang Tie and fiercely embraced him. “Don’t get arrogant. I will surpass you sooner or later!”

“Bagdad, did you know? I have always had a big secret, but I do not have the heart to tell you!” Zhang Tie said with a serious expression.

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, as expected, Bagdad asked, “What secret?”

“The secret is… in fact, I am actually a genius among geniuses...” When Zhang Tie replied, his solemn look turned into an obscene smile, one which made Bagdad really want to beat him. “In the past, I just wanted to experience the life of you mortals, so in order to not make you feel bad, I have controlled my brilliance and have only shown 5% of my power. After this incident, I have decided to exert my utmost efforts to cultivate, which means that it would be next to impossible for you to surpass me from now on. I suggest you to choose a different target, as it is truly unfortunate for you, a mortal, to treat me as your target!”

“Argh, you b*stard...” Realizing that he had been played by Zhang Tie, Bagdad wrapped his arm around Zhang Tie’s neck, almost causing him to suffocate...

……

As expected, returning to the tree base, when Barley and the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood caught sight of Zhang Tie, they became extremely excited. Although they were not able to achieve too much today and were unable to catch any large preys using the big pits they had dug, using the small traps taught by Zhang Tie, which were made of stones and twigs, they were able to catch two pheasants. Additionally, they got more than ten palm-sized fish from the trap near the stream. Together with the wild vegetables that Zhang Tie had brought, they would be able to enjoy a filling supper tonight.

As dusk fell, Zhang Tie told them that he would invite a girl for supper. Under the whistles of the horny students, Zhang Tie went to pick up Pandora and brought her back to their tree base. As this was the first time she had been invited for supper by male students, Pandora looked somewhat stiff; however, after seeing the horny students laugh and joke around, she gradually became relaxed.

After supper, Zhang Tie invited Pandora to take a look at their tree base. Afterwards, Zhang Tie, Bagdad, and Sharwin went together to send Pandora back to Wild Wolf Castle. At the sight of the corner of Pandora’s mouth having been raised, Zhang Tie knew that both his invitation and the supper was a success. it seemed that inviting girls wasn’t particularly hard.

When they returned to the tree base, a bonfire had been lit under the Dragon-Claw Tree. Barley and the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood were bragging as they sat under the tree and were talking about Pandora.

“Although her breasts and frame aren’t fully developed, she still has a nice face. Bighead really has a strange taste in women!” Leit said.

“Maybe this kind of girl can easily arouse Bighead’s desire to sleep with her. I have heard that there are many impotent men in their thirties who like this kind of girl since they are easily convinced. Hahaha...”

“Haven’t you noticed that Pandora has a pair of watery eyes? According to my observations, all women with beautiful eyes are good at pleasing men...” Hista obscenely said.

“Even Bighead has a girlfriend. We have to work hard too. I remember that there were many beautiful girls among the group of girls that we invited last time. We can have a try tomorrow...”

When it came to girls, the horny students all became thrilled. Seeing Zhang Tie and the other two members return, they moved aside and let them in before continuing with the topic. Under their persistence, Zhang Tie honestly poured out how he had gotten to know Pandora. Although Zhang Tie had claimed repetitively that he didn’t have any evil thoughts about Pandora and had only invited her as a friend to join their team to pass through the survival training, nobody believed him. They simply responded with jeers and doubtful eyes.

“You don’t have any evil intentions about her because you’re not circumcised. Not to mention that you’re forbidden to stay alone with girls. Heh heh… If it weren’t for these two obstacles, you would have already shown your evil nature!”

“I know you’re planning to sleep with her when you return to Blackhot City. That’s truly a good idea. You have really thought this through. Since that small girl isn’t that attractive and is cautious, you will first get acquainted with her. Once you get acquainted with her, you won’t have to worry about her being snatched by others!”

“Two months later, Pandora will develop a bit more, right?”

“She should be sexier by then. Girls nowadays develop faster and mature earlier than before!”

“Right now, her breasts are truly on the smaller side, so you plan to get acquainted with her first. Later, you won’t have to worry about not having a chance to sleep with her...”

“Heh… heh...”

“These animals!” Zhang Tie cursed inside. In order to protect his ears and his innocent soul from being polluted by those dirty words, Zhang Tie decided to change the topic. At this time, he pulled out his ultimate weapon.

Remaining silent, Zhang Tie took out of the Iron-Blood Fist Skill book from his clothes and started to read it beside the bonfire while the other members were obscenely laughing out loud.

“Bighead, what are you reading?” Sharwin, who liked reading, was the first to ask.

“Nothing special. It’s just a mysterious book about the Iron-Blood Fist Skill from the monarchs of the Norman Empire!” Zhang Tie nonchalantly explained, describing it as if it was an old knight novel that was purchased at a low price from the waste paper collection station.

“Oh!” Like normal, Sharwin responded normally; however, a second later, his eyes widened and his mouth gaped as his gaze was fixed on the book in Zhang Tie’s hand.

Zhang Tie continued to nonchalantly read it. Gradually, with the exception of the “gulugulu” sounds made when the other members swallowed their saliva, all the noise disappeared. All of them looked at the book in Zhang Tie’s hand with widely opened eyes as they sat beside the bonfire.

After a long while, only an occasional “shasha” sound could be heard when Zhang Tie turned the page. Nobody was talking anymore. At this moment, Zhang Tie surprisingly raised his head and glanced at the other guys with a “strange look”. “Hey, how come you guys aren’t talking? Feel free to continue!“

“Hohoho...” With a forced smile, Bagdad’s gaze remained fixed on the book in Zhang Tie’s hands. “You… what kind of mysterious martial arts are you reading?”

“Oh, you want to know about this…” Zhang Tie turned the book and showed them the cover, revealing the four words “Iron-Blood Fist Skill”. Suddenly, all their eyes turned red. “It’s nothing special. It’s just the Iron-Blood Fist Skill. Although it was secret knowledge among the monarchs of the Norman Empire before, it has long been spread to the military of the Norman Empire since before the Second Holy War between humans and magical clan. It’s not that great since many people have been able to use it. It’s simply a common book, with the exception that its pages are coated in silver and the words within were hand written...”

Zhang Tie continued to feign innocence; however, with the Iron-Blood Fist Skill in his hand, his words were reliable.

“Where did you get this secret knowledge?” Even Leit had wide opened eyes as he continued to look at Zhang Tie with a look of amazement. No matter how common it was, it was still secret knowledge. Anything related to “secrets” could be considered luxurious for commoners. Among the undergraduates from Seventh National Male Middle School in Blackhot City of the Andaman Alliance, it would be really difficult to find anyone else more common in the Blackson Human Clan Corridor than the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood.

“I have a good character. I just can’t help it...” Zhang Tie spread his palms. “Captain Kerlin had forced me to accept it. He said that he had obtained this in a battlefield and had even said that I had a brave character. He considered me to be pretty resilient and as someone who would probably be able to popularize this fist skill, so he simply forced me to accept it”

To tell the truth, Zhang Tie really hit the mark on Captain Kerlin’s intentions.

Zhang Tie was then surrounded by the envious eyes and the sound of swallowing saliva.

“Has… Captain Kerlin said...” Hesitantly, Fatty Barley began to ask, causing the heart of everyone else to pound.

“He said I’m entitled to own this book. As long as I like, I can lend it to anyone else on the premise that it was not spread everywhere. No matter what, Iron-Blood Fist Skill is a secret knowledge among the monarchs of Norman Empire. Owners of it had to remain low-key! Look at me, aren’t I remaining low-key? I haven’t casually shown it in front of others at all...”

That was low-key? That was “haven’t casually shown it in front of others”? Although they found ridicule in his words, they all hurriedly nodded. “That’s right… That’s right...”

Doug, who was sitting beside Zhang Tie, suddenly rolled his eyes and immediately shoved Hista away using his butt. Wrapping his arm around Zhang Tie’s neck, Doug moved his face closer to Zhang Tie’s with a fawning smile. “Bighead, when you were recuperating a few days ago, I had always stayed beside your bed. I did that because I was worried about you. During that time, I have kept my eyes open and had killed hundreds of mosquitoes every night, all for you. Look! You can still see all the mosquito bites on my arm...” As he said this, Doug rolled up his sleeve and showed the red spots on his arm to Zhang Tie. However, who really know whether or not he had truly been bitten by mosquitoes...

After glancing at Doug, Zhang Tie smiled. Under Doug’s incredulous eyes, he dropped the Iron-Blood Fist Skill into Doug’s hands. “Well, thank you for accompanying me. You have one hour to read this secret knowledge!”

“Really?” Doug was so surprised that he even shouted out loudly.

“It starts from now on!” Zhang Tie warned him.

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, Doug hurriedly skimmed it. Beside him were Hista and Bagdad, whose necks were stretched so far out that they looked like giraffes. However, they felt as if they were losing face when they were indiscreetly drawing near Doug. As it was a big taboo to peer at others’ secret knowledge without permission, they could only admire Doug from afar.

“Ah, what does the line of words on the first page mean?” Doug scratched his head.

“It’s written in Chinese and is the outline of the Iron-Blood Fist Skill. It reads ‘Fighting force is power. When the power reaches its maximum, it'll touch the supreme universal laws!” Zhang Tie translated the general meaning of that line. Hearing his interpretation, Barley and the other members were shocked by this book’s high level and began to long for reading it.

Soon after Doug, the second person to respond was Leit, “Bighead, the fish you ate while you were recuperating were caught by me, do you remember? I have even sent you fish soup twice!”

“Well, you can read it for one hour right after Doug!”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s reply, Leit burst out into laughter.

Barley instantly jumped up from the ground and looked at Zhang Tie with watery eyes. “Do you still remember? Miss Anna...”

“Well, Barley will read for one hour after Leit!”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s consent, Barley also burst out into laughter.

Bagdad, Sharwin, and Hista were hurriedly scratching their heads as they tried to come up with a reason to win an hour of reading.

“I lent you my notebook on what miss Daina had taught us in class!” Sharwin came up with a reason.

“Well, Sharwin can also read it for one hour after Barley!”

“Bro, you can just come here to ask me if you have any questions about women. No matter who you like, I will help you get her!” Hista showed his nature as a lecher as he patted Zhang Tie’s shoulder and spoke.

“Well, you can read one hour after Sharwin!”

Realizing that all the other members had found their reasons, Bagdad thought for quite a while and abandoned the thought of pretending to be a kungfu “master”. Forcing a smile, he drew closer and flattered, “This… Bighead, as you’ve not been fully recovered these days, it will be my great honor to serve in your place when you have night duty!”

“Hmm, that is not good. If someone else knew that, they will gossip. As we are brothers, if others mistook me as bullying you, then that would not be good” Zhang Tie pretended to dejectedly think about it.

“Anyone who dares to be gossipy is destroying the bond between us brothers, and I will definitely not let him live well!” Bagdad became tense as he waved his fist. “As long as I hear anyone say that, I swear to beat the sh*t out of him!” After saying this, he viciously swept his gaze at the other fellows and asked in a threatening tone, “Since Bighead hasn’t fully recovered yet, will you guys gossip if I help him keep watch at night?”

The other people hurriedly shook their heads.

“Well, Bagdad will have the book for one hour after Leit!”

After heaving a long sigh, Bagdad grinned.

Everybody then gazed at Doug. Under the jumping flames, Doug seemed to be obsessed with the Iron-Blood Fist Skill. His face was truly rich with expression; his facial expressions constantly changed from a relaxed look to forming a frown. Over time, he would occasionally raise one hand into the air, causing the others to be more curious about the contents of the book.

At this moment, Zhang Tie burst out into laughter inside. He had long prepared to share the Iron-Blood Fist Skill book with the other brothers of Hit-Plane Brotherhood. However, he knew that these people would never treasure what they could obtain easily and would instead always treasure what they had worked hard for. This was something that Donder had taught him. From now on, Zhang Tie planned to motivate these guys and let them spend great efforts to be able to read for one hour. He realized that if did it this way, it would definitely be much more effective than just throwing them the book.

Thinking that he could “order” them in the future, Zhang Tie became pleased...

From now on, he would finally have a great amount of time to consider how to improve his fighting force. As Zhang Tie had not entered Castle of Black Iron for one week, the second Leakless Fruit must have become completely ripe!

It was the right time to enter Castle of Black Iron once again. He was curious about what else surprise the small tree could bring him...

While Zhang Tie was pleasantly thinking about it, the images of Glaze and his lackeys appeared in his mind followed by an image of Captain Kerlin. Zhang Tie didn’t know why, but when he recalled Captain Kerlin’s face these days, he could sense a hint of depression… Could it be his imagination? Or… was there something the one-eyed man was worried about?

……



* * *





Chapter 91




“Bighead, do you need me to send you a bowl of fish soup at noon?” The next morning, seeing that Zhang Tie was preparing to leave the tree base and walk to the mines, Barley looked at Zhang Tie with a look full of desire, causing goosebumps to form all over Zhang Tie’s body.

“No need. At noon, I will just casually eat a bit when I’m out,” Zhang Tie replied as he hurriedly put the mining basket on his back.

“How about I go mining for you? All of my achievements will belong to you. I swear that the amount will not be less than one ton of ores a day...” Bagdad patted his chest, causing “Pa Pa” sounds.

“Really, there’s no need! Mining is my hobby. For the time being, I still find it to be interesting!” Zhang Tie had also refused Bagdad. Seeing their pitiful looks, Zhang Tie felt that he needed to show them a bit of hope. For them to be only able to read it for an hour, this was the most painful thing to them. “If I can eat boar meat tonight, my mood might be better!”

“Brothers, did you hear that? Boar meat—we need to catch a boar today! If we get lucky today, then we can carry one back by noon...” Doug shouted out loudly.

“Fine. Hurry up, guys! If we fail to capture one with our existing traps, then we will dig another one today...”

Leaving one person to keep watch of the tree base, all the other horny students moved on and became a hundred times more active than Zhang Tie. At the sight of these guys, who were acting kind in front of him earlier, leaving him alone, Zhang Tie shook his head and inwardly heaved a deep sigh. It seems the power of the Iron-Blood Fist Skill book was truly unparalleled.

As Zhang Tie and the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood had never learned a high-level fighting skill or a cultivation technique like the Iron-Blood Fist Skill, they had definitely taken the contents within the book as the greatest fighting skill that they had ever encountered. After every one of them read it for an hour last night, they were all attracted by this book and had difficulties parting with it. Every member of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood knew that this was a rare opportunity, one which could not be easily obtained, thus they all treasured this opportunity. Although they didn’t say it out loud, within their hearts, they all felt a deep gratitude towards Zhang Tie. They felt that Zhang Tie was a righteous individual and was truly qualified to be their brother, especially since he was even willing to share secret knowledge with them.

Seeing them disappear before him with an extremely quick speed, Zhang Tie smiled. Afterwards, he suddenly had a weird premonition. It seems that the Castle of Black Iron would bring him a surprise today.

……

Half an hour later, with a burning torch in hand, Zhang Tie entered that tunnel where he used to dig in the mine. First, he set up a small trap at the mouth of the tunnel that would warn him if someone entered the tunnel. Afterwards, Zhang Tie removed his mining basket and inserted the torch into a gap between two rocks. Walking into the shadow of another tunnel where the light did not reach, he took in a deep breath and closed his eyes. There appeared the arched door in his mind—lock on… enter!

——

“Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, welcome to the Castle of Black Iron!”

As it was “sunny and brilliant” in the Castle of Black Iron, Zhang Tie narrowed his eyes, and after a short while, he gradually began to adapt to the sunlight. All the light here radiated from the colorful fog that flowed around the surrounding space. The light was soft; it was as if the light had shone through a rainbow or the rays of the sun before shining down, giving Zhang Tie a comfortable feeling. Zhang Tie once wondered whether there were night and day in the Castle of Black Iron and whether it remained the same even after he left; however, he soon gave up this thought.

Upon stepping on the firm land in the Castle of Black Iron once again, complicated feelings burst forth in Zhang Tie. Due to the attack from the seven wild wolves that almost took his life and had almost forced him to bid farewell to the world forever, Zhang Tie felt as if he had been reborn.

Through this crisis, Zhang Tie felt again that strength was very important in this age.

After taking in a deep breath of fresh, aura-filled air, Zhang Tie leisurely opened the basic attributes panel of the Castle of Black Iron.

——Castle of Black Iron

——Length: Krosa

——Width: 1 Krosa

——Aura value: 3968

——Merit value: 2117

——Basic energy storage: 4285

——Special output: void

With the increasing number of plants within the Castle of Black Iron, the aura value had presently skyrocketed over the past two weeks. At the sight of the quickly increasing numbers, Zhang Tie became very excited.

The moment he closed the basic attributes panel, a dialogue jumped out automatically.

——The liquid yeast has completed its mutation and evolution for the first time. Please view the changes!

Soon after the dialogue disappeared, Zhang Tie recalled that he had used several points of basic energy storage on the liquid yeast before the start of the survival training, which would complete its mutation and evolution after 15 days. Therefore, Zhang Tie hurriedly opened the “Microorganisms” management panel in “Carbon-based Living Beings and Species Management” under the “Living Beings and Population Management” to check the results of the mutation and evolution.

Two messages instantly popped out——

——No new liquid yeast variant was formed through the mutation and evolution, thus the mutation and evolution has failed!

——If you wish to attempt to mutate and evolve the liquid yeast again, the system suggests you to increase the amount of basic energy storage points!

Thinking of how he had inputted 0.1 basic energy storage points into the liquid yeast last time, Zhang Tie felt embarrassed. After thinking for a while, Zhang Tie attempted for a second time to mutate and evolve the liquid yeast. This time, Zhang Tie decided that he will definitely succeed. Aside from using the maximum amount of basic energy storage possible, Zhang Tie also increased the amount of merit value points by ten-fold and doubled the amount of aura value points.

After a series of steps, two dialogues popped out again——

———On June 13rd, 889th year of the Black Iron Calendar, Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord had inputted 600 points of aura value, 50 points of merit value, and 340 points of basic energy storage into the mutation and evolution of a bottle of liquid yeast.

——It is estimated that the mutation and evolution will take 360 hours. Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, please wait patiently!

Since the surprise didn’t come from the mutation and evolution of the bottle of liquid yeast, then it could only come from the Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree.

Moving towards the small tree, before he had even been able to stand before it, he had already smelt an unforgettable fragrance; the fragrance was a mix of the Leakless Fruit and a fragrance that contained both the smell of sandalwood and fruits. However, this time, the fragrance coming from the Leakless Fruit contained something special.

As expected, the tree brought Zhang Tie a huge surprise——

On the twig where the first Leakless Fruit had once grown were two Leakless Fruits. Judging from its color, one of the two fruits had already become ripe, while the other one would ripen soon. At the sight of the two hanging Leakless Fruits, Zhang Tie finally recovered his composure. Previously, whether a ripe Leakless Fruit would fall off the tree or whether it would delay the growth of the next Leakless Fruit had always been a concern of Zhang Tie’s. However, at the sight of the two Leakless Fruit hanging closely, Zhang Tie felt at ease.

——This Leakless Fruit has become ripe. Usage: Pick and direct eat it. Notice: The fruit cannot be taken out of the Castle of Black Iron. After twelve hours of having been picked off the tree, its energy and vitality will gradually decline.

——31 hours left before this Leakless Fruit becomes ripe!

Zhang Tie read the above two warnings regarding the two hanging Leakless Fruits.

Looking at the two Leakless Fruits, Zhang Tie felt really happy. Beside the Leakless Fruit, Zhang Tie found the Iron Body Fruit, though it looked different than last time. He then checked its progress bar; upon finding that it was three-quarters ripe, Zhang Tie burst into laughter. At the sight of the progress bar, Zhang Tie remembered his tumbles within the deep hole dug by the Gold-Eating Boas. Never would he have that the collisions and friction from the tumbles would have such a marvelous effect. It was almost the same as him being beaten! It seemed that he didn’t necessarily need to find people to beat him. As long as he received damage to his body, it would stimulate the growth of the Iron-Body Fruit. With this, this gave Zhang Tie many new ideas, causing the road before him to become much broader than before.

However, the biggest surprise was neither the Leakless Fruits nor the Iron Body Fruit; instead, it was the strange fruit that hung on the other side of the tree. Ever since his last encounter with Huck and Snade, Zhang Tie realized that this small tree could produce fruits even without his consent. With external stimulation, the tree would be able to produce fruits. Since that incident, Zhang Tie had made it a habit to circle around the small tree to check whether new fruits were hanging somewhere.

There really was a strange, hexagonal pitch-black fruit that was the size of a plum.

Stretching out his hand, Zhang Tie instantly got its information.

——The Trouble-Reappearance Fruit has already become ripe. Usage: Pick and direct eat it. Notice: The fruit cannot be taken out of the Castle of Black Iron. After twelve hours of having been picked off the tree, its energy and vitality will gradually decline.

The moment the above words disappeared, another paragraph of words appeared.

……

——This is the fruit of killing. The laws of the universe continue to circulate between life and death. Among all deaths, deaths through fights between different species are both the most common as well as the most frightening. Let’s be brave and face the inevitable killings and deaths in this virtual space. Let’s be brave and attempt various challenges inside this virtual space. After experience the same killings and deaths again and again, you will lose your fear towards death and killing. You will gain freedom from killing and death, moving onto the top of the chain of evolution! Keep in mind that the body is the container for the soul, and the soul and spirit experience the same sensation as the body. Everything in the virtual space, including every strand of grass or wood, is a reflection of the physical world. With the exception that you will not die inside this virtual space, everything else is the same as that in the physical world outside. The existence of everything inside this virtual space makes the universe treats your well!

Reading the above words, Zhang Tie came up with a thought, “I’m really rich now! The Trouble-Reappearance Fruit looks really powerful.”

Continually rubbing his palms, he was truly excited...

……



* * *





Chapter 92




At the sight of the new fruit hanging on the tree, Zhang Tie’s heart pounded as he reminded himself to keep calm. After taking in a few deep breaths, Zhang Tie finally managed to control his desire to pluck off the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit and instead moved to the other side of the tree before promptly picking off the ripened Leakless Fruit and consuming it in a couple of bites. Following that, he sat under the tree with legs crossed in order to experience the effect from the second ripened Leakless Fruit.

Because of Huck and Snade and because of the damned wolves, he was delayed by roughly three weeks from enjoying the ripe Leakless Fruit.

It truly wasn’t easy! Zhang Tie heaved a deep sigh inside before closing his eyes and immersing himself in the gradual, obvious effects of the second, ripe Leakless Fruit.

Before the lingering fragrance from the sweet juice of the second, ripe Leakless Fruit had even disappeared, a familiar sensation could be felt; a strand of hot air could be felt in his chest and continued to swirl upwards. Then, the strand of hot air became a hot wave that turned into a ferocious fire dragon, directly charging towards the burning point on his rear end. The ferocious fire dragon gradually became increasingly more powerful while the red flame by the burning point at his rear end immediately grew brighter; it was as if it was a pile of burning firewood that had just been doused with oil. “Boom!” The red flame turned into a dark orange color. As the energy gradually seeped into the flame, the dark orange color also gradually became brighter...

Zhang Tie had sat there for almost half an hour, during which his body shook slightly three times. Half an hour later when Zhang Tie opened his eyes, his eyes were filled with uncontrollable passion. After a short while, in Zhang Tie’s mind, he could already catch a glimpse at the brilliant yellow flame over the burning point by his rear end. With a single ripe Leakless Fruit, he had consecutively broken through three cultivation barriers on the burning point—truly an astonishing speed and force! Seeing that silent small tree beside him once again, Zhang Tie’s heart was filled with awe.

After stretching his limbs and his body, Zhang Tie came before that Trouble-Reappearance Fruit once again.

“I wonder what this fruit is used for?”

With this question, Zhang Tie carefully plucked the fruit, sat down with crossed legs, and took a large bite.

Compared to the Leakless Fruit, which had a sweet taste, the moment he had bitten into the flesh of the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit, it was as if he had bitten into smoke-like water which flowed from his mouth through the place which connected his oral cavity and his navel passage and directly rushed towards his brain. When the energy from the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit encountered the small swirl of foggy and golden Qi in his mind, Zhang Tie felt as if someone was fiercely striking a drum within his mind. All of a sudden, the view before his eyes turned pitch black and he entered a space where light could not reach.

This was a strange feeling. Although Zhang Tie’s body was obviously sitting under the Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree, it seemed as if his spirit was in another space, one which even light could not reach.

Soon after he entered that space, he saw a dim light which gradually became brighter and changed into a hexagon-shaped door, one whose shape resembled the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit. Zhang Tie didn’t move, as that hexagon-shaped door was directly rushing towards him like a train. Surprisingly, right when it was about to collide with Zhang Tie, it enveloped him. Then, Zhang Tie found himself in a place that truly caused him to be extremely shocked...

It was the familiar path that he walked on when he returned from the mine!

The familiar uphill road!

The familiar grassland!

When the breeze came, even the way the grass swayed was the same.

Zhang Tie could even hear the “Sha Sha” sounds that came when the breeze blew over the grass while the familiar chirping of insects reverberated into his ears from the side of the road. As the afterglow from the setting sun gradually painted the Wild Wolf Valley in a golden color, every pore on Zhang Tie’s body could feel that a kind of warmth filled the air...

“What’s happening? How could I be here? This feeling… why is it so familiar?” Zhang Tie panicked a bit when he realized he was carrying a mining basket on his back.

However, Zhang Tie was not given too much time to think about what had happened. While Zhang Tie was panicking, several “rocks” in the patch of grass beside him were speeding towards Zhang Tie. In a couple of seconds, three wolves had drilled their way out from the grass.

With eyes fixed on Zhang Tie, even a fool would be able to sense the hatred contained in their eyes. As they grinned, “Gulu Gulu” sounds came from their throats in the exact same manner as what Zhang Tie had encountered several days ago. The only difference was that there were only three wolves this time, instead of seven. Additionally, the three wolves were exactly the ones that had been killed by him. Zhang Tie remembered that one of the three wolves had a ring of white fur right above its neck, just like one of the three wolves before him.

“F*ck, what’s happening?” Zhang Tie was really frightened, and the scene was too much for him, causing his mind to be thrown into chaos. Before he was able to clear his mind, the three wolves had already pounced towards him.

Zhang Tie hurriedly put down his mining basket, but the leader of the three wolves, the fastest one, had already knocked him down onto the ground. Its sharp claws had already pierced through Zhang Tie’s chest, causing him to feel so much pain that he began to growl.

Panicking, Zhang Tie remembered the dagger that hung on his waist. After fiercely punching the wolf that had pounced on his body, Zhang Tie intended to grab that dagger; however, another wolf had already arrived and had bitten his wrist. The moment its sharp canines pierced through his flesh, Zhang Tie was in so much pain that he almost passed out. The blood vessels at his wrist had also been roughly torn by the wolf, causing his fresh blood to instantly spray out.

At that moment, Zhang Tie’s mind was filled with the fear of death and the excruciating pain that was present all over his body. Soon after, the third wild wolf reached him and started to bite Zhang Tie’s right leg. Feeling the pain, Zhang Tie miserably screamed out, “Ah, help!”

However, his high-pitched screams didn’t work at all. What was worse, the leader of the wolves that had been pushed away by him earlier had shown its canines again as it bit down on Zhang Tie’s neck. As a result, Zhang Tie wrestled with the three wild wolves; however, his final struggles were all in vain.

At the last minute when he lost his consciousness, Zhang Tie no longer felt pain; instead, he felt a suffocating sensation, as his blood had filled his air pipes and lungs after his neck and throat were torn apart by the leader of the wolves.

“Is this what death feels like?” This was the last strand of his consciousness...

Boom...

Everything broke into fragmented specks of lights before vanishing!

Under the small tree, Zhang Tie recovered his senses and opened his eyes, recalling what he had just experienced just now. As his chest heaved up and down, Zhang Tie continued to gasp for air. It was only now did Zhang Tie realized how nice it was to be able to breathe for free. Feeling cold all over, he touched his back only to find that it had been covered in cold sweat. If he had a mirror to look into at this moment, he was sure that his face would definitely be pale. Checking all over his body, he wasn’t able to find any wounds at all. What had happened just now was like a dream; however, the dream was extremely realistic. With the exception of not having actually lost his life and not having been injured, what had just happened to him was definitely real. “How could that happen?” Zhang Tie started to rack his brain. “It must be the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit.” When he thought of the information about the fruit, Zhang Tie suddenly realized something.

Zhang Tie’s temperament was actually on the persistent and stubborn side. If what had just happened to him was truly related to the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit, then Zhang Tie wouldn’t let this go until he has figured it out. After recovering his composure through half an hour of rest, he clenched his teeth and sat down under the tree with legs crossed once again.

“Damn it, I swear I’ll figure this out!” Zhang Tie fiercely mumbled. “If I can’t figure this out, then I won’t eat supper and neither will I get circumcised in the future! I’ll be a virgin for the rest of my life !”

With this persistence, Zhang Tie entered his mind once again.

It was different than before; Zhang Tie had found something besides the arched door of the Castle of Black Iron. Floating above the arched door like a looming star was the hexagon-shaped Trouble-Reappearance Fruit that he had eaten earlier.

Focusing on the hexagon-shaped star, a message came to his mind.

——Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, because you have already used the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit once, if you wish to use it again, you must inject enough spiritual energy before you can activate the effect of the Trouble-Reappearance Scene within the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit.

Since the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit was in his mind, Zhang Tie was easily able to quickly inject spiritual energy into it. This hexagon-shaped fruit was like a sponge, as it continued to absorb his spiritual energy. After three minutes of absorption, the fruit became shiny once again.

——The Trouble-Reappearance Fruit has been activated and is now available to be used again! The method to use the fruit is the same as the one used to access the Castle of Black Iron.

“The same as accessing the Castle of Black Iron? Heh heh, that will be simple...” Zhang Tie mumbled.

Lock on——Enter...

At the beginning, it was still pitch black inside; however, soon after, sparkles appeared in the darkness before finally forming into a hexagon-shaped door which rushed towards Zhang Tie like a train, forcing Zhang Tie to enter. Afterwards, Zhang Tie reappeared on that path, facing the grass that swayed from the breeze. Everything from before had remained unchanged.

“Is this the effect of Trouble-Reappearance Fruit? Does it recreate killing scenes to allow me to become liberated through killing and death?

Zhang Tie looked towards the patch of grass, within which three “rocks” had already started to move towards him.

F*ck! Since he didn’t want to suffer the pain from the three wolves again, Zhang Tie hurriedly put down his mining basket and pulled out the dagger from his waist before taking a defensive posture. With eyes widely opened, Zhang Tie stared at the three wild wolves, who had their eyes brimming with hatred fixed on him...

The wild wolves charged at Zhang Tie as he waved his dagger...

Five minutes later, sitting on the ground with wounds all over, Zhang Tie looked at the bodies of the three dead wild wolves and burst into laughter. By that time, he finally understood the real effect of this Trouble-Reappearance Fruit...

Boom...

Everything in the space smashed into specks of light and disappeared...



* * *





Chapter 93




A fresh breath of air was brought by the breeze in the valley. The scent of nature, grass, and wood carried in the breeze instantly caused Zhang Tie to feel relaxed. The breeze flowed through Zhang Tie’s hair and circled around his collar before moving to his sweaty back. That cool sensation was so pleasant that Zhang Tie almost moaned.

Today marks the seventh day since Zhang Tie had recovered and left Wild Wolf Castle, and today also marked the seventh day since he resumed his work as a miner. During the past few days, Zhang Tie had gotten accustomed to carrying the mining basket filled with ores and handing it to the delivery point beneath Wild Wolf Castle. In the past, he would usually carry about 50-60 kg of ores at once, and sometimes he would even carry as much as 70 kg; however, over the past seven days, every time, Zhang Tie would carry more than 100 kg of ores. He would hand in the number of ores required for the job in one go, causing the people at the delivery point to be greatly startled. They could have never imagined that Zhang Tie’s average looking frame had such amazing strength, strength that could not be matched with his peers.

Over the past seven days, Zhang Tie looked tranquil. Currently, nobody knew that Zhang Tie’s strength had crossed over to the next level. Five days ago when Zhang Tie ate the third Leakless Fruit, as expected, Zhang Tie consecutively broke through three cultivation barriers for the burning point at his rear end, causing the burning point at his rear end to radiate a blue light. With one more Leakless Fruit, the burning point would radiate a purple light, which meant that he would have reached the next level and would officially become a LV 2 soldier. Within a month, he would be able to ignite his second burning point and become a LV 2 soldier—this was truly an astonishing speed. At the very least, Zhang Tie has never heard of someone in Blackhot City who could match his speed in igniting the burning points. Aside from the burning point at his rear end being ignited soon, he also gradually began to see the effects of the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit. Through fighting the three wild wolves several times a day, Zhang Tie could feel an obvious increase in his fighting skills. It was now easier for him to apply the fighting skills he had learned in school, thus allowing him to easily kill the wild wolves.

With that great magical treasure, Zhang Tie decided to become even more low-key than before. In the eyes of the others, Zhang Tie was working even harder than before, seemingly as if nothing had even happened; it was as if he had forgotten the whole ordeal of having been attacked by the wild wolves.

Like usual, when Zhang Tie placed his mining basket onto the scale at the delivery point, the students from the Second National Male Middle School who were acquainted with Zhang Tie ran over to take a look at the number on the scale once again.

“138 kg… F*ck, you broke the record again! Could one’s strength really improve that fast by doing mining work?” one of the students complained, “I really have to give it a try as well. Zhang Tie looks at ease whenever he hands in his ores. With just one trip, he can already get his rations!”

“You? You should forget about it. Zhang Tie has already ignited his Shrine burning point and has already become a LV 1 soldier!” said the guy beside him as he shook his head and recorded the numbers in his notebook. Then, he gave a glance at Zhang Tie, indicating that he’s asking for a favor of helping them pour the ores from his mining basket into the cart on the rails. In the past, two people were able to finish this task; however, ever since Zhang Tie started to bring more and more ores at once, they would struggle to lift the mining basket of ores, which weighed more than 100 kg, 1m into the air before pouring them into the cart, thus they would always ask Zhang Tie for this favor.

“Didn’t Tanin also ignite his Shrine burning point a long time ago and become a LV 1 soldier? How come he doesn’t seem as strong as Zhang Tie…” the fellow who just spoke rebutted as he shot an admiring glance at Zhang Tie. On one side, he helped lift the mining basket, while on the other, he mumbled, “Since he could survive despite falling into a 200 m hole dug by the Gold-Eating Boas, this guy truly is a freak!”

Zhang Tie didn’t know who this Tanin person was, but he could guess that he was an outstanding student. Listening to their discussion, Zhang Tie just gave a generous smile as he fabricated a lie, “To tell you the truth, doing mining work is really challenging, especially the part where you have to carry the mining basket out from the mine. As you know, I was not able to carry so many ores in the past; however, over the past few days, I had realized that when I chose to challenge my physical limits, once I clenched my teeth and stuck to it, I would always see an explosive growth in my physical strength at that moment. If you don’t believe me, you can have a try!”

Although Zhang Tie’s words were half true and half false and contained a little bit of mischief, Zhang Tie expressed it very seriously. If the two guys truly trusted him and wanted to experience this “very promising vocation”, it would have nothing to do with Zhang Tie. Certainly, one could get stronger through doing labor work; however, the amount of physical strength one could gain would depend on their fortune as well as their efforts.

Zhang Tie couldn’t help but laugh inwardly as he mumbled in his heart, “If you could enjoy a Leakless Fruit every week like me, then you would also see a rapid growth in your strength.”

These past few days, Zhang Tie would dig in the mines early in the morning before transferring the useless ores into the Castle of Black Iron. Afterwards, he would return to the tree base and would spend the entire afternoon cultivating the Iron-Blood Fist Skill. When comparing the cultivation of a fighting skill used by the monarchs of the Norman Empire to a bit of food that could only alleviate hunger, everyone knew which was more important, and Zhang Tie was no exception.

Presently, Barley and the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood had managed to dig five deep pits and had set more than 20 small traps made from twigs and stones. They had become increasingly proficient at setting traps. The power of their traps was put on full display as beasts would absolutely succumb to the fishy scent from the fish guts and the deep traps. Because of their traps, the Hit-Plane Brotherhood also gradually became famous among the students attending this survival training while some of the other fellows had begun to learn how to set traps from them.

After handing over the ores, Zhang Tie had received his rations and was prepared to return to the tree base, but right as he was about to step away, he saw a blue flag that could be seen from miles away hanging at the top of Wild Wolf Castle. A blue flag indicated that a foreign commercial transportation team had reached Wild Wolf Castle, and at the same time, the flag signaled that the students could come to Wild Wolf Castle to exchange items with the commercial team.

On the 20th day since the start of the survival training, the commercial transportation team that had set off from Blackhot City had finally arrived at Wild Wolf Castle. Their arrival made many people excited, as it meant that they could sell their items to the commercial team as well as purchase necessities.

As expected, the square of Wild Wolf Castle had already become boisterous, as many people surrounded the three transportation vehicles parked on one side of the square. Even Zhang Tie pushed his way inside the crowd. It was the first time for Zhang Tie to see such a transportation vehicle used in the wild. These vehicles were different than the public transport used in Blackhot City; these transportation vehicles that were used in the wild looked strange, as each of them looked like an ugly grasshopper. The vehicle had two low carriages, and its head was like a miniature, round locomotive that was embedded in a square building block, beside which was a tall chimney that was eye-catching. The wheels under its head were composed of two parts—continuous tracks at the front and solid tires in the back. On the second part of its head was a coal bunker. Every one of the wild transportation vehicles was more than 20 m in length. Aside from the onlookers, there were people who were unloading crates one after the other, which quickly occupied the space, turning them into trading platforms. After that, they opened the crates one by one and directly displayed them in front of the public. Most of the things contained in the crates were standard military rations from Blackhot City. Aside from the standard military rations, there were also some dried milk slices, dried meat, and sausages in the crates as well as some biological products used to make experiments.

An exclamation reverberated from the horny students next to one wild transportation vehicle at the side. Hearing their exclamations, Zhang Tie pushed his way over and became frightened at the sight before him—f*ck! When the crates were opened, shiny knives and pikes were put on display, greatly exciting the horny students so much that they began to immediately drool.

“Everyone, please take out everything you have, including hides, herbal medicine, crystal sand, and the other strange things that you don’t recognize. As long as you have something good, then you can exchange it with anything here,” A manager of the commercial transportation team jumped onto several crates and shouted loudly into a speaker made from a rolled up iron sheet, “Those who want to exchange your hides, move over there! Those who want to exchange you herbal medicines, move to the middle! Those who want to exchange your crystal sand and other eccentric things, come to me. Hurry up, what are you waiting for!?”

Hearing his words, many people became excited. The girls ran towards the inner castle, while the boys ran towards Wild Wolf Valley. When he thought of the wolf hides, Zhang Tie was also a bit moved. Seeing the goods brought by the commercial transportation team, Zhang Tie also prepared to go back to bring those hides acquired by the Hit-Plane Brotherhood to exchange them for some necessities like food. For necessities like food, the more they had, the better...

Before he left the square of Wild Wolf Castle, Zhang Tie couldn’t help but to look back at those shiny weapons. The knives and pikes lined up in rows had already been hung up in very eye-catching places. Zhang Tie became suspicious, as the commercial transportation teams had rarely brought weapons here in the past years.

……

“I don’t agree...” When the square outside Wild Wolf Castle was noisy, a quarrel was occurring in the office of the Temporary Supervision Committee. Miss Qili, who had given Zhang Tie an unforgettable “punishment” in the small square, was angrily glaring at a businessman with a mustache who was as slim as a stick of bamboo and was wearing a bright, silk hat in the office. “Since Goose-neck Grass and golden wolf marrow cannot be found in Wild Wolf Valley, if they want to collect Goose-neck Grass and golden wolf marrows, then the students would have to leave Wild Wolf Valley and enter deeper into the area between Wild Wolf Valley and the Crescent Prairie. However, that place is too far away from Wild Wolf Castle and there are numerous packs of wolves over there that could pose great dangers to the students attending the survival training!”



* * *





Chapter 94




Facing this quarrel in the conference room of the Temporary Supervision Committee, many of the people inside the room remained silent, while Captain Kerlin looked infuriated as the blue veins on his neck were moving up and down like miserable earthworms. In contrast, Mr. Zerom looked at the two people who were quarreling with a slightly gloomy expression. As for other teachers, some of them remained quiet, while others were whispering with the people beside them. Most of the teachers in the Temporary Supervision Committee protested against this mission.

“Everyone…” The slim and tall man with the bright, silky hat swept his gaze over the others and said in a commanding voice, “I am not here to negotiate with you. I am only here to tell you that Goose-neck Grass and golden wolf marrow are materials that Master Abyan needs to refine medication that’s urgently needed by the military of Blackhot City. Currently, the only place where we can acquire these two things is the Crescent Prairie. Coincidently, the teams participating in the survival training happened to be at Wild Wolf Castle, making your group the closest to Crescent Prairie. Thus, the administration of Blackhot City had entrusted me the task of bringing you this order. For these students, this is just more training and a challenge!”

“Do you want the brats to practice by risking their lives?” Mr. Zerom sneered.

“In which year has the survival training been calm and resulted in no one losing their lives!” the man with the silky hat rebutted calmly.

“Crescent Prairie is much more danger than Wild Wolf Valley because the wolves over there move in packs. Aside from that, there are LV 2 golden wolves, which cannot be dealt with by the average student. If the administration of Blackhot City is in need of Goose-neck Grass and golden wolf marrow, then they can send someone else here to collect them. There is no need to make the students do something like this that would make them risk their lives...” Captain Kerlin’s single eye glittered with a cold light.

“I have served in the military of Blackhot City for many years now, so how come I have never heard of Blackhot City’s military being so extravagant that they’re bringing along recovery medication?”

Perhaps it was because he had known about the one-eyed man’s bad temper or because of the one-eyed man’s strength, but the man with the silky hat became a bit reserved; however, he still spoke in a commanding tone, seemingly as if he didn’t care that his lie had been revealed before the people in front of him, “Captain Kerlin, although we are not qualified to meddle in the matters of the management of the Blackhot City military, we clearly know what has been happening these past few days in the outside world. Now that the relationship between the Andaman Alliance, Blackhot City included, and the Sun Dynasty have become increasingly tense, no surplus military people could be spared. At the same time, several of the big figures need to reserve some recovery medication, thus Master Abyan has been busy recently. This is just a small matter, and I will just release some missions in the name of the Temporary Supervision Committee. Since my superior has already agreed to this, I will be responsible for the details, and what you guys need to do is simply to coordinate with me...” As he said this, the man with the silky hat sneered, showing a typical face of a villain. “Of course, I know you are respected by the students attending this survival training, and I also know that most of them would follow your instructions. If anyone here wants to give me trouble during this mission, then feel free to do so; however, if I cannot complete this mission, then I will faithfully report what had happened here to Master Abyan and the administration of Blackhot City. Hei hei… at that time, you might not be able to deal with that person like you did with me!”

Hearing of Master Abyan and the current situation in the Andaman Alliance, everyone became silent. Master Abyan was the chief medical pharmacist of Blackhot City. He was a big figure with a great load of power and had a name that could greatly pressure everyone presently here. For the Andaman Alliance, the situation has been deteriorating for the past few days because of the reappearance of the Red-scarf Burglars, who had caused troubles and then disappeared. The Red-scarf Burglars had suddenly appeared and assaulted Lance City, one of the other cities in the Andaman Alliance. After causing a huge number of casualties and damages, they had once again escaped. Although they were chased by the guards of Lance City, they disappeared at the border between the Andaman Alliance and the Sun Dynasty. As for the guards who were chasing them, they were completely surrounded by the border army of the Sun Dynasty and were wiped out. At the sight of the several photos of the corpses of the guards from Lance City in the territory of the Sun Dynasty, the Sun Dynasty was rather furious as they condemned the Andaman Alliance for destroying the peace between the two parties by trespassing the border of the Sun Dynasty and starting a war. In response to this, the Sun Dynasty’s military had already started to gather at the border. Everyone knew that this was a scheme, but so what? This was not something that they could change in the least. Besides the Norman Empire, the Sun Dynasty had also finally revealed its intentions of wanting to occupy the Andaman Alliance. Hearing this news had already caused the entire Andaman Alliance to be frightened...

“It’s just several golden wolves and a few wolf packs. It isn’t too bad, as it’s possible that the students would have to face the Norman Empire and the Sun Dynasty!” seeing as how no one had uttered a single word, the man with the silky hat added.

“Every student is free to make their own decision during the survival training. Nobody is allowed to force them to do anything, not even the administration of Blackhot City and Master Abyan!” Captain Kerlin fixed his gaze onto the man with the silky hat. “This is our bottom line.”

“Heh heh… Don’t worry! I believe that there are some students out there that would cooperate with me without me having to force them!” The man with the silky hat sneered with confidence...

……

Ten minutes later, standing by the windowsill of the outer castle, at the sight of the increasing number of students in front of the mission notice below the outer castle, Captain Kerlin angrily slammed his fist onto the granite windowsill, causing a large piece of stone to fall from the windowsill. Turning his head, Captain Kerlin stared at Mr. Zerom, who looked a bit gloomy. “Zerom, you have the best brain here. You tell me, because of the events that had happened within the month, have all the big figures already prepared to retreat?”

“There’s no need to explain how a lion would eat a rabbit—those were the words Marshal Lin Changjiang, the leader and governor of the northern border army of the Norman Empire, gave when the Foreign Ministry of the Norman Empire inquired him. Marshal Lin Changjiang had ordered the Foreign Ministry of the Norman Empire to pass along his words without missing a single one, and that is what the Foreign Ministry of the Norman Empire did...” Mr. Zerom also sneered. “Previously, the lords of the Andaman Alliance thought that they could just curse the Norman Empire as usual as they used the event that had transpired in Blackhot City to finally solve the dispute, while at the same time they would steadily make money; however, nobody could have expected that the Norman Empire didn’t even have the patience to do superficial things and had instead directly shown their intention to attack Blackhot City. Seeing their intentions, it’s within expectations that those fellows who only care about their own business would prepare to escape for their lives. Recovery medication? That’s bullsh*t. Even when others want to chop off their heads, they’re still hurriedly trying to gather some recovery medication. Even when they’re going to lose their lives, they’re still thinking about making money. The reason that Blackhot city could not send out enough people to collect Goose-neck Grass and golden wolf marrow lies in the low compensation. If they could raise the compensation by three to five times, then there would definitely be a great number of pioneers and adventurers who would like to make extra gains in the Crescent Prairie by collecting Goose-neck Grass and golden wolf marrow, both of which are not highly valuable in the least. If they had truly increased the compensation, then the turn to make a profit would never have belonged to Samira, that fellow who’s always looking for an opportunity to be promoted. If they had truly increased the compensation, then they would not cause the students attending the survival training here to have to take on such great risks!” Saying this, Mr. Zerom heaved a deep sigh. “Previously, we wanted the students to be able to safely complete the survival training as well as leaving them a good memory, but now, it seems that it is impossible!”

As he said this, Mr. Zerom turned around and solemnly looked at Captain Kerlin. “When this survival training ends, I will resign and leave Blackhot city...”

“You want to leave?” Captain Kerlin looked at Zerom with wide opened eyes.

“I have been thinking it over these past few days. Can’t you see it? Chaos will soon arrive. The big figures in the Sun Dynasty, the Norman Empire, and even in the entire Blackson Human Corridors have already made various preparations for the future. Perhaps in the next three years, five years, or even a decade, the third Holy War between humans and the demons will break out. When that time comes, tens or hundreds of billions of people would turn into corpses as numerous countries and cities will be burned to ruins. However, nobody knows how long the third Holy War would last, and neither do they know whether humans would exist after it. In such troubled times, people will see no bright future by following those who only care about their small business. If I want to find safety, then I will have to find a bigger person since I don’t want to be cannon fodder for those fellows with the silky hats.. What about you? Do you want to go with me? How about leaving together?”

Captain Kerlin frowned as he was currently in an internal struggle. Because of what had happened today, he became frustrated when he connected the events that had happened in Blackhot City and the Andaman Alliance, causing his over ten years of loyalty towards the management of Blackhot City to waver. Given what Zerom had said, Captain Kerlin also sensed the aggression from the words of Lin Changjiang, the commander-in-chief of the Northern Border Army who had infuriated all the soldiers, who were still hot-blooded and wanted to repel the Norman Empire’s invasion, of Blackhot City. But, what was the parliament of the Andaman Alliance doing? What was Blackhot City doing? Neither of them had declared war against the Norman Empire’s invasion nor were they prepared to fight to the death; instead, they were quarreling with each other. In the parliament of the Andaman Alliance, there was a great number of people who were shouting loudly to transfer the testimonies and physical evidence collected from the incident from several days ago when the Niumen Business Group colluded with the Red-scarf Burglars to Andaman City. They had requested to hold a motherf*cking hearing in the parliament, and Blackhot City had become flustered and agreed to their request since they wanted to work together to prolong the amount of time they had to prepare for their fight against the Norman Empire. Such a performance had really made Captain Kerlin disappointed. At the same time, the Andaman Alliance’s timidness was fully exposed. The people who only cared about counting gold coins and making small business might be able to live well in a peaceful age; however, in troubled times such as now, they could only be a piece of fat on the kneading board that would be freely chopped by others.

“Are you still thinking about Miss Daina? Are you still afraid that that great beauty isn’t ready to go out with you?” Zerom put it straightforwardly, completely hitting the mark at what Captain Kerlin was concerned about.

Hearing him mention Miss Daina, Captain Kerlin’s face instantly blushed. He then rebutted like a kid, “So what!? I have already saved up enough money. I can immediately buy a house near Bright Avenue that’s more than 100 square meters...”

“Wow, how romantic you are! You are truly a god-created couple...” Zerom showed a strange smile.

“B*stard...” Captain Kerlin threw a punch towards Zerom. Having long been prepared, Zerom instantly slid to the side and exited through the door, causing Captain Kerlin to fail to hit him.

“Trust me, Kerlin, you two are not suitable for each other!” Before leaving, Zerom told Captain Kerlin seriously.

“Nonsense. I feel that Miss Daina treats me well!” Captain Kerlin stuck to rebut.

“That’s just your misconception!”

“Why are you saying that?”

“Have you ever heard of a wild goose falling in love with a bear?” After saying this, without even glancing at Captain Kerlin’s infuriated face, Zerom quickly escaped. “I have to keep an eye on that man with the silky hat. If he goes too far, then I’m afraid I’ll have to give him some trouble. Luckily, my students are all clever. I hope your students are as rational as mine!”



* * *





Chapter 95




When Zhang Tie along with Doug and Barley returned to the small square with a large amount of items, he found that the square was many times more boisterous than when he had left. In front of the several exchange points, there were groups of students standing in lines as they held onto the items they were planning to exchange with the stuff brought by the commercial transportation team.

Zhang Tie and the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood had mainly brought hides; they had brought five wolf hides, three of which were hunted by Zhang Tie, a hedgehog hide, and two rabbit hides. Although these hides were not too valuable, they could still be exchanged for a lot of food. Although the hides had been tanned, they still released a weird smell in the tree base, thus if they were able to sell off these hides this time, then it would allow their tree base to smell a little better.

“Bighead, what do you want to exchange your three wolf hides for?” Barley asked.

“Just exchange them all for rations.”

“Don’t you need money? These items could easily sell for more than 20 silver coins!”

“We don’t need money at the moment. What we need right now is food, which is why I prefer to exchange for food. As long as we pass this survival training, all is well!” Zhang Tie smiled.

Barley glanced at Zhang Tie with a strange look. He didn’t know what had happened to Zhang Tie; Barley felt that Zhang Tie had been more relaxed when dealing with things. His decisions carried a bit of laziness, but it was mixed with braveness and decisiveness. Could this be an effect of the Iron-Blood Fist? No, it’s not like that. Barley couldn’t convince himself at all, as they were all practicing the Iron-Blood Fist using the same book, so how could Zhang Tie improve so much faster than the others? Not to mention that Barley had also noticed that Zhang Tie was changing spiritually, but Barley was confused at how Zhang Tie, a guy who only dug in the mines and practiced the Iron-Blood Fist skill together with them every day, could make a spiritual breakthrough.

Is doing mining work that effective? Should I give it a try myself?

“Fine, then do whatever you want. Doug and I are enough to queue up here!” Hearing fatty Barley’s words, Doug, who was standing beside him, also patted his chest with a grin. During the past week, Doug had gotten used to flattering Zhang Tie.

There truly wasn’t a need for three people to line up here, so seeing that Doug and Barley were already standing in line, Zhang Tie then decided to wander around the small square. Seeing that there were many onlookers near the gate of Wild Wolf Castle, Zhang Tie also moved there.

The moment Zhang Tie drew close, he heard several guys fervently talking about the missions on the notice board.

“If only I could get some Goose-neck Grass… One stick of Goose-neck Grass is almost worth more than one gold coin! That amount could be exchanged for a good machete or a sword!”

“There’s also the golden wolf. If one kills a golden wolf, then you could acquire the marrow in the spine of the wolf, which is even more valuable than a stick of Goose-neck Grass. Not to mention a good machete or sword, you could even exchange it for 3 kg of meat and 7 kg of rations! If I could kill a golden wolf, then I wouldn’t have to worry about my life for the next couple of weeks...”

“But, it’s not that easy to get those items. Haven’t you read the notice? We can only get them by the border of Wild Wolf Valley and the Crescent Prairie, which is 30 km away. I have heard that there are dozens of times more wolf packs over in the Crescent Prairie when compared to Wild Wolf Valley. Facing dozens or even hundreds of wolves… we could easily be torn apart, leaving not even a single bone behind...”

Hearing their words, Zhang Tie slightly frowned before pushing his way through the crowd and arriving below the notice board. At the top of the notice board were the missions on hunting golden wolves and picking Goose-neck Grass. Aside from the notices, they had especially hung two large pictures, one of the golden wolf and the other the Grass-neck Grass, respectively to the left and right of the notice boards, ensuring that everyone knew what they looked like. A man with a silky hat that was as slim as a stick of bamboo was inciting the onlookers below the notice board as his saliva sprayed everywhere in the air.

“Master Abyan is the chief medicinal pharmacist of Blackhot City, and he needs golden wolf marrow and Goose-neck Grass since both are raw materials needed to concoct recovery medication. Do you know what recovery medication is? Recovery medication is a marvelous medicine that can allow the fighters of Blackhot City to heal and recover their strength as soon as possible after being wounded on the battlefield...” At this moment, the man with the silky hat raised his hands and exclaimed, “Brave, young men! Do you know what’s currently happening in Blackhot City? The evil Norman Empire has already been showing their machetes towards Blackhot City and your family. Soon, Blackhot City could very well end up in a bloody fight with the army of the Norman Empire. For the sake of Blackhot City and your relatives who may join the army of Blackhot City, please go and bring back golden wolf marrows and Goose-neck Grass! Every stick of Goose-neck Grass could possibly save your relative’s life. Master Abyan, the revered chief medicinal pharmacist of Blackhot city, is now in need of these two items. Brave young men, brave men from Blackhot city, take your machetes and swords and march on towards the Crescent Prairie! Use the corpses of the golden wolves and the Golden-neck Grass to display your braveness! Look! Those beauties are watching you present your braveness...”

The words from the man with the silky hat were extremely aggressive. Combined with his passionate voice and the mood, he had created a splendid performance. As a result, many people among the onlookers became excited and were ferociously discussing with each other, as it was the first time for everyone to hear about what was happening between the Norman Empire and Blackhot City.

“Tell us, what is happening between the Norman Empire and Blackhot City right now?” a young man among the onlookers asked loudly.

“You guys really don’t know? Haven’t your teachers told you about it? Several days ago, a very terrible incident had happened in Blackhot City. The northern border army of the Norman Empire have been grooming their war horses and training their troops in preparations to invade Blackhot City, your hometown. That’s why, Blackhot City is currently in its weakest state. This is the most critical moment for the brave men of Blackhot City to stand out and do something for the sake of their hometown...”

At this moment, the crowd became restless. Since they have stayed here for almost 20 days now, many of them truly did not know what was happening in Blackhot City. Having been incited by Samira, everyone became restless.

Within the crowd, Zhang Tie frowned, as he instinctively felt that there was something wrong with the words spoken by the man with the silky hat. Although the others didn’t know what recovery medication was, Zhang Tie certainly knew what it was, as he had worked in Donder’s grocery store for a long time and that store even had two of such items. According to Donder, in Blackhot City, even the price of the lowest quality recovery medication would never drop below 10 gold coins. This was simply something that was never meant to be available to the commoners and common soldiers. However, this bastard had lied to them and was inciting them to go get these two items in the Crescent Prairie, causing them to lose their mind. It was obvious that he had bad intentions towards them.

Sweeping his gaze over the flustered students, Zhang Tie instantly saw Zerom frowning and gloomily glaring at the man who was gritting his teeth and loudly inciting the student. Rolling his eyes, an idea came to Zhang Tie’s mind.

He silently retreated back into the crowd and lowered his body before shouting loudly.

“Everyone, don’t listen to him! That guy is telling a lie! He wants us to be cannon fodder in Crescent Prairie. Even the most common of recovery medication would cost more than 10 gold coins per vial and is simply something our relatives cannot afford. We should listen to our teachers. If something has happened in Blackhot City, then our teachers would let us know. Don’t listen to that strange fellow’s provocative words...”

Although these young, horny students were always impulsive, it wasn’t as if there was something wrong with their minds. Hearing Zhang Tie’s warning, many of the horny students realized that they didn’t have a reason to trust this strange fellow. At the very least, was there a relationship between a recovery medication that was worth more than ten gold coins and their relatives? Why should they have to risk their lives in the Crescent Prairie?

Standing below the notice board, Samira was so angry that his face had even begun to twitch. Earlier, he was waiting for a great number of students to help him make money, but unexpectedly, someone had jumped out to give him trouble and had exposed him.

“Who!? Who said that!? Come out!” Samira hysterically growled with a vicious expression while his eyes swept over the crowd of many students before him.

After stealthily moving to another place, Zhang Tie pinched his nose and shouted again, “That fellow gets exposed and now he’s infuriated. Brothers, look at his terrifying triangular eyes that are in the shape of a poisonous snake’s head. That’s definitely what a sinister person looks like! A kind-hearted person would not have such terrifying, triangular eyes. Tell your friends not to be cheated by that guy! Don’t help him make money by risking your lives! We will stay in Wild Wolf Valley and never go to the Crescent Prairie...”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, the horny students began to fervently discuss and many of them had even begun to study the shape of Samira’s eyes. Descriptive words like “terrifying triangular eyes”, “the shape of a poisonous snake’s head”, and “how a sinister person looks like” were really lethal. At this time, Samira became so furious that he jumped up from the ground and his face had turned purple. However, facing the doubting eyes, he had no other choice but to force a smile...

As the students were noisily discussing, Zhang Tie silently slid out from the crowd and went to meet up with Barley and Doug. Seeing what was happening in the crowd, Zerom’s expression was really resplendent. Since the moment Zhang Tie had spoken, he had already realized that it was Zhang Tie’s voice. What Zhang Tie had performed just now had really shocked him. He would never have expected that Zhang Tie could see through Samira’s lies and would alert the onlookers by shouting in public, all the while not being caught. Zhang Tie had done everything that Zerom had wanted to and had even done it perfectly. As Zhang Tie was leaving, those excited, horny animals had already begun to discuss Samira’s looks and his terrifying, triangular eyes...

Zhang Tie had exchanged his three wolf hides for a bit more than 4 kg of rations, though Barley said that Zhang Tie had suffered a loss, as the price of the three wolf hides were more than 20 silver coins and the commercial transportation team had only given Zhang Tie ten silver coins worth of rations. Seeing this, Doug had also become furious.

Despite this, Zhang Tie didn’t particularly care about it; instead, he placated Barley and Doug. As they were about to leave Wild Wolf Castle, Zhang Tie had caught sight of Burwick. Surrounded by a great number of people, Burwick walked over high-spiritedly, while every person following him was holding onto several wolf hides. With a casual glance, one could see approximately a hundred wolf hides...

Everybody gave way to Burwick. At that moment, Burwick was extremely eye-catching. However, at the sight of Burwick’s calm face that hid his pride, Zhang Tie suddenly thought of the man with the silky hat.

“Could Burwick be working with Samira?”

A thought suddenly came to Zhang Tie’s mind!

“What is happening in Blackhot City? Has the letter I sent to the military of Blackhot been received? Did it catch the eyes of the management of Blackhot City ? Are mom, dad, and elder brother ok?”

What that guy had said still silently shocked Zhang Tie’s mind.

Soon after Zhang Tie, Barley, and Doug had left Wild Wolf Castle, the Temporary Supervision Committee, who was responsible for this survival training, posted a notice in the square of Wild Wolf Castle, which introduced what had happened between Blackhot City and the Andaman Alliance in the past weeks. All the horny students learned that many big events had happened in Blackhot City and Andaman Alliance within the month they had attended the survival training. Knowing that the Norman Empire and the Sun Dynasty were baring their sharp fangs so quickly towards Blackhot City and the Andaman Alliance, everybody was startled.

Could it be that a war between the Andaman Alliance, the Norman Empire, and the Sun Dynasty was waiting for their graduation?

A special atmosphere started to cover Wild Wolf Valley!

……



* * *





Chapter 96




On the highest point of Wild Wolf Castle, besides the blue flag, there was another flag; there was a red flag raised up, which meant that important news or a notice had been released. Even from several kilometers away from Wild Wolf Castle, everyone could see that red flag.

On the evening when Zhang Tie had sent back Pandora and a group of girls who had wanted to form a team with the Hit-Plane Brotherhood to Wild Wolf Castle, Zhang Tie had already known of the contents of that notice.

Compared to the amazed expressions of the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, Zhang Tie had already mentally prepared himself for the arrival of this piece of news. While everyone in Wild Wolf Valley was noisily discussing the situation in Blackhot City, not a single one of them knew that Zhang Tie was the one who had accidentally triggered the entire incident in Blackhot City. This event was the hottest topic both in Wild Wolf Valley and Blackhot City. As for the identity of the one that had sent out the letter which started the entire incident in Blackhot City, nobody was able to give an answer; however, the government of Blackhot City did exert all their efforts in an attempt to find this person, but in the end, it was still not enough to reverse the flow of time back to the day when the mysterious person had sent that letter through the mailbox by the post office located in the city square of Blackhot City. It had already turned into a secret that would never be revealed. It was only when this event had broken out in Blackhot City that everyone knew that the Red-scarf Burglars, who were well-prepared and were conspiring with the Niumuen Business Group to take over Blackhot City both internally and externally, had been lurking in a hidden location that was less than 150 km away from Blackhot City. When the Niumuen Business Group was swept out by the army of Blackhot City and had schemes exposed, the Red-scarf Burglars retreated from their hiding spot like a pack of wolves, and when they had reappeared, they caused a disaster in Lance City and involved the Sun Dynasty in this chaos, leading them to confronting the Andaman Alliance.

“Mysterious Warner”—that was the nickname that Zhang Tie had received when the incident broke out in Blackhot City. Some said that the “Mysterious Warner’, the person who had started the incident in Blackhot City, was a bandit that was part of the Red-scarf Burglars, some said that this “Mysterious Warner” was a top fighter who lived in seclusion in Blackhot City, while there were also some who said that this “Mysterious Warner” was a political enemy of Marshal Lin Changjiang, the governor of the northern border of the Norman Empire… There were all kinds of speculations about the “Mysterious Warner”; however, no one had guessed that the “Mysterious Warner” was actually just an ordinary youth from an ordinary national male middle school situated in Blackhot City that was currently attending a survival training in Wild Wolf Valley. Not to mention, the same youth had even almost destroyed an influential figure’s intention to obtain recovery medication in Blackhot City.

Sometimes, there were rumors that were grounded with strong logic, and there were also various possibilities that seemed true; however, truth was something that was always extremely dramatic, as the people’s daily lives and the earthly world doesn’t give one the opportunity to be rational and logical. This was just like a famous story on the well-known Butterfly Effect[1]. There was once a blacksmith who had dropped a nail on the ground, which later injured a horse’s hoof. Because the horse was wounded, the knight who rode it lost a battle, which directly influenced the war between two nations, finally leading to the destruction of a country.

Zhang Tie had learned this theory in science class at school. It was only when he had heard of the incident in Blackhot City did Zhang Tie realize that what he had rightly done was drop the nail that wounded the horse’s hoof. After walking into Huck, who had already been killed by Zhang Tie, near the railway station, he had changed so many things.

The “nail” had truly changed some of the details and slowed the development of the situation; however, the Norman Empire and the Sun Dynasty were already rolling without stop towards the Andaman Alliance and Blackhot City, much like huge wheels with unstoppable momentum. Just the start of the huge, rolling wheels had already created great waves in Wild Wolf Valley.

Many of the people here had to serve in the army after graduation, which meant that they would have to directly face these two huge forces, the Norman Empire and the Sun Dynasty, and perhaps they may even fight the army of these two countries on the battlefield, thus all the students attending the survival training in Wild Wolf Valley felt as if a huge burden had been placed on their fates. Facing the incoming and uncertain future, many people felt confused and frightened.

Tonight, with the exception of Zhang Tie, everyone else in the Hit-Plane Brotherhood was trying their best to cultivate the basic skills of Iron-Blood Fist. They continued to do so until they were all extremely fatigued and were gasping as they laid on the grass.

In truth, Zhang Tie could actually stick to it for a while longer; however, when he saw Bagdad, with eyes fixed on him, practicing the Lying-Tiger Stake as the blue veins on his forehead especially stood out, Zhang Tie could only pretend to be exhausted before throwing himself onto the ground. Ten seconds after Zhang Tie had “given up”, Bagdad, who was no longer able to hold on, also heaved a deep sigh and ended his practice. For Bagdad, if he couldn’t remain the strongest fighter in the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, then it would be a great strike to his pride.

Two moons hung in the sky—one was a silver crescent, while the other was a pale blue full moon; one was big, while the other was small. The moonlight cascaded down and enveloped Wild Wolf Valley with a layer of a beautiful, pale blue, and white brilliance. Accompanied by the two moons, the stars in the sky looked particularly splendent, the cicadas on the Dragon-Claw Trees were chirping, the crickets in the grass were tweeting, while the howls of the looming wolves drifted over; the entire Wild Wolf Valley was extremely tranquil.

The members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood simply laid there and silently looked at the sky for more than ten minutes.

“If I was killed on the battlefield, someone who is still alive among you must remember to hand over my pension to my family since that amount of money could allow my two younger brothers to live a bit better!” Sharwin silently opened his mouth. Sharwin was good in all aspects, except he was too pessimistic sometimes.

“You’d better stay alive. If you die, we would only use your pension to sleep with women and let your bastard dad and two younger brothers go to hell!” Hista cursed.

“Bastard!” Sharwin cursed in a low voice before he laughed out loudly.

“I heard the Iron-Horn Army Group under the flagship of Lin Changjiang, the governor of the Northern Border Army Group of Norman Empire, and the Brilliant Feathers of the Sun Dynasty are both composed of war maniacs and madmen. Do you think we might encounter them?” Doug said dejectedly.

“Don’t be that pessimistic. We should not be that unlucky to have to fight against the armies of the Norman Empire and the Sun Dynasty. As for the entire Andaman Alliance, those two countries are two super powers, each of whom is much more powerful than the Andaman Alliance. Because of this great gap in force, if there truly is a battle with any one of the two countries, the Andaman Alliance would definitely lose. Since the wealthy big figures are definitely more afraid of death than us, I think that a war would not break out. For the Andaman Alliance, this is a war that they are doomed to lose, and they would never bet on this war at the risk of their own lives. Two kids with the same strength might fight over a piece of candy, but a tough man would never fight a kid, let alone two tough men fighting a kid at the same time...” Lying on the ground, Leit said so.

“Hmm, I feel that Leit’s words are reasonable. We don’t need to feel that stressed!” Barley added.

“Even if a war doesn’t break out, the Andaman Alliance would still not have a bright future. In the history of Blackson Human Clan Corridor, it has always consisted of at most 70 city-states; however, this number has been gradually decreasing. In the end, every city-state would see one of two outcomes. The first would be the emergence of a talented or mighty figure who would unite them all into a country. The other would be that the city-states would break apart and be annexed by the surrounding powers. For the Andaman Alliance, it doesn’t have a talented or mighty figure, and under their eyes, the Norman Empire and the Sun Dynasty would never allow it to become a united country, thus the final outcome for the Andaman Alliance and Blackhot City might be being annexed by either the Norman Empire or the Sun Dynasty. Once annexed, this region would face high coercion for at least the next few dozen years. If this matter cannot be settled through peaceful manners, then even if we don’t die on the battlefields, we would not be able to live well in the future...” Sharwin continued to speak in a pessimistic way.

Hearing Sharwin’s words, everyone became silent once again. No one rebutted, as they all knew that Sharwin was telling the heaviest and undeniable truth.

“So you’re saying that even if we’re not cannon fodder on the battlefield, we would be slaves after our country dies. Hmm, although the Andaman Alliance and Blackhot City cannot be considered a country, it's almost the same!” Hista said dejectedly.

“For this event, I feel… it will be settled through peaceful means!” Barley said in an unconfident and low voice.

“But, I have always felt that something is off. The Andaman Alliance, the Sun Dynasty, and the Norman Empire have maintained peace for over half a century, so why are they giving us trouble now at the same time?” Doug suddenly hit the key point like an idiot.

Not knowing the reason, when he heard Doug’s words, Zhang Tie suddenly thought back to the squirrels that were busily storing pine nuts in the trees to survive through the winter.

“No matter what reason it is, if it is related to us, we will know about it sooner or later. That’s why, we don’t need to rack our brains on that matter...” Bagdad gloomily said. “The most important thing for us right now is to improve our own strength. As you know, in this age, people without strength will not have freedom. Only when we have strength could we control our own fate. If we are well-practiced in the Iron-Blood Fist Skill, then why would we need to be concerned about these boring questions?”

“Bighead, why are you silent? Aren’t you worried...” Lying on the ground, Barley turned his head and asked Zhang Tie.

“I think you are all right. But to tell you the truth, I don’t really care about the future of Blackhot City and the Andaman Alliance too much. Perhaps it is because I am Chinese, a minority in Blackhot City of the Andaman Alliance. I am not able to assume any more responsibilities for the fate of the Andaman Alliance and Blackhot City. My family has already sacrificed one life for the Andaman Alliance and Blackhot City. No matter what, I do not want my family to sacrifice another life for them, and neither would I make such a sacrifice. I only have a few desires in my life. As long as my loved ones can live well, as long as I have enough money and beloved women, then I will be satisfied...” Looking at the beautiful stars in the sky, Zhang Tie forced a smile. What happened in Blackhot City and the Andaman Alliance really shocked him a lot. Although he had changed the speed of the development to some degree, he realized he couldn’t change the final outcome. At the very least, the fate of his loved ones have not changed at all. This was the cause of the feelings of frustrations and powerlessness that small figures would feel.

Bagdad’s words were true. Instead of hoping for the world to develop like your imagination, it was better to make yourself stronger, as this was true strength. In contrast, everything else was bullsh*t. For Zhang Tie himself, if he wanted to become powerful, he would have to depend on the Castle of Black Iron and the small tree within.

Although Zhang Tie had never thought that he was selfish, sometimes, the Castle of Black Iron and the small tree brought Zhang Tie a sense of selfishness. If this age could be seen as a large wheel that was rolling forward, then Zhang Tie felt that, with the exception of himself, who was someone who could jump out of its path and stay in his own world, everyone else could only be chased by the large wheel that surged forth as they oozed sweat all over. The world where Zhang Tie stayed in was also a wheel that only belonged to Zhang Tie. Although it was very small, Zhang Tie could happily push it forward in a speed faster than the others. Soon after, the others would be far behind him and his world. Zhang Tie felt that he was truly a bit heartless; although everyone else was concerned about the future of Blackhot City and the Andaman ALliance, he was just thinking about how many mining baskets filled with ores he should move into the Castle of Black Iron in order to quickly increase the amount of basic energy storage inside. While everyone was worried about turning into slaves in the occupied areas in the future, Zhang Tie was thinking about his circumcision after the completion of the survival training. “ Damn it! It truly does not feel good to be a virgin among a group of horny students.” Honestly, Zhang Tie really didn’t think that the fate of the Andaman Alliance and Blackhot city was more important than his circumcision surgery. “Am I selfish? If this is being selfish, then I prefer to be selfish. Who f*cking decided that the future of the Andaman Alliance and Blackhot City is more important than my future? Who the f*ck decided that the ‘sexual pleasures’ of the privileged figures are more important than my ‘sexual pleasures’? Who the f*ck decided that a small figure like me has to share difficulties with the big figures, but not the pleasures? F*ck, I will do what I can do and I will enjoy myself. So what!?”

In the current situation, it was as if many naked people were struggling to rush forward in the snowfield in order to escape the snowstorm that was chasing them. In contrast, Zhang Tie was sitting inside the train and was eating hot pot, leaving the group of people behind along with the “crack crack” sounds made by the moving train. This was another lifestyle that had been brought by the Castle of Black Iron and that small tree. If he didn’t have the small tree and the Castle of Black Iron, then Zhang Tie would have been just like them; he would have been a member of the people rushing forward in the snowfield as they tried to escape from the snowstorm that was chasing them. Fortunately, he had that small tree and the Castle of Black Iron, allowing him to sit in the train to enjoy hot pot. If he could enjoy such a good treatment, then why not enjoy it? Anyone with a normal mind would make this choice!

……

It was Zhang Tie’s turn to be on duty for the first half of the evening tonight. Crouching in a pit on the tree, Zhang Tie watched and listened to the surroundings while visualizing an abacus in his mind as he practiced mental arithmetic using the abacus. He practiced various operations. He did addition and subtraction with numbers between 1 to 1000. He did multiplication with any two digit numbers, any two digit numbers with three digit numbers, and any two digit numbers with four digit numbers; he had even done the reverse with division. Over the past few days, Zhang Tie hadn’t give up on practicing mental arithmetics using the abacus, and as a result, he has made steady improvements to his calculation skills. Now, with just a glimpse, he would easily get the answer of any addition or subtraction problem within three digits, and any multiplication or division problem between two digit numbers. Additionally, as a benefit of his boring yet self-gratifying training, his spiritual energy had also gradually increased. Compared to his spiritual energy when he had started the survival training, Zhang Tie’s spiritual energy had already increased by about 2%.

It was only when Barley had replaced him for the second half of the night did Zhang Tie climb back into his own hole to sleep. At the sight of Zhang Tie, Barley was also curious. While the others always looked extremely tired the morning after their duty, how come this guy becomes even more high-spirited when he finishes his duty? Could it be that he had adapted to the nightlife?

After he finished practicing mental arithmetic using the abacus, Zhang Tie lied down, but he did not fall asleep; instead, he silently injected his spiritual energy into the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit, leading to him entering another virtual world...

……

It was the same dusk, the same valley, the same path, the same grass where the wolves had drilled out and charged towards him. Zhang Tie waved his dagger towards them...

Several minutes later, the three wolves turned into corpses once again. Looking at that wound on his hand that was left by the sharp fang of one of the wolves, Zhang Tie shook his head…

Boom...

Everything turned into specks of lights.

……

One minute later, after Zhang Tie injected his spiritual energy into that Trouble-Reappearance Fruit to activate the same scene once again, Zhang Tie entered it for the second time tonight.

It was the same dusk, the same valley, the same path, and the same grass...

This time, Zhang Tie changed his “trick”. Before the wolves had drilled out of the grass, Zhang Tie had already rushed into the grass to fight the three wolves with his dagger. However, after this trial, Zhang Tie realized that grass was more restrictive to humans than it was to wolves. In fact, the latter even had more advantages in the grass. The result of this fight was that Zhang Tie once again became afraid of death and pain...

……

Zhang Tie then exited the scene and rushed inside one minute later...

Zhang Tie repeated this process until his spiritual energy was exhausted. When he could no longer activate the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit, he fell asleep.

……

The other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood would never know that this guy sleeping beside them had already experienced eight life-or-death fights with three wolves in a hidden place which only existed in Zhang Tie’s mind within half an hour since he finished his duty. Through fighting many times, Zhang Tie had suffered less wounds than before, and the three wolves had died faster than before...

Before he fell asleep, one last thought appeared in his mind—maybe I should jump into that deep hole left by the Gold-Eating Boas again tomorrow and see what kind of feeling it will give...

[1] Butterfly Effect: A small matter triggers successively bigger events. Read more here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butterfly_effect



* * *





Chapter 97




Today, the news of Burwick leading his “Male Lion Association”, which was composed of a group of horny students from the Seventh National Male Middle School, to cooperate with the Samira Business Group from Blackhot City had become the biggest news in Wild Wolf Castle. They had marched towards Crescent Prairie to hunt golden wolves as well as to pick Goose-neck Grass.

To support them, the Samira Business Group had provided Burwick’s team several crates of rations and had also gifted Burwick a war blade, an entire set of armor, and several sets of equipment used to hunt wolves. With these items in hand, Burwick and his lackeys held a magnificent pledge ceremony in the square of Wild Wolf Castle. After the pledge ceremony, Burwick, like a general, led the group of more than 200 “Male Lion Association” members to march towards Crescent Prairie.

Almost one fifth of the students attending this survival training from the Seventh National Male Middle School followed Burwick to prepare for the march towards Crescent Prairie.

At this pledge ceremony, in the square, many girls screamed Burwick’s name as their eyes were fixed on Burwick’s fascinating smile and his brilliant blonde hair. Currently, Burwick had been so well known among the students attending this survival training that he was even regarded as the best one among all the students who were attending this survival training.

Because of the magnificent scene, many of the horny students became hot-blooded, as even they had dreamed of being Burwick, someone who could enjoy the cheers from the girls. The news of Burwick leading his team on their march towards Crescent Valley to hunt the LV 2 golden wolves and to forage for Goose-neck Grass, which were ingredients that could be used to save lives, was publicized in a heroic manner by the Samira’s Business Group as they called it a righteous action, causing Burwick to turn into a hero as well as the most brilliant star in this survival training in the eyes of many girls. .

While Burwick became the star in the eyes of all the other students, Zhang Tie, who was like a miner, was watching Buwick’s brilliance as he stood on one side of the square. He had been wearing the same mining clothes for three consecutive days. Mining was something which made it hard for people to remain clean and tidy, and as such, Zhang Tie’s clothes and face both looked dirty. After working hard for an entire morning, the sweat covering his forehead and temples would sketch several clear mud marks onto his face. Simply by being close to him, girls with a keen sense of smell would be able to smell his sweat. Compared to the general-like Burwick, who was equipped with an entire set of armor, Zhang Tie was absolutely a peasant; there truly was a sharp contrast between them.

Zhang Tie looked at those high-spirited, horny students of the “Male Lion Association” with eyes that contained a slight gloominess and sympathy as he cursed inwardly—idiots!

Burwick’s ambitions and his mercilessness had both shocked Zhang Tie as well as made him alert. Because a golden wolf was a LV 2 beast, even Burwick, a LV 1 soldier who had ignited his Shrine burning point, should know that no matter how well the members of the Male Lion Association could cooperate with each other, if they wanted to keep the marrow fresh when they sent it to Blackhot City, then they would have to surround the golden wolves before hunting them. If a group of LV 0 soldiers were to do this, then there would definitely be casualties. Despite this, Burwick was still prepared to use his influence and the trust placed in him by those horny students to go through with this. This meant that those horny students were merely stepping stones in his heart, ones which could be sacrificed at any time. If Glaze was a ferocious wolf who was ready to bare his fangs, then Burwick would be a wolf in sheep’s clothing. Burwick was more sinister and more terrifying, as he had hidden his ambitions and mercilessness, pretending to be harmless among a pack of sheep, thus he looked much more dangerous and was able to confuse others.

Zhang Tie didn’t intend to be something great nor did he plan to be some motherf*cking righteous messenger. He felt that even if he spoke up at this moment, it would not work on those horny guys, as the blood had already rushed to their head. Anyone who was able to capture a golden wolf or pick a stalk of Goose-neck Grass would be rewarded with an excellent war blade. Although this compensation given by the Samira Business Group was very cheap, for many students, it still made the blood rush to their heads. Exchanging one’s life for a weapon that would be used to serve others at the cost of one’s life—Zhang Tie truly looked down on such compensation and felt as if it was an insult to his intelligence. However, facing such compensation, some of the horny students looked extremely excited, which really caused Zhang Tie to be at a loss for words. Perhaps those horny students still dreamt of being referred to Master Abyan by the Samira Business Group if they performed well, letting him know of their name and perhaps allowing them to become his assistant or apprentice. To become an assistant or an apprentice of Master Abyan was a rare opportunity that was akin to taking a step towards heaven. There was no person who didn’t want to become the next Li Shizhen, a student from the Seventh National Male Middle School from many years ago who had been chosen to be an apprentice of the Pharmacists Association. However, because this promise was made by the man with the silky hat named Samira, Zhang Tie completely treated it as bullsh*t. Nevertheless, there were still many people who trusted his words. Those fellows didn’t realize that even if Samira’s words were true, Burwick would be the one to obtain the opportunity to be promoted and not them. The fact was that after a war, there would be piles of corpses from soldiers that were as high as a mountain, yet the only one who would earn reputation and praise would be the general!

In Zhang Tie’s eyes, this expedition was a trap which used the weaknesses of human nature; this trap was a huge pit which was dug on the basis of trust and greed and was also the most common trap. Clear-minded people would be able to see through it at the first sight; however, there would always be people who would jump in, and Zhang Tie would not be able to stop them. He felt as if he had already done what he should have done. What the others decided to do would be their choice. At any moment, he is not obliged to sacrifice himself for the safety of others.

“Besides yourself, nobody is responsible for your life. Horny students, I hope that you will learn to understand the motto of our school—‘Welcome to the Age of Black Iron’. After having stayed at school for three years, it seems that you have yet to understand that line. It seems that it’s just like what Donder had said. In this age, the thing that is the blackest and the most iron-like is the human heart,” Zhang Tie mumbled inwardly.

……

At the end of the pledge ceremony, standing on that temporary platform, Burwick, who always forced a smile and spoke in a very energetic fashion, looked back several times. When he realized that none of the teachers from the Temporary Supervision Committee were present and were not even watching their performance from the walls of the outer castle, Burwick became a bit disappointed.

“There’s no need to be disappointed. A recommendation from your school is not more valuable than being known by Master Abyan...” Seemingly as if he had seen through the slight disappointment in Burwick’s eyes, Samira consoled him in a low voice that was only audible to Burwick. “Whether or not the military academy of the Andaman Alliance would still exist in the future is uncertain; however, no matter who rules Blackhot City, Master Abyan would still be able to garner absolute respect. As a smart individual, you should understand what I mean!”

“I know what to do!” Burwick replied in low voice.

“Good luck then. I almost forgot to tell you. There’s a student from your school named Glaze that reached out to me because he also wanted to get this opportunity to be introduced to Master Abyan. As for whether there are more great figures in your school who dream for this opportunity, this is something that I do not know. That’s why, young man, you need to work hard. Only the most excellent people would be able to obtain this opportunity!” Samira added.

“I will try my best!” Hearing Samira’s words, Burwick’s face slightly became stiff before catching sight of Zhang Tie, who was not eye-catching, in the distance. Although Zhang Tie was not eye-catching, his mining basket certainly was. At the sight of Zhang Tie, Burwick’s eyes became filled with excitement. He then turned and told Samira with a smile, “Hmm, I forgot to tell you. That person in the crowd who gave you trouble the other day was Zhang Tie, that black-haired brat with the mining basket on his back. I’ve heard that he is already a LV 1 soldier and that Captain Kerlin and Zerom seem to have high hopes for him!”

The corner of Samira’s eyes twitched a couple of times. Even now, Samira still felt that someone in the crowd was cursing him with words like “poisonous snake’s head” and “triangular eyes”. Samira casually looked at Zhang Tie, who was far away, while forcing a smile on his skinny, horse-like face. “Well, I know what to do!”

“Happy collaboration!”

“Happy collaboration!”

……

After the pledge ceremony, Burwick and his followers left the small square of Blackhot City in a heroic manner, resulting in the noisy square finally regaining its calm. The moment Burwick’s team left, the Temporary Supervision Committee released a notice to hold a bonfire party in the small square tonight. According to the notice, the girls will be holding performances like singing and dancing during the bonfire party. Hearing that news, many horny students became excited. Unknown why, at the sight of this notice, Zhang Tie knew the intention of the teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee. It seemed that they did not want the students to risk their lives in the Crescent Prairie.

The square became boisterous at this time. After reading the notice, the moment those horny students, including Zhang Tie, were to leave, a person walked towards Zhang Tie, and as he passed by, he walked into Zhang Tie’s shoulder. With his spiritual energy having increased by sevenfold, Zhang Tie’s senses were also sharp. The moment that person’s shoulder bumped it to his, Zhang Tie sensed something new in his mining basket. If he was average like before, then he never would have noticed something new inside his mining basket, as the mining basket itself was already heavy and even had a hoe inside.

Motherf*cker, how could they be that bored? Who’s still doing childish pranks like opening my mining basket and throwing stuff inside at the sight of the mining basket on my back? I have already stopped playing that prank of throwing trash in other people’s hood when I was eight years old. The moment Zhang Tie turned around to see who that bastard was, he heard someone shout loudly from several steps behind him.

“My purse! Where’s my purse? It was here just now, so how could it disappear in such a short period of time?”

“Thief! It must have been stolen...”

F*ck! Zhang Tie’s crisis mechanism was launched within 0.1 seconds. Sh*t, I was set up! F*ck those bastards who want to set me up by throwing that item into my mining basket. Since it was his mining basket, even if he had a hundred mouths, he would still not be able to clearly explain his innocence. When yellow mud fell onto one’s crotch, it would still be regarded as sh*t, even if it wasn’t. Once he was caught by those guys, it would be difficult for Zhang Tie to explain himself, thus he had to instantly leave, only then would he be able to gain the initiative of this battle...

Immediately, Zhang Tie’s instinct to escape was deducted once again. Without even turning back, Zhang Tie had already surged forward with large strides like a leopard at almost the moment he heard the shouts as he ran towards the foot of the mountain with his maximum speed...

After that guy shouted, he felt spirited from having attracted the attention from those around him and was prepared to make a performance; however, when he raised his head, he realized that the brat in front of him had already disappeared. At the same time, the other helpers who were to surround Zhang Tie and capture him had also become dumbfounded. “Where’s that brat? How did he escape? Weren’t we just supposed to wait here and capture him along with the purse in his mining basket? Wasn’t that what was supposed to happen? This doesn’t make sense!”

“Purse, my purse...” This time, the man truly shrieked with a high pitch. Finally, by the time someone noticed Zhang Tie, he had already been over a hundred meters away and was running towards the downward path.

“That brat is the thief! Hurry up and arrest him! Arrest the thief…” The square instantly became noisy as a great number of people rushed towards Zhang Tie...

Standing from afar, the corner of Samira’s eye twitched. He had never expected that such a performance, which should have been very successful, would turn out like this. For commoners like Zhang Tie, if he realized that he was not the thief, encountering such an incident, wouldn’t he simply turn around and have a look out of curiosity? But how could that brat escape even faster than a rabbit when he heard that shout? Was that a reaction a commoner would have? What kind of freak is that brat?

“Purse, my purse...” When he thought of his purse, Samira jumped up. “Bastard, that was my purse...”



* * *





Chapter 98




No matter whether one was being chased by wolves or a group of people, especially when it included some LV 3 and LV 4 individuals, it would still not be a pleasant feeling. Seeing the distance between him and the other people behind him gradually narrowing, Zhang Tie was forced to use all the strength he could muster as a soon-to-be LV 2 warrior to escape.

Like a gust of wind, Zhang Tie, while carrying the mining basket, rushed towards the ore collection center below Wild Wolf Castle. At the sight of Zhang Tie dashing forward, a couple of people at the ore collection center hurriedly asked, “Zhang Tie, what are you running for?”

“Washroom!” Zhang Tie’s voice reverberated from afar.

After Zhang Tie was more than 50 meters away from them, several bodyguards who were responsible for the safety of the Samira Business Group arrived and shouted loudly, “Catch that thief! That guy ahead of us is a thief! Hurry up, catch him!”

Closely following the bodyguards of the Samira Business Group was a group of students with a great sense of righteousness. In this fashion, a great number of people rushed by the ore collection center.

“This is bad! I have to go report to the teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee and tell them that something is happening here!” Noticing that something was amiss, a student who was acquainted with Zhang Tie told the others what he had to do before rushing towards Wild Wolf Castle.

F*ck, is that brat’s zodiac a rabbit? How could he run so fast? The group of LV 3 and LV 4 Samira Business Group warriors who were chasing Zhang Tie became shocked at his speed. Zhang Tie’s speed was nothing like the speed a normal student should have; however, no matter how fast Zhang Tie could run, there was still a sharp difference between him and the other LV 3 and LV 4 bodyguards. The distance between them gradually shrunk from 100 m to 50 m, then 50 m to 20 m...

Gritting his teeth, Zhang Tie kept dashing forward as he cursed inside, “F*ck, when I am powerful enough, I will definitely stomp you bastards to death one day!” Seeing the mining cave in front of him, Zhang Tie became excited as he increased his speed and directly rushed into the mining cave.

The sinister smile on the faces of the bodyguards of the Samira Business Group, which were becoming more and more pronounced, suddenly froze when they saw Zhang Tie drilling into the mining cave in front of them. Without any hesitation, they also hurriedly followed him in...

As Zhang Tie had gone inside this mining save several times over the past few days, he was extremely familiar with the paths inside. This time when he rushed inside, he didn’t have time to ignite a torch, so he simply stretched out his right hand to get a feel for the wall and quickly moved based on his memory without showing any signs of having slowed his steps.

Because the bodyguards of the Samira Business Group who were following him were not able to see in the darkness and were unfamiliar with the topography inside, after traversing a bit more than 20 m inside the cave, the man at the foremost front had already hit his head on the wall in a corner of the cave and made a shrill shriek.

“Quickly find a torch! Quickly find a torch! It’s too dark inside! We can’t clearly see him. The brat ran into the hole...”

Hearing the shrill shriek and the furious voice behind him, Zhang Tie, who slightly slowed down his steps, showed a trace of a cold sneer. Damn. You guys wanted to set me up, so this father will frame you back!

The path inside this mining cave was very long and was about 1 km in length. After running for about 100 m, when Zhang Tie no longer heard the voices behind him, he searched for a torch in his mining basket. After igniting it, he continued to run inside to the place where he usually mined ores and was able to hear the “crack crack” sounds made by the hoes hitting the walls. When he finally reached the mini cave on the side, he put out the torch and heavily gasped for air.

At this moment, darkness was truly the color which could protect him the most.

Zhang Tie heavily panted for roughly two minutes. After recovering his composure, Zhang Tie hurriedly closed his eyes and locked onto the mysterious arched door in his mind before entering the Castle of Black Iron.

……

Within the Castle of Black Iron, it was bright and warm everywhere...

——Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, welcome to the Castle of Black Iron!

The same dialogue box with the same greeting appeared, but this time, Zhang Tie was not in the mood to read it in the least and instead poured out all the contents of his mining basket onto the ground. As expected, a delicate purse made from deer hide was found. As he took out the purse, Zhang Tie opened it and gave a casual glance at the contents inside. At the sight of more than 20 shiny gold coins and a handsome amount of silver coins, Zhang Tie laughed out loudly.

Throwing the purse into the sundry box, Zhang Tie thought about it twice and decided to swap his dagger with the one that Donder had gifted him. Heaving a deep sigh, he exited the Castle of Black Iron.

……

More than 10 minutes later, a great number of brilliant flames poured into the underground mines, causing it to turn particularly bright. At the sight of the burning torches, Zhang Tie sneered and began to mine for ores inside his own mining hole in the same rhythm as usual. It was only when the bright group of torches arrived at the mouth of his mining cave several minutes later did Zhang Tie put down his iron hoe. Tightening the grip on the dagger on his waist, he walked out of the hole calmly with a burning torch in hand as if nothing had happened.

“Ahyaya, what’s going on? Why are there so many people digging in the mines here today?” Looking at the burning torches moving inside, Zhang Tie looked pretty shocked and exclaimed.

“Brat, we finally caught you. Obediently let us arrest you!” said a man with a blue nose and a torch in hand. It was as if he had been ferociously punched by another person.

“What do you mean by ‘obediently let us arrest you’? Who the f*ck are you? I am mining here as usual, so why are you telling me to ‘obediently let us arrest you’? Zhang Tie gave a strange look before suddenly cursing loudly and ferociously.

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, the faces of the men with the burning torches in hand suddenly twitched.

“Brat, you’re still going to argue? Just now, it was obviously that you were the one who had stolen my purse. We chased you from the square of Wild Wolf Castle all the way to here, yet you’re pretending that nothing has happened? Everyone here could testify for us!” another guy with a burning torch in hand said. This was exactly the person who had bumped into Zhang Tie in the square of Wild Wolf Castle.

“I stole your purse?” Zhang Tie jumped up from the ground. “I could steal your mom, your grandma, your sister, but I would never steal your purse. Although we are not in Blackhot City now, I could still report you to the Temporary Supervision Committee for slander!”

“Don’t talk crap with him. Just take him down first!” said the guy with the broken nose.

“Who the hell dares to touch me!?” Zhang Tie instantly pulled out the dagger from his waist and ferociously glared at the people who wanted to move forward, causing them to be startled. They never expected Zhang Tie would use his weapon to fight back. After pulling out his dagger, Zhang Tie changed his expression and shouted towards the other horny students who had followed them in, “Fellow students, I am Zhang Tie, a student from Seventh National Male Middle School. Since these guys are disturbing my survival training by framing me for stealing a purse and are trying to forcefully arrest me, a bit later, if I stab them to death, then please be my witness. This is the only thing I can do to protect myself. Is there any brother among you that could help me go fetch the Temporary Supervision Committee!?”

Some students who had followed them in the hole immediately became flustered. “Aren’t we here to capture a thief? Why does he look so confident?”

“Didn’t you steal a purse in the square just now? We heard their shouts to capture a thief, so we followed them in. If you weren’t the one who had stolen the purse, then why did you run?”

“I had a stomachache just now and needed to go to the washroom. That’s why I quickly ran back just now...” Zhang Tie explained as if it was true.

Seeing the “fact” having deviated so much from the “script”, the group of people from the Samira Business Group became anxious, and one of the men had surged forward towards Zhang Tie and placed his hands onto Zhang Tie’s shoulders, aiming to directly take Zhang Tie down.

Seeing that guy confidently attacking him, Zhang Tie’s eyes flashed with an icy glint. Instead of retreating backwards, Zhang Tie moved forward and directly stabbed his dagger towards the throat of that person as his blade shone in a shiny, icy light.

Including all the other miners and the other bodyguards of the Samira Business Group, Zhang Tie’s move had startled everyone. Such a move was truly sharp and ferocious. With his eyes fixed on that person’s throat, Zhang Tie’s move was extremely fast and precise. This simple set of gestures and basic dagger training were something that he had learned at school and was used with a sense full of unspeakable sharpness, braveness, and valor. The series of consistent moves could never be completed by a normal student; it was similar to the moves used by a veteran soldier on the battlefields who have been used to fights where one move would determine life and death.

The moment Zhang Tie moved, the face of the bodyguard from the Samira Business Group who had tried to take him down twitched. Zhang Tie’s reaction reminded him of the master sergeant that had taught him how to fight when he had just joined the army. Any move and fighting skill used by that master sergeant would be both aggressive and frightening. At this critical moment, that bodyguard had no time to change his move. Reluctantly, he lowered his body with his face facing the sky, resulting in a sharp breeze from Zhang Tie’s dagger closely flying over his forehead...

Such a series of risky moves made everyone else exclaim...

“Watch out...”

Soon after the exclamations of the onlookers, Zhang Tie didn’t pull back his right hand and had instead surged forward in front to the center of that person, using his left hand to complete a Hammer Punch, a skill from the Iron-Blood Fist Skill repertoire, onto that person’s stomach.

Hammer Punch was a very powerful skill that turned the impact of a punch to be one akin to a blow from a hammer.

With a sound of a “Bang!”, the man, who was off balance, was hit and was sent flying three meters back before falling onto the ground at the place where he had started his attack on Zhang Tie.

All of a sudden, the entire mining cave became extremely silent; at this moment, even the sound of a needle falling onto the ground could be heard. Aside from the “Zi Zi” sounds that came from the burning torches, nothing else could be heard. Everyone was staring at Zhang Tie with wide opened eyes as if they had seen a ghost. Among the onlookers, there were even some who couldn’t believe their eyes and began to rub their eyes to make sure that what they had just seen was true. “Was what we saw just now real? How could a student attending the survival training beat a Samira Business Group bodyguard, who’s at least LV 3, and send him flying backwards? Are you kidding me?” The onlookers couldn’t believe their eyes., and at the same time, Zhang Tie also became slightly excited, as the moment he fought back against the bodyguard, he had realized that what he had practiced in the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit had finally shown its effects. It seemed that the dagger training he had done at school over the past three years had greatly improved after repetitive practicing in the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit. The moves that could only be described as normal were now ferocious and an applicable fighting skill. Luckily, what he could do in the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit could replicate in reality...



* * *





Chapter 99




In the cave, everybody had their eyes fixed on Zhang Tie...

Remaining at his current spot, Zhang Tie, who had just hit a bodyguard and had sent him flying, crossed his hands behind his body and coldly stared at the bodyguards of the Samira Business Group. Ignoring the comments from the onlookers, Zhang Tie felt that his current gesture was heroic; however, in the eyes of those who knew fighting skills, they understood that this was the “Hidden Blade Move” that was always seen during dagger training. With the dagger behind him, this caused people to not know where the dagger was nor did they know whether the dagger was in his left hand or in his right hand. The dagger could also be put beside his waist, which frightened the others, as this increased the number of possible moves. This was the essence of the “Hidden Blade Move”. Sometimes, a sharp, hidden blade could be more frightening than a blade that was exposed in the sun.

After the short fight, Zhang Tie stood there with this “Hidden Blade Move”, causing everyone to be shocked. Seeing Zhang Tie’s cool gesture, the eyes of the onlookers all shone. Now, even those who had doubted Zhang Tie’s words had started to trust him. The reason was simple, and that was because Zhang Tie’s Qi field and his status really matched with his “Hidden Blade Move”. Instead of showing your purity and heroicness, this move was used to hide your killing intent. Anyone who saw Zhang Tie’s heroicness that was brought from his strong Qi field by his “Hidden Blade Move” would not believe that Zhang Tie was a thief. Everyone knew that a rhinoceros would never drill into a mouse’s den. A person’s spiritual energy and Qi field would leave the deepest impression on the hearts of others, and they were more persuasive than any words.

“So this is the true Hidden Blade Move...” Some of the horny students among the onlookers mumbled as they cast their eyes full of admiration and worship onto Zhang Tie. This was the first time they had witnessed someone among the undergraduates attending the survival training applying a fighting skill that had been taught at school so skillfully. At this moment, the fellow named Zhang Tie had caused the eyes of many to shine; it was as if he had opened a gate, allowing them to enter a completely new world.

All the horny students were startled, while the miners, who moved close to watch what was happening, became even more amazed. Although every one of the miners working here knew Zhang Tie, nobody could have expected that such an excellent “warrior” was among their “fellow workers”. At the sight of Zhang Tie’s performance, many of the miners instantly became confident and straightened their backs.

The Samira Business Group bodyguard who had been hit by Zhang Tie quickly recovered his composure. Zhang Tie’s strike just now did not make him lose his will to fight. Having seen the short fight, all the bodyguards of the Samira Business Group realized that Zhang Tie was a tricky fellow and that they would have to expend some effort in order to take him down.

After exchanging glances, the bodyguards of the Samira Business Group came to a final decision.

“Brat, since you dare to fight back so ferociously, don’t blame us for retaliating!” solemnly warned a bodyguard who took a step towards Zhang Tie.

“Even now, you’re still trying to frame me so despicably and are still trying to destroy by bright future and reputation. So why should this father treat you politely?” Zhang Tie coldly glared at the bodyguards of the Samira Business Group who wanted to charge at him. “Before moving, I suggest you to think over this twice. Do you think it’s worth risking your lives for that small bit of compensation that could barely allow your family to survive? Will the Samira Business Group feed you for the rest of your lives? I am only 15 years old. Have you considered what would happen if you try to create enmity with me over just a bit of compensation? I know you are smart, and we all know how things go. You are all just working for money, so I will warn you once again. Whoever dares to try to frame me as a thief again, this father will definitely kill him. I will see who will be killed first...”

Zhang Tie’s ferocious words were more lethal than his “Hidden Blade Move”. Hearing Zhang Tie’s warning, the bodyguards who were about to surge forward instantly froze and became clear-minded; it was as if they had just been doused with icy water from head to toe. Right. Was it worth it to create a grievance with that brat just for a bit of compensation? Remembering his ferocious attack, his heroic character, as well as that frightening killing intent hidden within his “Hidden Blade Move”, every one of the bodyguards realized one thing—even if they could take down this brat now, could they take him down in the future? Since this brat was already this sharp at the age of 15, he would definitely be outside of their control in a few years. If they framed him today and ended up destroying his bright future and reputation, what would happen if this guy decides to take revenge on them in the future… The bodyguards, especially the one who had experienced Zhang Tie’s fighting skills just now, were all shocked by his words. If they truly infuriated Zhang Tie, they might really not be able to eat and sleep well from now on.

It was nothing special to set up an unlucky student in the way arranged by and paid by Samira; however, if that student was so ferocious that it could cause them to not even be able to sleep well whenever they thought of him taking revenge, then everyone involved would have to reconsider it. Although the small bit of compensation from the Samira Business Group was enough to force them to take action, if they had to risk their own lives and bright futures, then the amount of compensation provided was far from enough.

After exchanging glances with each other, the bodyguards instantly learned what each of them had thought. It seemed that today’s incident would never develop as Samira had planned. From the beginning, this brat had already known how this story would develop. Such a person had really terrifying intelligence and strength, and it would be better for them to not stir trouble with him. They really didn’t know why Samira forced them to breed enmity with such a terrifying person.

“No matter what, I realized my purse was missing the moment you ran. Since you were the most suspicious one, that’s why we kept chasing you...”

“Are you idiots?” Zhang Tie cursed loudly. “You can go to the railway station of Blackhot City to have a look around. Every day, many purses are stolen over there. Which thief would instantly run once they heard the shouts from the owner? If they had truly done that, then they would just be admitting to their actions. If you have low intelligence, then I will forgive you for insulting my personality, but you can not insult my intelligence! If you had truly lost your purse, then I will see which bastard among you will dare to tell the onlookers that I have stolen your purse? Which one of you bastards dare to frame me?”

After being cursed at by Zhang Tie, the bodyguards became less aggressive and could not even utter a single word; instead, they simply looked back at Zhang Tie in the same manner as he looked at them. If Zhang Tie had not displayed his strength, then what he had just said would have made him a laughingstock; however, the fact was Zhang Tie had already shown his terrifying strength and intelligence. Considering what Zhang Tie had said and done, the bodyguards of the Samira Business Group really lost the courage to breed enmity with Zhang Tie just for a bit of compensation from the Samira Business Group.

……

“Brother, could you tell me the name of that buddy? How could he be digging in the mines together with you?” a horny student asked a miner who was beside him in a low voice.

“He’s Zhang Tie. He has already worked here with us for about 20 days...” As he said this, the miner looked at the person who had asked him the question with eyes full of contempt. Lowering his voice, he said, “His actions are within reason since he had even killed three wolves by himself before jumping into a pitch black hole that was as deep as 200 m in order to survive!”

“What!? You’re saying… he’s that guy who was chased by seven wolves and had jumped into a pitch black hole in order to survive?!” That person was really shocked by what he had heard. It turned out that Zhang Tie was not a normal student at all! He had long become a legendary figure.

“Of course!”

“If he was that sharp, then why did he choose to mine here?”

“This is a top secret!” The miner rolled his eyes.

“What top secret?” The horny student’s eyes suddenly started to shine.

“This secret isn’t something that I would casually tell others!”

The horny student gritted his teeth and pulled out 100 g of dried meat and tossed it to that miner. After receiving the dried meat, that miner whispered to him.

“What!? You’re saying digging in the mines is the best way to cultivate? You’re saying that Zhang Tie realized all this by digging in the mines? You’re saying that Zhang Tie had, at the very least, improved his strength by a level by just mining in the caves these past few days?” Hearing the secret, the horny student was really shocked by that top secret. It was truly too amazing.

“Huh, quiet. This secret was disclosed by Zhang Tie to the guys at the ores collection center by mistake. Don’t let the others know!”

……

The horny student hurriedly nodded while the other surrounding horny students had long kept their ears alert by raising them in a manner akin to donkeys...

At that moment, with burning torches in hand, another group of people entered the mining cave. Seeing what was happening over there, they hurriedly made their way over.

It was a teacher of the Temporary Supervision Committee and some students who were on duty in Wild Wolf Castle. Seeing the arrival of the teacher of the Temporary Supervision Committee, Zhang Tie and the bodyguards all heaved a deep sigh.

……

Half an hour later in the office of the Temporary Supervision Committee, Zhang Tie and the bodyguards of the Samira Business Group were standing in the middle of the room, while Captain Kerlin, Mr. Zerom, and the other teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee were sitting behind a row of desks. Aside from them, Samira was also sitting in a chair. At this moment, outside, the room was surrounded by students who came here to see how the story would develop.

Miss Qili, who was responsible for the investigation, had inquired all the witnesses. Seeing the wisp of a smile on the corner of Zerom’s mouth, Captain Kerlin became reassured.

“According to your testimony, the story has developed as follows: Jagla walked around the square of Wild Wolf Castle for more than half an hour before realizing that his purse had been stolen. At that moment, you saw Zhang Tie running away, so you took Zhang Tie as the thief who had stolen your purse. Is that why you called your people to chase Zhang Tie”

“Yes… That’s how it was?” The bodyguard from the Samira Business Group named Jagla admitted without any confidence.

“I will ask this once again. Among all of you present, did any one of you see how Jagla had lost his purse?” Miss Qili asked. Everyone remained silent. When Miss Qili raised her voice and asked again, there was still no reply. At this moment, Zhang Tie, who had long been silently observing Samira, found the traces of a cold smile forming at the corner of Samira’s mouth. The moment Samira was about to speak, Zhang Tie raised his hand. “Miss Qili, I have a request. In order to avoid being framed by someone, I beg for your consent to allow me to return to Blackhot City to bring something back in the event that someone wants to testify that I was the thief.”



* * *





Chapter 100




Zhang Tie’s words had caused many people to be shocked, as none of them knew the reason behind Zhang Tie’s request.

“What do you want? Are you trying to stall for time?” The guy in silky hat instantly became alert and asked.

“Of course not. As a pious follower of the Guardian God School, I deserve to be under the protection of the Guarding God School when I am being set up and insulted. I simply wanted to ask Grandma Teresa for one of the Guardian God School’s Soul and Bloodline contract. For those among you that want to testify that I am guilty, please sign the contract and make a Soul and Bloodline oath. If your testimony is true, then would definitely have no reason to fear it and neither would it do you any harm. Using this method, I can avoid from being framed by a despicable person. Am I right, Boss Samira with triangular eyes resembling the head of a poisonous snake?”

“Pft!” Miss Qili wasn’t able to hold back from laughing out loud. Realizing her misconduct, Miss Qili hurriedly returned to her solemn look. The other teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee all looked really weird, as it was a challenge for them to hold back their laughter. Everyone turned their gazes to the man with the silky hat. At the same time, the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, who had just arrived outside the office, couldn’t hold back and began to speak in weird voices as they mocked Samira’s pair of triangular eyes.

Samira’s face turned purple. He stood up and pointed at Zhang Tie. “Brat, who are you trying to scare!? You could never get your hands on the Soul and Bloodline contract. You’re just trying to stall the proceeding!”

“My family has sold rice brew for dozens of years. Back when I was in Blackhot City, every week, I would send food to the orphans in the orphanage opened by Grandma Teresa. At the start, it was my father who sent it, then it was my elder brother, and now, I’m the one who sends it. For pious followers who have pure souls and feel obliged to help others like us, I think that Grandma Teresa and the Guardian God would not like to see us being slandered by others. If you, Boss Samira, would like to try the effect of the Soul and Bloodline contract and do not fear being devoured by your lies, then you can just continue to try setting me up!” Zhang Tie looked at Samira in disgust and spat towards him.

Like colors being mixed on a palette, Samira’s face was changing in color. At this moment, Samira had already long cursed Burwick’s ancestors. Samira realized that Burwick’s simple words, the one that said that Zhang Tie was the one who gave him trouble in public, was definitely a pit that waited for him to jump in by himself. If he had known that Zhang Tie was such a tricky guy, he would have never made such a rash decision; it was like beating a snake with a flyswatter. At this moment, Samira truly was full of regret.

Earlier, Samira had planned to testify that he had seen Zhang Tie stealing that guy’s purse, but when Zhang Tie mentioned the Guardian God School’s Soul and Bloodline contract, he was startled. The Soul and Bloodline contract was not something that only belonged to the Guardian God School; many other schools also had this contract. The pious followers would cut their fingers and would write the Soul and Bloodline Oath using their fresh blood and their prayers. Based on the constraints of the oath, as long as your name was on the contract, you would be devoured by the mysterious force within the Soul and Bloodline Oath you had taken if you told a lie. In the entire Blackhot City, only during major trials would the Soul and Bloodline contract be used to test whether the witness’ testimony was true or not. Samira could never have imagined that Zhang Tie would be able to get such an item. He had known the name of the grandma who was truly a pious follower of the Guardian God School, but never would he have thought that Zhang Tie was close to Grandma Teresa.

Of course, Samira did not dare to bet his life on this trivial incident. After cursing inwardly a couple of times, he had no other choice but to sit back down in his chair with a solemn look.

Seeing Samira staying silent with a solemn expression, Zhang Tie also heaved a deep sigh. Just now, he was just pretending to be confident. He had only heard of the Soul and Bloodline contract from others and was uncertain of whether or not he could get it. However, this was just like what Donder had taught him; when two brave men encountered one another on a narrow path, the braver man would win, but if two liars encountered one another on a narrow path, then the one with less confidence would be the first to retreat. As was expected, Samira was less confident than him. Thinking back to Fatty Donder’s instruction, Zhang Tie sneered inside.

“I will repeat one more time. Is there anyone who had seen how Jagla’s purse disappeared?” Miss Qili asked one more time. After several seconds, there was still no reply.

“Then, the fact is clear. Jaglar, nobody had seen Zhang Tie stealing your purse nor is there any physical evidence found. At that moment when you realized your purse was missing, you saw Zhang Tie quickly running away, but according to Zhang Tie, he was simply… heading for the washroom...” As Miss Qili could not bear to say the words “relieve his bowels” described by Zhang Tie, after hesitating for a while, she changed it into another saying. “That’s why you thought it was Zhang Tie who had stolen your purse and finally seeked for help in this office. But as there are no witnesses or any evidence, I declare that Zhang Tie is innocent!”

Hearing the result, all the other members of Hit-Plane Brotherhood cheered outside.

Rolling his eyes, Samira stood up impatiently. “I object. Your words don’t make any sense. There is a toilet outside of Wild Wolf Castle, so why did Zhang Tie not choose that toilet, which was closer to him, and instead choose the mine that is far away?”

“That’s simple. I had left my toilet paper inside the mining cave. If I want to relieve my bowels, of course I would have to go back to the mining cave. If I have taken a sh*t in Wild Wolf Castle, would I ask for your help to clean my butt, Boss Samira? Does your business group has such a service? Are you saying that you never clean your butt after relieving your bowls? Are you saying that you clean your butt using your fingers or just don’t clean it at all like those barbarians? My sh*t is still fresh over there and could be used as physical evidence. Do you want to identify it for yourself, Boss Samira...” Zhang Tie sneered.

Hearing Zhang Tie’s counterattack, all the other horny students outside the door of the room burst out into laughter while Hista whistled crazily. The teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee also held back from laughing out loudly. Captain Kerlin and Mr. Zerom’s face both flushed red and expanded greatly, causing a weird expression to be seen on their faces. Many teachers directly buried their heads below the desk with shoulders heavily shaking. Even Miss Qili, who was responsible for the interrogation of this incidence, had her face become twisted.

As expected, Samira was so infuriated that he even kept stomping his feet onto the ground. Pointing at Zhang Tie, he cursed, “Bastard! If you weren’t the thief and the purse isn’t with you, then why didn’t you stop and explain it when so many people were chasing you?”

“Bastard… Bastard… Bastard… Son of a b*tch… Your brothers must have been shot onto your wall by your father masturbating and had dried on it, so why are you alive? Bastard, answer me. I’m cursing you, so hurry up and admit that you are a bastard. What are you waiting for?” Zhang Tie directly growled towards Samira. As a result, Samira looked pale and instantly sat back down in his chair. Everyone, both the people inside and outside the room, all stared at Zhang Tie with wide opened eyes. As Samira has never been cursed at by others since he was young, he pointed at Zhang Tie with a quivering finger and tried to ascertain what Zhang Tie had said. “You… You… What did you curse me as?”

“I cursed you?” Zhang Tie innocently pointed at his own nose with wide opened eyes. Blinking his eyes, he asked “Did I curse you? I was just cursing that a bastard’s brothers were shot onto the wall when his father masturbated and were sacrificed, all the while he was left alive. Are you saying that you are that bastard?”

“Bastard, of course I’m not!” Samira furiously replied.

“That’s right. Since you’re not that bastard, then my cursing has nothing to do with you, right? There isn’t any need for you to respond in such a way. Look, there are so many people in the room, so why are you the only one who looks so excited and is jumping from the ground. Unless… you are that bastard? That would explain your response just now. Have I mention your name just now?”

“Nonsense. I was not excited at all. I didn’t make any response just now!” Feeling that Zhang Tie was a tricky person, under the dubious eyes, Samira gritted his teeth and sat down, trying his best to be innocent as his eyes remained looking forward with confidence.

Zhang Tie forced a smile. “So, Boss Samira, do you understand why I didn’t stop running when those people were chasing me? It’s because I am not the thief. There was no need for me to stop and give them a response because I had thought that they were chasing after someone else at that moment. I didn’t give a response since I am innocent. If I truly gave any response, I would truly have been in trouble! Bastard, bastard, bastard, Boss Samira, why aren’t you replying? Just reply. See? Since you aren’t the bastard, you didn’t reply and no one else here gave a response either. Do you understand now? What would I explain?”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, Samira’s face was as black as ink. Glaring at Zhang Tie, he knew that this time, Zhang Tie had set him up in return and had realized that Zhang Tie was unexpectedly tricky. Thinking of his purse, Samira felt pain once again, as there were more than 20 gold coins inside the purse! My gold coins! Zhang Tie, you bastard! Just you wait!

“Leave!” Followed by several bodyguards, Samira furiously stood up from his chair and prepared to leave, as he constantly felt restless here.

“Hold on, Boss Samira?” Zhang Tie stopped Samira in a slow voice.

“Since you are already fine now, what else do you want!?” Samira loudly shouted at Zhang Tie.

“Thanks for your pardon. Since Boss Samira has said that I’m fine now, then next, there’s something you need to do!”

……

“What do you mean?” Seeing Zhang Tie’s confident smile, Samira suddenly felt as if something bad was about to happen...



* * *





Chapter 101




Ignoring Samira, Zhang Tie turned around and asked Miss Qili, “Miss Qili, could you tell me whether the Temporary Supervision Committee represents the officials of Blackhot City within Wild Wolf Castle? And could you tell me whether the Temporary Supervision Committee is entitled to supervise and manage everything related to this survival training?”

“Yes, as long as it is related to the students attending this survival training, the Temporary Supervision Committee will be responsible for the supervision and management. The Temporary Supervision Committee’s power is recorded in Blackhot City, and it states that the Temporary Supervision Committee has the power to manage everything that happens here and that it has also been granted the authority related to law enforcement and judicial related issues! Unless we receive an official notice from Blackhot City which details changes, then the rights and liabilities of the Temporary Supervision Committee will never change.” Not knowing what Zhang Tie was planning, Miss Qili could only solemnly and faithfully answer him.

“Fine! Since I have proven that I am innocent and not a thief, I would like to officially file a lawsuit against the Samira Business Group with the help of the Temporary Supervision Committee. During this incident, the Samira Business Group had treated me as a thief and had even disturbed my survival training. They had chased after me in public and had even attacked me, which has damaged my reputation and even my bright future. Based on the fact that the laws of Blackhot City will protect its citizens, I request the Samira Business Group to, for this misunderstanding and my losses, compensate me!” Zhang Tie righteously said.

“Bastard, are you still crazy about making money? This time, you got off easy, yet you still want compensation? Are you dreaming?” Samira shouted out loudly. Because he had lost his purse, Samira had already felt as if his heart was bleeding, but at this moment when Zhang Tie had even dared to ask for compensation, he felt as if a handsome amount of salt was thrown onto his wounded heart.

“Of course, I am not crazy. If what I have requested goes against Blackhot City laws, then please tell me, Boss Samira. If you can tell me, then I will definitely modestly correct it and eat my words!” As if he was looking at a pile of gold coins, Zhang Tie looked at Samira with an obscene smile.

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, Samira instantly became silent, as what Zhang Tie had said truly did not violate Blackhot City laws.

Looking at the horny students outside the door, Zhang Tie shouted, “I know Blackhot City is now facing an unprecedented crisis, under which even Blackhot City might be at the edge of death. However, in my eyes, the laws of Blackhot City are still sacred and its authority is without a doubt. Nevertheless, at this critical moment, someone had actually treated the laws and the authority of Blackhot City as bullsh*t!” Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, the horny students outside the door started to whisper to one another. Leit, using a weird voice, shouted among the crowd, “Is the Samira Business Group planning to stomp on the authority of Blackhot City? Is the Samira Business Group planning to go and seek refuge with its new owner?” The students continued to whisper amongst themselves as Samira’s face turned pale. Since there were so many people here right now, what would happen if this scandal were to spread to Blackhot City?

“You… That’s nonsense! Since when did the Samira Business Group belittle the authority and laws of Blackhot City!?” Samira pointed at Zhang Tie and furiously cursed.

“Was I talking nonsense?” Zhang Tie said with a smile as he suddenly turned solemn and pointed at the students outside the door. “The other students all respect the laws and authority of Blackhot City and have taken the initiative to stand outside the room. You, Boss Samira, are not the plaintiff, the defendant, nor are you a member of the Temporary Supervision Committee in this investigation. Is an outsider allowed to sit within a temporary court, jumping here and there while muttering whatever you want and causing a disturbance in the Temporary Supervision Committee’s investigation? Please tell me, you being here… aren’t you trampling on the laws and authority of Blackhot City?”

Zhang Tie pointed and shouted at Samira as his magnificence directly forced Samira a couple of steps backwards. He had come in, sat down, and casually spoke during this investigation because he had Master Abyan as his backer. Like Zhang Tie had mentioned, compared to his master, he truly did not attach much worth to the Temporary Supervision Committee. In Samira’s eyes, this was a trivial matter. He had never thought that Zhang Tie would find loopholes from such a trivial matter to give him trouble. During normal times, this matter could be laughed off, but Blackhot City is currently under threats from the Norman Empire. Someone could turn this affair into a bigger matter. No matter what, the Temporary Supervision Committee was an official facet of Blackhot City, while Samira was just a businessman with no official status. Thinking of some of the terrible consequences, Samira’s face instantly turned pale as he was covered in cold sweat all over. In truth, Samira was just a small figure who knew clearly that the big figures would not mind giving him some benefits and face if he proved to be useful; however, if he had a poor reputation, then those big figures would prefer to stay away from him as far as possible. If he brought them trouble, they would definitely dig a pit and bury him, feeling no pity for him at all.

Zhang Tie’s words, like a sharp axe, directly chopped at Samira’s weakness and the place he feared the most.

“Besides, do you know how arrogant you have been? The survival training for the students from Blackhot City is something that has always been officially protected and endorsed by Blackhot City. During the survival training, the students attending it will be managed in a semi-militarized manner and will comply with the war-time management decree of Andaman Alliance. The entire Wild Wolf Valley is similar to a military camp. Despite this, the Samira Business Group had dared to ignore the laws and traditions of the Andaman Alliance. You had dared to trespass Wild Wolf Valley and casually tried to capture a student who was attending this survival training. Aren’t you violating the laws and dignity of Blackhot City? Aren’t you treating the wartime decree of the Andaman Alliance as bullsh*t? I have already begun to doubt whether or not you are a mole from the Norman Empire whose aim is to disturb this survival training by using the excuse of arresting me in an attempt to cause the confidence in Blackhot City and the Andaman Alliance to waver...”

Saying this, Zhang Tie heroically strode towards Samira, while the latter kept moving backwards with a forehead covered in sweat and a face that gradually turned pale. Although Samira opened his mouth, he wasn’t able to say a single word; what Zhang Tie had argued was all true, leaving no loopholes for him to refute. Hearing Zhang Tie’s argument, the horny students outside became increasingly noisy. Many of them had begun to curse at Samira with words like “traitor” and “mole”, which began to spread everywhere. Stimulated by the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, the atmosphere gradually lost control.

Earlier, the teachers from the Temporary Supervision Committee were forcing back their laughter, but upon hearing Zhang TIe’s testimony, they realized that Zhang Tie had worsened the situation. Every one of them looked solemn.

At this moment, Samira had already started to feel regret deep in his heart. “Why did I mess with Zhang Tie?” Earlier, Samira had already felt that Zhang Tie was similar to a poisonous snake, but now, he felt as if Zhang Tie’s mouth, like the bloody mouth of a magical beast, could completely engulf him.

“You are talking nonsense… They… they chased you because… because you stole their purse?” Samira made an emergency counterattack. Having lived so long, Samira was truly quick-witted. “Based on the laws of Blackhot City, when one has found a person committing a crime, they have the right to stop the crime for the purpose of protecting one’s interests. This right is even superior to the immunity conduct given to the members of the parliament of the Andaman Alliance. That’s why, your intention of setting me up has failed!”

“Hahaha...” Zhang Tie burst out into laughter. He had finally led Samira right into the trap he had set. “You’re right. The right to stop a crime when it happens is truly superior to the immunity given to the members of the parliament of the Andaman Alliance. If I had truly stolen your purse, then this law could truly be applicable to me and the title of being a mole of the Norman Empire would not have fallen on your head, but the problem is… I did not steal your purse!”

“Now that you have proven that you had not stolen the purse, then this could only mean that it was a misunderstanding and that you are innocent. But, this misunderstanding isn’t something for you to slander me with!” Samira said as he pretended to calm down.

“What if it’s not a misunderstanding this time? What if it was you who wanted to slander me? What if you were trying to stir up trouble during this survival training by slandering me, aiming to weaken the authority of Blackhot City among this group of thousands of students, who will be soldiers of Blackhot City in the future, and make us disappointed about Blackhot City? If it’s like that, then do you dare to still say that you are not a mole from the Norman Empire? Do you still dare to say that you are not a traitor who’s trying to destroy Blackhot City?“ When Zhang Tie said these words, not only did the expression on Samira’s face change, but even the faces of the Samira Business Group bodyguards and the teachers from the Temporary Supervision Committee became twisted, and the horny students beyond the door all became silent.

As he said this, Zhang Tie didn’t turn to Samira, whose face had long turned white; instead, he glanced at the bodyguards, whose faces had also turned white, and Jagla, the one who had thrown Samira’s purse inside Zhang Tie’s mining basket. Revealing his white teeth, Zhang Tie smiled. “Do you know how Blackhot City and the Andaman Alliance would deal with them if they were arrested for being traitors and moles? Their entire families would be hung!” At this moment, in the eyes of the bodyguards, Zhang Tie’s smile looked more terrifying than that of a demon. “Not to mention, they wouldn’t let you have an easy death. Before dying, you will be dealt with by professionals who, for the sake of interrogation, would not let a single inch of skin on any of your family members remain untouched. I know how they treat spies more clearly than any one of you...”

“No, no, we are not spies or traitors...” Several bodyguards had turned pale and stammered.

“Whether or not you are spies is not something for you to decide, but rather, it will depend on the reason you have purposely slandered and framed me, and it will also depend on whether you were trying to stir up trouble during the survival training by setting me up. For the spies of the Norman Empire, they can’t wait to see the people from Blackhot City be restless...” Zhang Tie looked in the eyes of the bodyguards calmly before moving his gaze to Jagla. Under Zhang Tie’s gaze, their legs had already started to shake, and Zhang Tie did not miss this. He then suddenly and loudly shouted, “Your heads are going to be chopped off, but you’re still planning to remain silent? Do you want me to report you to Blackhot City’s Ministry of Internal Affairs? Without needing to take out the Soul and Bloodline contract, the powerful departments of Blackhot City can put your entire family behind bars. Will you only speak the truth then? At this time, Blackhot City is encountering a great danger. For just a bit of compensation from the Samira Business Group and that mole of Norman Empire, the traitor of Blackhot City, do you really think it’s worth it for you to sacrifice the lives of all your family members for him?”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s further persuasion, Jagla completely collapsed mentally. At the same time, the plaintiff suddenly pointed at Samira and exclaimed, “I’ll speak! I will say everything! It’s him! It’s Samira who told me to throw a purse into your mining basket. He wanted me to frame you as a thief and then arrest you...”

Jagla, who suffered the most internally, suddenly collapsed like a broken dam, causing the bodyguards’ mental fortitude to immediately be destroyed. At the same time, all the teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee and all the horny students outside the door were shocked. Afterwards, it turned into a great chaos.

“I’ll speak, I’ll speak! It was Samira who had wanted us to arrest you after having Jagla pretend that his purse was stolen by you. And it was also Samira who wanted us to do this in public in order to let as many people know as possible...”

“It’s Samira, It’s Samira who wanted to disturb this survival training. It has nothing to do with us. We are just bodyguards who are trying to earn an ordinary living wage. We are not moles and traitors of the Norman Empire...”

“Samira told us that he would reward us as long as we were able to complete this task well. We really don’t know whether he’s a mole who wants to disturb this survival training...”

The bodyguards instantly shrieked one by one, fearing that their chance to prove their innocence would be taken away.

Hearing their testimonies, everything before Samira’s eyes turned pitch black as he passed out and hit his head on the ground.

For a while, after the great commotion from the shock, both the people inside and outside of the office suddenly became silent. In face of such a quick change and unbelievable outcome, they all felt their minds go blank.

At this moment, Captain Kerlin, Mr. Zerom, Miss Qili, all the teachers, and the horny students outside the door were gazing at Zhang Tie as if they were looking at a ghost. Everyone had witnessed how this miner had used his mouth to complete an amazing reversal, step by step revealing Samira’s “hidden status” as a mole of the Norman Empire.

This is too terrifying! Too exciting! Too motherf*cking dramatic! For many people, since young, they had never seen such a huge incident.

Mr. Zerom was the first to respond. Like a bird, Mr. Zerom jumped out from behind the line of desks and chairs and walked before Samira with just one step. Samira, who had just awoken and was shaking his head, passed out once again from Zerom’s ferocious kick.

“Emergency situation! Samira might be a mole from the Norman Empire. Since we don’t know whether there are other dangerous individuals within the Samira Business Group, all students outside, listen to my order! Take your weapons and follow me! We will go and disarm the people from the Samira Business Group...” After he finished saying that, Mr. Zerom turned to Miss Qili and solemnly said, “Miss Qili, please immediately report what had happened here to Blackhot City on behalf of the Temporary Supervision Committee and invite experts over to take over for the following proceedings, including Samira’s interrogations.

After taking another glance at Zhang Tie, Miss Qili seemed to have recovered her composure a bit. She then nodded. “I will faithfully report what has happened here to Blackhot City!”

At this moment, many of the horny students who had witnessed the entire interrogation started to shout outside, “Samira is a mole from the Norman Empire!” “Samira is a traitor of Blackhot City...” Such loud screams and shouts gradually caused turmoil in Wild Wolf Castle...

Seeing the matter deteriorate to this degree, everybody knew that even if Samira’s life could be saved, his future had been completely destroyed...



* * *





Chapter 102




“Samira is a mole from the Norman Empire! All students, attention! Take your weapons! Together with Temporary Supervision Committee, we will disarm everyone who belongs to the Samira Business Group. Do not let any of them escape...”

That was Bagdad’s shout. The shout could be heard through almost the entire Wild Wolf Castle.

Seeing the affair developing to such a degree, Zhang Tie also felt that he was wasting time by standing here. As for the teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee, their eyes filled with terror were fixed on Zhang Tie; it was as if they were gazing at a prehistoric animal. The office turned into chaos. The moment Zhang Tie bent down and was planning to stealthily slip away, Mr. Zerom grabbed ahold of him.

“Zhang Tie, since you are the one who made this contribution, follow me to disarm the other people from the Samira Business Group. Before they are able to slip away, you should take a careful look at them and see whether there are any among them who tried to stir up trouble with you by arresting you.” Saying this in a righteous manner, Zerom winked at Zhang Tie.

Although Zhang Tie didn’t know Zerom’s plan, he knew that it was the right moment for him to leave, thus he hurriedly nodded.

……

With weapons in hand, Zerom led a great number of students attending this survival training and rushed outside Wild Wolf Castle with killing intent. Before they had even realized what was happening, the Samira Business Group employees in the square of Wild Wolf Castle had already been surrounded by the students, who were now pointing their spears at them. If they showed an intent to move, then they might be stabbed by a dozen spears simultaneously. The expression on the faces of every one of the Samira Business Group employees changed, as they did not know what was happening in the least. Facing such a great matrix of spears, even the LV 3 and LV 4 bodyguards of the Samira Business Group dared not to move.

Seeing Zerom and a group of students walking towards them, a small director of the Samira Business Group, who was confused about what was happening, shouted furiously, “Mr. Zerom, what’s going on? You guys need to give us an explanation! Where’s our boss, Samira?”

Aside from the Samira Business Group, standing by the side as they watched with wide opened eyes, there were many other students in the square that were just as confused about what was happening.

“To all the employees of the Samira Business Group, may I please have your attention. Your boss, Samira, has been revealed to be a mole of the Norman Empire. The Temporary Supervision Committee has already taken the necessary measures against him. If you do not wish to be implicated by Samira, put down your weapons at once and follow our instructions. The officials from the Ministry of Internal Affairs will be arriving to take care of this incident. Before their arrival, although the Temporary Supervision Committee will be restricting your personal freedom, we will also guarantee your safety. Anyone who resists or does not cooperate with the Temporary Supervision Committee’s disposal measures will be punished with espionage!” Zerom shouted loudly in the square, causing everyone from the Samira Business Group to be shocked. The accusation that Samira was a mole of the Norman Empire had shocked them all and had even caused some to drop their weapons onto the ground. As the employees of Samira Business Group were just normal workers working for an ordinary wage, they all knew what they had to do to protect themselves at this moment. If any one of them dared to stir up trouble at this moment, they would be obviously seeking death.

As expected, the seven Samira Business Group employees all surrendered in the square and complied with the disposal measures of the Temporary Supervision Committee, calmly leaving the square with Zerom and a group of on-duty students …

When Zerom took away the seven people from the Samira Business Group, he patted Zhang Tie’s shoulder and glanced at the large amount of items in the square brought by the Samira Business Group. Without saying a word, Zerom just winked towards Zhang Tie before leaving. Zhang Tie wasn’t able to figure out Zerom’s intention. It was only when Zerom had left and he had taken a second look at the items in the square did he realize what Zerom had meant. “This Zerom guy is really cunning, but… Hehehe, I like him!” All of a sudden, Zhang Tie became extremely excited.

While the other students in the square were still discussing what had just happened, Zhang Tie had already waved towards the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood. Seeing Zhang Tie’s glance, they instantly rushed over to him with expressions of excitement. Right as Barley opened his mouth, Zhang Tie had covered his mouth.

“Listen, have you seen this stuff yet?” Zhang Tie pointed towards the items in the square that had been piled up by the Samira Business Group as he spoke in a low voice, “Hurry up and take whatever you want and as much as you can. Remember, move quickly, steadily, and confidently! No matter how many items you take, it will just be considered compensation from the Samira Business Group for ruining my reputation.”

“Is… is that allowed?” Swallowing his saliva, Leit’s eyes were shining.

Zhang Tie grinned. Saying not another word, he took his mining basket from Shawin. For Sharwin and Doug, he pointed at where the Samira Business Group had piled up their weapons, and for the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, he had pointed at where the Samira Business Group had piled up their food.

Sharwin was really a considerate man; he had brought along Zhang Tie’s mining basket and mining tools, which were left outside the office just now. Since they belonged to Zhang Tie, he had brought them over for him.

While Barley and the other members of Hit-Plane Brotherhood were still dumbfounded, Zhang Tie had already walked towards the place where the Samira Business Group had piled up their food. At this place, a great number of students were still discussing, as they had not realized why the Samira Business Group members were taken away.

Zhang Tie confidently entered the trading circle surrounded by the crates of the Samira Business Group. Taking in a deep breath, Zhang Tie glanced over the items and flipped his mining basket upside down before knocking it on the ground so as to shake off the dust inside. Then, he began to load the items into his mining basket.

Dried milk slices, good item...

Sausages, good item...

Dried beef, good item...

Dried rations, Heh heh… due to the limited space in the mining basket, I have to leave you alone.

After Zhang Tie loaded up about half of his mining basket with dried milk slices and sausages, Barley and the other members had already ran over. After exchanging a glance, they said nothing, and with red eyes, began to look for what they needed. Every one of them brought a sack and began to load the items into it, keeping in mind what Zhang Tie had told them—move quickly, steadily, and confidently.

After a short while, they had already completely filled their sacks, and Zhang Tie had also completely loaded his mining basket and carried it on his back. The mining basket was only a bit more than 80 kg in weight and was even lighter than when it was usually filled with ores. After putting the mining basket on his back, Zhang Tie took a glance at the other items beside him and picked up a huge piece of ham with one hand and two pieces of dried beef, which weighed more than 20 kg, with the other.

While Zhang Tie and his brothers were calmly loading the items into their mining basket and sacks, all the other guys who were standing in line to exchange for food became silent as they watched the members of Hit-Plane Brotherhood with wide opened eyes. Exchanging glances, they were completely confused as to what was happening.

“What are they doing? Are they employees of the Samira Business Group? They don’t seem like it. What the hell are they doing?”

Finally, at the sight of Zhang Tie, who was preparing to leave with a mining basket filled with items and hands carrying a piece of ham and two dried pieces of beef, and the others who were carrying sacks so heavy that it caused their faces to be twisted, seemingly as if it almost broke their backs, a guy who stood to the side forcefully swallowed his saliva and asked, “Brothers, what… what are you doing?”

“It’s nothing. The Samira Business Group owed me, so I am just taking some items as compensation!” Zhang Tie replied confidently before glancing at Barley and the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood. Seeing that they had also completely loaded their sacks, Zhang Tie then walked out of the trading circle.

“Excuse me, please give way...” Zhang Tie and his brothers moved out from the pile of goods from the Samira Business Group. Zhang Tie then saw that Sharwin and Doug, who were both carrying a sack and held a box in hand, were ready to leave as well. Zhang Tie, Barley, and the other members immediately went to converge with Sharwin and Doug. After glancing at each other, they all became so excited that their faces had turned red.

Although the items on their backs were heavy, nobody felt that they were heavy. Every one of them burst out with great force and hated the fact that they only had two hands.

“Hurry up, go to the tree base. It’s going to get chaotic here!” Zhang Tie murmured. All the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood exchanged glances before lowering their heads and quickly disappearing from the square of Wild Wolf Castle with the items on their backs and ones in their hands.

……

“Oh, I remember that Samira Business Group owed me something too...” Seeing Zhang Tie and the other guys disappearing from the square of Wild Wolf Castle, the guy who had just talked with Zhang Tie glanced over the piled items that were supervised by no one and suddenly figured out what had just happened. He then rushed inside the trading circle, and after picking up two pieces of dried beef, he quickly left.

Seeing the second guy taking two huge pieces of dried beef, many more people among the onlookers realized what was going on and started to act.

“I also remember. I haven’t taken the food that I had deposited here!” Another guy rushed forward and took away some items.

“I also remember. The Samira Business Group owes me some food from the exchange last time...”

“I also remember...”

More and more people rushed forward, while the others were still hesitating...

“Brothers, Samira is a mole of the Norman Empire. During the survival training, we follow the wartime decree of the Andaman Alliance. Have you forgotten? These items belong to the Samira Business Group. That is to say, since Samira is our enemy, these items are our war trophies. What are you still looking at? Whoever grabs them will own them. Go grab...”

In the square, a great number of horny students were stimulated by these words. As a result, almost one thousand people attended the crazy campaign. At first, only the horny male students rushed forward to grab the items; however, after seeing their actions, even the girls rolled up their sleeves to join them. At this moment, they didn’t need to be polite at all. Since they had realized that Samira was a mole of the Norman Empire, why would they be polite to their enemy?

……



* * *





Chapter 103




Boom! The entire square of Wild Wolf Castle was thrown into chaos. For the boys, they would have to spend some time to bring the items back to their base or camp, which were nearby Wild Wolf Castle, while the girls would, like ants, bring the items back into the inner castle before rushing out and getting more.

“Sisters, come on! These are our trophies...” an elder sister-like female student commanded outside Wild Wolf Castle as she supported her hands on her waist. “If any bastard dares to grab our items, then we will go beat him to death!” Seeing the suddenly chaotic situation in the square of Wild Wolf Castle, Zerom smiled. “That fellow named Zhang Tie is truly smart. He actually understood my intentions. At least one thousand people have taken the items of the Samira Business Group, meaning that at least one thousand people believe that Samira is a mole of the Norman Empire. This time, Samira will definitely not be able to explain his way out of his crimes. Even though Samira has a great backer, considering Samira’s notorious reputation, who would be willing to have a connection with this guy...”

At this moment, Samira and his employees had already been put behind bars. Seeing the on-duty students gazing at him with desires, Zerom smiled. “Move quickly. I had promised you an hour of break. Remember to call your fellow students since you all deserve a share of the war trophies...”

Hearing Zerom’s words, all the on-duty students became spirited, and one by one, they immediately disappeared before him.

After the on-duty students left, Captain Kerlin walked towards Zerom as he rubbed his chin. Together with Zerom, the two stood on the high walls of the outer castle of Wild Wolf Castle with eyes fixed on the plunder carnival.

“Did you send someone to tell the idiots of the Male Lion Association about the event with Samira?” Zerom showed an evil smile. “I don’t know how those fellows would feel when they find out the person they had made a promise with and was cooperating with was a mole of the Norman Empire. Right after they left, this was revealed. This time, the expression on the face of that brat by the name of Burwick is definitely going to be a sight to behold!”

“I have already sent some of the faster guys to give them this information. They should not have gone too far yet. I really hope those idiots with blood rushing to their heads could be a little more rational and give up on the idea of capturing golden wolves. This way, there would be fewer casualties!” Captain Kerlin softly sighed, “Burwick has truly made me disappointed. I did not expect that he would cooperate with Samira and lead the Male Lion Association to the Crescent Prairie for the sake of making his ambitions come true at the risk of the lives of the other students!”

“Although Burwick is smart, he is too ambitious and too selfish. Such a person is very dangerous, as he will feel no hesitation to sacrifice others for the sake of his own benefits. In contrast, I feel that Zhang Tie is much better and can give you a surprise at any moment. Oh, I almost forgot, have you heard how he fought the Samira Business Group bodyguards? Those brats have praised his fighting skills so much!”

“I’ve already heard of it, but I still don’t believe it. No matter how careless a LV 3 warrior is, he would never be beaten and sent flying within just a single round!” Captain Kerlin rubbed his steel-needle-like mustache as he pondered over it. “I have not seen him perform this well at school. Could what the other students said be true? For him, is mining the most rigid and mysterious method of cultivation?”

“Perhaps!” Zerom shrugged his shoulders casually. “The Chinese clan is the most mysterious and the strongest of all the clans on the Kun’ang Continent and has its own time-honored and honorable mysterious cultivation system. I have heard that even the Catastrophe could not stop the succession of their cultivation system, let alone the fact that the Chinese Clan had also dug out many legacies from the underground world, thus obtaining numerous mysterious knowledge. That brat is Chinese and might have obtained some mysterious knowledge. People who have not been to the Oriental Continent would not be truly powerful. Perhaps I will visit the Oriental Continent one day. I have heard that it was pretty splendid over there and is filled with many powerful figures and numerous beauties...”

Zerom showed an expression of longing.

“Stop talking about the future. What should we do now? Is it really fine to treat Samira that way?” Captain Kerlin pointed at the noisy square below.

“This is just a small turmoil caused by Samira, a mole of the Norman Empire, and has nothing to do with us!” Zerom yawned, feeling as if it had nothing to do with him. He casually added, “Although there seems to be a great number of items, in the eyes of the big figures, they are worth nothing. The guy with bad luck in this is only Samira. Who would blame us for treating a mole of the Norman Empire, especially one who had tried to frame a student in such a despicable manner and had incited the anger of the public? Wouldn’t they be afraid of being treated as an accomplice of the mole?” Zerom showed an evil and cunning smile. “We will just treat these items as gifts from the Samira Business Group to the brats during tonight’s bonfire.”

“Although I couldn’t wait to pinch and break his eggs, who would have thought that Samira would be finished in such a way? Why did he set up Zhang Tie? I really can’t think it through!” Captain Kerlin heaved a deep sigh.

“Hahahaha, stop thinking about that unlucky fellow. If Samira has any bitterness left to pour out, then just let him explain it to the guys from the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Blackhot City, who always suspect everything...” As he finished saying this, Zerom looked right and left before whispering to Captain Kerlin in a mysterious tone, “I heard that Zhang Tie was given a strange punishment by Miss Qili. He probably doesn’t know that in the eyes of the girls, he has already become a hero...”

“What punishment?” Zerom’s strange behavior made Captain Kerlin unconsciously move back.

“I heard that girls nowadays mature early and are good at picking men. Heh heh heh… Don’t you think this survival training is becoming more and more interesting?”

“Yes, this survival training is becoming more and more interesting.” Captain Kerlin remembered the students who he had just inquired about Zhang Tie’s fight with the Samira Business Group bodyguards. Based on the descriptions and the imitations of the actions from the students, Captain Kerlin realized that the fist skill Zhang Tie had used to strike back at that bodyguard was the exact same Hammer Fist skill that was part of the Iron-Blood Fist, causing Captain Kerlin to be amazed. Within such a short period of time, is that brat already able to apply the fighting skills within the Iron-Blood Fist into practical fights? That was a lot of progress; Captain Kerlin knew that even if it was the simplest move, there was still a huge gap between theory in a book and applying it to a fight. In order to cross over this gap, you would have to fight others with real machetes and spears, you would have to bleed and sweat before instinctively mastering these fighting skills and moves and being able to respond quickly at the most critical junctures during a fight. With the exception of this method, there were no other methods available. However, that brat had received the Iron-Blood Fist for less than a week, within which, according to the description given by the other students, he had spent half a day every day digging in the mines, meaning that he had less time to cultivate. “That shouldn’t be the case. Could it be true that digging in the mines is a mysterious cultivation method in the Chinese clan? Should I give it a try myself?” Captain Kerlin mumbled inwardly.

He himself was really startled by his idea of digging in the mines...

……

Two hours later, every one of the Samira Business Group’s items piled up in the square of Wild Wolf Castle, including the items that they had purchased from and exchanged with the students, like wolf hides, medicinal herbs, and crystal sands, were taken away with nothing left behind. It was as if a pack of wolves had licked clean the entire square of Wild Wolf Castle. When the students who were still restless after plundering Samira’s items heard that Samira was trying to despicably stir up trouble during the survival training by setting up students who attended it, they immediately became reassured and furious. Every one of them reaffirmed that a guy like Samira, who used such dirty tricks to stir up trouble during the survival training, was definitely a mole of the Norman Empire who was lurking in Blackhot City. There were definitely reasons behind his disgusting behavior.

……

When the chaos in the square of Wild Wolf Castle came to an end, Zhang Tie and the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood had already arrived at their tree base and were covered in sweat. Although they moved as slowly as snails, they had already won the game since they were able to carry back so many items. Usually, they would not be able to stand carrying so many items at once, but for them to use such a righteous way to become rich through robbery, they wanted to obtain as much as they could carry at once; therefore, every one of them exerted their utmost efforts to do so.

Out of them all, the weight of the items carried by Sharwin was the least; including the items in his hands, it totaled to roughly 50 kg. In contrast, Zhang Tie had carried the most; with the mining basket on his back being fully loaded as well as his hands holding items, Zhang Tie alone carried more than 100 kg of items. As for the others, Barley, Leit, Hista, Doug, and Bagdad, each respectively carried 50-80 kg of items. Bagdad directly carried a huge sack of dried meat that weighed at least 60 kg and had not even been opened, though the sack was slightly smaller than Zhang Tie’s mining basket. Additionally, Bagdad had also clamped two bags of sausages under his armpits. Altogether, the items carried by Bagdad would weigh more than 80 kg.

Carrying these items, everybody became exceptionally excited. They only rested for a couple of times on the journey back and all spent all their efforts to bring back the items that they had plundered to their tree base.

At the sight of Zhang Tie, Pandora ran over with slightly red eyes. Hugging Zhang Tie tightly, she burst out into tears. “It’s all my fault. Because of me, you met troubles...”

At the sight of the other guys’ lustful eyes, Zhang Tie became both slightly embarrassed and moved. Ever since he was young, it was the first time for a girl to hug him while crying. Zhang Tie didn’t know what to say to make the situation better. This Pandora… whenever others encountered misfortune, she would always think the bad luck was related to her.

“Don’t cry… Look, aren’t I perfectly fine? Today, we have such a big harvest, and I have even brought you a gift!”



* * *





Chapter 104




As expected, the moment Pandora heard the word “gift”, she loosened her arms that were wrapped around Zhang Tie before looking around at the others. Feeling a bit embarrassed, her face immediately turned red.

Zhang Tie didn’t care about Pandora’s response and directly passed the pieces of dried beef that weighed about 30 kg to her. As it was very heavy, Pandora almost failed to steadily hold them even with two arms.

“This… this is my gift?” Pandora stared in amazement with wide opened eyes. This amount of dried beef was worth a lot, not only in the survival training but in Blackhot City as well. For other girls, everyday, they would only be able to exchange items for at most 0.05 kg to 0.2 kg of dried meat. Pandora had never thought that she would one day obtain such a large amount of dried beef at once.

“Hmm, this amount of food is enough for you to live through the survival training and perhaps even longer than that...” In the end, Zhang Tie had stolen it from the Samira Business Group and did not feel reluctant to give it as a present to Pandora. With the other food he had brought back this time, the amount of food he had stored would be enough for him to survive for half a year. Since he couldn’t finish it all even by the end of this survival training and neither could he bring the extra food back home to Blackhot City, at this moment, he decided to be a rich and generous man in front of Pandora.

“I’ve never met anyone who treats me so well. Why do you treat me so well?” With eyes fixed on Zhang Tie, Pandora’s nose was slightly shaking and her pair of beautiful blue eyes began to become glossy and watery once again.

“You are my lucky angel, so I will bring you up...” Zhang Tie made such a joke to stop Pandora from crying, but soon after saying it, he realized he went too far and his words were ambiguous. Thus, he hurriedly added, “We are partners, so of course I will make you full!”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, Hista made an obscene smile. “Stop, stop your love talk, please. Hurry up and go back to the tree base. We can’t stand it anymore. Pandora, what Zhang Tie means is that you should eat more meat, so you develop well. Heh… heh… you should know what Zhang Tie means!” To the side, Hista grinned.

For an unknown reason, as long as Hista opened his mouth, he always gave others a sense of obscenity. Hearing his words, Pandora’s face turned even redder. Furiously glancing at Hista and Zhang Tie, she slightly bit her lip before hugging the dried meat and returned to the tree base.

“Come on, let’s go back to count our achievements!” Barley also urged to the side.

The moment Barley urged them, Zhang Tie recovered his composure from Pandora’s embarrassed and sexy glance, which had caused him to be captivated. It was not an exaggeration in the least; he was truly captivated by that glance. At the sight of Pandora’s eyes, Zhang Tie felt as if a nerve in his head had become slightly numb before a wisp of excitement trembled and instantly flashed across his whole body like a current of electricity. This time, Zhang Tie couldn’t help but keep his eyes on Pandora’s butt and started to feel an exceptional charm from Pandora’s butt. While his p*nis that was swollen and full of blood, an evil thought flashed in his mind—although Pandora was thin, she was also sexy!

……

After returning to their tree base, when counting the achievements they brought back, even the girls who worked with the Hit-Plane Brotherhood stared with wide opened eyes at Zhang Tie, Barley, and the other three people who carried back goods that were more than 300 kg in weight. All the items were of high calorie and best sellers like dried milk slices, pieces of dried meat, sausages, ham, etc.. In addition to the food brought back, Sharwin and Doug had brought back several crates. Opening the crates, the gleaming long swords and the portable spare parts, which could be assembled into a spear, that laid on the grass caused the horny students to exclaim. There were two crates of spears with four spears in each, and two crates of long swords with eight swords in each, totaling to eight spears and sixteen long swords. They were all military weapons produced in Blackhot City and were even of higher quality than what they usually used in the survival training.

After jubilantly asking the girls to take some of the food to cook supper, every member of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood started to discuss how they were to deal with these items in the tree house.

In the tree hollow, all the horny members stared at Zhang Tie with no one speaking a single word. Under their gazes, Zhang Tie became a bit baffled. Scratching his head, he then said, “Why are you staring at me?”

The other horny members then moved their gazes onto Barley, who then smiled. “These items could be considered compensation from the Samira Business Group for damaging your reputation, so you have the right to deal with them. We have only brought them back for you .”

“I’m the one deciding?” Zhang Tie pointed at his nose as all the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood nodded.

Seeing these items, Zhang Tie thought for a while before uttering, “Well, since Sharwin and Doug were the ones who brought back the weapons, then they can each pick two weapons, one long weapon and one short weapon. After that, there will be six spears and fourteen long swords left, which will be considered as items to be shared by the Hit-Plane Brotherhood. As for the food we brought back today, we will share them equally. Do you agree with this distribution?”

Looking at Zhang Tie, the other members of the Hit-Plan Brotherhood all burst out into laughter, as they all thought Bighead was truly generous in this affair.

“I agree with equal distribution of food and the weapons given to Sharwin and Doug; however, if the remaining weapons belong to the brotherhood, I think it will be pretty unfair to you. This solution is also not in compliance with the principles of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood. After all, you are the one who had spent a lot of efforts this time and are the one who has made the most contribution in the Hit-Plane Brotherhood...” Barley looked very shrewd at this moment. “How about this? We will distribute the remaining twenty weapons based on the number of shares. Since Zhang Tie has contributed the most, he will own forty percent of the weapons. The remaining sixty percent will belong to the six of us. As for the personal weapons we have with us, if we don’t need them, then we can exchange them for shares. After this survival training ends, we will sell this batch of weapons in Blackhot City, and the money we get will be used as our first team fund. What do you think about my suggestion?”

“Great!” Everybody agreed as they all felt Barley’s opinion was much better and more reasonable. Seeing the others nodding, Zhang Tie nodded as well.

At this moment, none of the youths could have imagined that the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, starting as a trivial group that used spears and swords as shares, would become brilliant in the future...

……

The event of Samira being a “mole of the Norman Empire” was gradually developing...

On a side of a hill more than 10 miles away from Wild Wolf Castle, the on-duty students who had set off from Wild Wolf Castle finally caught up with the horny students of the Male Lion Association, who were ready to capture golden wolves and pick goose-neck grass. After all, a team of more than 200 members could not move as fast as a squad of only seven or eight people.

After catching up with them, when the on-duty students told Burwick the news that Samira might be a mole of the Norman Empire, Burwick’s face immediately turned pale. The Male Lion Association was thrown into chaos, and in confusion, they began to look at each other one by one.

“What’s happening? How could Samira suddenly become a mole of the Norman Empire?” Burwick doubted. Of course, he didn’t know what had happened in Wild Wolf Castle in the past several hours. He would never imagine that his casual exposing of Zhang Tie to Samira, which was due to fear of being surpassed, would, in the end, bury Samira.

“We won’t know the results until the officials from Blackhot City’s Ministry of Internal Affairs take over the follow-up investigation of Samira’s case. Except for you, the fact that Samira had intended to stir up trouble in this survival training is already known by everyone in Wild Wolf Castle!” The on-duty students who came to inform the Male Lion Association looked shrewd and had eyes that contained a wisp of contempt and mockery. Any smart person could see through Burwick’s ambition. As students of Mr. Zerom, the teacher of the Second National Male Middle School, many of them were smart. “The teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee feared that you were being framed by the mole of the Norman Empire. That is why they sent us to inform you. Samira can not even protect himself now, so the promises that he had made in front of you might never be realized. Additionally, nobody knows whether or not Samira intended to harm you by instigating you to march towards Crescent Prairie. It’s estimated that the officials of Blackhot City’s Ministry of Internal Affairs will be interested in those who have cooperated with Samira!”

Before leaving, one of the on-duty students turned around and shouted loudly, “Brothers of the Male Lion Association, Samira is finished. You’d better not be the cannon fodder of some insidious person. Oh, I almost forgot. There’s a bonfire party tonight in Wild Wolf Castle!”

No matter how cunning Burwick was, he also became restless at this moment. If he continued to march towards Crescent Prairie, then he would truly be an idiot. Burwick even started to doubt whether there would even be someone who would want to go with him to experience such an adventure which was teeming with dangers and could even put him in a load of trouble. However, if they went back to the Wild Wolf Castle, every member of the Male Lion Association, who had generously sworn to complete this great mission, might become a huge laughing stock in this survival training—no, it was not might become, but rather, they had already become one. As the instigator of this huge farce, how could his school recommend such a figure?

How did it come to this? Burwick was also confused. He then converted this confusion into hatred and anger—’Who!? Who was the one who had made me lose everything and turn me into a public laughingstock when I was so close to success?’

Burwick’s expressions changed quickly while thinking it over. He was so concentrated that he even failed to notice the people beside him who had called to him several times. When Burwick recovered his composure, he found that all the other members of the Male Lion Association were giving him strange looks.

“We… we better return to our base first!” Burwick forced a smile.

After returning to their base, Burwick sent someone to investigate what had happened to Samira. However, the news from Wild Wolf Castle shocked Burwick for a long time—Zhang Tie… it was Zhang Tie...



* * *





Chapter 105




By the time the sun had set, large pieces of wood had been piled up two meters high in the middle of the square of Wild Wolf Castle, and to the side of the tall pile of wood were scattered smaller pieces of woods that were covered in pine resin. With burning torches in hand, the on-duty students waited to the side with eyes fixed on the highest point of the inner castle tower of Wild Wolf Castle where the lightning rods were installed.

As the last wisp of sunlight slipped behind the highest point of the inner castle tower of Wild Wolf Castle, every pile of wood was set ablaze and the bonfire party started.

At every place and at every night party, women were always the protagonists as well as the hosts of the party, and this included the bonfire party in Wild Wolf Castle. The moment the piles of wood were ignited, those women had already successively walked out of the castle in groups.

Every one of the girls had delicately dressed up, and many of them wore a beautiful skirt. Seeing the groups of girls surging out from the gate of the inner castle, many horny students who had already waited to the side of the gates of Wild Wolf Castle took heavy breaths, and with wide opened eyes, they gazed at the girls passing by, completely captivated by what they were seeing. Along with the flying skirts that brought along with it a fragrant breeze came the various enchanting figures, plump or slim, and various adorable smiles. Compared to when they had first seen those girls at the railway station, this time, they saw real girls, perhaps even goddesses.

Some of the horny students even choked on their own saliva and began to loudly cough...

Much like the tradition in Blackhot City, the bonfire party during the survival training was also considered a tradition. During the survival training, the male students would always show their own abilities and worth, while the female students showed their value for reproduction.

The girls came out of the castle in teams of two. Once they came out, they would begin to separate, with one to the left and the other to the right. After respectively occupying a place in the square, they would sit down by the bonfire, seemingly as if they were competing with each other for the attention of the boys. However, while the boys would use their preys to show their value, the girls, in a similar manner, would use their own values; they would use their beauty, elegance, charm, and other abilities to conquer the boys.

Tonight, the girls were the protagonists!

It was only when all the girls had come out from the castle, sat by the bonfire, and had displayed the attitudes of hosts were the boys, who had long been waiting to the side, allowed to join them.

When all the girls sat beside the bonfires, the animals, who had long been drooling, drew close to the circles of girls that surrounded the bonfire as they pretended to be gentlemen. The square of Wild Wolf Castle then started to be boisterous.

……

Facing the first night party ever since they were born, all the horny students in the Hit-Plane Brotherhood also paid a great deal of attention to this chance. As someone had to stay in the tree base to keep an eye on it, they drew lots to decide who would stay. Unexpectedly, it was Bagdad who was to stay back, resulting in him being silent and depressed. However, after Zhang Tie took out of the Iron-Blood Fist Skill and told him that he had several hours to read this book if he stayed in the tree base, Bagdad grinned. For guys like Bagdad, who treated fighting skills as their lives, he had truly made a huge gain this time.

As they had to participate in such a night party, they would certainly treat it seriously. After supper, they then started to take a bath in that stream that was not far from the tree base. Afterwards, they returned to the tree base and searched their luggage for a set of clean clothes.

For this survival training, Zhang Tie had only brought a total of three sets of clothes and a pair of spare shoes. One of the three sets of clothes was the uniform of Blackhot City’s city guard army, which was left by his elder brother. This uniform was the favorite amongst the adolescents in Blackhot City and was the most popular fashion item in the black market. Although it was much larger than Zhang Tie’s frame, his mom had tailored it and made it barely suitable to Zhang Tie’s frame. His mom was very considerate, and in consideration of Zhang Tie’s fast growth, she had specifically made it a bit larger than Zhang Tie’s current frame. During the last new year when Zhang Tie wore it as a set of new clothes, he had to roll up his sleeves and trousers a bit, but today when he wore it again, he felt that it was only a bit loose and fit him quite well. This time, he didn’t need to roll up his sleeves and trousers.

After changing into a set of new clothes and wearing that pair of leather boots that were gifted to him by his elder brother, Zhang Tie, with the exception of the collar insignia and shoulder strap on his hat and clothes, completely became a member of the city guard army in Blackhot City. Among the adolescents in Blackhot City, this was their favorite way to dress.

Fastening a leather belt around his waist, he hung the new sword that he obtained today in the buckle of the leather belt around his waist. After doing all of this, he felt spirited.

The long sword on his waist was exchanged with Sharwin. As that sword was the one engraved with Zhang Tie’s name and was lent to him by Zhang Tie, Sharwin wanted to take it as a momento, thus he used the new sword that he had obtained today and exchanged it for the sword which had Zhang Tie’s name engraved upon it.

Since Zhang Tie was the last person to finish cleaning himself up, he was certainly the last one to finish changing into a set of clean clothes and walk out from the tree hollow. By the time Zhang Tie had jumped out of the tree hollow, Barley and the others had already been waiting for him below it. At the sight of Zhang Tie, all the other members looked at him with wide opened eyes and instantly stopped talking.

“What’s wrong?” Zhang Tie touched all over his body and lowered his head to check his crotch but found nothing was amiss.

“That’s really strange. After dressing up, I suddenly feel that Bighead is much more handsome than before!” Barley opened his mouth.

“Am I handsome?” Zhang Tie giggled as he touched his head. Since he was born, this was the first time that he was praised by others as handsome.

“Really, I feel that Bighead could already survive by using just his face!” Hista showed an obscene smile.

“Bastard, you go survive yourself by just using your face!” Zhang Tie rebutted.

“Haha, thanks for your praise. To be able to survive using my face is my lifelong dream!”

“Bighead, I feel that you are really different from before...” Leit, with two fingers caressing his chin like an old man, glanced at Zhang Tie from top to bottom. “I can’t tell the specifics, but I can feel that you are really something and have a big Qi field!” Bagdad said.

“I also feel that Bighead seems more handsome than before!” Sharwin added.

“Ha...ha...” Zhang Tie burst out into laughter, as his vanity was somewhat satisfied at this moment. “Well, we are all very handsome. Let’s go!”

……

In truth, Zhang Tie didn’t know that every since he had obtained the Castle of Black Iron, his body and spirit had undergone a tremendous change.

The effects of the Leakless Fruit gradually improved Zhang Tie’s body. At this moment, Zhang Tie looked magnificent yet reserved. The largest change was Zhang Tie’s eyes, followed by his hair and skin. The health of a person’s eyes, hair, and skin was closely related to the energy within his body, his secretion glands, and the functioning and vitality of organs like the liver and the kidney. One effect of the Leakless Fruit was exactly reflected in the improvements of human energy and the functioning and vitality of human organs and glands.

At the age of 15, his eyes should only be brilliant, but after obtaining the Castle of Black Iron and especially after eating three Leakless Fruits, Zhang Tie’s eyes looked more than brilliant and even shone a bit, making him look very vibrant.

Besides his eyes, his hair had also improved a lot. His hair was neither good nor bad before, but after washing it, his black hair looked as if it had been carefully maintained like that of those honorable ladies. Deep in his eyes was a sort of magnificent spirit which showed his vigorous vitality. As for his skin, it was just as average as the others. Ever since he had entered puberty, his skin was troubled with acne every once in awhile, but since a bit more than a month ago, Zhang Tie hadn’t noticed that the couple of acne on his face had long disappeared. Not only that, his skin was gradually becoming more and more delicate, brighter, and cleaner than before.

The only side effect of the Leakless Fruit is that it made Zhang Tie look more and more handsome. Although Zhang Tie was not considered ugly before and could even rank in the upper middle areas among the Chinese adolescents, after experiencing such a great change, Zhang Tie instantly became outstanding.

Continually mining and doing high-intensity labor work gradually caused Zhang Tie’s muscles to become prominent and sturdy, while his body and shoulders gradually became broader. After the continuous cultivation and repetitively experiencing life and death situations in the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit, Zhang Tie looked more and more mysterious and profound.

With all these advantages, even Zhang Tie himself had not realized that he was gradually becoming more and more excellent and attractive among his peers. As Hista had said, Zhang Tie could already survive by just using his face in front of girls.

These days, since Zhang Tie had been busy digging in the mines, he looked dirty every day with that ugly mining basket on his back, thus few people had noticed his change. However, after taking a simple bath, combing his hair, and changing into a set of clean clothes, Zhang Tie immediately looked different in the eyes of the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, who had stayed with him for a long time. Because of their lack of experience, they had failed to identify the small changes to Zhang Tie. The moment they saw him, they only felt that Zhang Tie had become much more handsome.



* * *





Chapter 106




When the six members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood arrived at Wild Wolf Castle, It was already completely dark, and the square with the bonfires was becoming increasingly boisterous. Looking from a distance, the red flames from the bonfires in the square looked like bundles of flower blossoms that attracted crazy bees and romantic butterflies to fly over. In addition to that, the music played on the accordions, and over time, the aroma of the roasted meat drifted far away along with the cheers of the horny students. The pleasant atmosphere could even be felt by the other people at the foot of the mountain.

The moment they paced up to ascend the mountain, they heard the exclamations and whistles of the animals who were sitting around two girls with masks on their faces who were performing a belly dance, which had many chaotic movements as they twisted their waists and bellies.

“After the party, we will meet up here before heading back to the tree base together. Brothers, seducing girls is a personal fight. I will go first, good luck!” After saying this with an obscene smile, Hista spat out the two tea leaves that were brought by Barley and immediately drilled into the crowd before disappearing.

Barley and the other members also cleansed their mouths before spitting out the tea leaves used to refresh their mouths. After exchanging glances, they said “good luck” to each other before drilling into the crowd and disappearing, leaving Zhang Tie standing on the ground alone, confused as to where to go.

Zhang Tie was not aware that what had happened to him at noon today, especially his fight with the bodyguard of the Samira Business Group, which was even described as marvelous, had caused his name to be well known among the girls in Wild Wolf Castle. They all knew how he forced back a LV 3 bodyguard of the Samira Business Group within a round and had used the “Hidden Blade Move” to deter the people who tried to set him up. Winning the fight using his intelligence and verbal prowess, he finally revealed Samira’s status as a “mole of the empire”. He was able to beat Samira, who had intended to frame him and put him in a hellish state, in such a short period of time. Such a reversal did not only shock the onlooking students but also the teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee. How could such a talented person just be silently digging in the mines before? Wasn’t that strange? Well, there was no need to be curious about that, as it was a profound mysterious cultivation method of the Chinese clan in the Oriental Continent...

When some of the gossipy students asked about that amazing, black-haired miner, they realized that he was exactly the Zhang Tie who was known everywhere in Wild Wolf Castle since a few days ago for his heroic feat of killing three wild wolves before jumping into a 200-m deep cave in order to survive. Realizing this, they felt that Zhang Tie was even more mysterious.

Powerful and mysterious were how many girls felt about Zhang Tie when they heard this name.

As there were only a few Chinese students attending this survival training, the moment Zhang Tie appeared in the square of Wild Wolf Castle, he was instantly recognized by many people who paid attention to him. Unexpectedly, Zhang Tie was also handsome and robust, which had caused many girls who were stealthily paying attention to him to become exceptionally spirited at the sight of this key person. In truth, Zhang Tie’s figure and his personalities definitely made him attractive in the eyes of others.

Standing in pace, Zhang Tie swallowed his saliva as he stealthily glanced at the two hot girls beside him. Out of his expectation, a beauty had suddenly appeared in front him.

Almost as tall as Zhang Tie, that beauty had amber-colored hair, white skin, and a delicate face. She was wearing an elegant longuette while her two plump breasts were exposed from her V-shaped collar.

Wow, so huge!

Zhang Tie exclaimed inwardly. Regardless of sex, white people had the advantage over Chinese people when it came to physical development. Taking this beauty as an example, although she looked no more than 16 years old, her hot figure could even match those Chinese women in their thirties. She was the perfect example of a woman with an angel’s face and a terrific figure.

Seeing the beauty gazing at him with a big smile, Zhang Tie looked left and right before ascertaining she was here for him.

“Hello, I’m Alice, can I invite you to be my playmate in this bonfire party?”

‘Being invited by a beauty to be her playmate? Oh my god!’ Zhang Tie exclaimed inwardly. ‘Is today April Fool’s Day? Or I am just lucky enough to encounter beauties?’

“Are… are you talking to me?” As it had only been a single day, Zhang Tie had not fully completed his transition from a poor adolescent to the focus of the girls, thus hearing the beauty’s invitation, Zhang Tie became unconfident as he pointed at his own nose and asked the girl.

“Of course, do you think I am talking to someone else?” Alice winked.

A man, at such a moment and on such an occasion, unless there was something wrong with his mind, would never refuse the invitation of enchanting girls like Alice.

Having satisfied his vanity, Zhang Tie recovered his composure as he forced a smile. “I’m Zhang Tie, it’s my pleasure to be your playmate!”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, Alice also showed a smile as she seized Zhang Tie’s arm and hugged it between her breasts. While she did this, Alice looked proud as she glanced over the onlooking girls who had been focusing on Zhang Tie, sending them a special signal—he’s mine! This method of showing off was perhaps something that only girls could understand.

At this moment, Zhang Tie’s left hand was being hugged by Alice while his arm was tightly glued to Alice’s plump breasts and was sandwiched between them. Although Alice did not see this as something serious, Zhang Tie’s face immediately blushed. That sensation transmitted from his arm to his brain made him exceptionally excited and Tie felt his d*ck instantly pop up like a beast capturing a prey. Zhang Tie immediately foisted his right hand into a pocket of his trousers before firmly pressing down on that thing.

“What’s wrong with you?” Unknown whether or not she had noticed Zhang Tie’s abnormal movement, Alice innocently asked Zhang Tie as she silently rubbed Zhang Tie’s arm onto her breasts a couple of times.

Feeling the mischievousness and craftiness hidden in Alice’s naive face and her innocent tone, Zhang Tie immediately converted his embarrassment into a braveness that even surprised himself. Pretending to be ferociously staring at Alice, he kissed her under her surprised look. Moving his mouth to Alice’s ear, he whispered, “Earlier, I realized that thing was not tamed, so I just made it tamed!”

“How are you so bold? You want to kiss me, but you don’t ask whether I’m willing?” Alice, with wide opened eyes, looked at Zhang Tie in amazement.

“Well, if you felt that you suffered a loss, you can kiss me as compensation. Then, we will be even!” Zhang Tie shamelessly said.

“You bastard!” Alice smiled again as she tightly hugged Zhang Tie’s arm.

Zhang Tie slightly heaved a sigh inwardly.

After kissing Alice, Zhang Tie was also worried about what would happen next. He also felt that he was too bold just now, but then he remembered what his elder brother had told him. In fact, women really hated those gentlemen who dared not to be aggressive to them. If you bravely kissed a girl and she didn’t slap you, then it meant that she had not lost interest in you; at the very least, she did not lose interest in you because of this kiss. You then have to stand the upcoming test. The biggest loser was those who instantly apologized after kissing a girl. Many girls didn’t plan to slap you after being kissed; however, after you apologized, you might be slapped by them, and they would even add you into a list of bastards and would never form a good opinion of you—girls were born to wait for a man with a whip to conquer them!

Zhang Tie thought he was really lucky enough to meet such a beauty tonight, but never would he expected that this was not his only luck tonight. After walking a few steps forward with Alice, another beauty appeared in front of them. This was a blonde beauty who wore a skintight red mini-vest, which caused her huge breasts to almost burst out, skintight trousers, and a pair of boots. She was as hot as Alice, and in a single sentence, she was really pleasant to Zhang Tie’s eyes.

With eyes fixed on Zhang Tie and a sweet and confident smile, that beauty directly walked towards Zhang Tie and Alice. When that beauty walked towards them, Zhang Tie felt Alice’s tension and her hostility towards this women.

“Hello, I’m Beverly. Could I invite you to be my playmate tonight?” that beauty directly and boldly said to Zhang Tie.

After receiving the same invitation from the two beauties, Zhang Tie felt as if his popularity was skyrocketing.

“Sorry, I have already promised Alice to be her playmate tonight!”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s explanation, Alice made a sweet smile and directly kissed Zhang Tie before glaring at Beverly.

The smile on Beverly's face remained unchanged. “Would you mind changing your playmate by choosing me?”

After a stealthy glance at this blonde girl’s breasts and Alice, who was looking at him with a sweet smile, Zhang Tie replied, “Hmm… I.. I do mind!”

“Do you mind having one more playmate?” Beverly proudly stood straight, causing her frame to be even more pronounced. “I think that as a gentleman, you should not refuse the invitation from a beauty like me for consecutive three times at a party!”

“Then, fine!” Zhang Tie had long been extremely excited inside. Who would refuse the invitation from a beauty like Beverly if there was nothing wrong with his mind? They were just playmates at a night party, the more the better.

When Beverly walked beside Zhang Tie and hugged his other arm, putting it between her breasts, Zhang Tie really felt a bit dazzled while his d*ck greatly expanded and became erect.

‘Happiness arrives so fast that this father has not even been circumcised yet.’ Zhang Tie sighed inwardly.When he was glued by their breasts at the same time, Zhang Tie immediately felt something was wrong between Alice and Beverly as there was a sense of animosity on them like what other female animals would do in front of their enemies.

“You two… do you two know each other?” Zhang Tie asked them out of curiosity.

“Of course...” Before Alice opened her mouth, Beverly had already spoken, “ Alice is a member of the Rose Association, while I am a member of the Lilac Association. We usually make exchanges with each other!” After recovering her composure, Alice raised her chin and proudly said, “Men fight to conquer the world, while we women fight to conquer men. Since this man is my target, Beverly, I will never lose this fight!”

“Alice, I have never doubted my charm!” Beverly also defiantly said before hugging Zhang Tie’s arm even more tightly, “I also won’t let this man go in front of me!”

“Just wait for that!”

“Fine, I hope you won’t cry!”

After fiercely glaring at each other, the girls both “harrumphed” and turned their heads away.

What the f*ck? What Rose Association and Lilac Association? Zhang Tie became really confused about what the two girls had talked about. Relationships between girls were much more complex than that between boys. Zhang Tie was not interested in interfering with the conflict between these girls.

“Stop, you two...” Zhang Tie couldn’t stand it anymore as he glanced at Alice and Beverly. “I’m really flattered by your adoration, but now that we are playmates for tonight’s party, we should just be happy. There’s no need to destroy the happy atmosphere!”

“Of course, we will definitely make you happy. Alice and I are not only your best playmates but also your best partners, aren’t we, Alice?”

“Of course!” Alice replied quickly as she returned a smile to Beverly. “This man belongs to us. We won’t let any more in, agreed?”

“Yes!”

The bold behaviors of these two girls almost made Zhang Tie pass out, but he had to admit that he really enjoyed being hugged by the two beauties with huge breasts. It felt cool both psychologically and physiologically. Seeing the envious eyes of the other male animals, Zhang Tie felt an extremely sweet sensation inside. It’s pretty cool, and it’s exciting!

……

‘In the past, I thought that I would be very happy as long as I was surrounded by beauties, but it was only today when I am tightly hugged by two hot girls with huge breasts did I realize… this was true. Yeah! Hahaha...'

‘Well, I have to admit that I am a just a secular man who likes beauties and big boobs. The more beauties around me, the happier I will be and the more sense of achievement I will have!’

Zhang Tie said to himself in his heart!

Feeling as if he was being watched by a pair of eyes, Zhang Tie realized it was Miss Qili who was solemnly staring at him. In the past, Zhang Tie had felt that Miss Qili looked at him as if she were looking at a big, drooling toad; however, now that her opinion of Zhang Tie had improved, Miss Qili looked at him as if she were looking at a wolf disguised in human skin who would walk straight on the ground. Her eyes were teeming with alert and warning. Thinking of the strange punishment that woman had given him, Zhang Tie became pretty infuriated inside. ‘You don’t want any girls to stay with this father alone for three minutes… Heh heh, as you can see, I have two girls with me right now. Your motherf*cking punishment doesn’t work on me anymore.’

Facing Miss Qili’s stare, under the slight cry of Alice and Beverly, Zhang Tie pulled his arms away from the two girls’ breasts before directly hugging their slim waists and kissing the two girls’ faces right in front of Miss Qili. Then, he pointed at his own face, letting the two girls kiss him before finally grinning towards Miss Qili, exposing two rows of white teeth...

Zhang Tie felt really refreshed at the sight of Miss Qili being really infuriated as her willow-leaf-like eyes raising upwards.

In the distance, Hista and Barley encountered each other. When they thought that Zhang Tie was still a virgin and had no experience in seducing girls, their repulsive attitudes drove them to look for Zhang Tie. They wanted to see how Zhang Tie would lose face in front girls. Out of expectation, they caught sight of Zhang Tie ferociously hugging and kissing two beauties with huge breasts, causing their eyes to almost pop out of their sockets. And it even went further; he even let the two beauties kiss him back and the two beauties just did as he told them to.

Hista and Fatty Barley, who had thought they had rich experiences in seducing girls, were really shocked by what they saw. They became mouth agape.

“Beast!” Hista shouted. “Could he have been born with seducing skills? My god, he even let two girls kiss him at the same time. It’s two girls, not one! He has two girls accompanying him at once. God! Are you kidding me? Am I dreaming? Could digging in the mines really help people seduce girls? F*ck!”

“Beast!” Fatty Barley also cursed loudly. However, Zhang Tie instantly became much greater in his mind. In such a short period, a guy who had not yet even been circumcised was able to successfully seduce two beauties at the same time. Which other drooling guy was capable of this? Is digging in the mines really a super mysterious knowledge? At this moment, even Barley, who had heard of those rumor, started to feel his mind waver.

At the same time, it was not only Hista and Barley who were loudly cursing Zhang Tie but Miss Qili and Mr. Zerom as well...

But each of them was in a different mood when cursing him.

Kristine and Pandora were also cursing him. Zhang Tie never knew that his move was seen by so many people at the same time.

After cursing Zhang Tie, Kristine and Pandora, who were far from each other in the crowd, made the same movement—lowering their heads, they looked at their own breasts and both felt infuriated and unconvinced.

Bastard—they added one more word at the same time!



* * *





Chapter 107




At dawn, a cavalry squad who all wore light uniforms covered by a black cloak arrived at Wild Wolf Castle. The sudden arrival of the clattering hoofs broke the tranquility at dawn and surprised a flock of birds, causing them fly away. The overnight howls and curses of Samira, who had already been put behind the bars of an underground cell in the Wild Wolf Castle, would soon become desperate weeps!

……

While dreaming, Zhang Tie slept very well last night and even had a foolish smile on his face. As for the bonfire party last night, it made Zhang Tie very happy. In that night party, he had hugged two beauties with huge breasts and walked here and there to show off. He had even kissed and touched the two beauties at his will and let them fight for his favor. What he had done had truly stimulated the other animals, causing their eyes to turn green, and had even caused Miss Qili’s eyes to turn red. To do such a deed in such a manner, in truth, it was motherf*cking cool! Zhang Tie thought that he had never been so cool since he was born.

Through last night’s party, Zhang Tie was able to understand three things, or rather, three truths.

The first truth was that beauty was the source of happiness.

The second truth was that the main driving force behind a man’s will to improve his strength and abilities was to possess more sources of happiness. Zhang Tie remembered that a teacher once said that before the Catastrophe, a famous human psychologist attributed the basic driving force of human society to human’s sexual impulses. At that time, Zhang Tie couldn’t understand what that meant, but after what happened last night, he finally realized that it was truly a damn wise opinion. Over a single night, Zhang Tie felt that he started to desire more in his future. He had more opinions and more desires than before, and although Zhang Tie also felt that he longed for the future even more than before, after what happened last night, he realized that he could long for it even more. For example, he realized that Iron-Body Fruit might accelerate its speed to become ripe...

As for the third truth, Zhang Tie realized that he was still a commoner and a mortal. While the Castle of Black Iron and that small tree had neither made him greater, more honorable, nor more tasteful, he had not been able to live without being vulgar. When a beauty showed him her adoration, he would always feel excited inwardly as he hugged her waist. At that moment, both his vanity and his naughty d*ck would expand a lot from the excitement. All these showed that he was still as vulgar as before.

……

As usual, Zhang Tie’s biological clock woke him up at a bit past 6:00 am.

Waking up, Zhang Tie felt highly spirited and full of vitality. After putting on that set of mining clothes, Zhang Tie slipped out of the tree hollow. For the second half of last night, it was Doug’s turn to be on duty. Doug was currently hugging the machine bow as he squatted in the small pit of the tree with eyes half closed. Seeing Zhang Tie getting up so early, Doug, who had been familiar with Zhang Tie’s style, grinned and passed his machine bow to Zhang Tie before yawning and returning to his hole to sleep. Zhang Tie then hugged that machine bow and squatted in the tree pit to start his first homework—visualizing an abacus and practicing mental arithmetic using the abacus. Aside from improving the prowess of one’s mental calculations, it could also improve one’s spiritual energy. Currently, this secret was only known by Zhang Tie. If Donder had not told him to not casually impart how to use an abacus to others, Zhang Tie would have long been practicing it together with the other guys of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood.

After Zhang Tie practiced for more than an hour, Barley also got up, followed by the other guys. Seeing all the other members having gotten up, Zhang Tie ended his cultivation. After simply cleaning himself, he casually gnawed on a small piece of dried meat before carrying his mining basket and starting a new day of work.

On the way to his mining cave, Zhang Tie was highly spirited, as another Leakless Fruit would be ripe today. After eating this fruit, the burning point on his rear end would be ignited and he himself would also be officially promoted to a LV 2 warrior. After that, he would definitely be an elite among all the students attending this survival training. Starting from the burning point on one’s rear end, each additional ignited burning point would obviously help improve one’s physical qualities, especially strength. According to Captain Kerlin, this was because Strength of Blood, Strength of Channel, Strength of Vein, Strength of Bone, and Strength of Marrow were gradually activated in addition to the Strength of Qi.

Zhang Tie estimated that after the ignition of the Shrine Burning Point, his strength was only a bit lower than Glaze’s. This trivial difference laid in Glaze’s physique, but if he truly fought with Glaze, then Zhang Tie felt that he would not necessarily be defeated by Glaze. Although Glaze held the advantage in strength, he could not match Zhang Tie’s speed and battle experience. Zhang Tie refused to believe that Glaze would also have a Trouble-Reappearance Fruit to eat, in which he could experience life and death situation seven to eight times in that mysterious space.

Additionally, based on the speed that the leakless fruit would help him ignite his burning points, Zhang Tie estimated that he could ignite two more burning points before the end of the survival training. No matter what, with his recent cultivation speed, Zhang Tie felt that he would soon catch up with Glaze. Glaze would not be ahead of him for much longer; within a short period, he would completely surpass Glaze in all aspects.

What would a man whose strength is gradually increasing obtain? Heh heh… Of course, more and more sources of happiness. Thinking of those two enchanting vixens, Alice and Beverly, and their huge boobs, Zhang Tie grinned. Last night, he couldn’t help but do many “terrible and disgusting” things to those two girls in his mind. After what had happened last night, Zhang Tie found that he actually had a strong sense of possessiveness when it came to women, especially beautiful women. Although his desire had not reached levels of insanity, it was still pretty strong. If he spoke out his desires, he would definitely be constantly cursed at by those apologists and hypocrites both in writing and verbally.

Zhang Tie felt that his ideal life was to lay on a bed covered in money as he was surrounded by many beautiful virgins and young married women that had already drawn close to him last night!

‘Come on!’ Zhang Tie encouraged himself as he picked up the pace...

……

However, before he had reached the mining cave, Zhang Tie was intercepted by an on-duty student who was attending the survival training. As the officials of Blackhot City’s Ministry of Internal Affairs had already arrived at Wild Wolf Castle this morning, they asked Zhang Tie to go there to cooperate with their investigation since, after all, Zhang Tie was the person who was directly related to that incident.

... “You’re saying that you felt someone drop something inside your mining basket, which was when Jagla had silently thrown that purse into your mining basket?” Within a dark room, Zhang Tie was cooperating with the investigation of some guys in black cloaks. As the investigation proceeded, several strange guys were standing in the corridor outside the room, allowing no one to move close by or gossip. Compared to the how the Temporary Supervision Committee interrogated Zhang Tie yesterday, these guys from Blackhot City’s Ministry of Internal Affairs were more meticulous.

“Yes, my senses are quite sharp, so I noticed it when he threw it into my mining basket, especially because my mining basket was empty. They might not think that I could notice that, but I was able to!”

“Where’s your mining basket? Did you bring it?”

“Yes, it’s outside in the corridor...”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, they asked Zhang Tie to bring in his mining basket. One of them then weighed it on his hand as he showed his suspicion towards Zhang Tie. “Was there a mining hoe and a torch inside the mining basket when you were in the square yesterday?”

“Yes!”

“With these items inside along with the weight of the mining basket, in total, they would weigh up to more than 10 kg. You were able to sense it when someone silently put the purse inside?” The interrogators felt amazed as they fixed their eyes on Zhang Tie’s expression.

“Yes!” Zhang Tie calmly replied.

“Where’s that purse then?”

“When I was escaping to the mining cave, in order to avoid being framed by them, I had thrown it away. Later on, I had returned to search for it, but unfortunately, I wasn’t able to find it!” Zhang Tie told a reasonable lie. At that time, not only was it pitch black inside that mining cave, but there were also many people who had rushed into it. Zhang Tie doesn’t believe that these guys would investigate each and every student in an attempt to find out who had picked up the purse. Unless they were an idiot, if someone picked up the purse, no one would hand it in; if it were Zhang Tie, he would never hand it in either. Thus, it would be next to impossible to find that purse.

After interrogating Zhang Tie about the details, they drew close to each other and whispered amongst themselves before one of them said to Zhang Tie, “What you have told us is almost consistent with what we have learned about yesterday’s event, but I have another question. How did you ascertain that they were trying to set you up the moment you heard someone loudly shout that his purse was gone and urged others to capture the thief?”

“If someone throws something into your mining basket when passing by you before loudly shouting that his item is gone, then that’s definitely a trap. In such an event, unless one was an idiot, who would stay to be framed?” Zhang Tie stared at the interrogators with eyes wide opened, making them a bit embarrassed.

“Well, take you mining basket. You may leave now!”

Carrying his mining basket once again, one guy accompanied Zhang Tie to the door. The moment they arrived at the door, Zhang Tie suddenly turned his head and looked at that interrogator. “I feel that there is something new in my mining basket!” Stopping his footsteps, Zhang Tie put down his mining basket and opened its cover. Unknowing when a purse had been placed inside, Zhang Tie took out the purse and handed it to the guy who was pretending to accompany him to the door. “Can I leave now?”

That guy looked back to the other interrogators while they slightly nodded. “We just wanted to test your senses. You didn’t tell a lie. You may leave now!”

Zhang Tie carried his mining basket once again and left the room.

……

After Zhang Tie left, the interrogators closed the door and whispered to each other once again.

“Is there any problems with this brat named Zhang Tie?”

“No problem. Last night, we investigated his records. His family background is clean. His father and mother are average people, and he has two elder brothers, one who had died for Blackhot City and the other is still serving in the city guard army of Blackhot City. He is 15 years old and has not left Blackhot City since he was born...”

“Then, Samira’s going to have some bad luck!”

“No one asked him to set up an average student in such a despicable manner. For such a huge problem, we, the Ministry of Internal Affairs, are not here to clean his butt!”

“We all know that Samira might not be a mole of the Norman Empire!”

“That isn’t the most important thing. The most important thing is the fact that at least one to two thousand people here believe that Samira is a mole of the Norman Empire. After they return to Blackhot City, they will definitely spread this news everywhere, consequently causing more and more people to believe that Samira is a mole of the Norman Empire!”

“Samira is really an idiot. He can’t even deal with a normal student. I am really confused as to how such an idiot could gain the favor of Master Abyan!”

“This student named Zhang Tie is too cunning!”

“Chinese guys are always cunning...”

“Report the truth to the superiors. Let the big figures decide Samira’s fate. We have done what we should do!”

“That’s for the best. We still don’t know whether Blackhot City and the Andaman Alliance will be included in the new map of Norman Empire. We’d better not work too hard during this period...” One guy heaved a deep sigh.

……

Zhang Tie didn’t care about what had happened in the room after he left. For him, the result had already made him happy. Samira wanted to destroy his reputation and his bright future by framing him, but instead, it was his reputation that had been irreparably damaged. He did not care about Samira’s life or death. Even if Samira was punished with death, Zhang Tie would not feel any guilt towards him, as he thought that Samira deserved it.

After walking around Wild Wolf Castle for a while, Zhang Tie descended the mountain and arrived at that mining cave where he used to work. Surprisingly, compared to the usual calm scene, at this moment, the mouth of the mining cave was brimming with at least fifty to sixty people despite it being early in the morning. They all carried their mining baskets and gathered at the mouth of the mining cave. At the sight of the boisterous scene, Zhang Tie was greatly shocked.

Why did so many people come here to mine today?

At the sight of Zhang Tie, that group of noisy people immediately became quiet. After exchanging glances, they then fixed their eyes onto Zhang Tie’s face, causing Zhang Tie’s heart to pound. ‘Are they Alice and Beverly’s pursuers? Are they blocking the entrance to beat me up? No, it doesn’t seem that way! Even though they are here to beat me up, they don’t have to be miners. Do they want to enter the mining cave together with me before beating me up?’

Zhang Tie racked his mind. Unexpectedly, a person whom he was acquainted with suddenly pushed out from that group of people.

“Since the others are reluctant to say it, I will say it!” as he said this, Wood walked towards Zhang Tie. Generously patting Zhang Tie on the shoulder, Wood said, “Brother, we all know about your secret...” Hearing Wood’s words, Zhang Tie’s expression immediately changed, as he mistook that his Castle of Black Iron had been exposed to the public.

“My secret? What secret?” Zhang Tie pretended to be calm.

“Hahaha, brother, no need to continue pretending...” Wood burst out into laughter. “We all already know that digging in the mines is a great cultivation method and a mysterious knowledge among the Chinese in the East, right?”

Seeing Zhang Tie’s eyes immediately widened, Wood felt happy inwardly, yet he pretended to be solemn. “We are all here to follow you. Do you agree with it? We all know that mysterious knowledge and cultivation methods are very precious, so no one would give up an opportunity to learn it. Since we are classmates, if you feel reluctant to teach us, you can just say something to enlighten us. If you can do that, then we will appreciate it a lot!”

……

Seeing the horny students’ eyes filled with desire, Zhang Tie immediately thought about hundreds of ideas.



* * *





Chapter 108




Zhang Tie remembered a story that Donder had told him when he was still working in the grocery store. The protagonists of that story were a group of barbarians who had been living in a cave ever since they were born. One day, the group of barbarians found a new area in the cave, one where there was a huge human shadow shaking on the wall. The human shadow was so big that those barbarians had even taken it as a god and deity. Every year and every day, all of them would kowtow in front of that shadow as every one of them showed their respect to that huge shaking human shadow. Many years later, a young barbarian also noticed that huge shaking shadow on the wall; however, unlike the others, who worshiped the shadow in awe, this young barbarian was smart. At the sight of that shadow, he wanted to figure out how the shadow was formed in order to explain it to the others. Later on, after many difficulties, that young barbarian became the first person to leave the cave. Leaving the cave, he realized how the “deity” was formed—a bunch of rays shone upon a stone by the entrance of the cave, causing the shadow of that stone to be projected on the wall of the cave in the shape of a human figure. Because of the movement of the sun, the human-like shadow also became longer.

Having found the reason, the young barbarian excitedly returned to the cave and told the other barbarians what he had seen outside. However, rather than being shocked, those barbarians were infuriated. Tying up that young barbarian, for the reason of blasphemy, they had killed that young barbarian right in front of the “deity” and continued to happily kowtow in front of that human-like shadow.

There were two truths within this story that Donder had wanted to impart unto Zhang Tie. The first: when everyone else believed in one thing, even if it was wrong, you should not reveal the truth and you should not put yourself in the opposition of these people, as they all took it as the truth. This was a rule of survival in human society. The second: truth was mastered by only a few people. For most people, they wouldn’t know what the truth really was and instead only believed in the illusions created by their emotions, thus emotions were more important than the truth.

It was truly out of Zhang Tie’s expectation that his casual joke could impact them in such a grand way.

Mining… a mysterious cultivation method? F*ck! That went too far.

Seeing the desire in their eyes, Zhang Tie realized that if he told the truth, he would quickly be buried in their saliva and condemnation, turning into the enemy of 50 to 60 people.

‘Should I tell the truth?’

‘Of course not, this father is not an idiot!’

‘It seems that I have to use my killing move…’

'Three… Two… One. I got it. “Barbarian Lifestyle in the Mining Cave”...

Within only a second, trains of thoughts had already flashed past Zhang Tie’s mind. Under the looks of amazements of all the horny students, Zhang Tie’s expression changed from one of shock and amazement into an expression of endless solemnity.

Zhang Tie looked very serious at this moment.

“I really can not imagine that my secret has actually been discovered… Ugh!” Zhang Tie helplessly heaved a deep sigh.

Hearing Zhang Tie’s sigh, everyone became excited. It was truly a secret! Earlier, many of the animals only wanted to give it a try; they did not imagine that they could have obtained such a great fortune.

“It’s truly a mysterious knowledge?” Wood became extremely excited as he rubbed his hands and asked.

“It’s not convenient to talk about that here. Let’s enter the mining cave!” Pretending to be cautious, Zhang Tie turned his head left and right before turning his gaze towards those animals. “From now on, please don’t act on your own. Keep quiet and follow my orders. Those who can’t follow this, please leave. As for those who will listen to me, follow me in!”

As he said this, Zhang Tie had already taken out the torch from his mining basket and had already ignited it. Waving his hand towards Wood, he whispered to him:

“After a while, when we enter the mining cave, you should stay at the back. Remember not to ignite your torch. After we have entered roughly 100 m, you should just lurk at the end of the team for five minutes to check whether someone is silently following us. We will wait for you at the front of the tunnel!” Zhang Tie told Wood in a low voice.

“But I have no watch, how could I tell how much time has passed in the dark?” Wood restlessly scratched his head.

Unexpectedly, that guy named Wood had really treated this thing seriously. Zhang Tie had no choice but to teach him how to calculate time. “When you start lurking at the back, press down on your pulse and count to 300 before you leave...”

“Fine!” Wood’s eyes shone. It was secret knowledge, the most mysterious and powerful Oriental secret knowledge! At this moment, not only Wood but also all the other animals’ heart had started to heavily pound.

Wood then silently stood to the side and stared at Zhang Tie, who had ignited his torch. At this moment, Zhang Tie carefully glanced over the thirsty faces of the 50 to 60 animals. Zhang Tie noticed several familiar faces among the animals. They were the unlucky fellows who had been digging in the mines with him over the past few days. They were the truly unlucky fellows who had moderate strength and were not able to capture any prey. Adding on the fact that they were introverted and had few friends, they had no choice but to dig in the mines in order to survive.

When Zhang Tie glanced over those unlucky fellows who had always been digging in the mines here, they all tried their best to raise their chests. Even Zhang Tie himself had not realized that he was already the pride and idol of all the miners here. Besides Zhang Tie’s amazing display of intelligence and fighting prowess yesterday, even just what he had done last night—hugging two beauties with huge boobs and swaggering in public—had already made those guys sincerely respect him.

“Brothers who have always been mining here, please move forward!”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, those guys restlessly walked out of the crowd. They exchanged glances, fearing that they would be driven out of the crowd by Zhang Tie. For these guys, over the more than ten years, they have already gotten used to being unlucky and ignored by others, both at school and anywhere else, thus when Zhang Tie had called them out, they all looked pretty nervous. Some of the more pessimistic guys among them had even instantly become visibly depressed as they furrowed their eyebrows.

“We… we want to follow you in!” a guy plucked his courage and shouted to Zhang Tie with a red face.

“Of course, when that holy gate is opened, nobody would be left alone!” Thinking of the barbarian lifestyle in the mining cave, Zhang Tie forced an easy going and warm smile, one that would be seen on those damn lecherous priests when they stood in front of their followers. “Since you are more familiar with the terrain of the tunnel than the others, I want you to walk ahead with your torches to light the path ahead as our guides in case your fellow brothers enter the wrong path. Can you complete this mission?”

“Yes, of course, we can!” Those guys, who were just slouching, stuck out their chests excitedly.

“Then, you can go now. Use your torch to light up the path for your fellow brothers!” Zhang Tie’s thought became increasingly clearer at this moment. He had been able to cleverly apply the barbarian lifestyle in the mining cave, and his words were gradually becoming mysterious as well. “When you begin to light up the path filled with darkness for others and not yourself, your future path will also be brightened!”

Hearing his enlightenment, the highly spirited, unlucky guys immediately became solemn. One of them even blushed, expressed that he wanted to follow Zhang Tie, and had even bowed in front of Zhang Tie. Afterwards, raising their chests and heads, they entered the pitch black cave with their burning torches in hand.

“Everyone, let’s follow...” Following those unlucky guys, Zhang Tie shouted to the other people behind him. Some of them had torches in hand, while the others didn’t. Although there were only a bit more than 30 people among the group that had torches, it was already enough for them to march onwards. After having received militarized education and training for several years, it had caused them to have high discipline. Nobody talked and nobody wanted to be left alone. All of them just calmly followed Zhang Tie in. Assuming a great responsibility, Wood slowly moved to the end of the team, as Zhang Tie had ordered him to do so...

For those animals who followed Zhang Tie in, this was their first time to enter a mining cave. The circular marks left by the Gold-Eating Boas on the walls were seen every once in awhile in the darkness. Everyone seemed to be walking in an endless tunnel that had a sense of mysteriousness and solemnity.

Nobody talked. In the entire mining cave, the only sounds that could be heard were the sound of footsteps and the occasional “Zi La” sound that came from the torches every now and then.

Zhang Tie’s walking speed remained unchanged, and so did his followers’. Walking in the tunnel, although Zhang Tie looked calm, he was quickly racking his mind as all the stories and events concerning liars told by Donder flashed across his mind. Since the moment they had entered this mining cave, Zhang Tie was using this time to work out a good plan. Thankfully, roughly 300 m away from the mouth of the mining cave, an audacious idea that was very suitable for the current situation came to mind. Then, Zhang Tie gradually started to work out a plan with a bit of mischief and playfulness.

No matter what, even if they found out that this had been a ruse after the survival training, this would not have harmed them in any way. They can just consider it as playing the mouse meeting[1]. Zhang Tie then started to think about the next step. Although he laughed loudly inwardly to the point that it caused his intestines to be twisted, his expression became increasingly serious.

“Stop!” Zhang Tie’s voice reverberated far in the cave as he stopped his footsteps. All the others also stopped, not knowing what Zhang Tie’s intentions were.

Zhang Tie didn’t give an explanation. He only remained silent. Since Zhang Tie had told them to stay silent, everyone else also kept silent, fearing that they would lose this opportunity to learn about mysterious knowledge the moment they opened their mouth. In such a weird silence, the atmosphere in the pitch black mining cave became increasingly mysterious and serious.

Five minutes later when Zhang Tie had thought over his plan again and improved some of its details, Wood’s footsteps became gradually clearer as he caught up with them with a torch in hand.

“Nobody has followed us!” Although Wood didn’t specifically raise his voice, his words could still be clearly heard by all the others in the tunnel. Seeing Zhang Tie treating this thing so seriously, everybody gradually confirmed that the mysterious knowledge about mining that they were about to learn was true...

This method was usually used by liars to control people’s mind. No matter how absurd and no matter how much of a sham the thing was, as long as you treated it seriously, carefully, and faithfully, that thing would gradually become true and important in eyes of others. As Donder had once said, for most normal people, one’s thoughts and attitude towards something was not determined by one’s own judgment and observations, but rather, it was based on the attitude and judgment of others that could be seen with the eyes. Therefore, in public, even if there was nothing in the sky, as long as you raised your head and stared at the sky, you will soon have more and more people that would stare at the sky together with you. Even if there was nothing in the sky, they would continue to try their best to find something in the sky, trying to convince themselves. If they couldn’t see anything, instead of others, they would first doubt themselves. Thus, a liar, if he could even cheat himself, had already succeeded half of the way…

[1] Mouse Meeting refers to Pyramid Scheme, namely an illegal multi-level viral marketing that originated in the United States. Read more in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyramid_scheme



* * *





Chapter 109




When Zhang Tie took everybody out of that long tunnel and arrived at the spacious underground mining field, he knew that all his followers had already confirmed that he wanted to share that great secret with them.

This was able to be seen from the look of desire in their eyes and their attitudes towards him.

Of course, what he wanted to share with them was a great, great mysterious knowledge. Hehhehhehheh...

In the dark mining field, there were only two burning torches with flickering flames. The dim sound of mining hoes knocking at a mining bed reverberated in the space. Among his fellow miners, some of them believed that Zhang Tie had a great, hidden cultivation secret related to mining, while the others didn’t believe that as they continued working hard in their usual place.

As for these guys who continued to work hard inside, Zhang Tie had to say sorry to them—now that it has become a great and outstanding mysterious knowledge, people who were not related would never be allowed to eavesdrop; otherwise, it would not be qualified to be called mysterious knowledge.

Arriving at the mining field, everybody, including those miners that had walked ahead, cast their eyes filled with desire onto Zhang Tie.

At this moment, Zhang Tie’s face showed a significantly serious expression.

“All brothers with food, please move one step forward...”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s instruction, over 30 people immediately moved out of the group and one step forward. Although nobody knew what Zhang Tie’s next instruction would be, nobody asked.

“If I want you to offer half of your food, would you be willing?”

“I will!” After exchanging glances, everybody then loudly shouted in unison.

Does Zhang Tie want to take food as tuition? Some of the animals started to be suspicious. Facing the slightly suspicious looks, Zhang Tie sneered inwardly, ‘This father doesn’t even feel reluctant to gift dozens of dried meat to Pandora, so who cares about your dried rations? If you could learn this ‘great mysterious knowledge’ in exchange for just a bit of dried rations, then mysterious knowledge would be worthless.’

At this moment, hearing their footsteps and seeing the flames, the guys who were just mining here also walked towards them out of curiosity.

Waving his hand, Zhang Tie called over the miner who had just been in awe at Zhang Tie and had guided them in the tunnel.

“What’s your name?”

“I am Potter!” that guy replied slightly tensed.

“Okay, Potter, I have a mission for you. Bring some brothers with you and distribute half of the donated rations to the students who have been mining here. Tell them that we will be using the mines for a day and that the dried rations will be their compensation!” Zhang Tie slightly raised his voice that was full of emotions, allowing all the other animals to hear it. “This is god’s will. Since they did not wait for me outside the cave like you all had, they have lost their chance to participate in our next course of action. Just have them leave for a day!”

Such a simple sentence caused two effects—those who thought Zhang Tie was going to take their food as “tuition” felt embarrassed, while all the others, especially the miners who had been guiding them, immediately became highly spirited.

“What if… what if… there’s someone that doesn’t want to leave?” The moment Potter opened his mouth, from his pessimism and the way he thought about a poor outcome, Zhang Tie realized that Potter must have been frequently bullied by others.

“Don’t feel like leaving?” Zhang Tie smiled and turned to face Wood.

Wood then patted his chest: “Trust me, they will leave after taking the food!”

After making that promise, Wood directly spoke to the crowd, “Which brothers would like to go with me to persuade those guys to leave!?”

Immediately, five or six tough guys with robust shoulders and thick waists walked out of the crowd.

A few minutes later, several miners left the mining cave with more food than they could have earned by mining. Some of them were happy since they were able to obtain a large amount of food without doing any work, while others felt reluctant to leave since they wanted to stay and join them. Of course, it was impossible to join them at this moment. After Wood and the other tough guys “persuaded” these guys to leave, those who had followed Zhang Tie all felt that this was a precious chance.

Zhang Tie let them compare themselves to the others, allowing a sense of excellence and identity to come out.

When Potter and Wood used their food and “fist” to clear out the mining field, Zhang Tie let the miners who were acting as guides take these animals to search the areas where people could easily hide, ensuring that there was nobody hiding here.

At this time, the more serious and cautious Zhang Tie was, the happier and more excited the animals were and the harder they worked.

Ten minutes later, the entire mining field was cleared. Everybody then gathered in front of Zhang Tie with their eyes full of desire fixed on Zhang Tie.

Zhang Tie pointed at the mouth of the cave in the distance and glanced at those animals in a profound way. “After a while when the inheritance ceremony begins, it cannot be disturbed by anyone, thus four of you have to defend that area over there and prevent others from coming in. Unfortunately, those four people would not be able to attend the inheritance ceremony, and since the inheritance ceremony will not be held for a second time during this survival training, it would be unfair for whoever has been arranged to defend that area. Thus, the people who defend that area must do so voluntarily. The four people will need to sacrifice their own chance for others!”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, everybody’s face turned pale. Everybody looked at the entrance of the mining cave and then looked at Zhang Tie, who showed the traces of a mysterious smile on his face. As they all did not want to miss the chance presented at this moment, they all became worried.

“Then, will the four people who come out have another chance to accept the same inheritance ceremony?” someone among the silent crowd plucked up his courage and asked.

“Maybe there is, maybe there isn’t. That is the meaning of sacrifice!” Zhang Tie swept a glance over all the animals. Hearing Zhang Tie’s reply, everybody felt a holy and solemn feeling filling this quiet mining field.

“What if… what if nobody wants to defend the entrance?”

“If you cannot find four people among you who would voluntarily sacrifice their own chance, then all I have to say is that you are a group of selfish people. Such a group of selfish people is not qualified to accept the inheritance of such a great Oriental mysterious knowledge like the Big Blessing Skill!” Zhang Tie coldly said.

Big Blessing Skill!

Hearing these words, all the animals were shocked. Judging from its name, it was a highly valuable mysterious knowledge. The name of the mysterious knowledge coming out of Zhang Tie’s mouth made everybody’s heart pound.

At this time, someone suddenly thought about something and exclaimed, “Last time when you were chased by the wild wolves and had chosen to jump into a 200 m deep hole in order to survive, you were able to be as lively as normal several days later. Is that the effect of the Big Blessing Skill...”

Although Zhang Tie had long burst into laughter in his heart, he kept silent...

All of a sudden, everybody felt that it was hard to breathe. With Zhang Tie, a living person who had benefitted from the Big Blessing skill, in front of them, nobody doubted the mysterious knowledge anymore.

This moment was a true test of the human heart. People would have to sacrifice their chance to learn the Big Blessing Skill in order to defend the entrance. These people could perhaps lose the chance to learn the Big Blessing Skill for the rest of their lives. It was the Big Blessing skill—a mysterious knowledge that enabled a guy to jump into a 200 m deep pitch black hole in order to survive! It might even have other effects. Who would want to give up on this chance?

Every person had a different expression on their face as they all struggled within their hearts. They had realized that if nobody sacrifices their own opportunity, then they would all lose this chance; however, if someone decides to sacrifice their own opportunity, then it meant that they wouldn’t have such an opportunity for the rest of their lives.

“I’m willing to make this sacrifice for everyone!” Potter stood out. With his lips pressed together, the youth was nervous; however, his face looked quite holy while the bright flames from the torch were reflected in his eyes, moving Zhang Tie. Looking at that somewhat serious face of Potter and the firm confidence in his eyes, Zhang Tie suddenly realized that after starting off with the “barbarian lifestyle in the mining cave”, he had gone too far with his act. Zhang Tie silently swallowed his saliva. At this moment, he had no other choice but to continue with the act. He will seriously continue the act in order to not let those guys be disappointed.

“Potter, as a fire-bearer, in this inheritance ceremony, you are not eligible to be a sacrifice for the others!” Zhang Tie solemnly told Potter.

Seeing Potter somewhat confused, Zhang Tie decided to make the act more convincing.

“Potter, do you think what had happened today was a coincidence?” Zhang Tie put one hand onto that youth’s thin shoulder. “Do you think it was a coincidence for you and I to be gathered here today? Do you think it was a coincidence for me to survive after jumping into a 200 m deep hole? Do you think it was a coincidence for me to beat back the bodyguards of the Samira Business Group yesterday? Do you think it was a coincidence for me to reveal Samira’s scheme in the office? Do you think it was a coincidence for me to let you fire-bearers guide us? Do you think it was a coincidence that you are a fire-bearer? No, these were are all arranged by God and destiny…”

“Fire-bearer!” Potter murmured the name filled with religiousness and mysteriousness as his eyes began to shine with a different kind of brilliance.

“Yes, fire-bearer. It is also a part of today’s holy inheritance ceremony. Everything that has happened today is arranged by God and destiny. Without the presence of you fire-bearers among the crowd, then the conditions for today’s holy inheritance ceremony would not be met…” Zhang Tie looked more serious than before as he started to hum an aria like the ones from the church choirs: “Those who walk in darkness… your face is covered in dirt, your footsteps are staggering, your hands are tainted with filth, and you walk in the dark and dirty land, yet the light and flames within your heart will never die out. One day, the light and flames within your heart will become a torch within the darkness. The ferocious, burning torch will light up the path for your brothers, enabling them to see the troubles and difficulties on the road ahead. For the people who take the responsibility of sacrificing their own opportunity, the burning torches in your hands will be the best blessings in the world. This is the blessing from light, which lights up the road towards the ultimate holy gate!”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s fabrications based on the religious books and the Bible that he had read, led by Potter, all the miners began to cry as tears began to drop down from their eyes. Since they were born, they had never thought that their humble bodies were holy and dignified.

……



* * *





Chapter 110




Zhang Tie’s words did not only affect the group of guiding miners led by Potter but everyone else as well. At this moment, even if Zhang Tie told them that everything that was set up by him has been a lie, most likely, none of them would believe him. They could not imagine Zhang Tie fabricating this whole ordeal so perfectly. If he could fabricate things this well, then Zhang Tie was definitely a genius!

Zhang Tie also suddenly realized that he truly had the talent to be a damn clergyman, as he almost believed in his own fabrications.

At this moment, Wood, whose face had turned red from excitement, took in a deep breath before stepping out as the first person who would sacrifice his chance to see the Big Blessing Skill.

“I am willing to sacrifice my chance!”

Another person then walked out from the crowd...

“I am willing to sacrifice my chance!”

Followed by a third person...

“I am willing to sacrifice my chance!”

And a fourth...

“I am willing to sacrifice my chance!”

Seeing the four faces that had the same serious expression as the one previously seen on Potter’s face, Zhang Tie immediately thought back to Donder’s comment on young people—simple, naive, blood-boiled, and impulsive.

Seeing himself in these guys, Zhang Tie felt that he was obliged to see this performance through the end no matter what happens.

“All sacrifices have the most profound blessing and are the sturdiest of guardians. Those who sacrifice their own opportunity will be our guardians and the key to this holy gate. You are truly brave men. With your selflessness, you have shown your own worth as well as allowing the dreams of your brothers to come true!” Hearing Zhang Tie’s praise, everybody else extended their gratitude to the group of four headed by Wood with complex expressions. Zhang Tie was also solemnly looking at the four people. “Before you become the strongest guardians, please loudly speak out your names in front of your brothers so that your brothers will remember all you have done for them!”

“I, Haren Wood...” Wood moved one step forward with his chest raised as he loudly said out his full name.

“I, Jack Jones...” the second person also raised his chest and his chin as he loudly spoke.

“I, Nadili Gandhi...” the third person raised his chest and his chin as he shouted.

“I, son of a common gardener in Blackhot City, Francis Franca!” The fourth person’s introduction was a bit special, winning him a couple of glances from Zhang Tie.

“Ah you brave men who have willingly sacrificed yourself, for you to sacrifice yourselves for the sake of your brothers, this is the most righteous of deeds...” Zhang Tie continued to hum the aria of the church choir, “Your names will forever be engraved upon the holy arched door. When you treat your brothers as extensions of yourself, you will have already arrived at the level of true knowledge. Although time will stop, the seas will dry up, and the mountains will collapse, your name will never fade away. The sacrifices you have made for your brothers will bring you immortality. One day, when we all gather in the holy land of immortals, everything that you have done for your brothers will return to you. Your brothers will never leave you alone. You should know that the light is in your body, and everything that you have created will stay with you, just like how are one with holiness.”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s aria, which was even more shocking than what the clergymen say, Wood, Jones, Gandhi, and Franca felt as if they were filled with a sense of sacredness. In response, they were all moved to the point where their eyes were turning red and the sides of their nose were expanding and shrinking. Finally, they could not help but burst out into tears. The four people felt as if their souls had ascended, and everything else they had done for the others was worth it.

Seeing them crying again, Zhang Tie could only inwardly sigh at the prowess of words!

“Wood, Jones, Gandhi, and Franca, as the guardians for this holy inheritance ceremony, please loudly tell everybody that before you fall, you will not let anyone else disturb our upcoming holy inheritance ceremony,” Zhang Tie told the four. By then, Zhang Tie felt that he could already control the way these people thought, which was also what all those liars and motherf*cking lecherous clergymen liked and pursued.

“We promise! Before we fall, nobody else is allowed to enter the cave!” After sniffing in their mucus, they raised their fist and glued it to their chest before proudly and loudly swore.

Zhang Tie turned around and glanced over the other animals with an unprecedented solemn look, intending to frighten them again. “Before the sturdiest of guardians, who have sacrificed their own opportunity to see the Big Blessing Skill, stand at the entrance, you will have one last chance to leave. Once the ceremony begins and after you swear on the oath and obtain the mysterious knowledge of the Big Blessing Skill, you will be obliged to take responsibility for this mysterious knowledge. If you cannot do that, then you may have to pay the price with your life. Try to think about it again. Are you ready to obtain the mysterious knowledge?”

Everyone firmed their gazes and shook their head. Nobody left. At this moment, even if Zhang Tie used a stick to drive them away, they wouldn’t leave.

“Since everyone has decided, then… Wood, Jones, Gandhi, Franca, the cave is in your hands now. When we begin the inheritance ceremony of the Big Blessing Skill, please keep out anyone who want to pass the entrance!” Zhang Tie told the four guys.

Hearing Zhang Tie’s instructions, they bowed in front of Zhang Tie. Afterwards, each of them held a torch and pulled out their short sword or dagger from their waists. They stood in a row facing the entrance with a resolute expression on their face, completely blocking the entrance.

“As for the others, follow me...” Holding onto his torch, Zhang Tie walked towards a dark place in the mining field as everyone else silently followed him.

After walking in this mining field for a bit less than three minutes, Zhang Tie had led all the others to a relatively hidden yet spacious area.

“Everyone, find a place to put your torch and then stand in front of me!” Zhang Tie instructed. Hearing Zhang Tie’s instruction, all the animals hurriedly found a place to put their torches. Since there were many rocks in the mining cave, they could either insert their torches into the walls or have them stand up by using the ground and the support of two rocks. After a few minutes when they had all put down their torches, they all came back in front of Zhang Tie.

Under the illumination of the surrounding torch light, in such a dark underground space, the expression of longing and seriousness on the faces of these animals looked more real than before. After experiencing the two incidents with Potter and Wood, everybody had been filled with a sacred feeling. At this moment, Zhang Tie’s figure looked rather big and holy in the eyes of the other animals., especially Potter and the other miners, who had guided the other guys. Their eyes were already filled with true worship and admiration that was not restrained in the least. As long as Zhang Tie glanced over at them, Zhang Tie would feel his face hot. Zhang Tie then tried his best not to glance over them again. However, Zhang Tie’s attitude at this moment made many people think that he was unconventional and mysterious.

When the barbarian lifestyle in mining cave proceeded to this moment, Zhang Tie started to feel that everything had gone smoothly.

“The Big Blessing Skill could be dated back to the far ancient age of 5000 years before the Catastrophe. It is a top mysterious knowledge within Chinese clan, and the lengths of which I had to go through to get this Big Blessing Skill was extraordinary. As the person who will now pass this mysterious knowledge onto you, from now on, you can call me the Enlightener. Only the Enlightener is qualified to complete the inheritance of the Big Blessing Skill...” After naming Potter and the other torch holders as “fire-bearer” and Wood and the other miners as “sacrifices”, in order to make this game and ceremony more holy and more mysterious like he had implied to them, Zhang Tie thought that he should also give himself a title. As the old Chinese saying goes, “If you don’t have an official title, you would not be accepted by the public.” Therefore, Zhang Tie decided to make a title for himself. With this title, his words would have more weight. After thinking for a while, Zhang Tie finally decided on the title “Enlightener” for himself.

Hearing Zhang Tie’s introduction, all the other animals were shocked. None of them could have imagined that the Big Blessing Skill had such a great background, and even Zhang Tie’s title, “Enlightener”, also made many people feel respect.

“Now, please take out the daggers at your waists and cut your fingers before dripping your fresh blood into the stone pit in front of me to mix your blood with that of your brothers. This is the holy symbol of the beginning of the inheritance ceremony. When your blood has mixed with that of your brothers, it symbolizes that from then on, you will not feel alone even after vicissitudes and you will not depart from your brothers as the fresh blood in your blood vessels will be the one and the same!” After saying that, Zhang Tie took out his own dagger, and gritting his teeth, he devoutly made a small cut on his left index finger before dripping a bit of blood into that stone pit.

A dagger was a necessity for all the students attending the survival training used to protect themselves. Seeing Zhang Tie doing that, all the other animals became excited. After seeing Zhang Tie’s demonstration, nobody hesitated as they all pulled out their daggers and made a cut on their fingers. Seeing how fiercely those animals cut their fingers, even Zhang Tie frowned. ‘Motherf*ckers, you’d better not cut off your finger and give me trouble in the future.’ All the animals then silently cut their fingers before standing in line in front of Zhang Tie to drip their blood into that stone pit by squeezing the finger with the cut.

“When you prepare to mix your fresh blood with that of your brothers, please let go of your soul. The fresh blood that you have dropped is you. At this critical, holy moment, when you stay together with your brothers, please let go of your hypocritical moods. You don’t need to feel the need to be humble, as you are incomparable majestic in the eyes of your brothers. You don’t have to pursue perfections, as all your brothers are your perfections. Just like a drop of water when converging into the ocean, it will never feel humble. Just like a drop of water when converging into the ocean, it will become perfect by having the true strength and finding its true identity. Your brothers will lift you up. Their strength is your strength, and their existence is your existence. From then on, we will be in unity and will never feel alone in this dangerous age...”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, all the animals burst out into tears...



* * *





Chapter 111




As more and more people, with faces covered in tears, were affected by the sacred and holy atmosphere and dripped their fresh blood into the stone pit in front of Zhang Tie, Zhang Tie knew that he had succeeded. Yes, he had made it. Later on, whatever he would say, these people would no longer doubt his words.

Zhang Tie clearly knew how these animals were feeling. In the past, he was also like these guys whose emaciated shoulders were overwhelmed by this age. In the past, when he was alone, he would always feel lonely and anxious deep into the nights. Facing this world, he would usually feel as if he were a trivial figure, and thinking of the future, he would always be filled with an irrational fear. He also had a lot of dreams which he knew may very well never come true in his entire life. That was actually a kind of torturing despair.

Today, under the fabricated sacred and holy atmosphere in the mysterious mining cave, which continuously moved and shocked the animals because of their desire for the illusory mysterious knowledge, these guys couldn’t control their feelings anymore and finally burst out into tears.

As a drop of water could converge into the ocean, then why couldn’t a youth’s desire to be great? Such a realization suddenly flashed across Zhang Tie’s mind, completing forcing him to give up on the attitude of treating this as a joke. He started to seriously take on the responsibilities of the “Enlightener”.

Even if were just simply a dream for those guys, Zhang Tie had to assume the responsibility of building the dream which they have imagined. ‘Zhang Tie, you must exert your utmost efforts to give them hope, even if that hope may never be realized. For those guys who might join the army and lose their lives on the battlefields after this survival training, a life without hope since the day they were born is the most tragic.’

‘If they want mysterious knowledge, then just give them one! Use all your wisdom, all your strength, all your mysterious knowledge! Even at the risk of your life, you have to give them hope! At this moment, you have to make them happy and show them the hope for a bright future. Just this one time, even if it’s only this one time, please!’

Zhang Tie shouted to himself inwardly. When he glanced over those devout expressions, Zhang Tie felt as if he were looking at himself through a mirror. Suddenly, his face felt slightly cold. Not knowing when, Zhang TIe’s face had already been covered in tears. Zhang Tie didn’t know whether he cried for others or for himself; he only knew that he was suddenly moved and felt extremely sad, and he even felt an impulse to sacrifice everything for those guys who placed their trust in him...

The stone in front of him had been covered with fresh blood and tears, and a puddle of fresh blood had already formed in the stone pit, though it was not completely filled yet. Because of the texture of the stone, some of the fresh blood had already seeped into it, causing it to look dimmer. Seeing this, although Zhang Tie’s eyes were filled with tears, he smiled.

“This is the blood of your brothers. Before the completion of the inheritance ceremony of the Big Blessing Skill, how could you dry up?” As he said this, Zhang Tie turned over his dagger, and with the flash of an edge of the dagger, Zhang Tie made a cut on the blood vessel on his wrist, causing his blood to spray over the stone.

“Ah, don’t do that...”

“Use mine, use my blood...”

“Bastard...”

For those youths whose faces have already been covered in tears, at the sight of Zhang Tie cutting the blood vessel on his wrist with a smile in order to completely fill that stone pit, everyone rushed forward, as they had realized Zhang Tie was sacrificing himself in order to complete the inheritance ceremony of the Big Blessing Skill. As for those who only had their eyes turn red, at this moment, tears also began to drop from their eyes. Meanwhile, a scarce number of smart guys who had remained sensible among the crowd were also shocked at the sight of Zhang Tie’s action. Seeing that Zhang Tie cut his wrist, causing his fresh blood to spray over the stone like water, they were deeply shocked. They then confirmed that everything had been true, as no one would slit their own wrist just for a prank. Zhang Tie was obviously completing the ceremony at the risk of his own life.

The Big Blessing Skill is real! At that moment, everybody was convinced. Like what Donder had told him, even Zhang Tie had already been cheated by himself, completely absorbed into this role, so who else would doubt him?

Like raising a wall, Zhang Tie raised his hand, instantly stopping those animals with tear-filled eyes who wanted to rush forward to stop him.

“It’s my responsibility and my honor to do this as the Enlightener. Please do not stop me...” Zhang Tie smiled, radiating a brilliance that came from the soul. Everybody then witnessed Zhang Tie’s wrist constantly bleeding until it completely filled that stone pit, splattering everywhere. After experiencing that incident with Huck and Snade, Zhang Tie had already become well-versed as to how to deal with such wounds as well as controlling the bleeding. Although it seemed like he had bled a lot, in reality, it was not that much; it was merely between 200 ml and 300 ml, an amount he could still stand.

The moment Zhang Tie moved his hand away, Potter and the other two guys who were not far from him immediately rushed forward. Using his dagger to make a cut on his sleeve, Potter fiercely tore off a piece of cloth from the sleeve, while the other two guys took out some medicine and applied the medicinal powder over Zhang Tie’s wounds before wrapping it with the cloth.

Zhang Tie’s wounded hand naturally hung down as the other three people kneeled on one knee as they started to treat his wounds with eyes filled with tears.

“Please kneel together with them. Follow me and make the Blood Oath of Brothers and accept the inheritance of the Big Blessing Skill. You can swear after me. When I say the word “Oath-taker”, you need to say out your own name! Afterwards, I will read the sutra of the Big Blessing Skill and the relevant passages that you need to recite. You need to listen with the most sincere attitude while kneeling on the ground. After that, you need to draw three horizontal lines that are like wrinkles on your forehead using your own fresh blood before coming in front of me to complete the final step of the Big Blessing Skill. I will then execute the Big Blessing Skill on your body by drawing a vertical line on your forehead. That’s what we need to do, am I clear...” Zhang Tie solemnly said.

“Clear!”

“Well then, please kneel down!”

At this very moment, nobody hesitated. They all knelt down in front of Zhang Tie on one knee, while the other three who were tending to Zhang Tie’s wound simply knelt down in front of him as closely as they could to Zhang Tie...

“The Lord who controls everything, the karma which predominates everything...” After saying each sentence, Zhang Tie would slightly pause...

Everybody then repeated after Zhang Tie. “The Lord who controls everything, the karma which predominates everything...”

“Today, in the name of the bloodline of my brothers, I will make this sacred oath and agreement...”

“Today, in the name of the bloodline of my brothers, I will make this sacred oath and agreement...”

“Today, everything that I have seen in this cave will not be released to anyone, not even my parents, my wife, nor my children. Even when facing blades, swords, and cruel torture...”

“Today, everything that I have seen in this cave will not be released to anyone, not even my parents, my wife, nor my children. Even when facing blades, swords, and cruel torture...”

“The acceptance of the blessing of the Big Blessing Skill is a top secret of my brothers, who have mixed their blood with mine. I swear to protect this secret, even at the cost of my life...”

“The acceptance of the blessing of the Big Blessing Skill is a top secret of my brothers, who have mixed their blood with mine. I swear to protect this secret, even at the cost of my life...”

“If I violate today’s oath and agreement, please turn this blessing into a curse. Please kill me with the blades of my brothers who have mixed their blood with me, the Oath-taker...”

“If I violate today’s oath and agreement, please turn this blessing into a curse. Please kill me with the blades of my brothers who have mixed their blood with me, the Oath-taker...” Everybody then said out their names. Afterwards, they continued to listen to Zhang Tie’s sutra of the Big Blessing Skill...

“Shun became outstanding among the farmers, Fu Yue became famous among the plasterers, Jiao Ge became well-known among the fish and salt sellers, Guan Zhong became a prime minister after he was set free as a prisoner, Sunshu Ao lived alone beside the ocean before being introduced into the imperial court, Baili Xi was also promoted to be a prime minister from a common citizen. Thus, when the gods wanted to deliver a major mission to a person, he would definitely make him suffer pain inwardly, make both his veins and blood fatigued, make him starve, make him lack money, and make him unsuccessful. The gods would use these methods to enable him to be diligent inwardly, to make him stubborn, and to increase the abilities that he has never had before.”—Zhang Tie was forced to recite a paragraph of ancient Chinese warnings by his parents since he was young. He said it extremely quickly and had even changed the way the words were enunciated, causing some of the words to sound longer, while others sounded shorter. He also read some words in the form of short voice or lingual voice, even in the form of vibrato or changing the pronunciation of the words after translation. The people in front of him didn’t know Chinese, and even if they did, they would never be able to figure out what Zhang Tie was talking about. This was the “Sutra of the Big Blessing Skill” fabricated by Zhang Tie. After all the others finished reciting that strange sutra, Zhang Tie immediately changed his tune and started to hum the words for praying, which were words they could understand.

“The Lord who controls everything, the karma which predominates everything, the innocent and foolish humans are usually puzzled by the outward forms of things and take the blessings of God as sutra and bitterness. Only those with true wisdom and perseverance can figure out the truth and be puzzled by the outward forms of things. Only those with true wisdom and perseverance are qualified to accept the best blessing in this secular world. Those people will extend their gratitude to this blessing, embrace bitterness, and finally complete your undertakings.”



* * *





Chapter 112




In the pitch-black hinterland of the mining cave, everybody was immersed in the mysterious atmosphere built by Zhang Tie. The entire mining cave was so quiet that even the sound of a needle dropping onto the ground could be heard. In this place, only Zhang Tie’s words were reverberating in the air in a singing voice, which resonated in the ear of every person, shocking them down to their souls...

By then, Zhang Tie had already gained control over everything in his presence...

“When God wants to give you resilience, he will bring pain to your soul. The innocent and foolish humans are like those farmers who only know how to sow yet not knowing how to reap. They experience pain, yet they forget to reap resilience!”

“When God wants to give you strength, he will make you work hard. The innocent and foolish humans are like those farmers who only know how to sow, yet not knowing how to reap. They experience hard work, yet they forget to reap strength!”

“When God wants to give you intelligence, he will make you experience difficulties. The innocent and foolish humans are like those farmers who only know how to sow, yet not knowing how to reap. They experience hard work, yet they forget to reap intelligence!”

“The blessing of the God is always displayed in some other outward form. This is the top secret in the world. For the people who are familiar with this top secret, all the difficulties are the sweetest of fruits given to you, as they are God’s blessings. Show your gratitude and welcome all of the blessings from God. Take the King’s Mark on your forehead as your contract, and you finally will gain the freedom!”

Although the sutra Zhang Tie had said earlier was puzzling, everyone was able to understand the latter paragraph. Hearing Zhang Tie’s benediction, everybody suddenly realized and was shocked to their souls. It turned out that such a huge secret was hiding behind the guise of just digging in the mines. While others saw this job as difficult labor, the Enlightener has been constantly receiving the blessing of the Gods in this mining cave. In loneliness, he received resilience, and through hard work, he received strength. He might even have been practicing his fighting skills by repetitively waving his mining hoe...

Zhang Tie used his finger to draw three horizontal lines in the air above his forehead. Seeing Zhang Tie’s actions, those guys thought about the next move as they also piously drew three horizontal lines on their own foreheads using the blood on their finger.

“This is the King’s Mark. The first horizontal line symbolizes the difficulties of the sky, the second horizontal line symbolizes the difficulties of the land, and the third horizontal line symbolizes the difficulties of human beings. After receiving the blessing of the Big Blessing Skill, you will learn how to show your gratitude to the blessings hidden behind difficulties. I will break through the King’s Mark by drawing a vertical line using the fresh blood of your brothers. This represents that all your difficulties will be broken through. In the future, each of you will have an unusual achievement. You will gain freedom through experiencing all types of difficulties, as these difficulties will be the source of your strength...” As he said this, Zhang Tie dipped his finger into the fresh blood in the stone pit and drew a vertical line on the forehead of Potter, who was kneeling in front of him very devoutly, forming the Chinese character “王”[1] on his forehead

When Zhang Tie’s finger touched Potter’s forehead, that young person became so excited that his body began to tremble all over.

“From now on, the King’s Mark has been engraved in your mind. Every time you encounter difficulties, it will remind you that you should think like a king and that you should face all difficulties, as they are simply just outward forms. Only those who have truly acquired the King’s Mark could receive the blessing from the Gods that have been hidden behind these outward forms. As a fire-bearer, you will also gain the Mark of Light, which will enable your mind to be filled with light. Even in the darkest of places, the light in your mind will never die out...” As Zhang Tie solemnly and seriously said that, he dipped his finger into a bit of the fresh blood and used his finger to draw a painting on Potter’s head, one which was in the shape of the Chinese character “火”. After drawing it on the left side of Potter’s forehead, Zhang Tie found that it was not symmetrical, thus he drew another one on the right side of his forehead, making the two symmetrical with each other. Together, the three Chinese characters truly seemed to be full of mystery.

Others stared at Potter with eyes full of admiration.

Following Potter was the second person, the third person, the fourth person… Every one of the youths knelt down in front of Zhang Tie on one knee, letting Zhang Tie, who was pretending to be mysterious, draw a vertical line on their foreheads using their fresh blood, leaving behind the Chinese character “王” on their foreheads.

The “fire-bearers” then became the object of admiration for everyone. Aside from the commonly shared “王” on their foreheads, there were also the two “火” characters, which Zhang Tie had said was the Mark of Light, something that could fill even the darkest places in one’s mind with light.

After doing such a series of steps, although Zhang Tie had tortured himself a lot and had even used his own blood, upon seeing the expressions of happiness and hope and the special, shining brilliance in their eyes, which was completely different from before they had entered the cave, he realized that what he had done for them was worth it.

It was not important whether or not it was true. After such a long prank, as long as these guys could live happily while filled with hope, Zhang Tie would have already achieved his goal. However, in the case of emergencies, Zhang Tie added the following explanations.

“Remember, the key factor of the Big Blessing Skill is that you must remain grateful and filled with joy in your heart when facing any difficulties or challenges. If you don’t want to face them, you can choose to leave and come back when you are ready. However, you should never complain and doubt your belief. If you begin to complain and doubt your own beliefs, then you will lose the power of belief and the effects of the Big Blessing Skill will never appear. The Gods will not give any blessings to a person who frequently complains about everything. If you complain, then you will truly encounter difficulties. Remember this in your minds! Complaining and doubting are blasphemous to the Big Blessing Skill!”

Everybody nodded.

“Revered Enlightener, if we are lucky enough to hear it, could you please tell us as to which party or school does such a perfect Big Blessing Skill come from? After receiving such an inheritance, do we have to assume some obligations?” A guy walked out of the crowd and bowed in front of Zhang Tie before respectfully asking. At this moment, Zhang Tie looked both tall and mysterious in the eyes of the public.

The Age of Black Iron was brimming with a mysticism. Hidden groups and schools emerged one by one everywhere as many people even considered it to be an honor to be able to join those groups or schools. The guy walking out of the crowd had aroused the curiosity of the others as all their eyes were shining and remained fixed on Zhang Tie.

At this moment, even if Zhang Tie had told them that everything that has happened so far had been fabricated, the others would only regard it as a joke and nobody would believe him. Thankfully, Zhang Tie had long been prepared for this problem.

“The Big Blessing Skill is a mysterious knowledge from the Ancient Gods Church. For those who have received the Big Blessing Skill, aside from keeping this confidential, having mutual affection with your brothers, and providing assistance to your brothers when in need, you have no other obligations. You are all free now. The Ancient Gods Church will not request you to do anything!” Zhang Tie calmly explained. At this time, even Zhang Tie started to admire himself. ‘Zhang Tie, you are truly a natural-born, damn priest! Just by opening and closing your mouth, you have already built the Ancient Gods Church.’

“Revered Enlightener, can we join the Ancient Gods Church?” This question was really what many other people had wanted to ask. Many people then cast their eyes full of desire onto Zhang Tie. Ancient Gods Church—its name sounded great, and it seemed to contain a great amount of mysterious knowledge. “We, the Ancient Gods Church, only allow the most devoted of followers who have the firmest of beliefs and have obtained the blessing from the Gods to join us. In truth, the Big Blessing Skill was a standard used to select followers for the Ancient Gods Church. Everyone who has obtained the blessing of the Big blessing Skill has received the favor of the Gods. In the future, some among you will deeply sense the majesty of the Big Blessing Skill and will absorb the great strength from all difficulties and troubles. When this great strength combines with your awe, your devotion will come into being. Only the most devoted people can join the Ancient Gods Church after obtaining the consent of the Enlightener!” Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, many people became slightly disappointed; however, after thinking for a short while, they looked more decisive and held more expectations. Just like what Donder had said, Zhang Tie was very clear that only things that could not be gained or could be gained only through hard work were the best. If he became soft hearted and let those guys feel as if it was easy to join the Ancient Gods Church, then the church would have no future, thus Zhang Tie decided to not waste any time.

……

After completing the inheritance ceremony of the Big Blessing Skill, when Zhang Tie and the group of people reappeared in front of Wood, Jones, Gandhi, and Franca, the “sacrifices” who stood at the entrance of the cave, the four people immediately felt a great change in the people behind Zhang Tie. Since they all had a water bottle, the blood stain on their foreheads had already been cleaned off, but after undergoing that “baptism”, everyone looked completely different than before, both in spirit and in bearing. In the eyes of Wood and the other three “sacrifices”, the motley crew who were noisy when they entered this entrance now looked mysteriously calm, decisive, and very devoted.

Zhang Tie walked ahead of them and the calm people followed behind him. In this way, a group of people walked out from the darkness, much like a scene where a priest had led his followers out of the abyss of hell. It was truly a shocking scene.

Walking beside Zhang Tie was still Potter, who was holding a torch for Zhang Tie. Wood remembered that Potter, before entering the cave, was someone who was self-abased and didn’t even dare to look straight into the eyes of others. Amazingly, after such a short period, Potter had already had an exceptional bearing that it even amazed him. That was a firm and unspeakable crazy personality. At this moment, Potter did not only look straight into Wood’s eyes, but he had also calmly smiled.

With a sound of “Ding”, Wood, who had fixed his eyes on Zhang Tie and his followers, unconsciously loosened his grip, causing his dagger to fall onto the ground.

Was this because of the Big Blessing Skill? The four sacrifices exchanged glances as they saw the burning flames and shock in the eyes of the others. This was truly a great mysterious knowledge...

---

[1] 王 Chinese character for King.

[2] 火 Chinese character for Fire.



* * *





Chapter 113




Because it was forbidden to reveal what had happened in the mining cave to the public, no trouble arose. After reaching an agreement, they just told the others outside the cave that Zhang Tie was sharing his mining experience with them in the cave.

Unexpectedly, on the same day, the group of more than 64 zealots who were as close as blood brothers kept their oaths and the mysterious agreement in mind, aiming to join the Ancient God Church.

This was the result of Zhang Tie’s trick. With the exception of Zhang Tie, all the others were deeply moved by the inheritance ceremony of the mysterious and sacred Big Blessing Skill. For Zhang Tie, although this Big Blessing Skill was purely fictitious, it was not completely meaningless, as what Zhang Tie had recited was the Chinese Sutra “no cross, no crown”. Additionally, the reason that Zhang Tie dared to fabricate the illusory “Big Blessing Skill” was because of his experiences as a flesh-bag in the Iron Thorns Fighting Club. Zhang Tie knew that it was very painful when one was ferociously beaten yet not allowed to fight back. Similarly, when you learn to accept and understand it with a new point of view for a new perspective, after receiving benefits from the most unlikely of places, Zhang Tie felt it was very cool, as he could feel a happiness within his heart.

What happened was not truly the most important, but rather, what was most important was how you view and understand what was happening. Everything had two sides; the good side and the bad side. It completely determined how you viewed it. If you felt it was good, then it would be good and could make you feel happy. If you felt it was bad, it would be bad and could cause your mood to be bad. When he opened his soul, abandoned the constraints from traditional perspectives, and focused on those good aspects, Zhang Tie found that he would feel refreshed. Just like a water faucet being opened, the moment you opened it, water would flow across your body. This was what Zhang Tie’s experiences had summed up to and was what the ultimate meaning of the Big blessing Skill was—whenever and whatever you were facing, if one pays attention to the positives, then you would feel joy and that would be your biggest blessing!

Zhang Tie had completely made up the Ancient Gods Church. He felt that nobody would keep such an illusory thing in their minds after the survival training, as they would have their own things to deal with then. To turn the fabricated Big Blessing Skill’s effects into reality, to help them form devoted beliefs, and to allow them to reach the lowest requirement of the Ancient Gods Church… all of these things were just small tricks that Zhang Tie had made up in order to get himself out of his situation. Zhang Tie didn’t believe that the trick could be exposed by others, and since it was something that was fabricated, besides allowing the followers to positively face the difficulties in their lives, the Big Blessing Skill was not considered, even by Zhang Tie, to be able to awe people and make them devoted.

‘What happened in the cave could be considered a white lie and a blessing to those guys,’ Zhang Tie told to himself.

Before, there were only a bit more than ten people in the cave; however, after that day, 50 to 60 new miners joined, causing the cave to be noisier than before. Even the tunnel where Zhang Tie worked was crowded with several more people.

Completely different than those who had submitted to their fate and were just dejectedly working hard here, those guys who had been successfully brainwashed by Zhang Tie declared to the public that they had learned the mining experience from Zhang Tie, and the way they acted caused them to be seen as a group of lunatics in the eyes of others.

Different than those who would immediately begin to mine the moment they arrived with their mining basket, these guys would always first kneel down on the hard and cold mining bed and ores with hands folded to recite a prayer filled with devotion and gratitude.

“I thank the Gods for bringing you to me. I know you are not just cold ores, but rather, the biggest blessing from the Gods. Every time I devoutly wave my mining hoe and carry you through that long tunnel as I am full of gratitude, I was receiving your great blessing and gift. You have made my veins and bones exhausted and ache, but you have also given me excellent strength and decisiveness. You have created ores that were hard to break in order to temper my decisiveness and braveness when breaking through difficulties. Because of you, I am able to obtain food. Because of you, I am able to obtain strength. Because of you, I am able to be resolute. Because of you, I have the decisiveness to break through all difficulties. I know that top quality wine always tastes bitter at first taste. I also know that the outward forms of the biggest blessings are always difficulties and troubles. From today onward, all the complaints will leave me, and I will see through all the troubles and difficulties and never be puzzled by their outward forms. Like enjoying wine, I will open my heart to accept this blessing. The troubles and difficulties are the blessings the Gods have given to me. I receive this blessing out of my devotion and gratitude. I will definitely constantly absorb the powerful strength from this blessing! May the Ancient Gods be with me!”

After praying, those guys even touched and kissed those cold stones in a very kind way before waving their mining hoe to mine. As if they were digging for gold, they mined with a very satisfied and pious expression.

Potter was the first one who did this. Gradually, his actions were followed by several “fire-bearers”, and then before they would begin to mine, everybody would start to silently pray for the blessing of the Big Blessing Skill. Even the four “sacrifices” led by Wood, who had not experienced the “sacred” ceremony, began to pray and said these words. Through praying, Wood and the other three “sacrifices” also faintly felt the essence of the Big Blessing Skill and became gradually resolute and pious.

Throughout the whole night, Potter was thinking about how to pray. After he thought it through, on the second day, he even devoutly asked Zhang Tie, the Enlightener, for suggestions. After reading the words of the prayer, Zhang Tie was immediately shocked and felt perturbed.

“Did you think it out by yourself?” Zhang Tie curiously stared at Potter, confused as to how such an unlucky fellow who submitted to his fate of digging in the mines yesterday had suddenly become so talented. Zhang Tie was truly shocked by the prayer, especially the part that talked about the wine. That was truly f*cking meaningful.

“Yes!” As he said the words of the prayer, Potter became slightly excited and his face started to turn red. “I don’t know either. I was so excited last night that I couldn’t sleep well, and these words just came to mind one by one!”

“It seems that the Big Blessing Skill has already started to take effect on you...” Zhang Tie solemnly said to Potter. “Your words of prayer are very good, as it completely combines the Big Blessing Skill with your inner feelings; however, there is one flaw. If you add one more sentence to the end, then the prayer would be perfect!”

“Where do I need to improve?” Potter nervously asked.

“If you add ‘May the Ancient God be with me’ at the end of the prayer, then it would be more powerful and effective!” Zhang Tie “suggested” like an expert.

Thus, in the next afternoon when someone found Potter, the “fire-bearer”, kneeling down on the ground as he prayed after his “exchange” with Zhang Tie, in merely one morning, the prayer had already silently spread among the 64 people. Every one of them treasured the prayer a lot, especially the last sentence that was added by Zhang Tie, “May the Ancient God be with me”, making them more firmly convinced that the mysterious deities of the Ancient Gods Church were the Ancient Gods.

In Age of Black Iron, human beliefs exploded greatly. In this world, although nobody has seen a true god, people who worshiped various deities could be seen everywhere. Regardless of other places, Zhang Tie knew that merely in Andaman Alliance, even if under the covetous eyes of the Sun Dynasty, there were more than seven sects and groups using the sun as the totem and the source of their belief. There were also numerous other sects and groups, each of which claimed that they were the followers of the true deity. However, in the end, more of these groups and sects turned out to be controlled by liars in order to make money and sleep with women, and they became bankrupt and failed more frequently than registered business groups and companies. The deities also came and went with the sects and groups, making people dazed and easily forget them. In this case, Zhang Tie felt that it was also reasonable and acceptable for him to fabricate Ancient Gods.

In Andaman Alliance, people who fabricated a deity would be less guilty than fabricating a corporate legal person. The latter might be given trouble by the officials of the tax bureau, while the former would not even arouse the attention of others.

After trying his best to mine together with the guys who had received the blessing of the “Big Blessing Skill” in the mining cave for three days, Zhang Tie had almost collapsed. Although the Leakless Fruit had already been ripe for three days, during the past three days, Zhang Tie couldn’t even find one chance to enter the Castle of Black Iron and complete the promotion to LV 2 warrior. The moment he entered the mining cave, he would always be the most eye-catching guy. Compared to before, the amount of miners in the mining cave now was four or five times more. The mining cave could no longer act as a hidden location for Zhang Tie to enter the Castle of Black Iron, and neither could he add any more basic energy storage to the Castle of Black Iron.

Almost half of this survival training had already elapsed, and Zhang Tie knew that if he remained in the mining cave like this, then he truly might stay with these guys and mine for another month. This was definitely not what Zhang Tie longed for.

Thus, after he finished mining on the third day since these guys joined him, Zhang Tie declared his righteous decision towards those guys who were mining in the cave—he wanted to leave the mining cave and complete the remainder of the survival training alone in the harshest of environments. He wanted to obtain greater strength from more adventurous and harsher environments...



* * *





Chapter 114




When Zhang Tie returned to the cabin that was marked with the words “Logistics administration”, despite his clothes being the same as before and him still looking as rugged as before, he felt as if he was treated completely differently than before.

At the same office desk that was placed in front of the cabin, the same two girls from before were sitting there. At the sight of Zhang Tie walking towards them, they both showed a big smile with great warmth, causing Zhang Tie stunned.

“I’m Emily, what can I do for you?” One girl took hold of this chance to introduce herself. As for the other girl, who was about to stand up, Zhang Tie saw her pouting in dissatisfaction.

“I’m here to hand in the mining basket and the mining hoe...” When Zhang Tie said this, he glanced over their breasts. Feeling Zhang Tie’s absent-minded eyes, the two girls sitting behind the desk consciously raised their chests. ‘Hmm… although they are not as extravagant as Alice’s or Beverly’s, their breasts are big enough. At least, they’re much bigger than Pandora’s.’ When he thought of Pandora, Zhang Tie felt a slight headache. Not knowing why, Zhang Tie felt that Pandora has been acting weirdly lately, especially when he asked Pandora to “pound” him using her fists to help form the Iron-Body Fruit. Whenever he asked Pandora to do this, Pandora, while gritting her teeth, would pound him so fiercely that it was as if she wanted to beat him to death, causing Zhang Tie to be a bit frightened.

“Are you Zhang Tie? Hmm, please sign your name here!” The other girl also seized the opportunity to stand up. With a big smile on her face, she passed a notebook to Zhang Tie.

“You know me?” Being called by name by a girl who he didn’t know, Zhang Tie was slightly surprised.

“Of course, everybody knows you. You are the hero student who had exposed Samira’s status as a mole of the Norman Empire and had defeated a LV 3 warrior!” As she said this, the girl cast a sheepish glance at Zhang Tie, causing Zhang Tie to be a bit dazzled as his vanity was satisfied once again.

Finding the student number he had registered with in the notebook, he then signed beside it before handing it back to that girl.

“Can I leave now?”

“Yes, you can!” This girl kept staring at Zhang Tie with eyes wide opened. After taking the notebook, she slightly hesitated before bravely asking Zhang Tie, “Do you still need a partner for the survival training?”

“A partner for survival training?”

“Yes, Emily and I have not formed a team with the boys yet!”

For such an obvious and bold intent, Zhang Tie could naturally understand what she meant. Zhang Tie forcefully swallowed his saliva as he looked at the two big and beautiful smiles that hung on their face and their half-matured figure and breasts. The untamed thing in his crotch became like an animal. Over the past few days, Zhang Tie had realized he really couldn’t withstand the flirting from girls. Every time, that untamed thing would turn hard in the face of any sex appeal. Was this the boredom in the puberty ?

“I… I already have a partner in this survival training!” When he told a lie, Zhang Tie hurriedly used his “right hand covering method” to press down on that untamed thing.

“It doesn’t matter. Excellent boys usually have many partners in the survival training,” Emily replied as she lovingly blinked her beautiful eyes a few times.

Seeing the two beauties, Zhang Tie had already burst out into tears inwardly. ‘My god! Is this punishment for not having accepted the circumcision surgery? This is too much torture. After this survival training, when I return to Blackhot City, I will immediately get a surgery. I can’t stand it anymore!’

“Sorry, I can’t. I have to accept the toughest of challenges alone. During that kind of survival training, I may encounter many dangers, and under these cases, I can’t take care of you. That’s why I’m really sorry. I can’t bring you into danger just because of my selfishness!” Although he couldn’t eat[1], he still pretended to be righteous and gentle in front of them.

Zhang Tie’s excuse had truly increased the favor the two girls had towards him. Hearing that Zhang Tie was going to challenge the harshest environment alone, the two girls’ eyes immediately began to shine, much like shiny stars. In such training, anyone who dared to face troubles alone would usually receive the nickname “Loner”. Those who received this nickname were considered to be one of the most able students by the public. Currently, there was only one person who was awarded the title of “Loner” and that was the boy who excelled in archery. Unfortunately, Zhang Tie had not seen him before.

“I’m Sharapova, and I live in No.198, Musan Avenue in Blackhot City. Remember to find me when you come back!” As she said that, that girl took out a notebook and wrote down her name and address in the notebook before tearing off a piece of the paper and handing it to Zhang Tie.

“I live in Iron Vine Alley, and my family owns a small hotel. Once you come to Iron Vine Valley, you will immediately be able to see it!” Not willing to be defeated, Emily also told her home address to Zhang Tie before adding a sentence full of implications and seduction: “I have a lot of free time during the holidays!”

……

Seeing Zhang Tie leaving, they even waved their hands towards him, feeling reluctant to part from him. Zhang Tie had to say it—having the favor of a lot of girls felt really cool.

As for the reason why he was favored by so many girls, Zhang Tie thought back to Hista’s, that obscene guy’s, conclusion—all women liked excellent men; however, a man who is already favored by excellent women would be even more appealing. Seeing this kind of man, all women would have the impulse and instinct to snatch him away from the other woman’s hands, thus in that night party when he was grabbed by Alice and Beverly, other girls had begun to favor him even more.

‘Heh… heh… I like it!’ Zhang Tie became a bit happy as he put away the notes from Sharapova and Emily.

Walking out of Wild Wolf Castle, since he wasn’t planning to mine anymore, Zhang Tie felt pretty relaxed. Standing in that small square outside Wild Wolf Castle, Zhang Tie felt completely different than when he had just arrived here less than a month ago. Not knowing why, Zhang Tie felt that his real life had just begun.

“Wild Wolf Valley, here I am!”

After howling, regardless of how many people had been scared, Zhang Tie took long steps and trotted down the mountain from the small square outside Wild Wolf Castle towards the tree base in a very deft way.

When he arrived at the tree base, Zhang Tie found the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood practicing the Lying Tiger Move, one of the basic skills from the Iron Blood Fist Skill. Crawling on the ground like a tiger, they all panted as they were covered in sweat as their faces were turning red and their arms were shaking like strands of noodles.

When the boys were practicing the fighting skills, the girls were happily watching them from the side and pointed to them as they made comments every once in awhile. How the boys practiced fighting skills was very attractive to the girls. Girls watched boys practice fighting skills and sports in the same manner as guys watched girls dance. This was something that they would never get bored of.

Seeing that Zhang Tie has returned, Barley immediately found that Zhang Tie was not carrying his mining basket this time. After raising his head, Barley’s Qi dissipated, causing his hands to feel soft before throwing himself onto the ground like a ball of twisted noodles, causing a sound of ‘Pa Ta’. He then started to pant heavily.

“This time… how long was I able to hold on?” Lying on the ground, Fatty Barley barely raised his head and asked the girls who were watching them.

“Less than one section!” One girl replied.

Since they had no tools to calculate time, whenever they practiced fighting skills, they would fill several sections of bamboo with water. With this bamboo, they would open a small hole, causing water to drip out one droplet after the other. It would roughly take five minutes for one section of the bamboo to clear out all the water. According to Iron Blood Fist Skill, they had to hold on to the Lying Tiger Move for half an hour to meet the basic requirement of the Lying Tiger Move. After meeting this requirement, they were to increase the weight on themselves. With each additional load of weight on their back, if they were able to hold on for half an hour while doing the Lying Tiger Move, then they would have reached that threshold. If they were able to remain for half an hour while having 200 kg weight on them, they could be considered to have basic mastery; if they were able to remain for half an hour while having 500 kg on them, then they could be considered to have mastered most of the skill; and if they could remain for half an hour while having 1000 kg on them, then they could be considered to have successfully mastered the skill.

Currently, among the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, with the exception of Bagdad and Zhang Tie, everyone else could only hold on for enough time to have the water in one section of the bamboo be drained. Bagdad was barely able to hold on for enough time to have two sections of water from the bamboo be drained off, which was almost the same as Zhang Tie. None of them had even met the basic requirement of this move. From this, they could see how difficult it was to practice Iron-Blood Fist. During the past days, they could only keep the contents and moves from the book in mind. As to which level they could reach in the future, it would depend on their own talent and efforts.

Soon after Barley collapsed, the next was Hista, Sharwin, and Leit, while Doug was able to last a minute longer than them. The only person remaining in the posture of the Lying Tiger Move was Bagdad, whose sweat had covered all over his robust muscles, causing them to glisten.

After looking around, Zhang Tie found that the three girls who gave him headaches were not in the tree house.

“Where’s Pandora, Alice, and Beverly? Where did they go?” Zhang Tie asked Barley...

“Heh… heh...” Picking himself up from the ground, Barley made an obscene smile. “They are over at that stream washing your clothes. For a man to be cared about by women, that is true happiness. They even fought over washing your clothes...”

Before Barley finishing talking, a high-pitched scream suddenly drifted over from the stream in the distance—it was Alice! Hearing the scream, Zhang Tie didn’t hesitate and immediately grabbed a spear and darted towards that stream...

“Girls, climb onto the tree. Sharwin and Leit, you two stay here to protect the girls. The others, follow me...” Fatty Barley didn’t even put on his clothes. Holding onto a spear, he also rushed forward. Springing up from the ground, Bagdad also instantly grabbed a long sword beside him and dashed forward...

[1] He can’t have sex with them.



* * *





Chapter 115




Although it was more than 50 m away, it only took Zhang Tie several seconds to get there.

As he darted through the bamboo grove with the fastest speed he could muster, the scene Zhang Tie saw almost made his eyes pop out from fury.

Alice and Beverly were hurriedly rushing towards Zhang Tie, and closely following behind was the thin Pandora. In addition to them, there were four wolves closely chasing after Pandora, and the wolf closest to Pandora was only 2.5 to 3 m away from her.

Pandora’s face was covered with fear. The wolf chasing after her had already jumped into the air and widely opened its mouth in preparation to bite Pandora’s neck.

Time seemed to stop at this moment. If her neck was bitten by the wolf and torn apart by the sharp canines, her artery and trachea would likely be injured within a second, which may prove to be a fatal injury.

“Pandora!” Zhang Tie roared.

At this moment, Zhang Tie, who was rushing towards them, was still more than 20 steps away from Pandora.

At the sight of Zhang Tie, although she did not know the reason, all the fear that was on Pandora’s face disappeared and was instead replaced with a tranquility.

At the same time, Zhang Tie started his counterattack. He had never thought that he would one day start an attack from more than 20 steps away from the target.

In Zhang Tie’s eyes, time seemed to have stopped...

He saw the wisp of tranquility on Pandora’s face...

He saw the dripping saliva at the corner of the midair, wild wolf’s mouth...

He even saw the mud and broken stones that were dispersed into the air as he dashed forward and the slight waving movements of the weeds due to the breeze.

Glaring at the wolf that had jumped into the air, each strand of fur on that wolf became clear in Zhang Tie’s eyes.

With eyes fixed on the fatal point of the wolf’s neck, Zhang Tie felt as if something had lit up in his mind. At the same time, he felt a weird connection between the spear in his hand and the fatal point on that wolf’s neck. A channel that was invisible yet could be sensed seemed to come into being at that moment. The channel was funnel-shaped and the most pointed spot was on the neck of that wolf.

It was a mysterious feeling. At that moment, Zhang Tie thought that even if his eyes were closed, as long as he threw his spear, he would definitely hit that wolf. This was not confidence but certainty. It was much like how a naughty kid could casually take glass beads and flick them into a large, upright funnel. No matter how the glass beads move, it would, in the end, arrive at the most pointed exit of the funnel.

Thus, Zhang Tie exerted all his strength and threw his spear along with the huge momentum of him dashing forward...

The moment Zhang Tie threw his spear, everyone, including Alice, Beverly, and even the people following Zhang Tie like Barley, felt their hearts pounding. At that critical moment, Barley and the others had even thought that Zhang Tie had lost his mind. Although they had learned how to use the spear at school, the throwing skills that they had learned required team work. In special occasions, they could defeat their enemy using a high density of spears; however, given its precision, no single student in the entire school dared to show off their throwing skill alone. Unexpectedly, the spear that Zhang Tie had thrown was directly flying towards the three girls rushing towards him and the wolf closely chasing after the three girls. Even if there was a throwing angle and Zhang Tie didn’t actually target at the girls, it was still too dangerous to launch an attack in such a manner...

Considering that it was an emergency, nobody had time to think about the outcome if Zhang Tie failed to hit the wolf precisely. However, in a split second, the situation was reversed.

The spear flew over a distance of 20 steps as a sharp wind blew past Alice and Beverly’s panic stricken faces and passed Pandora’s ear by the width of a hair. Previously, the wolf had opened its bloody mouth, intending to bite Pandora’s neck; however, the spear directly pierced through its neck and nailed it to the ground five steps away, causing the wolf to instantly die.

Following that, Zhang Tie flew over to Alice, Beverly, and Pandora and rushed towards the second wolf, which had jumped into the air and charged towards his arm.

The moment the second wolf had jumped up, Barley and the others who were closely following Zhang Tie had already surrounded the three girls in order to protect them before Bagdad and Doug rushed towards Zhang Tie to help him. After slightly recovering their composure, the three panting women, whose faces had turned pale, looked back at Zhang Tie.

The moment they saw the wild wolf charging at Zhang Tie’s arm, the three girls cried out in unison once again. They wanted to warn Zhang Tie to be careful, but what they saw next had seriously shocked them.

Although that wolf moved extremely fast, Zhang Tie was faster. The moment that wolf opened its mouth as wide as it could, Zhang Tie’s two hands had already grabbed hold of its mouth, and using his hands, he was stretching its mouth. With one hand clasping onto its upper jaw and the other clasping its lower jaw, Zhang Tie exerted all his strength to tear them apart.

Everyone then heard the high-pitched cry of the wolf, who had its jaw opened so wide that its upper jaw and lower jaw was forced opened beyond 180 degrees. Zhang Tie ferociously threw the wolf onto the ground before kicking the wolf’s neck, breaking the neck bone and causing a “Ka Cha” sound, causing the short yet high-pitched cry to stop.

Not even just the people, but even the two other wolves in front of Zhang Tie was shocked by such a bloody scene.

“Come on...” As he stepped on the corpse of the wolf, Zhang Tie, with red eyes, shouted towards the other two wolves.

Bagdad and Doug, who were rushing forward, soon arrived by Zhang Tie’s side. At the sight of this, the two remaining wolves had no choice but to turn around and escape. After dozens of steps, one of them even turned its head and glanced at Zhang Tie once again before drilling into the bushes beside the stream, causing Bagdad and Doug to have come in vain.

Seeing the two wolves escape, Zhang Tie then turned around, wanting to check if Pandora and girls had suffered any injuries.

“Are you guys okay?” Zhang Tie said as he nervously circled the girls a few times, checking them from head to toe. Even though the others were looking at him weirdly, with his eyes fixed only on the girls, he didn’t realize. When he saw several drops of fresh blood on Pandora’s neck, Zhang Tie was so frightened that he almost jumped up. Within a split second, using his sleeve, he helped Pandora wipe off the blood, and thankfully, he found no injuries after wiping it off. He figured that the blood was probably left behind by the wolf he had killed using his spear. Letting out a sigh, it seemed as if he was relieved of a heavy burden.

The three girls didn’t say anything as Zhang Tie checked them for injuries; instead, they all seriously watched Zhang Tie’s performance. The anxiety and concern on Zhang Tie’s face and the funny look when he looked around them to check for injuries were all out of sincerity. Despite this, the three girls didn’t laugh out loudly. They all kept in mind Zhang Tie’s series of actions, including the suddenly anxious expression on Zhang Tie’s face when he saw a couple drops of fresh blood on Pandora’ neck. When he had seen that, he had hurriedly used the sleeve of his coat to wipe it off, but when he realized that his sleeves were not clean, he hurriedly pulled out the sleeves of his shirt to wipe it off.

“It’s great that you guys are fine!” Soon after, when Zhang Tie let out a deep sigh, he was tightly embraced by the three girls. This feeling of being hugged by three girls at the same time was really stimulating, especially because Alice and Beverly had such hot bodies. In a split second, Zhang Tie felt his armpits and the two sides of his arms were glued onto four soft yet firm balls of flesh. Although there were several layers of clothes between them, Zhang Tie still turned weak all over from feeling an electric current course through his body at the touch of those balls of flesh. That untamed thing in his crotch had also become as hard as a stick, immediately poking Pandora’s stomach.

Lifting his hands, Zhang Tie became a bit embarrassed, as he did not know where to put his hands. He then looked at Barley and the other guys, who were staring at him with envy and admiration. Hista had even thrust his waist forward and silently pointed at the three girls as he raised his thumb towards Zhang Tie.

Even now, he didn’t know where to put his hands and decided to directly embrace all of them. His two hands almost couldn’t deal with so many girls at the same time. “Okay, okay, it’s fine now, it’s fine now...”

Pandora felt something hard poking at her stomach. Mistaking it for a dagger, she stretched out a hand and touched it, aiming to put it back to its rightful place; however, upon touching that “dagger”, she realized that Zhang Tie had become stiff all over. At the same time, the feeling through her hand had allowed Pandora to figure out what was happening. Like a frightened rabbit, Pandora, who had been hugging Zhang Tie, instantly jumped back as her face turned red all over.

The moment Pandora jumped back, Zhang Tie shouted inwardly, ‘That’s too bad!’ As Alice and Beverly hugged him on both sides, causing him to not have a chance to even cover his embarrassment, it resulted in that troublesome thing supporting a high tent in his trousers being displayed right in front of everyone.

Everybody was shocked by Zhang Tie both inside and outside.

“Wow, Zhang Tie! What’s that thing hiding in your crotch? It looks like it wants to jump out of there!” Hista weirdly shouted to the side.

Hearing his weird shout, Alice and Beverly both turned their heads and took a look at Zhang Tie’s trousers. Even if they were fearless, they still felt very shy when they were under the gazes of the other people, and within a split second, they had loosened their arms and had taken several steps backwards. Before Alice stepped back, she even ferociously pinched Zhang Tie’s arm.

Seeing the three girls watching him with mixed expressions, Zhang Tie, who was heroic just now, immediately became so embarrassed that he hurriedly used his “Right Hand Covering Method” to press down on that untamed thing in his crotch. Although it was his instinctual reaction to use his “Right Hand Covering Method”, at the sight of Zhang Tie doing this move, the three girls’ eyes became widely opened as they covered their mouths with their hands and took two more steps back in fright.

Zhang Tie faintly felt that he had made another mistake and felt exceptionally embarrassed with his right hand on that untamed thing. Finally, Bagdad, who walked over, changed the topic with one sentence, which also instantly relieved Zhang Tie of his embarrassment. With one hand on Zhang Tie’s shoulder, Bagdad curiously stared at Zhang Tie. “Since when have you mastered the spear throwing skill so perfectly? You should know that what you have done just now almost scared me to death...”

Seeing that everyone was staring at him, Zhang Tie also found it hard to answer. ‘That’s right, since when did I master spear throwing skills so perfectly? What was that mysterious feeling just now...’ Zhang Tie doubted himself inwardly.



* * *





Chapter 116




After more than an hour since he left the Wild Wolf Castle, Zhang Tie returned, holding the spear that he had used to kill the wolf.

The three girls were definitely attacked not without any reason.

According to Alice, the four wolves had attacked them without any provocation. When the three of them were washing clothes for Zhang Tie along the stream, all of a sudden, a wolf rushed out of the brushes which were at the lower reach of the stream.

She was very scared at the sight of it, and they all turned to run. After getting a bit farther away, Alice had looked back and found that it wasn’t a single wolf, but four of them chasing after their trio.

Since the beginning of the survival training, packs of wolves had been rarely seen within five kilometers of the Wild Wolf Castle. The whole ordeal became even stranger when Zhang Tie realized that the four wolves this time were the ones from the seven that had chased after him last time.

He could remember it clearly that one of the escaping two wolves was slightly bigger and had a circle of red-brown fur on its neck while one of its ears had a defect. These features were identical to the head wolf’s that had attacked him last time.

That wolf also had the same animosity in its eyes when it glared at Zhang Tie which he could never mistake.

Why would such a pack of wolves appear twice in his surroundings, seemingly targeting him? It was weird. What was most unbearable was that this time the four wolves had almost killed his three beloved girls. Therefore, Zhang Tie made a decision to kill all the wolves. He swore to not stop until he had killed the two escaped that escaped and figured out the reason as to why they had attacked him and his beloved ones.

Previously, Zhang Tie had also intended to start the survival training alone, but out of his desire for a quick increase in strength due to Castle of Black Iron; however, now, Zhang Tie found another reason that forced him to do that. His individual survival training seemed to be just be beginning.

When the other members of Hit-Plane Brotherhood and the girls were preparing for tonight’s wolf meat barbecue with vicious glee, Zhang Tie carried off one dead wolf to the Wild Wolf Castle.

He didn’t stay in the small square outside the Wild Wolf Castle for a long time. Instead, he directly carried that wolf into the Iron Melting Workshop.

It was as boisterous inside the Workshop as before. Since there were four or five times more ores supplied in the past couple of days than usual, the guys in there who had complained about insufficient materials became very excited.

After a casual glance, Zhang Tie saw that a steam machine had almost been completed. ‘That’s really a hard job for these guys,’ he mumbled inwardly

Upon entering the Iron Melting Workshop, but before he could open his mouth, a guy called Peter, who was familiar with him, shouted out, “Ah, here comes our great hot person of the bonfire night party...”

Peter walked out of the Iron Melting Workshop and hammered onto Zhang Tie’s shoulder. “I heard you’ve become very eye-catching in the bonfire night party by having too big-boob beauties! How did they feel?”

“Their embraces felt great!”Zhang Tie also laughed out loudly.

“Just embracing?” Peter lecherously asked.

“What else do you want?”

“Have you...” Peter made a hand gesture that was understandable to every man.

“We’ve not reached that level yet!”

Oozing sweat all over his forehead, Zhang Tie found that men were all the same when they talked about women no matter how socially reclusive they were, even if they were those guys staying in the Iron Melting Workshop all day long.

“Come on, brother, in case of regretting it later!” Peter seriously said before he noticed the wolf tied to Zhang Tie’s back with ropes.

Zhang Tie then found him forcefully swallowing his saliva with eyes fixed onto the wolf. The guys working in the Iron Melting Workshop, they could only get a bit more dried rations than the miners. They might have a chance to eat meat, but less than once a week. Therefore, at the sight of that wolf on Zhang Tie’s back, all of their eyes turned green. People who had eaten wolf meat knew that it tasted almost the same as dog meat. If you were good at cooking, you could also cook it with various seasonings and in different ways, like how you would cook dog meat.

Under Peter’s amazed gaze, Zhang Tie threw the wolf from his back directly at him. “I’ve just slaughtered it one hour ago, so it’s still fresh. If you deal with it now, the brothers here will have meat to eat tonight. There is also enough of it for tomorrow!”

“This… this is for us?” Peter asked with surprise.

“Of course, I took care of it just now and brought it for the brothers here to ask them for a favor!”

“Brothers, we have meat to eat tonight!” Peter burst out into laughter as he shouted towards the inside of the Workshop. Hearing his exclamation, a group of guys rushed out with gleaming eyes.

“Meat? Where...”

“Where is the meat?”

Seeing the thirsty looks, Zhang Tie realized that these guys in the Workshop were truly wolves themselves.

Seeing the wolf in Peter’s hands, a few guys immediately rushed forward and grabbed it. They were closely followed by another group.

“Remember to take some meat to exchange for some wild vegetables from the girls. We need to stew a pot of soup!”

“We need some wild pepper and spices, we will roast a wolf’s leg...”

“The wolf’s penis, remember to keep it...”

Hearing it, Zhang Tie sweated all over again...

Knowing that they were going to eat fresh wolf meat tonight, the whole Iron Melting Workshop cheered up.

“Brother, what favor do you want? Just say it!”

Peter had feared that Zhang Tie might regret his decision, so he let the others take away the wolf before patting his chest and asking what Zhang Tie needed.

After Zhang Tie finished saying his request, Peter let out a sigh. “Just that? Okay, follow me in, I promise to satisfy you!”

After gifting them the wolf, undoubtedly, Zhang Tie had become the most popular person in the whole Workshop. Many guys greeted him.

Peter took him directly to the area where a pile of finished goods were placed. Pointing at those goods carried over from the Iron Melting Workshop, he said, “ These are all made of low-carbon steel. They’re much better than the first batch of goods. Despite the fact that we cannot control the carburization technique to a high degree, there is still a difference between these weapons and those from the factories in Blackhot City; despite our products having some defects, they’re qualified enough to be used as short spears for throwing!”

In the finished products area there were mainly goods like cutlery, swords, and protective equipment produced by the guys from the Workshop. The weapons had both poor looks and poor quality, causing few people to be interested in them.

Lying about, there were also several lances. Because of their simple processing method, the group of long lances really looked like something; however, it was estimated that few people would like to exchange for lances anymore here. Therefore, these products were just piled up here in great quantities like scattered straws to be bundled.

Here was exactly where Zhang Tie’s target lay—he sought a throwing lance.

The lances were most easily produced, and the most popular products in this Iron Melting Workshop during the survival training. For commoners, when they were alone, these lances weren’t too powerful; however, when going hunting in groups, especially in groups of dozens of people or more than one hundred, these lances could be very effective and aggressive. Based on the chance that even a blind cat could meet a dead mouse, these lances could play a great role in sieges.

Peter pulled out of one of the lances from the pile and put it into Zhang Tie’s hand.

Holding it, Zhang Tie felt that it was truly much better than the long spear that he had used to throw at the wolf. Besides, this lance was only 1.3 m in length. In hand, it would be much easier to control.

The entire lance was mainly just an amplified embroidery needle. Its streamlined pointed head was directly connected to a wooden rod without any decorations. The only confusing point was that the wooden rod connected to the lance head was not completely straight, instead, it was composed of four sections of different thickness: thicker, slimmer, thicker, slimmer. Glancing over the other lance rods, Zhang Tie found that they were all in the same shape. It made him a bit confused.

“Why do your lance rods look like this? Shouldn’t they be as straight as those of long spears?”

“You’ve not used a lance before?”

“Not yet!”

“You should know that this design method had been accepted by people before the Catastrophe. Based on aerodynamics, this kind of rod with sections of different thicknesses would suffer less from air resistance when sent flying and so will fly stabler. Besides, it will fly farther and be more powerful than one whose rod was of the same thickness. More than that, not only are lance rods produced this way, but even the arrow rods that require the strictest processing method would be produced in this way!”

Zhang Tie had never expected that the production of a lance rod could require so much knowledge. However, hearing it had existed before the Catastrophe and was related to aerodynamics that he had never heard about, Zhang Tie didn’t pay much attention to it any longer so as to avoid being called illiterate. These guys who were good at smelting and producing weapons in the Iron Melting Workshop truly had some talents in some aspects.

“How about that? Do you want to have a try in the field behind the Workshop...”

“No need. Just select some good ones for me!” Zhang Tie said, shaking his head. He didn’t want to expose his real strength in front of the public.

Holding the lance, he suddenly thought about something and silently fixed his eyes onto a lamp cover forty steps away from the gate of the Iron Melting Workshop. Then he sensed that mysterious connection between him and the lamp cover forty steps away like the one some time ago between him and the wolf’s neck.

He was not confident about it, but he surely knew that he could immediately hit that lamp cover using his lance. As long as he had enough strength, he could then precisely throw the weapon in his hand at the target. This skill seemed to have become instinctual, as simple as taking a breath or walking.

Even Zhang Tie himself was confused about the reason behind it. He only knew that some weird changes had happened to his body. If he considered his own body as a machine for a moment, he felt that one hour ago, a switch on his body was suddenly turned on, causing him to become instinctually aware of how to throw lances. It seemed that with any item in hand, after a simple estimation of its weight, he could throw it wherever he wanted...

God knew what had happened to him!

……

“Is one bundle of them enough?” Peter asked generously.

“No, it’s too much, I only need six of them!” Hearing Peter’s words, Zhang Tie was almost frightened as a bundle would contain 12 lances at the least. He didn’t need that many at all.

“Well, it depends on you. The heads are easily produced. They need very little steel. The wooden rods are also easily made. We have tools here. If they don’t work, just take them here; I’ll exchange them for new ones for you...”

“Fine, next time when I get some more meat, I’ll share it with you guys too!”.

“Okay!” Peter smiled widely. “Brothers, did you hear that? We will always have meat to eat from today on. This black-haired tough man could easily kill three wolves!”

Hearing Peter’s praise, Zhang Tie also smiled. He felt that although these guys were introverted and not talkative, they were really easy-going. If you treated them well, they would treat your well too. He felt very comfortable getting along with them since, in a way, he was a similar person.

When he left the Iron Melting Workshop, he carried six lances with him. Peter had even gifted a container for him to hold his lances. With this lance container on his back, he could move with ease.

However, when he returned to the tree base, Zhang Tie saw an uninvited person - Burwick.



* * *





Chapter 117




The arrival of Burwick startled all the members of Hit-Plane Brotherhood. However, his goal for coming here made them even more surprised as was here to invite all the guys of Hit-Plane Brotherhood to join the “Male Lion Association”, including Zhang Tie.

When Zhang Tie arrived, Burwick, with sun-like brilliant blonde hair, was bragging about the bright future of the Male Lion Association to the members of Hit-Plane Brotherhood.

“We, the Male Lion Association, have almost 200 people now and are already the biggest team in this survival training. The achievements of Male Lion Association can also be seen by all of you. This time, I’m here with sincerity, hoping that you will join us. You might not know that Glaze’s fighting force has improved very quickly. Someone noticed him killing three huge wolves at once. He might have already gone to the marginal region between the Wild Wolf Valley and the Crescent Prairie to continue his survival training...”

“Isn’t Samira gone? Doesn’t Glaze know that?” Doug curiously asked.

Burwick replied with a brilliant smile, “Thankfully, Zhang Tie has exposed that guy’s true status, causing him to leave. That guy was both cunning and mean, even we, the Male Lion Association, were almost set up by him. However, although Samira is gone, the demands for golden wolf marrow and Goose-neck Grass in Blackhot City will never change. After all, these are necessities for Master Abyan to refine recovery medicament which is urgently needed in Blackhot City. Therefore, Glaze will stick to hunting golden wolves and picking Goose-neck Grass. Maybe in a few days, new missions and rewards will be delivered from Blackhot City. As long as the city will be willing to raise its rewards for the missions a bit, many people will try the Crescent Prairie. We, the Male Lion Association, are also preparing for that moment!”

“Haven’t you prepared well last time? Why do you want to prepare for it again?” Leit, who was tricky, asked.

“What happened to Samira greatly influenced our morality. As you know, morality is very important in battle. These couple of days, we were waiting for the news from Blackhot City. Once the new missions and rewards are delivered, we will set off again! Even if Glaze dares to set off with his lackeys, we, the Male Lion Association, have no reason to be timid. I heard there was a resentment between you and Glaze. There is also a resentment between Glaze and us. This is the right moment for us to unite to fight against Glaze and press him down. He’s narrow-minded and won’t let anyone get away even for a hostile look. If he gains the chance to be recommended in this survival training, we might have to be very meticulous from then on for a long while to escape his revenge...” Burwick righteously said. “However, if we can unite, we will be able to fight him!”

“We will never join the Male Lion Association!” Zhang Tie exclaimed, reaching them from the path before Barley and the other guys could even open their mouths.

“Zhang Tie!”

Many guys turned back and greeted him, even Alice and Beverly immediately rushed over without caring about the gossip that it might cause. They hugged Zhang Tie’s arms on both sides, letting him enjoy the feeling again. Seeing this, Pandora made a cold harrumph and turned her head.

Discovering that Zhang Tie had already returned, Burwick kept the smile on his face, but the corners of his eyes twisted slightly. Before the arrival of Zhang Tie, he felt that he was the center of attention. However, after Zhang Tie arrived, he found that everyone’s focus had immediately transferred to him, causing Burwick to feel like he was being poked inwardly.

“How about you, the Male Lion Association, joining our Hit-Plane Brotherhood? We feel that the structure of Male Lion Association is too loose, far less cohesive than our Hit-Plane Brotherhood’s. Like what you said, if we want to fight Glaze, we have to unite to raise our fighting force. How about that? Think about it...”

Zhang Tie strode towards him.

Taking off the lances from his back, he threw them to Doug. Afterwards, Zhang Tie threw himself onto a tree stump beside Burwick, accompanied by two girls on his sides. Hearing what Zhang Tie had said, the other guys in the Brotherhood all smirked.

“You’re a bit hilarious, I have intended to have you in the Male Lion Association and let you be our vice head!” Burwick replied with gleaming eyes and a smile, still acting like a gentleman.

With surprise on his face, Zhang Tie pointed at his own nose. “Once our brotherhood joins your Male Lion Association, you will let me be the vice head of your Male Lion Association?”

“Of course, I mean it!” Burwick said with a sincere expression.

“Have you considered the outcome?” Zhang Tie looked solemn and seriously stared at Burwick.

“I feel the other members of Male Lion Association will agree to be led by one more able person!”

Burwick thought that Zhang Tie was a bit moved. At the same time, he glanced over to notice the disappearing smiles on the other members of the Brotherhood headed by Barley. He felt that he had already reached his target.

“I don’t mean this...” Zhang Tie smiled as widely as Burwick had. “I mean, you come to the tree base of our Brotherhood, wanting to devour us and let us be your stepping stone so as to maintain your authority in the Male Lion Association. After realizing that we don’t agree with you, you keep using your tricks in front of us to destroy the affinity between us brothers, aiming to isolate me from them. I mean, have you considered the outcome of setting me up in front of everyone? Have you considered the outcome of treating me as a dead person, as well as an idiot?”

“I… I don’t know what you mean!” Burwick, who always had a wide smile, started to be a bit anxious.

Just now, when the other guys heard that Burwick would like to provide Zhang Tie with the position of vice head of Male Lion Association, their faces had all turned blue, and they started to feel uncomfortable, which caused the smiles on their faces to disappear. However, after Zhang Tie’s explanation, everybody suddenly realized that Burwick had isolated Zhang Tie from the other members of Hit-Plane Brotherhood just by using that one sentence. As a result, they all cast their glares towards Burwick.

Still smiling, Zhang Tie, who had not made any prior moves, directly jumped up from the tree stump and punched Burwick in the face. As a result, Burwick’s nose immediately started bleeding, and he fell backwards. Zhang Tie then quickly charged at him like a cheetah, without saying any words. Before Burwick could respond due to his dizziness, Zhang Tie fiercely kicked his stomach, which rolled him two meters away like a football ball. Curling up on the ground like a shrimp, Burwick could not even pick himself up from the ground.

Zhang Tie didn’t stop there, instead, he surged forward. Lifting his big foot, he ferociously stamped onto Burwick for quite a while.

At the beginning, Burwick could hold it back using his hands or rolling himself to avoid Zhang Tie’s attacks, however, in 30 seconds, he had completely lost all his ability to resist. He then gritted his teeth and gave a choked cry. Later on, he simply shrieked miserably. Finally, he rolled here and there on the ground like a mouse being toyed with by a cat.

Before the ignition of the second burning point, Zhang Tie and Burwick were both LV 1 warriors, being close to each other in aspects like actual strength and physical qualities. Even if Zhang Tie had greatly improved his fighting skills in recent days, he would not be that advantageous against Burwick in a real fight. What caught Burwick unprepared though was that Zhang Tie dared to assault him in front of so many people without even a warning. With that fist, Zhang Tie did a preemptive move. With that kick, he made Burwick temporarily lose all his fighting force.

One lay on the ground, the other stood and kept ferociously kicking his opponent. The result was evident.

During those two minutes from when Zhang Tie had jumped up from the stump to make Burwick roll here and there on the ground like a mouse being played with, not only those girls in the surroundings, but also the animals of Brotherhood had their eyes and mouths wide open, even drooling without knowing.

Zhang Tie kept stamping on Burwick, throwing him, who already looked like a broken sand bag, into convulsions as he shrieked louder and louder. Such a scene was really shocking. Could it be an illusion?

Barley shook his head and closed his eyes. When he opened them again, he found that Zhang Tie was still ferociously kicking Burwick. He then realized that what was happening was not illusory, still, the roles played by the two really made it hard for him to accept it.

“In school, when you used the conflict between my brothers and Glaze to set up Glaze, I let it go since it was your true ability. You then instigated those idiots who believed you to be your stepping stone by accompanying you to Crescent Prairie, I let it go then too. This father has assumed my own responsibility and what happened to those idiots has nothing to do with me...”

Zhang Tie kept ferociously kicking Burwick as he cursed, “You think I don’t know you sold me to Samira...” He stomped directly on Burwick’s face. “When the Ministry of Internal Affairs in Blackhot City arrived here, Samira poured out everything. Without your cursed instigation, Samira would have never known who I was. I let it go too since I destroyed his plan. But you dare to come here to set up my brothers and frame me in front of my women by isolating me from my brothers? You treat me as an idiot and a dead person, and still want me to ignore it? How could I do that? Aren’t you good at deceptions? I’ll let you deceive! I’ll let you deceive! I’ll let you deceive! I’ll let you deceive...”

After each “I’ll let you deceive”, Zhang Tie would ferociously kick Burwick. After each of these kicks, the guys of Hit-Plane Brotherhood all heard the sound of ribs being broken. At this moment, Burwick could not even shriek, instead, he coughed out blood...

Everybody in the Brotherhood was startled. If Bighead beat Burwick to death, that wouldn’t end well...



* * *





Chapter 118




“It’s enough, Bighead. If you keep kicking him like that, he might be beaten to death!” After realizing the severity of the event, Barley hurriedly moved forward to pull Zhang Tie away.

“Don’t worry, he won’t die. I know he just has several broken ribs, which aren’t even poking into his guts...”

After another glance at Burwick, who was groaning on the ground, Zhang Tie took a deep breath and started to suggest to Barley and the other guys, “Do you want to kick him for a bit more? I found it’s really cool and funny to kick this guy. He really deserves to be kicked!”

Seeing Burwick’s miserable look as he lay on the ground, the other brothers hurriedly shook their heads. At this moment, if they kept kicking him, it would be akin to bullying a handicapped person. They didn’t feel like losing face. However, seeing that Zhang Tie fiercely kicked Burwick, who had been arrogant to a high degree, everybody felt exceptionally excited.

“Then… that guy… how do we deal with him?” Barley pointed at Burwick lying on the ground.

“It’s him who came to our base to frame, instigate, and irritate me. However, he could not match me in fighting force, and so was ferociously beaten by me alone. You didn’t beat him, but you all saw what happened. Whatever, just let him roll back to where he came from. If he can’t do that, let members of the Male Lion Association carry him back!”

Zhang Tie winked at Barley. For mean people like Burwick and Samira, you should never let them climb onto your head and be insatiable. He felt that once he got a chance, he should beat them all to death without any hesitation. If you could kill them, you should never let them breath. Thus, if he could kick them to the 18th hell, he would never just kick them to the 17th hell; if he could break their bones, he would never just hurt their veins.

The above was imparted by Donder, and also what Zhang Tie had realized in the past few days. In this age, once you became enemies with someone, you should be ferocious enough to kill them and make them tamed. If you were polite to those people, you would suffer from their aggression every time since they would know that even if they lost, the outcome would not be serious.

So if a person wanted to live comfortably with the mean guys detouring him, he had to let them know that it would be very dangerous to find trouble with him. The outcome would be so severe that they could not even imagine it.

The effect of this rule had been seen on Samira and Burwick.

Seeing Zhang Tie wink, Barley immediately understood that he wanted to directly stop Burwick from having the chance to be outstanding in this survival training. According to Zhang Tie, even if Burwick appealed to the Temporary Supervision Committee, he would not get any advantages as the law would stay on Zhang Tie’s side.

Since all the teachers of Temporary Supervision Committee were shrewd, they would clearly know what had happened. Additionally, there were many witnesses on the site, so Zhang Tie didn’t fear it at all.

In contrast, Burwick didn’t have enough face to appeal, nor could he dare to let anyone else know. He also was aware that the only result of letting the Temporary Supervision Committee deal with this event would be making Zhang Tie even more well known while making himself infamous.

The main problem was that Zhang Tie had beaten him so ferociously. Burwick was a LV 1 warrior like Zhang Tie, so being this outmatched in fighting skills without any third party’s assistance - he could blame nobody else but himself. If this thing was exposed to the public, he would lose his face too.

More than that, Zhang Tie would never suffer any blame since the winners were never put at fault. When Burwick had completely lost his ability to fight back, Zhang Tie had even left him alive, which represented his generosity.

As for his miserable look, and him being ferociously beaten by Zhang Tie, Burwick could never keep it a secret as the girls at present were all gossipy. Therefore, it meant that the tall and heroic image Burwick had built for himself since the school would collapse.

Perhaps even Burwick himself hadn’t expected that he would suffer from such an outcome in his trip to the tree base.

Seeing Zhang Tie, the good brother’s face, Barley became startled. Did it mean that he had already expected this result before even jumping up from the ground and starting the attack? Did Zhang Tie just pull Burwick from the supreme point with such a perfect yet unexpected fight?

As for the fight itself, if Zhang Tie had lost it, he would only suffer from some bruises as he had his brothers by his side who would help him at the critical moment. Burwick, who always kept his perfect image, would not hurt him too severely either, at least, he wouldn’t beat him so miserably. However, if Zhang Tie was the winner like now, Burwick would lose everything he owned.

Zhang Tie then smiled at Barley. After exchanging glances, they both knew what the other person was thinking about.

“Leit, brother, I have to bother you to visit the base of the Male Lion Association, letting the guys there know to carry away Burwick. As we have to eat supper after a while, seeing him lying on the ground this way, it would really decrease our appetite. But it wouldn’t be proper for me to go there by myself...” Zhang Tie told Leit with one arm around his neck.

Rolling his eyes, Leit smiled and nodded. At this moment, a good brother like Zhang Tie made him very proud.

“I will go with Leit for the sake of safety!” Bagdad said, standing up.

“Fine, we’ll wait for you to have supper!” Barley also smiled before turning his head to those girls who had not waken up from the reality that their idol had collapsed and deteriorated from a prince to a frog. “Beauties, hurry up and prepare the supper now, we need to celebrate tonight!”

This time, all the girls moved at an unexpectedly fast speed. They all strove to take a part. No matter what, the one who could stomp an idol with his feet was naturally a greater idol, which was rightly the game rule of men world in the eyes of women. After this event, Zhang Tie’s image became taller in the hearts of all the other guys of Hit-Plane Brotherhood and all the girls present.

Nobody would care about Burwick who was already in a coma. Several minutes ago, the girls felt that he was covered with a brilliant golden sunshine. However, this moment, the brilliant sunshine was transferred to Zhang Tie. Girls were smart. Even if they were confused at the beginning, after seeing it for a while, they could also realize something through the fight between Zhang Tie and Burwick.

“What did you say when you beat Burwick just now?” Alice and Beverly asked after drawing close to Zhang Tie.

“Who’s your woman?” Beverly opened her red mouth with a wisp of a smile on her face.

Although Pandora didn’t come here, she was standing nearby with ears erect, clearly listening to the conversation.

Scratching his head, Zhang Tie replied in a foolish way, “Have I said that? But I can’t remember that!”

“Bastard!”

They all burst into laughter...

……

Within an hour, the aroma started to drift off from that big pot under the Dragon-Claw Tree. When the wolf meat kebab on bamboo prods started to drip oil, Leit and Bagdad came back with six students behind them. Compared to the relaxed expressions of Leit and Bagdad, the six guys all had their heads lowered. With faces turning blue, they looked like refugees and felt that they were losing face so much that they almost put their heads next to their crotches.

As the boss of Male Lion Association, Burwick had come to others’ base to persuade them to serve him by isolating one of the brothers. But unexpectedly, he fought against Zhang Tie due to improper words. It would’ve been still okay if he had won—he would’ve keep the honor of Male Lion Association.

However, he was beaten like a dog, even having to wait for others to carry him back and clean his butt. What the hell was he doing. That was too shameful, really losing face. They had never imagined that Burwick could lose face in such a foolish way.

When the guys of Brotherhood were cheerfully chatting and talking with the group of girls, Burwick was lying on the ground to the side like a dead dog. Such an obvious comparison was really expressive, and the six guys following Leit and Bagdad didn’t even dare to raise their heads. After taking out a portable stretcher, they put the unconscious Burwick onto it and hurried to leave.

Taking out six pieces of barbecued wolf meat, Barley covered them with tree leaves and handed them to each of the six people. “Brothers should have not eaten supper yet, take it and eat on the way back. Alas, as we are all schoolmates, we didn’t want this happen, however, Burwick is really good at playing tricks. The Male Lion Association has really been just a stepping stone for him to climb up. Watch out, brothers!”

“Zhang Tie, have you beaten Burwick so ferociously just by yourself?” one of the six guys asked loudly.

Sitting by the bonfire, Zhang Tie nodded. He then stood up. “As for this question, you can ask Burwick when he wakes up. By the way, also tell him that if he wasn’t convinced and wants to avenge himself, he can come for me at any time in any place, even a public fight agreed in the Wild Wolf Castle. However, if he dares to use any other mean methods to set me up, or the people beside me, I’ll beat him up ten times as badly as now. I’m not as smart as him, so if I want to kill him, I’ll go directly at him with a dagger! You’d better not let him disguise himself as a savior while stealthily doing dirty things. It’s really tiresome doing that...”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, the six guys didn’t doubt any more. After exchanging glances, they lowered their heads and carried Burwick away.

When supper came under the Dragon-Claw Tree, everybody cheered up.

While eating, Barley suddenly thought of something. He then asked Zhang Tie, “You’ve not carried the mining basket back, does it mean you don’t want to dig mines any longer?”

“Yes, I’ll stop mining from tomorrow!”

Zhang Tie smiled, then turned his head and bit into the fish that was put in front of him by Alice.

“You should’ve done that long ago!” Doug patted his thigh, and all the other brothers nodded.

“I decided to continue the survival training alone from tomorrow onward. Do you remember the two wolves that had escaped in front of us this noon? They were from the same pack that had almost killed me last time. They would have never escaped if I had not jumped into that black hole. Therefore, I will always feel unsuccessful in this survival training if I don’t deal with them and figure out this thing...”

After Zhang Tie stated his plan, it became so quiet that even a needle dropping on the ground could be heard.



* * *





Chapter 119




The last sentence of Zhang Tie’s gave away a lot of information. First, he was prepared to start a loner’s survival training, and second, the three girls being suddenly attacked by the four wolves today was an unexpected event, which shocked the public a lot.

Therefore, in the second half of the supper, the atmosphere became a bit depressed. Although Zhang Tie would have liked to make it more relaxed, none of them was in a good mood.

Dusk fell soon, and it was time to accompany the girls back to the Wild Wolf Castle.

When they arrived at the castle, the other brothers were keeping a distance from Zhang Tie to give him some space to talk with the three girls.

Zhang Tie prepared himself to undo the makeshift package that he was carrying on his back. It looked really large and heavy. As Zhang Tie was not good at packaging items, he just wrapped each one of them with some tarpaulin and kraft paper. All bundled on his back, the items looked pretty cumbersome and were akin to a mining basket full of ores inside.

Since they left the tree base, Zhang Tie had been carrying this huge load. On the way to the Wild Wolf Castle, the three girls didn’t care about it at all. In the depressed atmosphere, they all kept silent, including Zhang Tie. Once he started his loner’s survival training, it meant that the relationship between him and the three girls would come to an end.

After carrying a big load of items from the tree base to the Wild Wolf Castle, even if Zhang Tie had greater strength than before due to mining, he was still sweating all over his forehead.

Before departing, Alice finally opened her mouth to break the silence. “Do you find us boring?” she asked.

“What are you talking about? Hurry up, help me undo the load. I’m so tired, almost dea...”

“If we’re not that boring, why do you prefer to attend the loner’s survival training?” Beverly asked, full of complaints. “No boy would choose a loner’s survival training when he has girlfriends, no matter how great he is!”

Scratching his head, Zhang Tie realized that girls really thought differently than boys. How could they have such weird thoughts? How could he explain this to them?

Seeing Zhang Tie being silent, Alice seemed to become even more angry. Looking pretty cold, instead of having her usual sweet expression, Alice continued, “I know, you think Beverly and I are bad girls because we initially accosted you? You also complained about Pandora’s bad figure. You want to find a girl with as good a frame as that of Beverly and I’s and as good a temperament as that of Pandora’s, am I right?”

“Wench, what are you talking about!” Seeing tears filling their eyes, Zhang Tie, who didn’t know what to say, lost his temper and cursed. “Alice, Beverly, do you know how worried I was about you when I saw wolves chasing after you? The fear on your faces at that moment were deeply engraved into my heart. And you, Pandora, do you know what I was thinking about when I saw a wolf was going to bite your neck? Do you know why I dared to throw my spear towards the wolf at that critical moment? Have you thought about why I was not afraid of hurting you by mistake? Is my throwing skill so perfect?

“If you don’t believe me, you can go ask Barley and the other guys how I’ve performed in throwing before. Pandora, at that moment, I was thinking that if the wolf really bit you, you would definitely lose your life. So I had no other choice but to bet with your life and my own as the wager. If I killed you by mistake, I would also commit a suicide after killing the wolves. However, no matter what, I would never let those beasts just kill you. I could even sacrifice my own life at the critical moment for you, so how can you say that I find you boring?”

“Really? Did you really think that?” Hearing Zhang Tie’s explanation, tears in Pandora’s eyes flowed down like a collapsed river bank. She was really moved. “Did you really want to sacrifice your own life at that moment for me?”

“Really, in my eyes, you are the best. At that moment, I preferred to be bitten by wild wolves instead of you. I would never allow you to be hurt, even slightly. You are all my babies!”

Seeing the three girls full of tears, Zhang Tie embraced them like what he had done at noon. He loudly poured out his genuine thoughts, “Alice, do you know, with you on my side, I felt that it was my happiest night in that bonfire night party. You let me realize that I could be that happy in my life.

“And Beverly, I feel so lucky to have you. I like your nifty and sexy short hair, your smooth skin, and your cute large breasts. Do you know how sexy you are when you show the whites of yours eyes in front of me? Alice and you are the most sacred goddesses in my dreams. These days, I could not help but do many disgusting and terrifying things to you in my mind. I feel too bashful to pour out what I have dreamed to do with you.

“I like how you treat me. Really, I really like your exceedingly fascinating and charming behaviors. I like you flirting with me. You are not only my goddesses, but also the most fascinating and alluring women in my dreams.

“Pandora, you are the angel of luck gifted to me by the God. I swear that you were the first woman whom I had a crush on ever since I was born. Do you remember that day when Hista made a joke about you and me when we were bringing our items back. You peered at me and left. At that moment, I was really enamored by you, and that thing below instantly became hard. No other women could do that to me, and what Hista that bastard said was really what I wanted to say. I even wanted to make love with you at that moment. I didn’t feel like your frame was not good at all, I felt like there was a special charm to you...”

Embracing the three girls, Zhang Tie kept pouring out what he wanted to say. He didn’t know how to say sugared words. In his mind, men’s sugared words should be their true emotions about their beloved women. Men should express their admiration and adoration to their beloved women. Only when they were expressing their true emotions were they using sugared words, which were rightly what women liked. All the other words were crap and untrue.

Slightly farther back, the other boys who had accompanied them here were all standing shocked. They kept stealthily glancing at Zhang Tie like watching a god. They had seen tough men, but they had never seen one like Zhang Tie. How could a man embrace three girls and express his love to them one by one? That was too great! That was so great that it could never be matched by anyone else. They really had witnessed a miracle and a legend today!

The move that Zhang Tie had used to embrace the three women was not the most powerful. What was truly powerful were the words that he used to express his love for them.

All the guys who heard what Zhang Tie was saying were shocked so much that they even twisted their mouths and eye corners and spat white foam. They could never believe that a man could express his love to three girls at the same time...

……

That night, Kristine and her sisters were also accompanied back to the Castle by a group of boys with whom they had formed a team. In the past few days, these girls had formed a good relationship with these boys. They had grown closer to each other. When they arrived at the small square outside the Wild Wolf Castle, many boys and girls automatically separated into groups of two, looking for a place in the square to say something.

The boy who was walking together with Kristine looked handsome, elegant, and kind. He also had a good fighting force as he would soon become a LV 1 warrior. From the first sight of Kristine, this man had already been fascinated by her. He took care of her in all aspects.

Kristine also knew the boy’s intentions. To tell the truth, she also had a good feeling about him. However, not knowing the reason, it was just a feeling which could not develop further. She always felt that there was something lacking between them. No matter what, she didn’t feel that expected pounding of the heart.

It was that black-haired boy that she had met in the railway station that had made her heart pound in the past couple of days. She always thought back on how she had kicked him, and that person’s shocking decisiveness when he jumped into the black hole after killing the three wolves. What made her impressed and resentful was that bastard’s pleased look when he had embraced two sexy girls during the bonfire night party.

Unconsciously, Kristine started to grit her teeth, feeling regret about not having kicked him more ferociously back then. She thought that she should have just broken that bastard’s shin so that she wouldn’t need to see his pleased look now.

“Kristine, do you know, since the first time I saw you, your beautiful frame has already fallen into my soft heart like rose seeds. Gradually, they rooted and sprouted, causing each of my spontaneous thoughts of you to smell fragrant...”

The boy who pursued Kristine finally plucked his courage to express his love for her. As for these words, the boy had thought about them for many days, considering them for hundreds of times. At this moment, he felt they would be powerful enough to move her. Unexpectedly, after waiting for quite a while, he still had not received any response. He then glanced at her only to find her recalling something and gritting her teeth.

“Kristine...” The boy hesitated before waking her up.

“Ah, what? What were you saying...” Kristine seemed to have immediately returned from the dream. “Did you talk to me just now? Said anything?”

Seeing the response, the boy immediately stepped back and cried internally. He felt completely wordless, and that sprouted rose seed in his heart withered away...

Right then, they found numerous people gathering in front of them, seemingly watching something...



* * *





Chapter 120




Many people were quietly watching something in front of them. The moment Kristine and that boy walked over there, these guys even put their index fingers onto their mouths, requesting them to keep quiet. Lowering his voice, one guy uttered, “No noise, a brother is so great, he could flirt with three girls at the same time. He’s not a person, definitely a god. Don’t disturb us so we can learn from him...”

Flirt with three girls at the same time? Not only that boy, even Kristine was shocked. The two people could only think of two words - ‘No Way!’. After exchanging glances, they reached a tacit agreement for the first time. Therefore, they both slowed down their steps and moved forward.

They then heard Zhang Tie’s most shameless words to the three girls, “Really, you are all the best in my eyes...”

……

For some reason, his words made the three girls begin crying even harder. As he was embracing them with his hands, he could only kiss their tears away. At this moment, Zhang Tie swore inwardly that he truly treasured and loved them.

When he was kissing their tears, he felt that he was kissing flowers with dew on them. Those flowers were so beautiful, tender, and lovely. Like a gardener who loved flowers so much that he would even turn himself into sh*t to fertilize them, Zhang Tie was also using his most humble fashion to treasure them.

The salty and hot tears became an icy small fish, which started to stiffly swim in his mouth. At some point, Beverly had already bravely kissed Zhang Tie. She stretched her tongue into Zhang Tie’s mouth which really shocked him and made him stiff. He couldn’t do anything but start to suck on her tongue. All in a sudden, Zhang Tie felt Beverly in his right hand became soft all over, followed by her gradually heating up face.

Such an enchanting taste made Zhang Tie so intoxicated that he even closed his eyes. Beverly’s long eyebrows then niftily rubbed Zhang Tie’s face, causing him to feel itchy and become lost in her tenderness.

“I want it too...” Alice, who was on the side, expressed her dissatisfaction by a cold harrumph. Closely followed that, the first small fish swam away, and the second small fish swam in niftily. Being different from the first fish, Alice’s small fish clumsily swam across Zhang Tie’s gingiva, causing him to become numb all over as if an electric current had flown through his body. Then, Zhang Tie turned his own tongue into a small fish too. As a result, the two small fishes started to play in their mouths.

Beverly’s small fish and hot lips just stayed at Zhang Tie’s ear, slightly playing with his earlobe. Her hot breath fanned his face. All of a sudden, Zhang Tie felt that he was going to explode, and that hand around Beverly unconsciously fell onto her sexy buttocks, starting to rub them.

That untamed thing in Zhang Tie’s crotch had long poked onto Pandora’s soft abdomen like an infuriated dragon when Beverly started to kiss him. After knowing that thing was not Zhang Tie’s “dagger”, Pandora also became soft all over. Gluing onto Zhang Tie’s chest, she started to quiver all over and became slightly hotter.

Young boys and girls being seduced by sex would all be fascinated by the pleasures brought by such fascinating swirls and senses. They would forget where they were. They were each other’s only world.

At least Zhang Tie felt like this. At this moment, he had forgotten that he was in the Wild Wolf Square. Although dusk had gradually fallen, there was still a large audience near the square.

At this moment, many male animals and girls were not simply viewing Zhang Tie as a common god; they viewed him as the great creator and the only God. They had never expected to see such a great person like him.

It was really quiet in the surroundings!

It really felt great to kiss them!

Zhang Tie almost forgot time!

“What are you doing?”

Only when the solemn and angry shout reverberated in their ears did the four wake up from that dreaming swirl, faces turning red. Hearing the shout, Zhang Tie was startled all over. He then looked around and found Miss Qili glaring at him with eyes wide open.

If it was anyone else, Zhang Tie might have felt shameful; however, at the sight of this f*cking woman, Zhang Tie immediately became annoyed.

“Miss Qili, we are kissing, haven’t you seen such an obvious fact...” The moment the three girls became restless and wanted to move, they were tightly embraced by Zhang Tie. He raised his head and looked at Miss Qili full of aggression. “You’re a teacher, not a queen; if you want to punish me, you’d better have a proper reason. I don’t remember any law of Blackhot City, any school regulations, or any wartime decree of Andaman Alliance that forbids kissing!”

After saying this, Zhang Tie ignored Miss Qili and said to the three girls, “Come on, babies, let’s continue; let me see, who’s turn now...”

Face turning as red as an apple, Alice was not as brave as Zhang Tie. Seeing Miss Qili staring at him, she immediately pinched Zhang Tie’s waist. Beverly also hurriedly stomped on his foot before moving his hand from her butt.

Zhang Tie didn’t mean to kiss them; instead, he just disguised the kissing by pouting his mouth. He did this to make Miss Qili angry.

Unexpectedly, Pandora became braver than him at this moment. The moment he moved his pouted mouth in front of Pandora, she truly started to kiss him. Putting her arms tightly around him, she stood up on her tiptoes. As a result, another small fish drilled into Zhang Tie’s mouth without any hesitation while her saliva flowed down from her mouth’s corner.

The two of them were so devoted that a “Zi Za” sound could even be heard. The scene really made Alice and Beverly stunned.

So did it make the audience.

Zhang Tie was really shocked at that moment as well. ‘Is this the same bashful Pandora? Her small fish is both shameful and brave, much braver than that of Alice’s and Beverly’s.”

“Pandora?” Like a cat who’s tale been stepped on, Miss Qili immediately raised her voice.

Even hearing her shriek, Pandora’s small fish felt reluctant to leave Zhang Tie’s lips. Finally, in front of all the others, she even cleaned all the saliva around his mouth using her tongue. After that, she smiled at him before using her sleeve to kindly dry his mouth’s corners and kissed his face. Only after doing this did she turn back and calmly faced that woman who had been driven mad. She then politely greeted, “Miss Qili!”

“What were you doing?” Miss Qili angrily shrieked.

“I was kissing my beloved man with all my heart. Isn’t it one of the goals for each girl to find her beloved man in this survival training?” she answered, looking very calm.

“He?”Miss Qili pointed at Zhang Tie and angrily said, “He’s just a shameless, lecherous guy!”

“Miss Qili, you’re wrong. In my heart, he’s a true tough man. He’s kind, responsible, brave, sincere, and not hypocritical. To save my life, he was even ready sacrifice his own. I feel most happy with him. I, Pandora, have never felt that happy before! I could do anything for him!”

“You girls are really muddle-headed. He’s just playing you. Look at the other girls, you’d better not be cheated by him!”

Miss Qili stared at Pandora full of pain, like looking at a lost sheep.

The skinny Pandora revealed a smile. “What if you’re right?

“Even if he has 100 girls, or 1000 girls, I still would like to be played by him and to please him. He’s my beloved man. If he’s happy, I’m then happy too! Alice, Beverly, don’t you agree?”

After exchanging glances with Beverly, Alice also moved her face closer to Zhang Tie’s and started another long kiss. When her mouth left his, a shiny wisp of saliva was even pulled out.

Then, like how Pandora had done, Alice also used her tongue to clean the saliva around Zhang Tie’s mouth. Closely after Alice was Beverly. Being different from the earlier two, this beauty even niftily bit his nose tip after kissing him.

Hearing Pandora’s words, Zhang Tie almost teared up. Alice and Beverly’s braveness also made moed him, causing his tears to come finally come out. Ignoring Miss Qili’s attitude, he bent over Pandora’s body in his arm and fiercely kissed her face after laughing out loudly. The same scene happened with the other two women.

Driven mad, Miss Qili turned back and left without saying anything.

“We were completely on your side, are you satisfied now?”

Beverly the enchanting girl, who had been fully relaxed, lightly bit his face.

“Let us go now, my waist is almost broken!”

Alice also gave him a white eye.

Laughing loudly, Zhang Tie loosened his arms. “At most one month. Wait for me for that time. The next time when you see me, I’m sure you’ll be greatly startled. Believe me, your man will never let you down!”

After saying this, Zhang Tie ignored the surrounding whispers and took out three packages wrapped in oil paper, one for each girl. They were so heavy that the girls could not even hold them without using two hands.

“What’s this?” Alice curiously asked.

“This is the food I’ve prepared for you. It’s enough for one month’s time. Even if I’m going to leave, I won’t let you be hungry!”

“Since they were for us, why didn’t you give them when we were at the tree base. You don’t need to carry such heavy things alone!” Beverly said.

“It’s too heavy, I’ve prepared about 20-30 kg of food for each of you. How could you bear such a load during that long path? Of course, I would carry them for you...”

“Idiot!”

Thinking of Zhang Tie’s sweating look on the way here, Alice’s eyes were filled with tears once again. This man had silently carried 80-90 kg of packaged meat for 5 km of mountainous path only to give them that food. Yet they had thought that the items in the package were prepared for his loner’s survival training and needed to be processed here in the Wild Wolf Castle.

“Oh, yea, and this...”

Saying this, Zhang Tie pulled out three well-polished wolf canines.

“In Chinese belief, the canines from a wild wolf killed by a man using his own hands and worn on that man’s woman’s body would prevent evil from happening. I’ve prepared them for you. I killed that wolf today using only my hands to prepare a canine for each of you...”

Recalling the risky scene whre Zhang Tie had killed the wild wolf using only his hands at noon to prepare a canine for them, the three girls were really moved.

After carefully putting away the canines that Zhang Tie had delicately prepared for them, they hugged him once again, kissing him crazily.

“Well, it’s getting late now, I’ll accompany you in!” Zhang Tie patted the three girls’ shoulders as he accompany them to the outer castle. Standing outside the gate of the inner castle, he confided in them various things before bidding farewell and seeing them off to the inner castle with a great amount of items.

Seeing Pandora’s thin frame disappearing last, Zhang Tie recalled something and shouted loudly, “Pandora...”

She turned back and stared at him.

Zhang Tie only opened his mouth, yet did not say anything—eat more, wait for me to come back!

Pandora seemed to understand it. She then also moved her mouth and replied with no voice—bastard!

Beauty was really the source of happiness!

Zhang Tie became very excited. Humming a tune, he left the Wild Wolf Castle. The moment he walked out of the outer castle, planning to converge with Barley and the other members of the Brotherhood, he suddenly found himself surrounded by many animals. With shiny eyes and excited expressions, these animals stared at him which really startled him.

‘What’s happening, are they going to beat me?’ Zhang Tie wondered inwardly.

“What do you want?” Zhang Tie he asked with a raised voice.

“Master, save me...” An animal rushed forward with cries, hugging Zhang Tie’s leg. He raised his head with tears welling up in his eyes. “I’ve not have a chance to touch a girl’s hand since the start of this survival training. Woe is me, please give me even a single instruction, I don’t want to be alone...”

Wordless, Zhang Tie scratched his head. “Do you want to know why the three girls can love me at the same time?”

Everybody then crazily nodded.

“As men, we should not ask why a girl doesn’t love us; instead, we should ask ourselves, which aspect of us is worth their love.”

Saying this, Zhang Tie felt that his expression was akin to that of Burwick’s.

He hadn’t come up with this phrase himself; instead, he had learned it from Donder. Zhang Tie felt it was proper to use it at this moment. He couldn’t even explain why. He only remembered that he had given away his first kiss to the three girls tonight. Until now, he still didn’t understand how it had developed to this degree.



* * *





Chapter 121




Leaving the group of gaping animals, Zhang Tie met up with the other members of the Brotherhood. At the sight of the admiration in the eyes of the other members of the Brotherhood on him, Zhang Tie felt pretty cool once again.

“How did you do that?” Hista seriously asked Zhang Tie on the way back. “Do you know that you’ve opened a wholly new school tonight in flirting with girls? That is really a great invention!”

“What school have I opened?”

Zhang Tie became amazed.

“Beast school...”

F*ck!

He didn’t know that among the onlookers were some people who had been blessed by the fabricated Ancient Gods Church.

On the second day, the Wild Wolf Castle was filled with various gossip that a tough guy had successfully expressed his love to three girls at the same time.

However, in the mining cave, when the 64 brainwashed guys learnt that Zhang Tie was that tough man, they all became highly spirited. Really, really, that must really be so! That was definitely the effect of Big Blessing Skill. Only Big Blessing Skill could allow an enlightener to successfully express his love to three women at the same time in the same place by using those terrifying words. Besides Zhang Tie, nobody else could do this. That was really a miracle!

Even Zhang Tie didn’t know that what had happened between him and the three girls last night enabled the brainwashed guys to be more certain about the effect of the Big Blessing Skill. They became more pious to the fabricated belief of Ancient Gods Church.

……

On the second morning, when the guys in the mining cave were spreading the ‘miracle’ of the enlightener, many things happened across the Wild Wolf Castle and the Wild Wolf Valley.

In the tree base, Zhang Tie had long prepared his package to start his loner’s trip in the early morning. His first target for this loner’s survival training was to find and kill the two wild wolves that had escaped him yesterday.

When he left, he was not held back by Barley and the other members of the Brotherhood; instead, they all stood in front of the Dragon-Claw Tree and stared blankly at the six small holes made in a straight line on the trunk. Besides the members of the Brotherhood, nobody else knew how the six small holes came into being.

In Wild Wolf Castle, when Pandora woke up, she found the other girls’ eyes on her were different than before. Previously, all the other girls’ eyes were filled with indifference. However, now Pandora saw a wisp of admiration and envy mixed in with that indifference. Yes, it was admiration and envy. Ever since she was born, she had never seen anyone staring at her with such an expression.

……

“I heard Pandora became the first partner of Zhang Tie in this survival training...”

“Yes, I heard that Zhang Tie expressed his love to her on the Wild Wolf Square!”

“I really cannot understand it, why did Zhang Tie choose Pandora. She cannot match me in any aspect, including figure and looks. Why not choose me?”

“Don’t forget it, Zhang Tie is also accompanied by Alice and Beverly!”

“What else do the two b*tches have besides their faces. I also have a good figure. I can also do what they can!”

“But they’re braver than us. I heard those naive boys all like such coquettish girls.”

“Do you think it’s still timely for me to be coquettish now?”

“I’m afraid now...”

“Why?”

“Because those women of Rose Association have already occupied the positions in front of you. Can you match those b*tches who pretend to be innocent...”

In the washroom, Pandora closed the door and supported her lovely face with her hands. Sitting on the lid of the washing bowl, she silently listened to the discussion of the girls outside the door. After they left, she took out of the wolf canine that had been gifted by Zhang Tie. Holding it, she carefully looked at it with a wisp of a smile on her face.

……

Coming out of the washroom, Pandora encountered Alice and Beverly.

“Pandora, we might have made that guy too great last night!”

Alice looked a bit worried.

“We made him well-known!”

“We stirred up big trouble for ourselves. The more well-known he is, the more popular he’ll be among other girls. This is a war between girls, we’d better not lose it!”

Beverly also frowned slightly.

“Whatever, I’ve said that even if he has 100 women, I’ll never mind it!”

Pandora gave them a smile.

“You really aren’t worried about that?”

Both Alice and Beverly stared at Pandora with a bit amazement.

“Do you think other girls still have any chance to be close to him?” she asked them.

Alice and Beverly exchanged glances. “Humph, that guy belongs to us. If he dares to have other thoughts when he comes back, we’ll deal with him together!”

The three girls then giggled...

……

Being different from the three girls, there were two women who felt bad in the early morning. One was Kristine, and the other Miss Qili. The moment they thought back on how Zhang Tie had shamelessly expressed his love to the three girls last night in the Wild Wolf Square, they would feel blood rush to their heads.

Kristine regretted that she had not kicked Zhang Tie more ferociously, while Miss Qili regretted that she didn’t throw this guy behind the bars in the underground prison of Wild Wolf Castle when she saw this villainous act in the square and kept him there until the end of this survival training.

‘How could there be such a villain in this world!’

Two women started to curse Zhang Tie inwardly. How did he dare to do this? One of the two women believed that this villain must have silently done many more ‘terrifying and disgusting things’ to her in his mind in these days; the other became worried about him doing ‘terrifying and disgusting things’ to more girls. They then both became infuriated about him at the same time.

Seeing Miss Qili’s extremely icy face, all the teachers of Temporary Supervision Committee chose to stay away from her. However, careless Captain Kerlin seemed to know nothing at all. In the early morning, when he saw Miss Qili, he even initially greeted her.

Unexpectedly, he was rewarded with a ferocious glare from Miss Qili. She then turned her face and left, ignoring him, which really made Captain Kerlin dejected.

“What happened to that women?”

He innocently rubbed his mane-covered head with his hand. Everybody then shrugged their shoulders. Right then, at the sight of Zerom walking towards him with a weird expression, Captain Kerlin immediately knew that something must have happened.

“Male Lion Association had been disbanded...” As teachers of Temporary Supervision Committee, they naturally knew well about the situation of greater teams among the students. “You would never guess how it came to be!”

“Hahaha, they’d better be disbanded in case they go to die by themselves in the Crescent Prairie, and I have to clean their butts...” Captain Kerlin laughed out loudly before asking out of curiosity, “How?”

“Burwick went for Zhang Tie yesterday. Then, something happened to them, and the Male Lion Association was disbanded this morning!”

Zerom then told Captain Kerlin about what had happened last night between Zhang Tie and Burwick. Hearing Zerom’s description, let alone Captain Kerlin, even the other teachers beside them, became amazed and started to exchange glances with each other.

“Samira first, then Burwick. Is this Zhang Tie really the natural-born enemy of mean people? How could those guys who wanted to set him up are all being beaten back to their original form? Captain Kerlin, there’s really a sharp one in your school this year!”

“Of course! Back in school, I’ve already found this Zhang Tie outstanding. He could always surprise me. From then on, I’ve meant to cultivate him!” Captain Kerlin calmly replied. “Unexpectedly, he really didn’t let me down! Zerom, where’s that brat? As he has solved the problem of the Male Lion Association and let them calm down, I really want to give him a reward!”

“I’m afraid that you won’t find him now!” Zerom said, shaking his head.

“Why?”

“Because that guy has already started the loner’s survival training!”

“What?” Everybody became shocked once again, including Captain Kerlin. “A LV 1 warrior was brave enough to start a loner’s survival training? Does it mean that there will be another loner among the students besides Blues?”

“I don’t know why he is that confident, either!” Zerom shrugged his shoulders. “Maybe he’ll come back in a couple of days when he can no longer suffer it. Otherwise, he might create another miracle this time. It’s really hard to say...” Zerom casually explained with a wisp of cunningness in his eyes.

“How about betting on the time of Zhang Tie’s arrival?” a teacher suddenly proposed.

When there were no students near them, teachers of Temporary Supervision Committee actually didn’t pretend to be solemn at all. Hearing this suggestion, Zerom smiled.

“Fine, what's the wager?” someone immediately asked.

“Two gold coins for each person, for whether he comes back in one week, two weeks, three weeks or after three...”

“Fine!”

More than ten teachers agreed immediately. After closing the door, they started to sign and put their thumbs’ prints. After that, they took out the gold coins and left the receipts. Most teachers bet that Zhang Tie would come back in around 1-2 weeks. Only two teachers bet that he would stand 3 weeks, recalling his performance against Samira.

“Zerom, how long do you think that Zhang Tie can stand outside alone?”

“Even if most of you think that brat won’t be able to stand three weeks, I’ll choose more than three weeks!” Saying this, Zerom dropped two gold coins.

“What about you, Captain Kerlin?”

Seeing the more than 20 brilliant gold coins, the one-eyed man rolled his eyes before glancing at Zerom. “I will also choose more than three weeks!”

Seeing Zerom’s mouth corner twitch slightly, Captain Kerlin was even more certain that Zerom was really cunning. ‘But I, the Captain Kerlin, am not an idiot either. This time, I’ll follow that cunning guy and may enjoy another surprise from this brat. Heh… heh...’

……

When a group of laughing teachers were betting in the office of the Wild Wolf Castle, several other events happened in the Wild Wolf Valley.

Less than two hours after Zhang Tie had left the tree base, a group of girls from Rose Association arrived. Their arrival made the girls who had already formed a team with the Brotherhood feel like they faced a great enemy.

When they arrived, Doug was left alone in the tree base while the other members were off to collect their prey from the traps. Seeing those girls from Rose Association, Doug’s saliva poured like a stream.

Of course, they were here for Zhang Tie. After a casual talk, they learned that he had left. Hearing that he had started a loner’s survival training, they became both shocked and disappointed.

Before leaving, a beautiful girl in Rose Association told Doug, “When Zhang Tie comes back, please tell him that Angel, who had picked pine nuts together with him, had come here for him!”

Doug nodded like an idiot.

Therefore, by noon, the whole Wild Wolf Castle teemed with gossip that Zhang Tie would be the second loner, next to Archer Blues. By then, Zhang Tie’s name had started to become brilliant among all the students attending this survival training.

However, when Zhang Tie’s name became begun to shine, Burwick’s name was gradually forgotten...

In the base of Male Lion Association.

Although the broken ribs had been wrapped and dealt with once again, the marks on Burwick’s face from the ferocious beating could not be eliminated in a short time, after just one night’s rest.

Burwick who had panda eyes—one big, one small—numbly stood at the entrance of the mountain cave, hoping that the last members of Male Lion Association would stay. Perhaps because he looked too miserable at this moment as he completely looked like a pig head, any words coming out of his mouth sounded funny.

This time, his eloquence was useless.

The Male Lion Association, which seemed to lack morality after being shocked by Samira’s event, fully collapsed. Ignoring Burwick’s meanness by targeting the members of Brotherhood to join the Male Lion Association in front of the girls and inviting Zhang Tie to be the vice head of the Male Lion Association, it was an indisputable fact that Burwick had been ferociously beaten by Zhang Tie like a dead dog. Such a miserable fact was enough to completely destroy the small halo on Burwick’s head since nobody wanted to follow loser’s orders.

The Male Lion Association didn’t completely disband and disappear as many members spontaneously gathered together to hunt prey like before. But this time, Burwick was excluded.

Standing in the base of the Male Lion Association alone for awhile, Burwick finally chuckled like a lunatic. He chuckled in a low voice at first, but then it turned to laughter, and finally wolf cries. Hearing those cries, people would definitely feel creeped out...

“Zhang Tie...”

A miserable wolf howl reverberated from the base of the Male Lion Association.



* * *





Chapter 122




Like what had happened the first time, the Leakless Fruit’s fire-dragon-shaped energy polished the burning point on his rear end. Zhang Tie felt that that burning point was suddenly radiating stronger purple light while the purple swirl was gradually becoming larger than before.

Later on, without any obstacles, when the purple light reached its maximum, another ‘boom’ resounded in Zhang Tie’s mind. The purple light ball exploded and became a light purple rain. After a transient darkness and silence, a dim flame appeared on the burning point on his rear end. After that, the flame gradually enlarged, constantly transferring its light and heat to the surrounding darkness and coldness, making Zhang Tie comfortable all over.

When the first burning point on his rear end was lit, Zhang Tie felt like he had suddenly opened a huge iron lock that weighed several hundred kilograms. Previously, the huge iron lock hung on his rear end. Today, after suddenly opening that heavy lock and taking it away, Zhang Tie instantly felt relaxed.

This moment was anticipated for a long time. He felt relaxed by unloading such a heavy burden. He felt so light that he could almost fly in the air.

This feeling was pretty cool!

As backbones were connected in a line, so were those burning points on the backbones. Almost the moment the burning point was lit on the rear end, Zhang Tie felt that the second burning point on the first bone of his backbone above his rear end started to be connected with that burning point he’d just ignited. The Leakless Fruit, which had just started to exert its effect on his body, immediately charged at that second burning point above his rear end like a gundog or a huge boa who had found its target.

Then, the second burning point above Zhang Tie’s rear end started to radiate light...

More than 20 minutes had passed, during which Zhang Tie’s body slightly shook twice. When this Leakless Fruit was fully consumed, Zhang Tie had not only lit the burning point on his rear end, but also had been successfully promoted to a LV 2 warrior. Even the second burning point above that one on his rear end started to radiate bright orange light.

Sitting under the Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree, Zhang Tie finally opened his eyes full of pleasure. Picking himself up from the ground under the small tree, Zhang Tie slightly moved his limbs. Accompanied by crispy sounds arisen from bones was a sense full of energy from both inside and outside, causing Zhang Tie so much excitement that he even shouted out loudly.

Captain Kerlin said that when the burning points on one’s backbones were lit, Strength of Qi, Strength of Blood, Strength of Vein, Strength of Channel, Strength of Bone, Strength of Marrow and Strength of God within one’s body would gradually come into being. Afterwards, one would gradually experience that sense of relaxation full of strength. Now, Zhang Tie finally understood why Glaze’s physique was so much greater than the others’ when he was a LV 2 warrior.

After slightly moving his limbs, Zhang Tie started to run in the spacious field of Castle of Black Iron. He kept running to familiarise himself with this new-born energy in his body.

He learned it at school that after one burning point on your backbone was lit, you should run and move for half an hour to adapt to this new-born energy within your body as fast as possible. Teachers called this ‘commissioning’. This was akin to the situation where after new machines like steam engines left factory, you were advised to operate them several times so that the gears and oil cylinders could fully polish each other. This was beneficial to its successful continued operating.

At the beginning, Zhang Tie didn’t run too fast. However, after running for a while, he felt his bones and muscles were undergoing slight adjustments, accompanied by that gradually obvious relaxation and increasing strength. Therefore, Zhang Tie in time quickened his pace in Castle of Black Iron.

The perimeter of the land in Castle of Black Iron was about 3000 m. It was the first time for Zhang Tie to find running interesting. After alighting the burning point on his rear end, he felt like he had lost a heavy lock that held his strength which now kept flowing out like a delicate gurgling spring through his body. That spring seemed to be under his feet, making him feel so agile.

After running one lap, Zhang Tie increased his pace a bit. Within the Castle of Black Iron, he kept running fast, like a child who had just learned how to run.

In Castle of Black Iron, many sparse green patches could already be seen. The cornstalks of the niblets that Zhang Tie had sowed before had already grown higher than 1 m, while the corncobs looked pretty well. Additionally, the stems and leaves of soybeans, sweet tomatoes, turnips, and pumpkins could also be seen.

From the seeds that had been gifted by Grandma Teresa, the hygrophila polysperma seeds grew best as they had already formed several green carpets in Castle of Black Iron. Seeds like those of morning glory, olive, ligustrum obtusifolium, photinia frase, honey pear, walnuts, and other kinds of plants that Zhang Tie had collected during the survival training were also growing very well.

Even the tender sprouts of pine seeds that Zhang Tie had sowed several days ago had already drilled out as high as the thickness of one’s index finger. The entire Castle of Black Iron was gradually becoming a world full of vitality. At the same time, the aura value points in Castle of Black Iron also surged along with the growth of these plants.

After running for more than 20 minutes, Zhang Tie gradually adapted to the new strength. After a short rest, he started to practice ‘Lying Tiger Move’, a basic skill of Iron-Blood Fist, by lying on the ground like a tiger.

This time, Zhang Tie exerted all of his effort as he gritted his teeth and kept that position until each muscle on his body started to quiver, and he could no longer hold on. He estimated that this time he had lasted for about 17-20 minutes—a great improvement compared to before. An increase of persistent time when using ‘Lying Tiger Move’ indicated that his strength and endurance had also improved a lot after lighting the burning point on his rear end.

After practicing, Zhang Tie stood up. Merely after half a minute’s rest, the ‘Lying Tiger Move’ had already started to show its mysterious effect. Each time after he practiced it, he would feel as energetic as a tiger, including this time. This was how strange the ‘Lying Tiger Move’ was.

Before learning Iron-Blood Fist, Zhang Tie had never imagined that only by sticking to such a simple move could he gain such an amazing effect. As he had heard that the Iron-Blood Fist was passed from Oriental Continent, Zhang Tie started longing for that mysterious place.

Soon after finishing his practice of ‘Lying Tiger Move’, Zhang Tie started to practice 36 free hand moves of Iron-Blood Fist in Castle of Black Iron. After reaching LV 2, his moves looked much more similar to the descriptions on the book.

After his spiritual energy had increased by seven times, Zhang Tie found that his memory had also greatly improved, since he found out that he could completely remember the contents on the Iron-Blood Fist Skill after only skimming through them once. Therefore, Zhang Tie left the book to Barley and the other members of the Brotherhood as he set off for a loner’s survival training.

After practicing the 36 free hand moves of Iron-Blood Fist Skill, Zhang Tie felt that he had completed the ‘commissioning’ and was already familiar with the new-born strength in his body.

At the sight of the lances that he had brought and put under the tree, Zhang Tie thought up an idea. Walking over there, he held a lance in his hand. Soon he felt the strange feeling once again. This time, Zhang Tie tried his best to extend the strange cone-shaped throwing point as far as possible. Right now, that throwing point reached 30-40 m away. Compared to the 30-40 steps of a LV 1 warrior, this distance indicated that Zhang Tie had already improved a lot after reaching LV 2.

With a sound of ‘Sou’, before Zhang Tie’s body had even moved, the lance had already been thrown out and precisely nailed into the location marked by the cone-shaped throwing point, 1 feet into the ground.

“Hahaha...”

Zhang Tie burst out laughing. Walking over there, he pulled that lance out of the ground, cleaned it, and put it back into the capsule. After that, he put the capsule on his back, putting the long sword on his waist, and arranged his package.

Afterwards, he looked at the mysterious small tree in centre of Castle of Black Iron once again. This time, two fruits were already hanging from the tree’s limbs; one was a Leakless Fruit that had already grown for four days, the other was a ripe Iron-Body Fruit. As for the Iron-Body Fruit, Zhang Tie had stimulated it to ripen using a certain method.

A couple of days ago, when he was still at the tree base, Zhang Tie made a drumstick-like thing using a log, some dried grass, and a rabbit hide that he had exchanged from others. Everyday, he would request Pandora to hit him using that drumstick. With the exception of head, face, and key parts of his body, Zhang Tie had truly been ferociously hit many times all over.

Great pains finally led to the ripe Iron-Body Fruit. When he entered Castle of Black Iron just now, Zhang Tie had already noticed it. Previously, he planned to engulf that ripe Iron-Body Fruit along with the Leakless Fruit; however, he was unsure whether he would also suffer from a stomachache several hours after he eating it like last time. If it was the same, it would be inconvenient. Therefore, he decided to wait temporarily. When he found his new base in the evening, he would eat the Iron-Body Fruit.

No matter what, it belonged to him. It would never fly away during those few hours.

Thinking about his, Zhang Tie showed a smile. After locking that strange arch door in his mind, in a few seconds, he disappeared from Castle of Black Iron

……

Two minutes later, Zhang Tie drilled out of an entrance of a mountain cave, the greater part of which had been covered by vines. With the hot sun in the sky, he narrowed his eyes to glance over the surroundings. Giggling, he jumped off the two meter high mountain cave and fell to the ground. Afterwards, he went deeper into the Wild Wolf Valley.

This mountain cave was about 5-6 km away from the tree base. As it was too far away from the Wild Wolf Castle, few people would make it their base. Thus, this mountain cave seemed not to have been lived in. When Zhang Tie had passed by it earlier today, he had slightly looked around before deciding to take the final step towards being a LV 2 warrior here.

When he left the mountain cave, people near the Wild Wolf Castle more than 10 km away were still discussing about how a LV 1 warrior would like to accomplish a loner’s survival training. They could never imagine that Zhang Tie, who had left the tree base five or six hours ago, had already become a LV 2 warrior. What was more, this LV 2 warrior had even mastered a mysterious talent that could not be explained even by him...

After leaving the mountain cave, Zhang Tie started to wander around the Wild Wolf Valley, a stream nearby the tree base. He felt that the two wild wolves were also in the Wild Wolf Valley, and it was the right time for them to deal with their resentment.

……

Almost at the same moment when Zhang Tie had walked out of the mountain cave, several white-bearded old men who were sitting in meditation in a magnificent palace in a mysterious land near the sea more than 20,000 km away to the south of Blackhot City opened their eyes at the same time.

The magnificent palace where the elders sat in meditation showed a time-honored and vigorous atmosphere. Huge pillars and dome beams as high as dozens of meters and as thick as several meters could be seen everywhere. These huge pillars and dome beams were not decorated.

The ground in the palace was paved with a kind of strange dark stones. Four over three meter high gold and violet tripods were put in the four corners of the palace. Whale oil filled those gold and violet tripods which after being lit would lighten up the palace.

Under the flames, two powerful words ‘Huaiyuan Palace’ written on a huge horizontal board on the topmost place belittled the whole palace. Under the two words were a 20-m high metal statue. The metal figure was holding a 10-m high large bow and looking far away. It was set to shoot an arrow whose head was pointing at the central axis of the palace, namely the entrance.

The entire statue looked unprecedentedly brave. For people entering the palace, the moment they caught sight of it, they would be shocked both inwardly and outwardly and feel an impulsion to kneel down under the long bow.

In front of the feet of the huge figure, rows of temporary memorial tablets were placed, each row lower than the previous one. In total, there were more than 10,000 memorial tablets in more than 20 rows erected under the feet of the huge statue.

There was an altar beneath these tablets, in the center of which was a one meter high black yet translucent crystal without any impurities in it. If Zhang Tie was here and caught a sight of that huge black crystal, he would definitely be amazed.

At this moment, what was happening on the huge black crystal caused all the elders sitting around it to open their eyes.

A fist-sized blood ball seemed to be rolling over in the huge black crystal. The blood ball radiated bright red lights which kept rolling together with tadpole-like runes. In time, the runes finally gathered and rolled to the top of the black crystal, aiming to turn into a pattern.

“It seems that another young apprentice in our clan has awakened an ancestral bloodline...”

All the elders were looking at that scene with smiles. At their age, it had already become their biggest interest to enjoy such scenes. For a group of elders, nothing could be happier than to see their posterity grow up.

Under their smiles and loving gazes, only after the time it takes for a person to inhale a couple times did the pattern gathered by those rolling red runes finally become a red lance and stopped changing.

“That’s not bad...” A senior nodded with a smile. “Although what he has awakened is not one of the most powerful bloodlines among our Zhang ancestral bloodline, if he can apply this ‘precise throwing’ bloodline pretty well, he can also gain unexpected achievements...”

Saying this, that senior seriously gazed at the lance which was composed of numerous red runes before nodding once again. “That’s not bad, he’s only 15 years old, has just lit the burning point on his rear end, and triggered his Strength of Qi and Strength of Blood, causing the Blood-Soul Crystal to sense his situation. Although he lit his burning points a bit slowly, he has not awakened this bloodline too late. All in all, he was average and can be shaped. Brother Mu An, what do you think?”

“Of course my younger brother Mu En’s words are right...” Another senior laughed out loudly, filled with pride. “Our ancestor Duke Huaiyuan was a descendant of Zhang clan’s direct line in the Oriental Continent. Of course his bloodline would be good enough. Let’s bring this brat here to check his mentality. If there are no problems with him, we will let this brat enter the Huaiyuan Palace to worship our ancestors. If we make an effort to cultivate him, he might be able to make great contributions in the future!”

“Fine!”

Other elders nodded, smiling. Then, that senior who had posed the suggestion took out of a jade clip and tenderly flicked it, causing a clear sound to reverberate through the palace.

Before the sound caused by the flicking of the jade clip disappeared, a person came out of nowhere and knelt down in front of the cattail hassocks where the elders were sitting.

“Zhang Shun greets elders, what can I do for you?”

“A 15-year-old apprentice in our clan has lit the burning point on his rear end. The Blood-Soul Crystal sensed that he had already awakened an ancestral bloodline. This is a happy event for Huaiyuan Palace. Go and bring him here. We will have a look at him...” that senior who had flicked on the jade clip calmly ordered.

“Got it...” Standing up, that man crossed his fists and leveled them above his head. Still half-bowed, he exited the palace.

In the magnificent palace, all the elders stared at that gradually disappearing red lance in the Blood-Soul Crystal before closing their eyes one by one.

……

Barely two hours later, that man who had exited came back again and piously knelt down in front of the old men like before.

“Respected elders, across Huaiyuan Palace’s 8 cities, there are 1761 apprentices at the age of 15 in the family tree of Zhang’s clan, including the nine people who were exiled far away. Recently there were 23 people who had lit the burning point on their rear end. However, after investigation, it was seen that nobody among them has awakened their ancestral bloodline!”

Zhang Shun’s reply drifted through the palace, causing the elders to open their eyes once again. After exchanging glances, they found a wisp of amazement and anger in each others’ eyes when they heard that a direct descendent of Duke Huaiyuan neither lived in cities of Huaiyuan Palace nor was recorded in the family tree of Zhang’s clan. That shouldn’t be true!

Even the names of children of criminals being punished or sentenced to a death penalty due to great crimes would still be recorded on the family tree by Clan Shrine. For those people’s family tree, there were even exclusive archives in the Clan Shrine, which were named as Criminal Record. It was strictly managed that even marriage, funeral ceremony, and delivery would be exclusively recorded by people in Clan Shrine.

However, a direct descendent of Duke Huaiyuan could not be found on the family tree! That would make them a great laughing stock. The human line was the root of the clan line. If anything happened to the human line, it would be very serious. As a palace of four tripods which represented the stable development of Huaiyuan Palace, hearing the report, the elders of Huaiyuan Palace naturally became infuriated as they felt like they were being slapped by others.

“Check it, check it out...”

An angry order reverberated in the palace. As a result, an invisible heavy wind seemed to blow over the entire magnificent palace, causing the flames in the four huge tripods to waver and flicker like a burning match that was about to be snuffed out by an invisible hand every now and then...

Zhang Tie didn’t know that the moment he had lit the burning point on his rear end, a huge storm arose in a remote place...

……



* * *





Chapter 123




God would never allow for all to be well. The second rain in June also arrived very abruptly. On the next morning after Zhang Tie left the tree base, at 4-5 am, the rolling thunder in the sky awoke him. But before he could finish packing up his sleeping bag, the heavy storm started to pour down with a sound of ‘Huala Huala’.

In Wild Wolf Valley, one could not easily find a proper mountain cave or tree hole to take a rest in. Zhang Tie was now about 15 km away from Wild Wolf Castle itself. In order to seek for the two beasts, he had kept trekking through weeds, shrubs, and over stones.

Last night, he had slept on a pile of stones. Between two huge ones there was a slightly higher place where he could lie on. Zhang Tie used his long sword to cut off a pile of weeds and put them over the ground. After that, he cut off some lush shrubs to cover the space between the two stones at the top to shelter him from wind. Finally, he sprayed some powder around himself to drive away insects and snakes. Afterwards, he laid down his sleeping bag on the ground, got in, and went to sleep.

Although lying on the ground, Zhang Tie didn’t actually sleep well at night. Even if the powder could prevent the snakes and insects from approaching him, it could never hold back ferocious carnivores like wild wolves. And because he didn’t want to become food for wild beasts, he always remained alert.

This was his first time experiencing camping alone. When midnight came, it was not only cold, but also filled with weird sounds that always caused Zhang Tie to overreact by pulling out his long sword and jumping up from the ground as each time he would think it was a ferocious beast drawing near.

As a result, he was almost driven mad by the huge consumption of his spiritual energy and physical strength. When he was in Donder’s grocery store, Zhang Tie had learned from some pioneers that a mutated army ant’s feces could be used to shock most of ferocious beasts. However, it could only be gotten from a deserted anthill of army ants.

Therefore, sometimes, even if you knew what stuff could be used to hold back ferocious beasts, it would still be useless as God would not coincidentally provide you the right thing at the critical moment. In contrast, when you slept in the wild and needed help, God might even bring you more trouble by starting a pouring rain.

Last night, Zhang Tie, who regarded Castle of Black Iron as his top secret, would naturally not access it in the wild as his secret might be exposed. Therefore, the second ripe Iron-Body Fruit was still hanging on that small tree in Castle of Black Iron.

“F*ck!”

Before he was finished with packing up his sleeping bag, rain drops had already fallen onto Zhang Tie’s face. He had to hurry up. Soon after he packed up, the heavy rain poured down.

By the time he put on his raincoat, some of his clothes were already wet. He then hurriedly rushed towards the foot of a precipice farther away. But after several steps, he remembered that he had left his long sword on the ground where he had slept last night. He had put it beside himself before going to sleep last night so that he could more easily attack any ferocious beasts that might chance upon him.

Due to weariness and slight darkness, he had almost forgotten it. So he ran back to pick it up. Finally, he walked towards that place at the foot of the precipice where he could avoid being wet like an escaping mouse driven by raindrops.

That foot of the precipice was about 1 km away from where Zhang Tie had slept. The path was also rugged and muddy in the valley. Therefore, it took Zhang Tie about five minutes to arrive there. By then, half of his trousers and coat were soaked.

Staring at the dim sky from under the precipice, Zhang Tie pulled out of a bit of dried meat to supplement his physical strength. This time, he only took about five kilograms of dried meat. As to the other food, he gift it all to Pandora, Beverly, and Alice.

He did this to test whether he had the ability to complete the loners’ survival training. Although he could avoid being drenched by rain under the precipice, the scattered rain drops could still blow into his face. Itchy, it felt like how Beverly had niftily brushed his face using her eyelashes. He then thought back to Alice and Pandora, and the small golden fishes of the three girls in his mouth, and Pandora’s unexpected kiss that night. She was the one who moved him most that night.

Unknown when, that restless thing in his crotch had already become as hard as iron.

‘I really wonder how they are today’, Zhang Tie mumbled in the direction of Wild Wolf Castle behind a pitch-dark heavy rain curtain in front of him.

Zhang Tie didn’t know whether this was his desire or love for them since there was no essential difference between them. The alleged love and desire were fabricated by those bored literate men and noble Mrs.’ and girls.

Zhang Tie hoped his girls would live well and be happy; he didn’t want to see them suffer from any harm. He wanted to treat them well, but he was also impulsive and desired to do ‘terrifying and disgusting’ things to them. This was how he truly felt, whatever it was called.

It rained heavily and lasted for about four to five hours before easing off not long before dawn. Rainwater rushed into the river of the Wild Wolf Valley along with streams and water in the ravine, causing the river in the valley to rise greatly. Then, the murky river rushed downwards to the lower reach, picking up some dried twigs and leaves. The road in the valley became very muddy and rugged; some places were even slippery while puddles could be seen everywhere.

When the rain slightly eased off, seeing day had broken, Zhang Tie, who had been stomping for two hours and squatting for another two under the precipice immediately ran out of it with a raincoat on his body. The dense clouds in the sky didn’t seem like they would dissipate soon.

Not knowing when it would stop, in case of encountering another heavier rain, Zhang Tie became keen to find a dry place to sleep at night. It would be better if it was a mountain cave or a tree hole like that tree house near the Wild Wolf Castle. However, such places were hard to be found.

After walking for more than an hour in the rain, during which the drizzle gradually developed into a mizzle and then heavy rain again, Zhang Tie finally found a deserted mining hole at the foot of a mountain more than three kilometers away from where he had stayed. Someone seemed to have tried to open a mine here; however, after digging for less than 10 m, they could not find what they needed and stopped, leaving a shallow mining cave which could be easily seen from outside. But although it was not a hidden place, it was already a paradise for Zhang Tie, who was hurriedly looking for a base.

When he entered, he found someone had once lived in here as there were some scattered dried wood and grass, and traces of ashes on the ground. At the sight of dried wood, Zhang Tie immediately became spirited. He had never imagined that he could be that happy at the sight of dried wood.

After taking off the raincoat and spreading it over a stone to dry it, Zhang Tie put down his package and luggage on a dry place and put his lance container close to the entrance where he could easily reach in an emergency. After that, he pulled out a flint lighter and gathered a pile of dried grass and wood. Soon after, he set a fire in the cave. Due to its heat, water on his wet coat and trousers started to vaporize.

Seeing the heavy rain pouring down again outside the mountain cave, Zhang Tie suddenly felt happy. Sometimes, one could feel happy so easily. If it was heavily raining outside, and you were not drenched by the rain but could sit around a fire, you would feel happy.

Zhang Tie baked a dried meat slice above the fire. After a short while, the whole mountain cave started to be filled with the fragrance of meat.

‘If only Pandora, Beverly, and Alice were here.’ An ‘obscene’ idea flashed across his mind. ‘In such a bad weather and inside an uninhabited mountain cave, besides warming ourselves around a fire, we could also do something more meaningful, hehhehhehheh...’

While various weird ideas were flashing in Zhang Tie’s mind, a person in a kelly raincoat rushed into the cave along with wind and rainwater. When he rushed in, he had never expected that there would be someone else inside. So did Zhang Tie.

After exchanging glances, the two became slightly stunned. They then made the similar response - Zhang Tie grabbed his long sword while that man swung the raincoat out of his way and put an arrow on his longbow’s string.

Zhang Tie didn’t pull out his sword out of its sheath while that person didn’t pull back his long bow, either. With sword sheath’s tip and an arrowhead facing each other, they stared at one another with eyes wide open.

At the sight of that longbow and his age, Zhang Tie suddenly recalled a name. “You’re… Blues?”

That person became slightly stunned, but his face remained relaxed, although he hadn’t put away his bow. “You’re a student attending this survival training?”

“Of course, otherwise, how could I know your name. The Archer Blues, you are well known across the Wild Wolf Castle!” Zhang Tie laughed out loudly as he put his long sword to one side of his foot.

Seeing Zhang Tie’s response, Blues also let out a breath and put away his longbow.

“How could you be here?”

They asked the same question in unison. Realizing that, they glanced at each other and found that both of them were scratching their heads. They burst out laughing and the atmosphere in the cave immediately became relaxed.

“I- I’m chasing two wolves and trying to challenge the loner’s survival training!”

Seeing Blues being a bit introverted, Zhang Tie opened his mouth and poured out the true reason without any hesitation. He thought it was not necessary to hide the truth as he estimated that his deed must have already been spread everywhere across the Wild Wolf Castle. “What about you?”

“I prepared these dried grass and wood for myself...”

“Well, I owe you this time, then. Here you are, this is my rent...”

Zhang Tie passed that roasted dried meat slice to Blues.

Seeing Zhang Tie stretching out his hand towards him, Blues accepted the fragrant golden-roasted dried meat slice. “Thanks, but what will you eat if I take this...”

“Never mind, I have more...”

Saying this, Zhang Tie pulled out another slice from his package, and holding it with two wooden sticks, put it close to the fire. Seeing Zhang Tie pulling out another piece, Blues started to nibble on the slice in his hand...

After determining his personality, Zhang Tie mumbled inwardly, ‘Although this guy is a bit introverted, he doesn’t seem bad!’

“Could you tell me about the two wolves that you’re hunting for? Maybe I can help you!” Blues said sincerely after eating that dried meat slice given by Zhang Tie

So Zhang Tie poured out all the information about those wolves without any hesitation, including the event where he almost lost his life when he encountered them for the first time and the one where the wolves almost hurt Pandora, Beverly, and Alice a couple of days ago.

“Does one wolf among them have a circle of brownish red fur and a defected ear?” Blues asked after thinking for a while.

“You’ve seen the two wolves?”

“I saw them yesterday, when they passed by dozens of meters in front of me. I was on a tree, aiming to hunt huge wolves. As I was afraid of scaring away the huge wolves, I let them go in front of my eyes. They disappear behind a hillside not far away and never reappeared after, so I estimate that their den might be there...”

Hearing Blues’ words, Zhang Tie became highly spirited.



* * *





Chapter 124




It was always heard across the Wild Wolf Castle that Archer Blues had an eccentric personality and liked to move alone. Before encountering him, Zhang Tie also thought that the gossip was true; however, after encountering him, he found out that Blues was just a bit more introverted and was not good at human relationships, yet he was not bad. Although he was not good at speaking, as long as the topic was what he liked or knew, he would always feel pleasant to communicate with. One of such topics, for example, was how to face a loner’s survival training.

Blues imparted many experiences about loner’s survival training to Zhang Tie. For example, many people thought that people who completed loner’s survival training would drift around casually like the wind. But actually, it wasn’t true. Real loners always had fixed bases. Especially 20 km away from Wild Wolf Castle, loners’ moving radius would not be over 5 km away from their base.

During survival training, loners should firstly find a safe base instead of prey. Especially for students attending this survival training who had poor strength, it was of great significance for them to find a safe base where they could have a good night’s sleep. This was almost the key point for a person to complete his loner’s survival training.

After fixing the base, the loner should find a few more bases based on this one. This way, the loner could constantly expand his moving radius. Therefore, the public opinion that loners all chose to stay wherever they wanted was actually a misunderstanding.

“If we casually chose bases like what the public thought, we, Lv 2 or Lv 3 warriors, at most would hardly stick to three days in the wild. If you didn’t fix a base before you moved, even if you were lucky enough not to meet any high-level beasts who might kill you, how would you sleep at night?

“You have to be alert when you sleep, however if you cannot sleep well for three consecutive days, your spiritual energy will be exhausted, and your physical strength and ability to respond would decline. If you continued your loner’s survival training in this state, you would commit a chronic suicide. If you didn’t have a fixed base before moving, you would definitely become sick overnight in such a heavy rain. You could not stand that state for a long time...”

After hearing Blues’ experiences, Zhang Tie realized how stupid he was to sleep on the stones in the wild. He thought all loners acted like that, but it wasn’t so. According to Blues, he should have firstly went to find a base after he started the loner’s survival training yesterday, instead of seeking the two beasts which had caused him to have no place to stay in the evening.

What he did yesterday was mostly dangerous and stupid. At the beginning, Zhang Tie had thought that it was a bit of a waste of time to seek for a base so meticulously, but he soon realized that it was actually the most time-saving and efficient way to seek for a base before moving. The more safe bases he could found, the freer he would be. No matter where he was, he should in one hour be able to reach a safe place to take a rest and recover physical strength as well as escape from such a bad weather. Only in this way could he constantly proceed with his loner’s survival training.

When he spoke, Blues even used a twig to draw a map on the ground and told of all the proper bases that he had found in the Wild Wolf Valley to Zhang Tie, enabling him to take a rest in the nearest one. Blues had prepared dried grass and wood in all the above bases. If Zhang Tie had to take a rest in these bases, he was only requested to supplement the dried grass and wood after consuming them in case Blues needed to use it later.

“Do you usually go to the Crescent Prairie alone?”

Given Blues’ tone, Zhang Tie became curious.

“These days, I’ve been wandering in the area between Crescent Prairie and Wild Wolf Valley. Compared to Wild Wolf Valley, Crescent Prairie is more dangerous because it has more wild and magical beasts. Additionally, wild wolves there are always in packs of dozens, or even hundreds of individuals. There are also huge wolves, golden wolves, huge boas, sword-teeth lizards, horn crocodiles, man-eating vultures, and various LV 3, LV 4, and even above LV 5 mutated magical beasts in the Crescent Prairie. Do you know gold-eating boas?”

“Yes, I do!” Zhang Tie nodded.

“Due to the remaining smell of the super magical beasts like gold-eating boas in Wild Wolf Valley, magical beasts above LV 2 don’t dare to draw near to it. When you are in the area between Wild Wolf Valley and the Crescent Prairie, if you meet some beasts that you cannot deal with, you just run into Wild Wolf Valley as fast as possible. Without any special reason, those magical beasts above LV 3 would never follow you in. When you arrive at the Crescent Prairie, you will find that the entire Wild Wolf Valley is our safe area...”

“So why did you come back today?”

“I don’t know why, but yesterday, many people flowed into the Crescent Prairie, many of which were low-level pioneers seeking golden wolves and goose-neck grass. I heard that Blackhot City released a mission, and someone was purchasing the two items at a high price. Six gold coins for one grown-up golden wolf and 80 silver coins to two gold coins for one goose-neck grass. I went to supplement some necessities back in Wild Wolf Castle before returning to the Crescent Prairie to take a chance!”

Golden wolf was a LV 2 living being which was more valuable than other LV 2 living beings. It was valuable because of the following three reasons: first, capturing one alive would be many times more difficult than killing one. The most valuable part on a dead golden wolf would be its fur, which was about dozens of silver coins. Second, there were other higher level magical beasts in the Crescent Prairie which meant other potential dangers when you tried capturing golden wolves there. And third, the lords in Blackhot city became anxious since Samira had messed it up.

They needed these items. Realizing that they could not save their gold coins anymore, they released missions again and let those people who wanted to make money to make their way there at the risk of losing their own lives. The prices weren’t high, only average.

From this, it could be seen how bad Samira was. He had only provided one gold coin to those idiots for one golden wolf and one goose-neck grass, ignoring the life or death situations they migh encounter. That was really a dark-minded man...

Zhang Tie estimated that Blues had not been back in Wild Wolf Castle for many days and might not know what had happened around it, so he told him all about it, including the crisis facing Blackhot City and what had happened to Samira’s Business Group. The latter had not surprised Blues a lot, however, the sudden crisis facing Blackhot City and the sharp deteriorating situation in Andaman Alliance really shocked him for quite a while. It was similar to how the others had responded upon hearings this particular news.

After learning about it, Blues became a bit lost. He then became silent, seemingly thinking about something.

“Sometimes, personal strength is limited and cannot solve all the problems. I have several good brothers back in Wild Wolf Castle. If you have any trouble and need any help, you can go to them. Just tell them you’re my friend, and they’ll definitely help you...”

Zhang Tie then told Blues of where the tree house was situated and the names of the other members of the Brotherhood. He even told him the name of Peter who was working in the Iron Melting Workshop.

He did all this because he liked this guy named Blues and felt that he was a good man. That was karma between people. As for Burwick, no matter how good he was described or how well he did, Zhang Tie just could not feel comfortable around him, instead being unable to wait to stomp on his head ferociously.

In contrast, Zhang Tie felt that Blues was similar to the other members of the Brotherhood and those guys in the Iron Melting Workshop like Peter who were easy to get along with even if they had only met for a short time. At least he was not afraid of being set up by him.

Therefore, Zhang Tie concluded that most people admired by others were not good. Look at Burwick for an example, he was sunny, handsome, open-minded, generous, and had leadership in others’ eyes. However, in truth, he was just a person who only wanted to climb upwards by playing tricks and stepping on others’ heads. In fact, he usually thought about making profit of sacrificing others.

On the other hand, Blues was known as a guy who was arrogant and an indifferent loner. However, he was actually just a social recluse who had few friends and was a bit introverted. He didn’t shut himself off at home but in the wild. Zhang Tie guessed that this guy must have used that to practice his archery to this level.

As for Zhang Tie himself, how was he known in the Wild Wolf Castle? Love Saint or Accosting Expert? Or a scumbag and beast in Miss Qili’s eyes. But God blessed him. When the other students attending this survival training had bid farewell to their status as virgins one by one, Zhang Tie himself was still one. He had not even circumcised. If he was called beast and scumbag, Grandma Teresa would be the first person to disagree. So would the brats in the Orphanage.

Maybe the only one who was similar to how he was described in gossip was Glaze.

Therefore, when he hid in this mountain cave, Zhang Tie came to a conclusion that could influence the rest of his life - before you testify it by yourself, you should not easily trust in others’ gossip about someone. Some gossip might be true, however, some others might be completely opposite.

A man kind-hearted in people’s eyes might be an extremely vicious villain in reality, a god’s pious servant in gossip might be extremely lecherous in reality, an arrogant man might merely be introverted, while a bad guy who was known to indulge in making love to many women might be a coy virgin and an able youth who sent rice soup to an orphanage by tricycle each week.

If so, then what if well-known terrifying old virgins like Miss Qili were thirsty women who deep in their inner hearts extremely desired for a man’s love, concern, the battle and conquest? What if they truly hated men, being afraid of them and awed at the same time? What if they were truly jealous about boys being kind and intimate to girls?

Or they might only be a group of poor women who didn’t know how to seduce men or express their desires. Being icy might be their disguise to test out their man’s dedication and give vent to their inner dissatisfaction? What if someone praised them as beautiful and enchanting women or bravely gave them a Pandora-type hot kiss when seeing them next time?

Zhang Tie was suddenly startled by that thought...

But to tell the truth, Miss Qili did really have a pair of long and sexy legs!

It didn’t stop raining until late night. Because it was already so late when the rain stopped, Zhang Tie gave up on his plan to find the two beasts during the night. Instead, he patiently waited for daybreak.

On the second morning, after putting on the dried clothes and his package, Zhang Tie asked Blues to lead him to the place where he had seen the two beasts.

It was time to end the resentment between him and those beasts...



* * *





Chapter 125




“You really don’t need my help?” Blues seriously asked Zhang Tie after they arrived at the target place. Only after one day and eating Zhang Tie’s dried meat slices two times, Blues had already started treating Zhang Tie as his friend.

“This is the resentment between the two beasts and I, so I have to kill them by myself!” Zhang Tie revealed a smile. “Don’t worry, they were just two fish escaping from the net!”

Seeing that only six lances were left in the container, Blues nodded aware that Zhang Tie had already killed five wild wolves before. He didn’t say anything more. After all, people who dared to try the loner’s survival training should never be afraid of two common wild wolves even if they could not stand such a living environment for a long time.

Even if a LV 1 warrior would never be afraid of two wild wolves. After chatting with Zhang Tie yesterday, Blues had learned that he had already been a LV 1 warrior when he was in Wild Wolf Castle. Judging from his real strength, Blues felt that Zhang Tie was much more powerful than a LV 1 warrior. Therefore, he didn’t ask too much. Neither did Zhang Tie explain anything. After all, people all had their own secrets. Even if they were friends, they didn’t have to pour out everything.

“Watch out for yourself!”

“Fine, we’ill separate here, hope to see you again!” Zhang Tie smiled at him.

“Will you go to the Crescent Prairie after dealing with your things here?”

“Maybe!”

“I met four students from your school in the area between Wild Wolf Valley and Crescent Prairie. One tall guy among them was very sharp. If you want to compete for that recommendation chance with him, you need to do something!” Blues warned Zhang Tie out of kindness after a moment’s consideration.

In Blues’ school, as he was already a LV 2 warrior who excelled in archery, Blues was the most powerful and well-known person who nobody could match. Naturally, any recommendation chance would fall to him.

However, the situation in Zhang Tie’s school was much more sophisticated. In Blues’ eyes, that guy he had met in the area between the Crescent Prairie and the Wild Wolf Valley might be more powerful than him, which meant that that guy would be a most terrifying opponent for Zhang Tie.

Hearing Blues’ words, Zhang Tie’s heart pounded. He was almost certain that it was Glaze’s group. He had never expected them, who had disappeared about one month ago, to be brave enough to try the Crescent Prairie.

He asked some more information about their group, and earing Blues’ description, Zhang Tie was really shocked since he said that he had seen them fight a LV 3 sword-teeth lizard and even win.

Did it mean that Glaze had improved a lot in the past month? This was not good news to Zhang Tie. Thinking of Glaze’s vicious eyes, his heart sped up its beating.

“The sharp guy you had seen is Glaze. There’s a resentment between him and me. The three lackeys of his are Zuhair, Garner, and Sharlon. If you meet them again, be careful. They’re both selfish and vicious!”

“Fine, I will!”

After several more words, the two departed their own ways. Blues walked towards Wild Wolf Castle while Zhang Tie went to find the two beasts.

The place where Blues had led him to was less than 2 km away from the mountain cave where they had hidden in last night. It was a hillside covered with pine trees and cypresses in Wild Wolf Valley. Zhang Tie had already noticed this place yesterday from afar, yet he had never imagined that the two wolves could be here. The hillside was less than 13 km away from Wild Wolf Castle, a bit closer to the mountain cave than where Zhang Tie had taken shelter from rain. That day, Blues had seen the two wolves move behind the hillside and disappear. So he guessed that the two beasts lived there.

Holding a lance, Zhang Tie started to search over the hillside.

Because of yesterday’s heavy rain, the land near the hillside was muddy. Everything looked refreshed. Plants became more verdant, and the air became unprecedentedly fresh.

When Zhang Tie arrived here in the early morning, the rain drops on the weeds were yet to dry. Using the lance, he swept the weeds to clear a path while glancing over the wolf-den like mountain caves and soil caves in the woods and the hillsides. Less than 10 minutes later, Zhang Tie’s trousers had almost been fully soaked by the raindrops on the weeds and other vegetation.

He felt that the two wolves were right here, and he could definitely find them today. Besides, from the two wolves’ eyes, he also believed that the two beasts were looking for him.

It wasn’t a big hillside. After less than 20 minutes, Zhang Tie suddenly smelt a faint odor of rotten meat which was completely different from the surrounding fresh air of the woods. The smell disgusted him. Driven by curiosity, he moved to where the smell was coming from. More than ten steps later, he found the origin of the smell of rotten meat - a hidden mountain cave behind several cypresses 30 m away from him.

It was unknown whether because of the loud noise of his footsteps or some other reason, the moment Zhang Tie saw that mountain cave, a wolf with a circle of brownish red fur and a defected ear walked out of the mountain cave. Being alert, it glanced in the direction where Zhang Tie stood. Soon after, their eyes met and turned red with resentment.

Making a terrifying sound in its throat, the wolf crouched down and exposed its sharp canines. When that wolf released a terrifying growl, its companion rapidly ran out of the mountain cave. They both became alert. After glancing over the surroundings, they confirmed that nobody else but Zhang Tie was here. In a split second, they fixed their glares on him, eyes turning red.

‘F*ck’, Zhang Tie swore inwardly.

He was still confused as to why they glared at him so. He could never think make it out when had he angered them. A doubt was born in his mind that the wolves here were mad. Were there mad ones even among wild wolves? Zhang Tie didn’t know if it was true, but he knew that the two wild wolves had to die today.

“This father is the victim, don’t you know...” Zhang Tie angrily shouted out at the top of his lungs. Before the two wolves could charge at him, he had already surged forward, towards them.

The great disparity between Zhang Tie, a LV 2 warrior, and the two wild wolves, which had not even reached LV 1, determined that the battle of life or death would come to an end in an extremely short moment no matter how big the resentment between them was.

Seeing Zhang Tie surge towards them, the two wolves also rushed forward. However, that moment, Zhang Tie threw his lance. As a result, as fast as a lightning bolt, it directly penetrated through the heart of the second wild wolf and nailed it to the ground, the arrowhead burying itself one foot into the ground.

The front wolf, which had a defected ear, didn’t stop due to its partner’s death. It didn’t escape either, instead, it sped up towards Zhang Tie without any hesitation. Jumping up from the ground, it stretched its claws towards his chest while its sharp canines aiming to bit his neck. That wolf was trying his utmost to do harm to Zhang Tie.

Nevertheless, Zhang Tie didn’t even dodge. He just stretched out his hands and caught the wolf’s claws. With a sound of ‘Ka Cha’, the pair of forelimbs of the wolf were broken, causing it to whimper in pain. Closely after that came another sound of ‘Ka Cha’, which instantly stopped the transient yet painful whimper. This was because after breaking its claws, Zhang Tie pushed its jaw upwards, breaking the neck.

He completed that series of movements fast and without any mistakes. If Captain Kerlin had seen this, he would have raised his thumb to praise him.

Zhang Tie was successful this time because he had fought against the three wild wolves numerous times in the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit during the past days. Countless deaths and constant pain had made his skills of fighting wild wolves to be practical and ferocious.

He loosened his grip, and the last dead wolf fell onto the ground with a sound of ‘Pa Ta’.

The whole process took less than four seconds.

After the last wolf was killed, Zhang Tie felt that the stone suspended in his heart was finally removed. He became fully relaxed and would never have to worry about the two beasts finding trouble with people beside him anymore.

After doing this, Zhang Tie intended to leave. However, the stimulative smell from inside the mountain cave triggered his curiosity again, making him confused as to why the two wolves would live in here.

After thinking for awhile, Zhang Tie covered his mouth using his sleeve and pulled the lance that had nailed the other wild wolf out of the ground. With lance in hand, he bravely entered the mountain cave, aiming to check out what had happened inside.

It was full of dead wolves, big and small. The corpses had already rotten, and were covered with worms. After a quick glance, Zhang Tie judged that they were killed by people. One puppy’s head was even stomped on. After checking the place where the puppy was killed, Zhang Tie found a clear footstep which was half an inch in the ground. It was a huge. He compared it to his own and found that the footprint was at least three sizes larger than his.

The inside of the cave was very disgusting, so after glancing over it as fast as possible, Zhang Tie intended to exit. However, before he exited, his eyes became solemn. He bent over to pick up a rag. Holding it, he immediately walked out of the cave.

After he was far enough away from the disgusting wolf den, Zhang Tie took several deep breaths. However, when his eyes fell onto that rag, his face gradually turned solemn...



* * *





Chapter 126




This was not a rag, but a palm-sized part of a towel which was torn off by a person on purpose. What was weird was that when holding that extremely dirty rag, Zhang Tie felt a sense of familiarity. How could he be familiar with a rag found in a wolf den?

Something flashed across his mind. Zhang Tie became slightly stunned as he remembered that he had lost an old towel he’d used to clean sweat in the locker room at school. He hurriedly turned the rag over. The decorative patterns with loose lines on the back of the rag soon aligned with the decorative patterns of that towel in his memory.

A mountain cave full of dead wolves; a wolf family killed by people; his own towel rag found in the mountain cave; a towel that he had lost at school; Sharlon’s sneer; Glaze’s huge feet; the wolves’ hatred towards him...

All of a sudden, Zhang Tie knew everything, he knew how Glaze’s group had taken their revenge on him. They had stolen his towel in school, then found this wolf den in Wild Wolf Valley and killed all the female wolves and puppies before leaving this rag full of his odor. And since wolves had sensitive smell, they could find him based on the odor of the rag and the road marks set by Glaze’s group using the rest of his towel.

No wonder he always felt like he was being followed those days. It was because Glaze had arranged someone to spy on his movements. That wild wolves’ attack on him was not an accident at all, but a scheme, a deliberate murder using wild wolves. If it was another person, such as a common warrior who had not improved to LV 1 or even just a normal LV 1 warrior, he would definitely have lost his life when facing an attack from seven wolves at the same time.

Zerom’s warning had been right. That attack was truly a scheme against Zhang Tie. These wild wolves had first found him based on the odor on the rags of his towel and chased into the deep hole. Then, they had mistaken him for a dead man and left the hole.

However, when Pandora and the other two girls were washing his clothes over the stream, the remaining four wolves, who were drinking water in the stream, smelt his odor. Otherwise, it was because of other reasons, that they had found his odor and laid an ambush near the tree house, almost hurting the three girls.

After thinking it through, Zhang Tie gradually recovered his composure. He had never imagined that his refusal to be insulted by Glaze’s group, which brought them some bitterness, could lead to such a scheme against him. They were driven so crazy that they had almost succeeded.

They were truly beasts. He had mistaken them for people before. Now Zhang Tie immediately realized his mistake. As Donder had said, he should have never imagined his enemy being as kind as he was.

Zhang Tie threw away that rag and left. He knew that this rag would never work if brought to the Temporary Supervision Committee. First, he could not prove that this rag was a part of his lost towel. Neither could he prove that this rag was picked up in this wolf den, or that it was planted by Glaze’s group.

Additionally, he could not prove that the wolves were killed by Glaze’s group. There were too many things that could not be proved. It would look just like a man holding a rag of his lost old towel going to the Temporary Supervision Committee to charge someone with wanting to kill him. This accusation looked really stupid. Zhang Tie naturally didn’t want to be called an idiot. Evidence was needed in court. If he wanted to seek revenge, he needed to provide evidence.

After leaving that hillside, Zhang Tie cast his eyes far off the Wild Wolf Valley. It was the cross area between the valley and the Crescent Prairie. According to Blues, Glaze’s group was right over there.

“Glaze, you just wait for for me!” Zhang Tie mumbled. After that, he glanced at that hillside where he had revealed the scheme before walking towards the Crescent Prairie.

According to Blues, for a loner who was not powerful, the most important thing was to become familiar with the terrain and find a safe base where he could have a rest. As a loner who had the Castle of Black Iron and Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree, Zhang Tie concluded that his base should be hidden, besides being able to let him have a safe rest! It should make it convenient for him to access Castle of Black Iron who’s secret should never be exposed to the public.

Because of Glaze, Zhang Tie became more set on improving his own strength. Now, he really wanted to find a place where he could eat the second Iron-Body Fruit. Additionally, after digging in the mine for so many days, he had restored a lot of basic energy. He thought that it was time to make slight adjustments and renovate the space and terrain in Castle of Black Iron, which would provide greater assistance to the forthcoming loner’s survival training.

What greater assistance? What did you need most in the wild? Of course it was water! Clean water! If he could have a clean water source in Castle of Black Iron, he would be able to greatly enhance his survivability in the wild. As a result, he would be able to do many things more conveniently.

As the entire Wild Wolf Valley looked like a trumpet, the farther it was from the the Wild Wolf Castle, the bigger and broader the valley would be. Walking towards the Crescent Prairie, Zhang Tie felt the surroundings grow gradually more and more spacious. When he passed by that mountain cave where he had hid from the rain, Zhang Tie felt like he was in a small basin.

According to Blues’ suggestion, he explored the valley in an ‘s’-shaped route. Although this would consume more time, on the premise that he had enough time, it would help him to get familiar with the terrain as fast as possible and find all the available resources or any proper bases.

Once he found a proper base, he then could slowly explore the area within a 5 km radius around the base. As a loner, he should be familiar with the terrain like it was his own backyard.

The strength of being able to easily kill a LV 2 beast and familiarity with the terrain enabled a loner to move in Wild Wolf Castle as free as wind.

It was truly worth it to explore the Wild Wolf Valley using an ‘s’-shaped route. At noon, biting a ripe and yummy wild apple with three more in hand, Zhang Tie had already arrived in front of a mountain cave...



* * *





Chapter 127




In Wild Wolf Valley, you could see mountain caves left everywhere by gold-eating boas which had occupied the valley before, just like the one in front of Zhang Tie.

This cave was at the top of a hill in the middle of Wild Wolf Valley, the entrance of which was almost 3 m in width. In its surroundings, there were some huge grooves that looked to have been ploughed through. Given the terrain, the hill seemed to have been destructed by external forces. He could see obvious marks left by human beings.

However, the most important part was that Zhang Tie found some tunnels in the cave left by gold-eating boas. Since the cave was almost horizontal to the ground like how a mouse drills its den, he could easily walk inside with the sun’s light. The weather had turned for the better today, so sunlight could reach dozens of meters inside the cave. Under it, Zhang Tie immediately saw two tunnels inside.

With the help of the sunlight, he didn’t hesitate any longer. He swallowed the apple in his hand and put away the other apples into his pockets. After that, he pulled out a long sword and entered the cave.

Many people would be afraid of grain circles on the walls in the cave when they entered gold-eating boa’s cave. However, Zhang Tie felt nothing since he was familiar with the situation in the cave and had already accepted it inwardly. As for the mountain caves drilled by gold-eating boas, he had already become immune to them since the time he dug in the mines.

At that time, all the miners had realized that no beasts seemed to like staying in gold-eating boas’ caves. Let alone beasts, even insects could not be seen inside those caves. In the evening, although Wild Wolf Valley was filled with swarms of insects and mosquitoes, not one dared to enter a cave made by gold-eating boas.

Even the bats in the place where he’d dug mines dared only to hang themselves outside the cave marked by grain circles. They never dared to fly inside. The circles of grains on the walls inside gold-eating-boas’ caves posed both a magical and natural threat to any spiritual animals. So none dared to enter, except for human beings.

There were some withered twigs and fallen leaves, some stones and puddles on the ground near the entrance. After passing 5-6 meters, the entire cave became clean. About 20 m away from the entrance, Zhang Tie arrived at the tunnels which he had seen before.

It was somewhat different from what he had seen outside, instead of two tunnels, there were three. One faced underground, one left, while the last one was hidden and could be easily missed since it faced upward. That pit really made Zhang Tie excited since it was so hidden that he had not even seen it from outside.

The entrance of this pit was obviously blocked by collapsed stones and soil. It was all piled up so high that it was even slightly higher than Zhang Tie. Of course, he could easily climb onto the stones.

When he reached the top, he found the pit was less than 10 m deep. The pit contained a medium-sized space and was pretty dry. The sunlight could not reach here at daytime. Of course, it would be even more difficult to be found in the evening.

‘That’s it. I’m really lucky today. It only took me several hours to find such a pleasant base,’ Zhang Tie mumbled.

“I’ve decided to make it my No.1 base!” he loudly declared before laughing out loudly.

After laughing, he couldn’t wait to put down his luggage and sleeping bag onto the ground. He then threw the apples from his pockets onto the luggage and jumped out of the pit. Afterwards, he rushed to the entrance of the cave and silently looked around. After ensuring that nobody was outside, he became reassured.

When he returned to the upward pit, it took him several seconds to enter Castle of Black Iron.

——Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, welcome to the Castle of Black Iron!

The scene in front of him changed quickly. Seeing the rolling colorful cloud in the Castle of Black Iron, he revealed a smile of one coming back home. In the Castle of Black Iron, he fully relaxed.

He then walked towards that small tree.

The diamond Iron-Body Fruit, which was slightly bigger than a walnut, was hanging on that familiar twig. The last time he had entered, this Iron-Body Fruit had already been ripe. This time, there were two days left before the latest Leakless Fruit would became ripe. The to-be-ripe Leakless Fruit already looked full as a wisp of luster could be already seen on it.

Seeing this, Zhang Tie became excited. ‘It’s really great to eat fruits everyday. Mom is really intelligent to call me Guoguo. Hahahaha…’

Zhang Tie then continued to circle around the small tree. He was used to doing that. He didn’t know whether it was just an illusion or not, but he felt that this small tree had grown up a bit during the past month. It looked more lush and higher than before.

According to his experiences, it was necessary to circle around the small tree each time he entered because the small tree could bring you a huge surprise at any time.

On the other side of the small tree, he saw two more fruits - one was a Trouble-Reappearance Fruit which impressed Zhang Tie a lot. It was pitch dark all over, in the shape of a hexagon, and as large as a plum

--Trouble-Reappearance Fruit has become ripe. Usage: Pick and direct eat it. Notice: The fruit cannot be taken out of the Castle of Black Iron. After twelve hours of having been picked off the tree, its energy and vitality will gradually decline.

Reading the familiar words, Zhang Tie knew that the fruit was ripe. Scratching his head, he became puzzled.

‘Does it mean that killing wolves can lead to new killing fruits?’

Although this new ripe Trouble-Reappearance Fruit pleased him, what surprised him to the point of leaving him with his mouth wide open was another fruit. It was a sitting white wolf which was as high a finger. It looked as delicate as a miniature wax statue carved by a sculpting master. On its head there were two eccentric leaves of Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree. It was cute, like a kid’s toy.

--Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit, the Strength of Qi has been formed, six more strengths need to be formed; not ripe yet.

--Strength of Qi, Strength of Blood, Strength of Vein, Strength of Channel, Strength of Bone, Strength of Marrow, and Strength of God. These are the seven strengths of living beings. For each 50 changes, 49 of them can be available while the remaining one belongs to people. Seven-Strength Fruit is a spare fruit—one can spare one force from seven Seven-Strength Fruits. After eating 49 Seven-Strength Fruits, one can gain seven strengths. As for one Seven-Strength Fruit, it cannot become ripe without gathering seven strengths, the spare strength also included in the fruit. Each ripe Seven-Strength Fruit will contain all the strengths of an individual in its heyday. After eating it, one can gain all that strength. These strengths are awarded to brave men and are beneficial in becoming more powerful.

The latter sentences were a bit difficult to understand. Zhang Tie didn’t get them until reading it for the second time. After that, he felt hot blood rushing to his head.

‘I’m rich, I’m really rich this time! I’ve killed seven wild wolves and gathered the Strength of Qi of the Seven-Strength Fruit. According to this paragraph, as long as I can kill seven more wild wolves, I can then gather their strength of Blood for Seven-Strength Fruit. If I can kill 49 or 50 wild wolves, I’ll make this Wild Wolf Seven-Strength ripe.

‘Then the Seventh-Strength Fruit will contain the full strength of an adult wild wolf. Undoubtedly, after eating this fruit, I’ll obtain the strength of an adult wild wolf.’

Thinking of the strong endurance, dashing speed, and the sensitiveness of wild wolves, Zhang Tie started to drool. Although Leakless Fruit had been a great surprise to him, he had never imagined that one day he could obtain a wholly new fruit from that small tree which could greatly improve his strength. This was really exciting.

“Zi… Zi...”

Being so excited, Zhang Tie started to kiss the trunk of the small tree. Then he burst out laughing. As long as he could obtain a wolf’s full strength, he felt that he could completely eliminate the natural-born disparity between Chinese clan and other human races, like Bagdad’s or Glaze’s who had greater physical strength.

After the disparity was eliminated, he would never be defeated by them on the premise that they were of the same level. Additionally, they could never match him on igniting burning points. Seeing the Leakless Fruit that was going to be ripe on the other side of small tree, Zhang Tie revealed a smile...

At this moment, he felt great!

Smirking, he picked off the ripe Iron-Body Fruit and Trouble-Reappearance Fruit. Holding the two fruits of different shapes and colors, he curiously touched and sniffed them. With satisfaction on his face, he crossed his legs and sat under the small tree, starting to eat.

Based on his experiences, Zhang Tie ate Iron-Body Fruit first. The silver fruit tasted crispy and fragrant. After eating it like a peach, he waited for awhile and found no response at all. Therefore, he estimated that it would be the same as like last time.

He then directly engulfed the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit in his hand. It was as fresh as last one. After eating it, a similar energy directly rushed to his brain and converged with that spiritual swirl in his mind. Seeing darkness before his eyes, he immediately came to a pitch black place. However, compared to the first time, this situation was different...



* * *





Chapter 128




It was the same dark space before Zhang Tie’s eyes. However, after a while, two light spots instead of one gradually enlarged and rapidly became two illuminating hexagon doors similar to the shape of Trouble-Reappearance Fruit. The two doors arrived and stopped in front of Zhang Tie like a train. Seven wolves’ shadows casually accessed the two hexagon-shaped doors.

Such a scene hadn’t happened when he had eaten the first Trouble-Reappearance Fruit.

--Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, you have killed seven wolves in three scenes, leading to two wild wolf Trouble Reappearance Fruits, which can be joined. After combining them, you would face seven wild wolves at the same time each time you activate it. Would you like them to be joined?

Zhang Tie carefully checked the two illuminated hexagon doors, which were like two windows through which he could view the world inside. Through the door on the left, he saw the same grassland where he had encountered the attack from the seven wolves, while through the door on the right, he saw two scenes: one of the bamboo woods near the tree house where he had killed two wolves, and the other on the hillside today.

For Zhang Tie, two-three wolves could no longer pose any challenge. He could hardly improve himself by fighting only two. But seven might be a bit more interesting.

“Join!”

Zhang Tie made his decision without any extra considerations.

Soon after he sent the command, the two illuminated hexagon doors joined. Through the now single door, he could see three backgrounds—grassland, bamboo woods, and the hillside!

--Please trigger the scene you want!

In the past days, Zhang Tie had fought the three wild wolves on the grassland for almost one hundred times. Therefore, he was bored of it. Besides, he had become familiar with the terrain near the tree house and no longer found it stimulating. Seeing the hillside which had a slightly more sophisticated terrain, he felt it would be more difficult to fight the wild wolves in.

There was no need to point at the hillside scenery in the illuminated door.

After that, the other two scenes slowly disappeared while the hillside scene slowly enlarged and finally occupied the entire door.

—Trouble-Reappearance Joining Completed!

Afterwards, the illuminated door enlarged, encompassing Zhang Tie, too. In a split of a second, he returned on that hillside where he had been in the morning. Everything in his surroundings, even the tree leaves on the hillside and the water drops hanging on the grass, were unchanged. Neither did his lance container and luggage change even a bit. He smelt the same disgusting odor as before.

Motherf*cker, that’s too smelly!

While Zhang Tie was complaining about the disgusting smell, seven wolves came out of the cave. With eyes full of hatred fixed on him, these wolves reminded Zhang Tie of the first time when he had encountered them on the grassland. The same moment, the seven wolves begun their attack.

Zhang Tie immediately threw one lance and killed the wolf rushing first. When he killed the second wolf using the same method, the other five wolves had already closed in on him, taking away his ability to use his lances to eliminate the other wild wolves.

Swearing inwardly, Zhang Tie punched in their direction. When he was practicing it in the first Trouble-Reappearance Fruit, Zhe had already found out that the more difficult and easily interrupted patterns he used to fight the wild wolves, the faster he would improve his strength and fighting skills, as well as strengthening his weaknesses. If he could punch a wolf to death, he would found it even easier to kill it using a dagger or any other weapon.

What was the most difficult way for Zhang Tie to kill these wild wolves? It wasn’t only by using his naked fists, but also the Iron-Blood Fist Skill that he wasn’t familiar enough with to fight against these wild wolves. For a low level warrior, a set of fist techniques that he had not fully mastered wouldn’t even match up counterattacking by instinct. However, Zhang Tie still insisted on using Iron-Blood Fist Skill to fight the wild wolves, as he thought that the best method to cultivate a fighting skill was by using in the fights for one’s own life. Thankfully, the Trouble-Reappearance Fruit would be the best battlefield! This was a God-given chance.

Real battle was truly the best method for a person to grow up. When the remaining five wild wolves charged at him, after Zhang Tie had killed one and wounded another with his kicks, a piece of his flesh was bitten off. That sharp pain immediately caused Zhang Tie to ooze sweat. Soon after that, the rhythm of Iron-Blood Fist Skill was disturbed.

Not until now had Zhang Tie realized how terrifying a pack of wolves was. When they moved in a pack, their fighting strength would never be as simple as an addition of each wolf’s strength. Although he was facing five wolves’ attacks, Zhang Tie felt like it was twice as difficult for him to deal with them than with the three wolves before. This was because a wolf pack attacked so fast that he might suffer an attack at any second. Under the guidance of the head wolf, the rest could even adjust their attacking frequency through mutual coordination, causing them to be harder to deal with.

By the time Zhang Tie had killed another wolf, he had suffered two more wounds.

Finally, due to the slippery and muddy land after rain, Zhang Tie lost his balance out of carelessness and fell down. He then rolled down the hillside, closely chased by four wolves. They quickly caught up with him.

Lying on the ground, Zhang Tie used a wrestling hand—a fighting skill of Iron-Blood Fist Skill—to break a wolf’s neck. At the same time while he struggled to hold back a wolf’s attack, his throat was torn open. Besides a sharp pain, he felt a sense of fresh blood pouring into his windpipe once again. He could see nothing then.

After the entire Trouble-Reappearance Scene broke apart and disappeared, Zhang Tie returned to the place under the small tree...

Thinking back to his struggle under the wild wolf’s bite, Zhang Tie, who had already opened his eyes, was still afraid. Not until that moment had he truly realize just how lucky he was to escape from his first fight with the seven wolves.

Recalling the fight that had just happened, Zhang Tie found his weaknesses. Previously, he thought that his throwing skills were already great so he could, at least, survive the entire Wild Wolf Valley with them. However, because of the fight just now, he understood that there was still a great space for improvement for his throwing skills.

Just now, he had only thrown out two lances before being killed by the rest of the wild wolves. However, if he could throw two more lances before the rest of the wild wolves drew close to him, the outcome would be totally different.

Although he had numerous chances to try out the same scene in the Trouble-Reappearance Scene, if he was surrounded by more than ten wild wolves in reality,, he would definitely lose his life.

Although he could throw a lance with great precision, his throwing speed could still be improved. Even more important was to learn to pull out lances from his lance container at the fastest speed possible. Additionally, he might also try throwing lances using both hands at the same time…

Besides, he should pay more attention to the surrounding terrain and environment where he was fighting against the wild wolves. He should adapt to any kind of environment. On a hillside after rain, the slippery surface could indirectly cause him to lose his life. If that truly happened and he lost his life, which of the two would he complain about: the God who had poured out rain, or the muddy and slippery land?

After such a serious evaluation, Zhang Tie let out a heavy sigh. Picking himself up from the ground, he walked a lap to observe the terrain of the Castle of Black Iron. After forming a general impression of it in his mind, Zhang Tie opened the Ground Layer button under the ‘Space and Terrain Creation’ function to start one thing that he had planned for a long time.

Soon after he pressed that button, a three-dimensional image of Castle of Black Iron appeared before his eyes. Everything in this space was displayed there, including each stalk of grass and tree.

Having experience with it, Zhang Tie wasn’t too surprised. Holding it in hand, he carefully enlarged and reduced the three-dimensional image. Putting the image before him, he fixed his attention and cast the water source in his mind onto that three-dimensional image.

Zhang Tie imagined a two meter high rockery while a clear spring flew down it, forming a two meter waterfall. The spring fell into a pond on the ground. Benefitting from his previous experience, Zhang Tie didn’t make the pond too large in case of insufficient energy. The entire pond was only as large as a small bath pool.

Everything was the same as the last time when he had used this function. The three-dimensional map was a dim shadow, which he could roughly recognize.

——Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord. The details of the terrain that you have imagined are lower than 5%. Do you agree with using optional natural creation law to construct the rest of your image? After the system completes the construction using natural creation law, Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord will be able to adjust it!

——Agree/Disagree

Zhang Tie chose Agree.

Soon after he made his choice, the dim shadow on the three-dimensional map gradually became clearer which was really more natural and vivid than the image in his mind. Even the pebbles and fine sand were created in the pond. Besides, there was a circle of white stone stages along the pond.

In addition, the terrain surrounding the clear spring also looked nature-born as it had been unexpectedly undulated and changed. Everything looked harmonious like natural. It was several hundred times more real-life like than Zhang Tie’s own clumsy image. Compared to this masterpiece, his image could only be called a scrawl of an infant.

After the terrain adjustment, the entire Castle of Black Iron became more vital.

Zhang Tie inspected this adjusted terrain several times but found no defects. Everything was better than he had imagined. After he confirmed the terrain adjustment plan, a new dialogue box popped out.

——A spring is going to form in the new terrain, Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, please choose the level of the live spring.

‘What? I can choose the level of the spring?’

Zhang Tie was stunned once again. Then, another page appeared before him.

--Natural Mountain Spring

--Spring of Aura

--Spring of Recovery

--Spring of Life

Besides the ‘Natural Mountain Spring’, which was available, the other three options were all gray and not available. Even though it was like that, Zhang Tie was still amazed. After recovering his composure, he pointed at ‘Natural Mountain Spring’ before another new sub-branch appeared.

——Common Mountain Spring: clear and abundant with some mineral materials and micro elements!

——Quality Mountain Spring: clear and abundant with many kinds of mineral materials and microelements; active to a certain degree!

——High Quality Mountain Spring: clear and sweet, abundant with a great number of mineral materials and micro elements; considerably active!

--Top Quality Mountain Spring: clear and sweet, abundant with all kinds of mineral materials and microelements; quite active and contains some aura.

The option ‘Top Quality Mountain Spring’ was gray which warned Zhang Tie that he lacked values of the basic items. However, even so, he was already very satisfied.

After thinking about it for a while, Zhang Tie chose the option ‘High Quality Mountain Spring’.

——This terrain creation requires the following resources:

Basic energy storage—3517; Aura value—4129; Merit value—1272

——Create or not?

——Yes/No

Zhang Tie had never imagined that such a small live spring would cost him so many value points, especially the merit ones. He remembered that last time it would only have taken him a bit over 900 merit value points to create a big water pool. Could live water consume more?

“Just do it, if there’s a lack of merit value points, I will make them...” Zhang Tie said loudly and clicked ‘Yes’ without any hesitation.

——Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, after you leave the Castle of Black Iron, the system will start this terrain creation. This will take 18 seconds, during which you won’t be able to enter the Castle of Black Iron.

‘What? It will only take 18 seconds to complete all this? That will be solved within several winks! I was afraid it would take much longer before I could enter the Castle of Black Iron again.’

Seeing the rolling colorful clouds above, Zhang Tie revealed his awe of this mysterious space once again. Was creation here as easy as how the God had created the world by only moving a hand? What great force did it have to be able to perform such a miracle? Is it truly the God’s force...’

Zhang Tie could not answer this question for the time being.

He decided to try whether it was true. After fixing his attention, he locked on that great arch door before leaving the Castle of Black Iron and reappearing in the mountain cave. However, he didn’t waste time, only taking in two deep breaths. After counting inwardly to 18 seconds, he hurriedly locked that strange arch door in his mind and re-entered the Castle of Black Iron. Such a short period of time was akin to a person pulling open the door and leaving, only to come back as if having forgotten something.

The terrain creation was already completed in the Castle of Black Iron.

Reappearing inside, Zhang Tie was astonished upon noticing the pond full of water from the spring 20 m away from it. He then walked over there like an idiot, stretching out his hands and touching here and there, even scooping two pebbles from one side of the pond. After bumping the two pebbles, he heard the crispy sounds of ‘Guang… guang...’.

The spring was as crystal clear as a mirror, so Zhang Tie could almost see his own shadow on the water. After washing his face in there, he stretched out his neck and widely opened his mouth to drink from the spring flying down the rockery.

After that he smirked, holding the two pebbles, and locked the arch door in his mind again, returning to the mountain cave. When he came back, he found the two pebbles were still in his hands. He then bumped them again, causing a sound of “Guang… guang...”.

Then he touched his face and collar that were still wet and recalled that sweet and tender spring in the Castle of Black Iron. After doing all this, he confirmed that everything in the Castle of Black Iron was real…

Well, he finally admitted that he, who had poor knowledge, could barely understand how could something like this happen! He then had no other choice but to accept the fact that it did.

Right then, Zhang Tie’s abdomen made a sound of ‘Gulu gulu’, indicating that the second Iron-Body Fruit was about to start working...



* * *





Chapter 129




“Habbie, watch out...” Bonder shouted out loudly with eyes turning red.

However, it was too late. A huge black wolf, which was larger and more aggressive than common wild

Wolves, nimbly escaped from the three youths’ long spears before bringing one to the

ground. With only one bite, a huge gaping hole was opened in the youth’s neck. But before daggers and spears could descend onto its body, the cunning wolf had already succeeded in its attack and jumped off. After that, it exposed its bloody canines and took a few steps to the side, its eyes fixed on the group of youths whose faces had turned pale.

Soon, another shrill shriek drifted from another place. At the same time, the abdomen of another youth wearing leather chest armor and holding a long spear was broken by the huge wolf’s sharp claw. Immediately, the young man fell to the ground and screamed painfully. It didn’t take long for his intestines to flow out with him rolling miserably on the ground, which deeply impressed everybody.

It became bloodier as they watched. But what was worse was the fear filling the youths’ hearts—the fear of death!

“No, I don’t want to die here. I want to go back. I want to go back to the Wild Wolf Castle. I’ll never hunt for golden wolves ever again...”

Facing the constant deaths of his companions, a youth among a team of students attending this survival training collapsed spiritually. With a loud scream, he threw away his long spear, broke out of the defensive circle of the crowd, and dashed towards the Wild Wolf Castle without a thought in his head.

“Scumbag, come back…”

“Pino, you’ll lose your life, come back...”

“Don’t run away...”

The escaping youth was followed by the screams of his crying companions. However, the youth seemed not to have heard them. He just wanted to leave this place.

When he was more than 20 steps away, a huge wolf suddenly turned around and chased after him. Before he could make another 10 steps, the agile wolf had already caught up with him. Then all the other youths saw their companion being hit by that huge wolf.

After several shrill shrieks from Pino and terrifying sounds from the huge wolf’s canines tearing off his skin and crunching bones, everything returned to tranquility. With a bloody mouth, the huge wolf returned and continued to attack the rest of the youths with the other huge wolves.

Huge wolves were far more cunning and ferocious than common wild wolves, which was also the disparity between common living beings and LV 1 living beings.

The two long spear defense circles formed by the youths had already been extremely narrowed. They dared not to casually move as the circles that had been broken by the huge wolves immediately lost two members before filling up the breach once again.

There was also one more companion still rolling on the ground and screaming miserably, but his voice was becoming weaker and weaker.

Outside the two defensive circles formed by the youths’ long spears there was fresh blood everywhere. Some of it was from huge wolves, yet most belonged to human beings. One dead huge wolf was lying between the two circles with several bloody holes in its body made by long spears. However, lying beside this dead huge wolf was a youth’s corpse, not far from which was Habbie who had just been killed, the youth who was still rolling on the ground and crying in a gradually weakening voice, and Pino who had lost his breath around 30 steps away.

One dead huge wolf for almost four humans. The rest of the youths of the two defensive circles were tearing up. Some hands and feet had already started quivering. At this moment, fear and hatred was biting the youths’ hearts like poisonous snakes.

During the earlier month’s survival training, they had become proud inwardly. After successfully hunting common wild wolves and various other prey in the Wild Wolf Valley, they gradually forgot to be careful. Thus, after several days ago hearing the news that Blackhot City wanted to purchase goose-neck grass and golden wolves at a high price, they became spirited, as they were not satisfied with only hunting common wild wolves.

They also wanted to have a try, chance it. In their opinion, since they had more than 20 people who could cooperate well with each other using their long spears, even if they encountered a LV 2 golden wolf, they could at least safeguard themselves. If they were lucky enough, they might even be able to catch it live or pick some goose-neck grasses…

However, they didn’t understand the many tragedies in this world born from ‘if’.

Full of confidence, the youths set off today. Leaving the Wild Wolf Castle, they marched towards the Crescent Prairie.

After walking for an entire morning, they were over 20 km away from the Wild Wolf Castle and already could see the Crescent Prairie. However, at this moment, they were abruptly attacked by a pack of huge wolves hiding in bushes beside a hillside.

When the youths passed by, six huge wolves suddenly appeared, catching them unprepared, which resulted in wounds and casualties at almost the same moment. The youths’ teams were cut off from each other by the huge wolves so that they could only fight for themselves. As expected, after a ferocious fight, the tides of battle started to favor the huge wolves.

Not until then did the youths recall the simple rules that had been imparted by their teachers at school.

First, you opponents and enemies will never appear in front of you after you have prepared well. But if they do appear after you‘ve prepared, they might be greater in number than what you originally imagined. More than that, even if there’s little chance to encounter huge wolves, you might also encounter a pack of them.

Second, for any living beings, even if there was only one level difference between them, their fighting forces would greatly differentiate from each other. Therefore, after successfully dealing with some LV 0 living beings, never regard fighting the force of one LV 1 living being as simple as the addition of that of three LV 0 individuals; after dealing with some LV 1 living beings, never consider it too easy to deal with any LV 2 living beings. Being different from the simple increase of level, their fighting force would increase geometrically by each higher level.

Third, as for battle, time is very important so ten seconds might change everything.

Sometimes, the simpler the rule was, the more miserable price one would pay before fully understanding it. The miserable result of these youths today was the price of fresh blood and lives. Due to the sudden appearance of the huge wolves, they were given even less than ten seconds to gather their long spear matrix.

If they had had those ten seconds to gather, even if they had encountered six LV 1 huge wolves, they would have never suffer such miserable casualties. The youths thought too much of ‘ifs’ when there are few of them in reality.

After prowling around the two circles of youths for a couple of times, the remaining five huge wolves increased their tentative attacks—they pretended to charge at them outside the killing distance of the long spears. Therefore, not until poking out their long spears did the youths realize that they were doing fake movements.

The cunning huge wolves constantly circled them while making pretend attacks. Being extremely tense, the youths would always poke out their long spears everytime the huge wolves made fake movements.

After constantly waving and poking with their long spears to drive away the huge wolves, all the youths felt more and more tired.

“Try to keep your strength and attacking rhythm, the huge wolves are consuming our strength...” Seeing through the scheme of the huge wolves, Bonder shouted loudly.

However, Bonder’s warning didn’t work anymore. In the other circle, seeing a youth Gradually have grown weaker, a huge wolf suddenly launched a real attack. Before the arrival of the next round of long spears, it had already seized the opportunity—lowering its body, the huge wolf immediately rushed to one side of the circle and bit that youth’s shin. Along with forcing out a miserable cry, it caused that youth to fall to the ground.

“Abu...”

Seeing this, the other youths became very anxious, thrusting their long spears together towards that huge wolf which was biting their companion’s shin. Threatened, that huge wolf loosened its grip and moved back.

However, when the other youths had moved their attention onto that huge wolf near the unfortunate youth, a wide loophole was opened in the defense of the entire circle. So another huge wolf seized the chance and suddenly pounced, biting another youth’s leg, causing him to fall to the ground too.

Scared, the other youths then moved their long spears together towards that huge wolf. As expected, it also rapidly moved back. And so a defense circle composed of seven people immediately lost two, causing a huge opening to appear. At the same time, the other three huge wolves surrounding Bonder’s circle suddenly moved back and charged at the other youths whose defensive circle was destroyed.

“No!” Bonder screamed.

Seeing the other three huge wolves charging towards them, the five youths in that circle went completely pale. It was over. It was so hard for them to fight against the two huge wolves, let alone three more...

Five huge wolves attacked seven youths, five of which were standing while the other two were lying. Due to the huge opening in their defensive circle, within seconds, nobody would be standing anymore. After this circle was fully destroyed, the other one would not stand much longer, either. This was the huge wolves’ fighting tactic.

“We will fight them to death...”

Eyes turning red, Bonder tightly held onto his long spear and rushed towards the five huge wolves, regardless of any matrix or defensive circle. Compared to being miserably killed by these beasts’ sharp claws after being tricked, he preferred to fight his last fight, even at the risk of losing his life faster.

Everybody had already understood that they had almost no chance to survive and return to the Wild Wolf Castle.

That youth called Abu, who had been attacked by a huge wolf and then fell down, was trying his best to turn back, picking himself up by kneeling down first. He threw down his long spear, but the moment he wanted to pull out the dagger from his waist, another huge wolf had already moved to his side and opened its bloody mouth, ready to close it around his neck...

“Abu, watch out...”

Seeing that huge wolf’s intention, Abu’s companions shouted loudly, but the sharp canines of the huge wolf were already so close to the youth’s neck.

Yet when everybody thought it was no longer possible for Abu to escape this time, a loud swear drifted from afar.

“Beast...”



* * *





Chapter 130




Together with the angry swear was a sharp wind that nobody could clearly see. Soon after that, that huge wolf close to Abu abruptly uttered a miserable scream, its neck pierced through by a throwing lance that got nailed to the ground. After piercing through the huge wolf’s neck, it even entered the ground one foot deep while its handle looked so excited that it kept quivering...

Not until then did that youth called Abu pull out his dagger. Unexpectedly, he found that the wolf was already nailed beside him.

Soon after the scream of this huge wolf came to an end, another huge wolf’s miserable howl drifted over. Apparently, at almost the same time, another throwing lance fell onto a huge wolf whose eyes were fixed on the five youths.

This time, not only Bonder and the rest of the youths, but even the remaining three huge wolves were stunned.

Everybody clearly saw a black-haired youth dashing towards them from a hillside 40 m away. But the three huge wolves didn’t slow down their speed. After slightly adjusting their aim, they rushed towards that youth.

“Watch out...” Bonder shouted again and chased after the three huge wolves along with the rest of the youths. In their eyes, that youth coming out from behind the hillside was in danger.

Yet everything seemed to happen in a split second. The youths chasing after the three huge wolves couldn’t even believe in their own eyes.

That guy dashing towards them suddenly took out two throwing lances and immediately threw them towards two of the three huge wolves. Almost at the same moment the lances flew out, the two huge wolves were tightly nailed to the ground with less than one meter between them, leaving only one huge wolf. Seeing this, the last one quickened its pace and charged at that youth. However, the youth avoided its attack by tilting his body to the side.

Everything happened so fast that Bonder and the other students hadn’t even grasped all that was happening before it was over. After flying another few steps due to momentum, the last huge wolf fell to the ground.

But, the youth kept moving forward without slowing down his speed or glancing back, seemingly already knowing that the huge wolf had died.

“Hurry up, go check your companions, save them first!”

Not until then did everybody realize what had happened. They then hurriedly turned back and went to check on their companions.

That youth who had abruptly appeared was naturally Zhang Tie!

Ten minutes later, four youths’ corpses and six dead huge wolves were put in a row on the grassland, surrounded by weeping youths with red eyes. Seeing those faces as young as his, Zhang Tie was filled with a slight sadness.

It was the first time he saw his peers’ bodies before him. The four dead youths looked different, the most miserable among those who’d left this mortal world being the one with eyes wide open and a face twisted after his abdomen was clawed open. He had died in unspeakable agony.

No matter whether it was in the east or the west, no culture or traditions would allow a person to leave this mortal world with eyes wide open. From Donder, Zhang Tie also knew how to pay tribute to a dead person.

“Let me have a try!”

Zhang Tie walked forward. Seeing his move, Bonder quietly stepped back.

Silently taking off the water bottle from his waist, Zhang Tie opened its lid and pulled open Billy’s clothes. He started to clean the filth off his abdomen. The things flowing out of the intestines were smelly, but Zhang Tie was not afraid of that at all, neither did he feel disgusted. He only felt dejection, a dejection stemming from a fact that a small figure would helplessly have to die in this struggling world.

He thought back to his mom. Seeing Billy’s tender face with a few freckles, Zhang Tie then thought about the youth’s mom. He felt that Billy was another himself, a commoner who neither had obtained Castle of Black Iron nor had a chance to eat strange fruits.

The water in Zhang Tie’s water bottle was soon used up.

“Anymore?” Zhang Tie asked.

Hearing his request, the other youths beside him silently passed him several more water bottles. Zhang Tie continued to clean Billy’s wounds. After that, he washed off the filth from the lower hem of Billy’s coat. After doing all this, he pulled out a sewing kit and started to sew up Billy’s wounds.

“Brother, stand it, I do this for the first time, but I have to sew it well for you as the holes on your abdomen don’t look good!” Zhang Tie told Billy under the silent gazes of the surrounding youths, whose tears were flowing down their faces.

As Zhang Tie was not afraid of doing this, his hand didn’t quiver at all. He closed Billy’s wound on the abdomen like he would have sown up his own clothes. After that, he washed his own hands and repaired Billy’s broken clothes. Finally he had closed his wound and dressed him up.

“Brother, I’ve already sewed and cleaned your wounds and clothes. You look much more handsome now. Don’t show your painful expression to your mom and the other family members. Just be reassured and leave. Remember to be careful in your next survival training!”

Saying that, Zhang Tie slightly covered his hands over Billy’s eyes. What made everybody else amazed was that after Zhang Tie moved away his hands from Billy’s face, Billy had already closed his eyes and looked much more relaxed. Seeing this, all the surrounding youths couldn’t not smile.

After tranquilly putting Billy’s hands onto his abdomen, hands crossed, Zhang Tie stood up.

“Here is your throwing lance!”

Red-eyed, Bonder passed a clean throwing lance to Zhang Tie. This was the last lance that Zhang Tie had used in the battle. It had been completely hidden inside the last huge wolf’s mouth, including its handle. Just then, when he shifted his body, Zhang Tie had already pulled out another lance and thrust it directly into the mouth of that huge wolf.

Bonder and the other youths had finally understood the cause of the last huge wolf’s death when Zhang Tie was cleaning wounds for Billy. After that, they started to pay more tribute to him. This loner who had saved everybody’s lives was really great, especially his lance skills, which really startled all the other youths.

“Brother, could you tell me your name?” Bonder asked, seeing Zhang Tie taking back his lance. “Without you, all of us might have already been killed!”

“I’m Zhang Tie!”

“You are that Zhang Tie!” Many of the surrounding youths seemed to have heard his name before. They then became surprised. “You’re that Zhang Tie, who had revealed Samira’s status as a mole of the Norman Empire!”

Zhang Tie slightly nodded before glancing over everybody else. “What’s your plan now, will you still want to remain in the Crescent Prairie?”

“Never, we’ve already decided to go back...” Bonder looked dejected. “We already learned our faults!”

“If you want to go back, I can accompany you back for a range in case of any more accidents!”

“Thanks!”

……

Although having decided to go back, everybody remained for a time while working together to chop off some branches and make simple stretchers, including Zhang Tie. They then put the youths’ corpses onto the stretchers and prepared to take them back to the Wild Wolf Castle. The two wounded youths had also dealt with their wounds and made two crutches using some branches so they could follow the others.

Now, there were fourteen people who could move freely. They would be able to carry the four youths’ corpses and six dead wild wolves by turns.

According to the rules, Zhang Tie had the right to deal with the five dead huge wolves. Nobody had a different opinion. What was more, Zhang Tie had even saved all their lives. After thinking for a while, he let them bring the dead huge wolves back to Wild Wolf Castle: one to the Brotherhood in the tree base, one to Peter in Iron Melting Workshop, one to Alice, Pandora, and Beverly, and the other two would be left to Bonder and his group.

Huge wolves were much more valuable than wild wolves. They were black all over, except for the circle of white fur over their necks which was much more valuable. Their meat tasted more fresh and delicious, not as fishy as that of common wild wolves.

As one of the best meats in Wild Wolf Castle, huge wolf meat was even more expensive than that of boars. It was even said that huge wolf meat was very beneficial to people’s physiques, including Qi and blood. Therefore, it had become the brand dish in some high-end hotels and become a favorite of some rich men.

So Zhang Tie’s gift was very valuable in Wild Wolf Castle. But under his insistence, Bonder’s group accepted the gift out of good willingness, and started to show their awe to him.

Zhang Tie kept accompanying Bonder’s group until they were about 10 km away from Wild Wolf Castle and met similar teams attending this survival training. Seeing Bonder’s group’s miserable situation, the other teams all came close to them to ask what had happened to them. A team of less than 30 people had also planned to have a try in the Crescent Prairie; however, after encountering Bonder’s group and learning about what had happened to them, they immediately gave up their plan.

“Brother, what do you want me to say to the Brotherhood for you?”

“You just tell them, I’m fine. Tell Peter, if I obtain any more wild meat, I’ll bring it back to them. Their lances are very useful. And tell Pandora, Beverly, and Alice that I’m fine and miss them very much!” Zhang Tie poured out all the words he wanted to say.

“Fine, I will!”

“Then, brothers, take care of yourselves!”

“Take care of yourself too. I’ll never forget what happened today!” Bonder solemnly said while all the other youths surrounding Zhang Tie nodded and stared at him full of appreciation. Without experiencing the life or death situation, they would have never have known how valuable the savior’s favor would be.

Zhang Tie smiled and waved at them before trotting away.

In the evening, Bonder’s group returned to Wild Wolf Castle. Then, the entire Wild Wolf Castle became chaotic. Although four deaths made people sad and alert, compared to it, what Zhang Tie had done startled people more. An individual that could easily kill five huge wolves and save more than ten people’s lives, how powerful did that man have to be? Zhang Tie’s marvelous lance skills had made Bonder’s group absolutely stunned.

Receiving the dead huge wolf, Barley and the other members of Brotherhood didn’t look too startled. They then just continued to practice fighting skills much harder.

In contrast, after receiving the dead huge wolf, Peter and the other recluses howled for quite awhile as they were extremely excited that they could eat huge wolf meat for two consecutive days. They all expressed that they’ll use all their effort to build several better lances for Zhang Tie.

After receiving Zhang Tie’s gift brought by Bonder, Pandora, Alice, and Beverly became the objectives of admiration of all the other girls.

Probably even Zhang Tie had not imagined that after this event, his name would become outstanding in Wild Wolf Castle. He was beginning to be matched with Blues and Glaze, who were the most powerful people among all the students attending this survival training.

However, two days before Zhang Tie became well known across Wild Wolf Castle, Glaze had returned with a live LV 2 golden wolf. It was the first day after Miss Qili’s one-month punishment to him terminated. His move shocked many people. At the beginning of the second month of this survival training, Glaze had already displayed his strength as a LV 3 warrior and became the most powerful person among all the students.

“Killing several huge wolves is nothing but bullsh*t. If Zhang Tie dares to fight Glaze, Glaze will definitely beat him ferociously in one minute, and he’ll only be able to search for his teeth on the ground...” Sharlon, one of Glaze’s lackeys, bragged.

Being a loner, Zhang Tie naturally couldn’t hear Sharlon’s instigation in Wild Wolf Castle. But even if he could hear that, Zhang Tie would do nothing but sneer Although LV 3 seemed unreachable in other students’ eyes, in Zhang Tie’s eyes, Glaze and his heyday would soon be a past tense...

Four days ago, after eating the Leakless Fruit, Zhang Tie had improved the light over the second burning point of his spine into cyan. Three days later, after eating another Leakless Fruit, Zhang Tie would light that burning point and become an official LV 3 warrior.

In the past week, after killing almost 15 wild wolves, Zhang Tie had condensed the Strength of Blood and the Strength of Vein in the Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit, causing the first Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit to be 3/7 ripe!

Becoming a loner, Zhang Tie didn’t know that Glaze had already become a LV 3 warrior. After one week’s loner’s survival training, he had already fully immersed himself in that wind-like freedom...



* * *





Chapter 131




After departing from Bonder’s group, Zhang Tie ended up today’s plan for hunting wild wolves. Although he had looked very calm before Bonder’s group, actually, he was not that calm inwardly. It was also Zhang Tie’s first time to seeing his peers die in front of him. Or maybe they were also the first casualties in this survival training.

It was told by teachers at school that above 70% of casualties in survival training happened on the second month after it started. This was because after one a month’s time in survival training, the horny students became much braver than before, although their fighting force didn’t improve that fast, easily causing tragedies.

Zhang Tie wandered on the path of the Wild Wolf Valley while thinking about the bloody wounds, which reminded him of the survival rules in this world—even the lowest level disparity would lead to a life or death situation and further cause mixed emotions in the weaker party’s family members. Four families, four mothers and many relatives of the four youths would feel extremely dejected due to the huge wolves this noon.

Zhang Tie could imagine how grieved the families would be after learning what had happened to their kids. His own family members had experienced the same grievance. Although his eldest brother had died on the battlefield many years ago, its impact on his parents was ever lasting.

‘Fist skill is namely power. When one exerts their utmost effort, one will obtain the essence of the skill!’—the general outline of Iron-Blood Fist flashed across Zhang Tie’s mind. He had a new understanding of this sentence. The route the Fibonacci Golden Numerical Array pointed at was not a path of evolution, but a path of power based on real force. The greatest and ultimate power in this world was the power to determine others’ life or death, and the power to beat others into hell.

‘The second Snade and Huck will never be allowed in my life’, Zhang Tie told himself. ‘Besides myself, nobody else is allowed to determine my destiny.’ Thinking this, he quickened his pace...

Ten minutes later when Zhang Tie passed by a river, a red-eyed wild wolf abruptly jumped out of the reeds and rushed Zhang Tie. Almost the moment the wild wolf left the reeds, a lance had already fallen from the sky and nailed it to the ground. Zhang Tie dashed past it without even a bit of deceleration. Without even glancing at his victim, he passed the wild wolf, just pulling out his lance and putting it back into this lance container before continuing on his way...

“Who’s that guy?”

A hunting team composed of eight or nine students widely opened their eyes at the sight of what Zhang Tie had done. Just now, when the wild wolf had jumped out, they even wanted to shout out to warn him. Unexpectedly, before they could scream out, everything had come to an end.

Not until Zhang Tie had long disappeared did that group of people arrive at the wild wolf that had been nailed to the ground. After checking it carefully, they all took a deep breath. Judging from the wound on the wild wolf, they realized that the lance must have entered its body from beneath the neck and exited from the back of its heart, causing a sec-kill. It was really great. Was that a coincidence? They felt really lucky today as they put away the dead wild wolf.

“Can we just do this?” one of the people in the group of students asked.

“If he felt this wild wolf was valuable, he would have stayed. Do you think a man who can easily kill a wild wolf would treasure a dead wild wolf?”

Hearing his words, everybody else nodded.

“Let’s go, brothers, it’s not early today, this wolf is enough for us to eat for two days...” the leader said, waving his hand.

“Who’s that man? I’ve never heard of him before!”

“Trust me, such a sharp guy would never be unknown. We will know who he is if we casually inquire about other people in Wild Wolf Castle!”

……

Zhang Tie kept running at a medium speed. He had already learned how to run in the first week when the survival training started. If he ran too fast, he could not continue it for long. Besides high consumption of physical strength, if he ran too fast, he might also miss something, especially changing terrains in hills, which might hurt him later by preventing him to make the most correct response to some incoming crisis.

In contrast, if he ran too slowly, his moving range would be extremely limited, which might also cause him to miss something. Especially for loners who needed to hunt for prey by themselves like Zhang Tie, if he always stayed in a small area, he might do nothing but wait for starvation as he would have fewer chances to find any prey.

Therefore, for a loner, the most proper running pattern was at a medium speed which would enable one to keep running for one to two hours without feeling fatigued, and enable one to get familiar with the surrounding environment and terrain by running as well as expanding the moving range. In other words, running at a medium speed could help to exert the utmost fighting force every time and then respond to some emergencies without feeling too tense.

Besides running speed, Zhang Tie also learned how to breath while running. It took him one week to master this medium-speed moving skill at his most proper rhythm. Now, Zhang Tie could keep running at such a speed for one hour on rugged mountain roads while retaining his maximal fighting force.

He felt that this kind of running was like a vocabulary ‘cruising speed’ that was used to evaluate the performance of an aerocraft called plane taught by science teachers at school. Zhang Tie had already mastered the skill of ‘cruise control’ during the first week upon starting the loner’s survival training. His ‘cruising speed’ was about 15 km per hour. He could kept running at this speed for about 1 hour while still maintaining his maximal fighting force.

Ha! Wasn’t it interesting? He had become a plane himself!

He was lucky just now and killed one more wild wolf, indicating that the wild wolf seven-strength fruit was that much closer to becoming ripe. Thinking of this, Zhang Tie accelerated.

He really enjoyed the feeling of free running in the valley. During his previous fifteen years, Zhang Tie had lived a boring life in Blackhot city. Besides going to school, he would be either at Donder’s grocery store or home. During that period, he had not experienced such a freestyle.

Simply by running like this, Zhang Tie felt pretty happy. If he could stick to it, he would prefer to keep running like the wind for the rest of his life. This way, he could go wherever he wanted, letting the motherland move under his feet. He would prefer to keep running freely like this without caring about anything else so that he could view the scenery of the whole world.

By free running in the valley alone, Zhang Tie felt that he had fallen in love with the loner’s survival training.

When the fiery sun’s glow appeared in the west sky, Zhang Tie finally arrived at the place which he had named as his ‘No.2 base’ after over one hour’s running.

This was a natural mountain cave, over 10 meters above the ground. Its inclination downwards was about 80-90 degrees. A pile of vines hung down from the top, allowing one to climb onto the mountain cave along the stones and bulges by holding onto them.

The mountain cave was more than 20 km away from the Wild Wolf Castle. This place was a bit farther than where he had met Bonder’s group yesterday. More than 10 km away from the other side of the cave was the Crescent Prairie. The space between the ranges on both sides of the Wild Wolf Valley abruptly expanded greatly here, like an opening door.

One week after he started his loner’s survival training, Zhang Tie’s moving range gradually increased and grew closer and closer to the Crescent Prairie.

When he arrived beneath the mountain cave, Zhang Tie looked around, seeing no one. He then pulled the vines and climbed onto the entrance of the mountain cave. When he reached the entrance, Zhang Tie squatted to carefully check those scattered leaves from the vines and some broken stones on the ground for roughly 20 seconds. After that, he stood on tiptoes and carefully walked in by stepping only in specific locations

Those items on the ground were not traps, but a ‘wild mark system’ used by pioneers. Once anybody had entered the entrance after Zhang Tie left, through that ‘wild mark system’ that seemed a disorderly scattering, Zhang Tie would know of it. This was a trick that pioneers usually used in the wild. A set of ‘wild mark system’ could reveal a lot of information.

Many pioneer teams added secret languages and signals in the ‘wild mark system’ that could only be understood by their own. Sometimes, a withered twig, several leaves, and broken stones scattered casually on the ground—in insiders’ eyes—would contain dozens of messages based on their location and the direction they were facing. They might also be used as an early warning device like how Zhang Tie was using them. As long as anyone had entered, he would know.

After checking it, Zhang Tie did nothing else but sat down on a stone at the entrance of the mountain cave. In the breeze, he stared at the sunset far in the distance The setting sun was really beautiful. Before this loner’s survival training, Zhang Tie had not seriously watched it. However, these days, he would always sit calmly somewhere and watch the sunset in the skyline until it fell behind the mountain and disappeared.

This was another reason for why Zhang Tie came to like the loner’s survival training. Besides free running, he could also calmly sit anywhere he wanted and enjoy the beautiful sunset without worrying about being pointed at and called an idiot by surrounding horny students.

‘The world has its own beautiful scenery!’—this was Zhang Tie’s feeling when he was enjoying the sunset.

‘I wonder how long dad and mom haven’t enjoyed such a beautiful sunset.’

Thinking of their increasingly white hair due to hard work every day, Zhang Tie vowed that when he was rich he would definitely buy a big house just for them. That big house will contain two huge balconies, one to the east so that his parents could enjoy the first wisp of sunlight when they woke up; the other to the west so that they could enjoy the beautiful sunset sitting on a very comfortable huge chair on sunny days.

Previously, Zhang Tie might not have been able to make this dream come true even if he used up the rest of his life. However, now he understood that once he had enough power, he will definitely let his parents live such a pleasant life.

Although he could not make it at LV 2, what about LV 3? LV 4? LV 5? LV 6? LV 7? LV 8? LV 9? LV 10? His elder brother had told him a LV 10 military official in Blackhot city was qualified to be allocated with an independent villa...

Oh, and that appointment with Miss Daina!

……

When the sun finally set, the afterglow in the skyline also gradually dissipated. Several aboriginal residents of the mountain cave—bats—flew out and started their nightlife.

Zhang Tie then entered into the deep of the mountain cave where he could access the Castle of Black Iron and improve his strength using another method. As he had killed five huge wolves today, Zhang Tie knew that a new Trouble-reappearance Fruit would have formed on the small tree. He had concluded in the past few days that once he could kill more than three wild wolves or huge wolves, he could get a new Trouble-Reappearance Fruit on that very day.

He had eaten four Trouble-Reappearance Fruits these days, enabling him to choose eight Trouble-reappearance scenes and activating over 23 wolf souls [1] at once, 22 of which had wild wolves and one a huge wolf. Little by little he started to discover more and more secrets about the Trouble-reappearance Fruit...

After eating the third and the fourth Trouble-reappearance Fruits, Zhang Tie had found that the fruits actually contained two elements, namely Trouble-reappearance scene and wolf souls. He could allocate the wolf souls at his own will and arrange them in his designated Trouble-reappearance scene.

After activating them, they would fight him. The two elements of Trouble-reappearance Fruit could be joined or separated at his will. Each Trouble-reappearance Fruit would bring him two more elements that could be used to further improve his fighting skills, namely fighting environment and fighting objectives.

The Trouble-reappearance Fruit was really great. It was simply amazing. After practicing in Trouble-reappearance Fruit, Zhang Tie felt his fighting and killing skills were rapidly improving.

After killing five huge wolves today, he couldn’t wait to try fighting six huge wolves and 22 wild wolves at the same time in the Trouble-reappearance Fruit…

---

[1] Zhang Tie named it himself.



* * *





Chapter 132




After entering the Trouble-reappearance Scene, at the sight of roughly 30 wolves, including 6 huge wolves and 23 common, at least 2 of which were head wolves, Zhang Tie became somewhat regretful. He knew that he would definitely die miserably this time.

Before entering, Zhang Tie had chosen the riverside where he had killed the latest wild wolf. Almost the second Zhang Tie entered the Trouble-reappearance Scene, the 30 wolves rushed out of the reeds, exposing their canines at Zhang Tie.

While the pack of wolves rushed towards him, Zhang Tie threw six lances with both hands, like a lightning bolt. In a split second, two huge wolves and four wild wolves were pierced through by his lances and fell down.

Originally, Zhang Tie intended to aim for the six huge wolves. Of course, it didn’t precisely mean that he had failed to hit them. Unexpectedly, when he threw out his lances towards the six huge wolves, the surrounding wild wolves dashed ahead and stopped the lances for the huge wolves using their own bodies. So he only hit two huge wolves, while the other four lances were caught by the four wild wolves.

Seeing such an emergency, Zhang Tie was really startled. He then instantly realized that the wild wolves which he had been fighting with these days were becoming smarter and trickier. It seemed that he was not the only one who could improve his fighting and killing skills. The wolf souls inside the Trouble-reappearance Scene had also improved, which was finally shown today.

The only thing in the wolves that remained unchanged was the endless hatred in their eyes.

After throwing the six lances, Zhang Tie immediately turned back and exerted his utmost efforts to escape. He wanted to try whether a LV 2 warrior could gain a beacon of hope from the remaining pack of wolves. If he only fought them at the risk of his life, he would definitely die. This time, being akin to the scene when he was chased by the seven wolves on the grassland, the only factors that he could use were environment and terrain.

Zhang Tie then escaped closely followed by the pack of wolves. He ran so fast, yet the huge wolves could run faster. He didn’t move more than 50 m by the riverside when he felt wind behind his head. Twisting his body, Zhang Tie immediately pulled out his dagger from his waist and thrust it towards the abdomen of the huge wolf charging at him from behind.

Huge wolves’ strength and aggressiveness could never by matched by common wild wolves. If it was a common wild wolf, Zhang Tie could have easily finished this counterattack without even decelerating. However, it was a huge wolf whose strength and speed caused him to stagger.

After falling onto the ground, the huge wolf even rushed two steps forward due to the huge inertia. After that, he turned back and glared at Zhang Tie, seemingly wanting to charge at him once again. However, he soon fell to the ground as Zhang Tie’s thrust had completely opened his abdomen.

At the same time, Zhang Tie realized that he could not escape anymore. He understood that even if he was one level higher than the huge wolves, he could still not match speed with them. Maybe it could be feasible when he reached LV 3, but he could definitely not match them for the time being.

Although he could not really die in the Trouble-reappearance Scene, he could feel pain. So not wanting to die miserably, Zhang Tie immediately made the same choice that he would have done in the real situation if he was chased by so many wolves—he jumped into the river.

Water along the riverside was only as deep as his knees. It was muddy under his feet, so it was very difficult to walk inside. Only after two steps after jumping into the river, Zhang Tie’s shoes were already stuck to the mud. Two steps more, and he could only escape on barefoot.

The wild wolves closely following him all rushed into the river without any hesitation. Zhang Tie had already predicted that. Because after he had eaten the first Trouble-reappearance Fruit, Zhang Tie had attempted to jump into the black hole many times, however, he found out that soon after he jumped inside, the wild wolves also followed him in. They would not stop chasing him until either they, or he, died. They dared to jump into a black hole, let alone a river.

Less than 10 m from the river’s shore, the water level had already reached his thighs. The river was not turbulent. It flowed calmly, and so did the part which would be drowned in flood while showing itself when the water receded.

Zhang Tie turned back and found a huge wolf 1.7-2 m away from him.

Not until then had he realized that wolves could swim well.

Wolves swam using dog paddle. Zhang Tie also learned to dog paddle at school. Judging from swimming gestures, he could not even match wolves in swimming skills.

In the Trouble-reappearance Scene, a battle between human and wolves that could never be seen in reality would happen in the river.

As most of Zhang Tie’s legs below his knees were in the mud, he could barely move his feet, let alone using them to attack wolves. Similarly, the pack of wolves swimming towards him were also slower due to the resistance in the water. So their largest threat to Zhang Tie became their sharp canines.

When in water, the matrix of the wolves became disordered. Seeing this, Zhang Tie burst out laughing and threw the dagger in his hand. Using a Wrestle-Hand Move from Iron-Blood Fist, he wrestled the neck of the huge wolf. As a response, the huge wolf prepared to bite Zhang Tie’s wrist. At this time, Zhang Tie’s two hands ferociously punched its ears like hammers, causing blood to burst out from its eyes. Even though this hurt it badly, the front paws of the huge wolf also scratched Zhang Tie’s arms, leaving some bloody marks.

In only one round, both parties were bleeding.

However, the fact was that Zhang Tie acted faster. The disparity between a LV 2 warrior and a LV 1 wolf could not be easily ignored either. The moment the huge wolf lowered his head due to Zhang Tie’s hammer-like punches, Zhang Tie grabbed it around its neck once again. With a sound of ‘Ka cha’, the huge wolf’s neck was broken.

Zhang Tie loosened his grip before sinking the huge wolf into the river. Behind this huge wolf were more wolves with eyes shining red. Zhang Tie had no way to escape once again.

“Ha… ha… cool!” Zhang Tie burst out laughing. “Come on, you beasts, since I could kill you all before, I can also kill you all now. Do you want revenge? Come on!”

A battle between a human and wolves started...

In the shallow river, a pack of wolves launched a war on a person. In muddy water, Zhang Tie surged left and right using his Hammer-like Punch Move and Wrestle-Hand Move, causing bloody ripples.

Without fighting in water, Zhang Tie would have never known the difficulties of it. He felt his physical strength dissipating so fast that each move in water would consume strength numerous times greater than that required fighting on the bank. The faster he moved, the more strength he would consume due to the greater resistance in water. Each step in the deep river mud would also bring him more difficulty.

Only after 10 minutes, over 10 dead wild wolves were floating in the river. Zhang Tie had also suffered more than 20 wounds. At this time, he understood another law, even if his level was higher than that of wild wolves, his endurance could never match theirs. Each wild wolf had amazing endurance.

Gradually, he felt his hands becoming more and more clumsy, causing weaker attacking strength and speed. However, the wild wolves kept surging forward without even knowing what tiredness was, only wanting to bite him.

Seeing them so tenacious, Zhang Tie’s morality and cruelty were also triggered. Gritting his teeth, he continued to fight the wolves, seemingly having fully forgotten about the increasing wounds on his body.

After staying in the Trouble-reappearance Scene for so long time, Zhang Tie found he had also gained more endurance, being able to ignore more of his pain and wounds.

Five minutes later, a few more wild wolves were killed, causing more wounds on Zhang Tie’s body. Thankfully, the wounds were not fatal. By then, their battlefield had already stretched to dozens of meters along the shallow river.

Zhang Tie started to feel his hammer-like punches becoming weaker and weaker. It would take him longer to break a wolf’s neck. Just now, it had taken him too long, and he couldn’t respond to the wolf’s counterattack timely, causing a bite on his arm from another wolf.

Pained, Zhang Tie became more ferocious. Although another wolf was hanging on his arm, he still chose to break the neck of the wolf in his hand’s first before breaking the neck of the wolf on his arm.

The last ferocious attack seemed like the last bright look of a person who was going to die soon after. After taking care of the wolf hanging on his arm, Zhang Tie felt his hands becoming soft, which could not even break a noodle. At this time, another wolf launched its attack. To respond, Zhang Tie immediately lurched aside.

However, for some reason at this critical moment, Zhang Tie suddenly became stunned for a short time, during which the wolf bit Zhang Tie’s shoulder, pushing him into the water, closely followed by the remaining wolves...

Half a minute later, with a sound of ‘Boom’, the entire Trouble-reappearance Scene dissipated into light rain before disappeared...

This was the most bloody and miserable battle with wild wolves that Zhang Tie had experienced, and it ended up with wild wolves as the winners.

Sitting under the Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree, Zhang Tie opened his eyes like when he had entered the Trouble-reappearance Scene just now. He then raised his head and looked at the rolling colorful fog in the sky within the Castle of Black Iron with a bit of confusion, puzzlement, and even shock in his eyes!

‘How could that happen...’ Zhang Tie mumbled. ‘How could I feel like having stepped onto a sharp thing just now? How could such a sharp thing appear in the mud of the shallow river in the Trouble-reappearance Scene? That was not necessary. Did it want to test my responsiveness?”

Zhang Tie didn’t figure it out even after thinking about it for awhile. Just now, when he prepared to escape from the wolf’s attack, he stepped onto a sharp thing in the mud. Because of this, he became stunned, causing him to be killed by the wolves.

What if there really was such a sharp thing in the real river? A thought flashed across Zhang Tie’s mind like a lightning bolt...



* * *





Chapter 133




“Damn, I must be mad...” On the way, Zhang Tie mumbled this sentence for more than 50 times. However, he was driven by that idea to run towards that riverside where he had killed the wild wolf yesterday.

It was the second morning, and Zhang Tie had gotten up earlier than before. Not until he had arrived at the riverside where he had killed that wild wolf yesterday did the skyline start looking a bit white. However, the valley was still a bit dim. The two moons in the sky were like two silver plates, completely round: one big, the other small. Using them as well as the stubborn stars that felt reluctant to disappear, Zhang Tie could approximately judge the paths in the valley.

At this hour, most other students attending this survival training wouldn’t have even gotten up, or had just done that. With the exception of Zhang Tie, no one else would appear in this place more than 10 km away from the Wild Wolf Castle for no reason.

Zhang Tie ran over here from ‘No. 2 base’, getting the lower part of his trousers wet from the dew on grasses and leaves in the process.

He came here with his lance container on his back and dagger and long sword on his waist. Upon arriving, he squatted down at the riverside and carefully observed his surroundings to make sure that nobody else was around and that no dangerous aquatic beasts like crocodiles were in the river.

After that, he came to the red willow which was close to the place where he was killed by the wild wolves yesterday in the Trouble-reappearance Scene. Next to the red willow, Zhang Tie put away his lance container and hung it onto the willow. Then he undid his long sword and took off his shoes, trousers, and other clothes. With a dagger in hand, he jumped into the river, nude.

The river felt icy in the early morning. The moment Zhang Tie’s feet touched the water, his whole body quivered, and goose bumps rose all over his skin.

“Damn, I must be mad...” Zhang Tie mumbled and waded towards that place where he was killed by that wild wolf in the Trouble-reappearance Scene.

As the riverbed was covered with mud, when water level reached Zhang Tie’s thighs, it became very difficult to move, especially for him who waded through while searching for something in the mud using his feet.

That place was only 10 m away from the riverside. When he arrived there, Zhang Tie slowed his pace and slowly searched for that sharp item in the area. Five minutes later, he finally felt the same thing that he had encountered in the mud yesterday.

He tried to move it using his feet, but unexpectedly, it was very heavy. A part of it seemed to be buried in the mud. Zhang Tie carefully explored it using his feet and felt that is shaped like an ox-horn. However, it had to be heavier than that since he could not grab it out of the water using his feet.

Zhang Tie threw his dagger onto the bank, then closed his eyes and took a deep breath before lowering himself into the muddy water. After touching that thing using his hands, he exerted his utmost effort to pull it out.

It was very heavy, at least more than 20 kg in weight. It was a bit lighter in water, but after taking it out, the weight increased for Zhang Tie.

There was truly something in the river; and it really seemed like an ox horn! Zhang Tie’s heart pounded. Before carefully observing the item in his hand, he first washed that thing in the water to make it a bit cleaner. After that, he waded back towards the bank.

When he was about to get ashore, Zhang Tie put it beneath the red willow. After landing, he found a puddle with cleaner water beside the red willow and started to clean the mud off his body. While doing so, he found two pieces of ‘mud’ tightly stuck to this skin, which could not be washed off. Touching them, Zhang Tie was startled by their softness. It wasn’t mud at all!

He hurriedly beat them. However, he could not beat them off. He then pinched one, aiming to pull it off his skin. Unexpectedly, that thing kept sucking his skin even when Zhang Tie had extended its body to 10 cm long.

“Ah...”

Zhang Tie became restless and started to shout loudly. After increasing his pulling force, he immediately tore that soft thing off and threw it onto the ground, then did the same to the other one. Seeing them still moving on the ground while the places where he was stung had small wounds and were bleeding, Zhang Tie felt goose bumps rise all over once again.

He then instantly checked his body, especially his bottom and the surroundings of his p*nis. Thankfully, no more were found. He then hurriedly put on his clothes, finally recalling that the soft thing must be a leech. Damn, it felt more horrible being stung by leeches than being bitten by two huge wolves. These mollusks were really terrifying.

With face turning a bit pale, Zhang Tie hurriedly put on his clothes, and carrying his lance container, long sword, and dagger, took up the ox-horn-like thing from near the tree root. After confirming that nobody was around, he took a better hold of it and accelerated towards his No. 1 base.

Zhang Tie moved so fast that before dawn fell, he had already arrived at his No. 1 base. It was a mountain cave drilled by a gold-eating boa. From the natural mark system at the entrance, he knew that neither people nor animals had entered since he had left.

Reassured, Zhang Tie arrived at a hidden place inside the cave according to his memory and feeling instead of using a torch. After fixing on that marvelous arched door in his mind, Zhang Tie entered the Castle of Black Iron.

——Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, welcome to the Castle of Black Iron!

This was the same greetings that Zhang Tie could hear everyday whenever he entered the Castle of Black Iron. By the time the words started to disappear, Zhang Tie had already put down his equipment. Holding a strange ox-horn-like thing, he came to the side of the pond and squatted down. He then grabbed a handful of grass and started to clean the item using them.

After cleaning off the mud using crystal spring water and grass, Zhang Tie could finally see its original look.

It was an aqua blue horn as long as 40 cm, with metal texture and luster, and circles of flowing cloud-shaped floral grains. Although similar to a part of a broken spearhead, Zhang Tie could confirm that it was not an ox horn.

It was both beautiful and heavy, radiating unusual charm from its bright color and its texture or natural-born mysterious floral grains. Playing with the item in his hand for quite a while, Zhang Tie couldn’t figure out what it was.

‘Maybe, when I become rich and can buy a big house for my parents, I’ll place it at home. Judging from its color and floral grains, it could be used as a nice ornament. Mom will love it!’ Thinking of this, Zhang Tie casually threw it aside.

That was Zhang Tie’s personality. If he couldn’t figure it out now, he would never waste time on it as he could use this time to improve his current strength.

Thinking of how to improve his strength, Zhang Tie thought back to what had happened in the Trouble-reappearance Fruit. He could finally confirm that everything in there was real. Maybe Trouble-reappearance Scene was a mirror that could reflect everything in the real world.

And for a mirror, a tree was no different from a gold mountain as it was not creating but reflecting. Anything inside the mirror was just a projection from the real world. As such, since a weird item was in the mud in the real world, it also exited in the Trouble-reappearance Scene. That was how it went. Perhaps such a weird item was nothing different from a roadside stone or a tree in the Trouble-reappearance Scene. It just exited there, like everything else in the real world.

Thinking back to the leeches sucking his blood just now, Zhang Tie suddenly thought it through. He finally understood how Trouble-reappearance Scene worked—besides spiritual creatures, everything inside it was no different from the real world. In the Trouble-reappearance Scene, even if a single ant or leech doesn’t appear, it’s only because they weren’t killed. Except for spiritual creatures, everything else that exists in the real world also appear in inside, even if it had not been sensed or seen by Zhang Tie.

Therefore, besides allowing Zhang Tie to fight various living beings, Trouble-reappearance Fruit also presented him with each detail of the real world, enabling him to be familiar with the ‘battlefield’ where he had fought the other living beings before. Thinking about it, if an item buried in the mud could be presented, then what couldn’t?

Something related to the Trouble-reappearance Scene flashed across Zhang Tie’s mind, yet he didn’t catch it. He only felt a trembling inside for a split second. Scratching his head, Zhang Tie tried to remember it for a quite while, but failed. After that, he stopped bothering himself about it. The sudden discovery of the delicate link between Trouble-reappearance Scene and the real world was already a great achievement today, so Zhang Tie was really satisfied.

Therefore, he felt really excited and highly spirited. Before leaving the Castle of Black Iron, he realized that his body still smelt of mud and fish. He must have not cleaned it off well at the riverside. So he took off his clothes again and took another cool bath in the pond.

After cleaning himself, Zhang Tie sensed a sharp smell. Picking up his clothes, he smelled sweat on them. After counting carefully, he realized that he had not changed his clothes for over a week. Although a loner, he was still a man who had to eat, sweat, empty his bowels, and sleep. No matter how handsome the loner was, he would not look clean after wearing his clothes for over one week and would smell weird.

So if a loner didn’t wash his clothes for over a month, he then wouldn’t need to hunt any more as prey would have already been scared away by his weird odor from several hundreds meters away. Let alone prey, even people would prefer to stay at least five meters away from him as his weird odor would kill everything.

Zhang Tie really didn’t want to be a ‘loner’ that smelled weird. He didn’t like that, and thought that no girl would like that, either...

Thankfully, Zhang Tie had prepared more than one set of clothes and shoes for this survival training. The clean clothes were in the Castle of Black Iron at this time. Being naked, Zhang Tie lowered his head and stared at his ‘fully-fledged little bird[1]’. ‘Trust me, there are a great amount of girls waiting for you. For your sexy happiness, I will try my best to keep clean and cool. We will not go anywhere else this morning before washing clothes and cleaning ourselves, how about that?’

After saying that, Zhang Tie held his little bird and shook it in a lecherous way. At the same time, he changed his voice to a younger brother’s. ‘Fine! But I really miss Alice and Beverly these days, I want to do disgusting and terrifying things with them. I want to play with their small golden fishes[2], what should I do then?’

Zhang Tie changed to his own voice. “Trust me, as long as I grow stronger and more powerful, they will not leave me. So they’ll belong to you sooner or later; their small golden fishes will also belong to you sooner or later!”

Thinking of their small golden fishes, Zhang Tie’s small bird expanded immediately, seemingly waking up in a split second.

‘Come on, then!’ Zhang Tie changed to the same tender voice. ‘I will, beauty is the source of happiness!’

After living alone for one week, Zhang Tie gradually got used to talking to himself. As long as nobody was around, he would not mind talking to his ‘weird bird’ to improve his own mood and relieve his tension. If he was noticed doing this kind of weird behavior by other hypocrites, Zhang Tie’s pervert’s and leecher’s status would never be wiped off for the rest of his life. However, in the Castle of Black Iron, he did not have to worry about that at all...

[1] Fully-fledged little bird refers to his genital covered with pubic hair.

[2]Small golden fishes refer to the tongues of the girls.



* * *





Chapter 134




In the next couple of days, Zhang Tie didn’t obtain anything else, neither from that small tree nor the Wild Wolf Valley. His luck seemed to have been used up.

Since saving Bonder’s group by killing five huge wolves, and one common wild wolf, Zhang Tie had not met even one wolf in the Wild Wolf Valley for two consecutive days. Though he met other kinds of animals, such as boars, hares, pheasants, argalis, and pangolins. He even saw a fat water badger swaggering not far from him. However, Zhang Tie didn’t kill them as he was focusing on the Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit, which was not even half ripe. Besides, since he had sufficient food supplies, there was no need to kill them.

Zhang Tie would never kill animals for no reason. Even if it was very easy for him to kill them—as told by his mom—he would not kill them because it was not necessary.

He could improve his strength by killing wild wolves; however, he could get nothing from killing the weak animals, even if that boar could pose a threat to him.

Several days ago, Zhang Tie had killed a huge wolf. As told by Donder, Zhang Tie had shredded its leg meat. After smoking the pieces on a pile of burning half-dried pine twigs for an entire afternoon, he hung them at the entrance of the mountain cave to dry them up.

Donder had told him that if he had no sufficient salt and spice to deal with meat, he could keep it fresh longer by smoking and drying it. Zhang Tie then tried it and testified that it was true. To tell the truth, that smoked meat of the huge wolf tasted special really and nice. Like dried meat that had been dealt with, Zhang Tie could eat these pieces directly by cutting them off. Therefore, he had enough food. What he really needed were wild wolves.

One month since the survival training started, in order to obtain more food, the other teams were becoming braver than before and were gradually venturing farther away from the Wild Wolf Castle. As a result, wild wolves’ living space narrowed step by step. The number of wild wolves was also decreasing. So it became more and more difficult to hunt them. From the beginning of the survival training to now, Zhang Tie estimated that over 1000 wild wolves had been killed by people. Even if Will Wolf Castle was filled with them before, people could hardly see any now.

Because it was more and more difficult to hunt prey, the second month of the survival training was the most testing period to the students. Thankfully, Zhang Tie had left enough food for his friends to survive the rest of the training.

Compared to food, Zhang Tie feared more about Glaze’s group since they might find Barley and Pandora trouble. Such a mean, vicious, and powerful guy was the most dangerous one.

Blues said Glaze was even more powerful than a golden wolf. Zhang Tie assumed that perhaps Glaze had hidden his real strength to a certain degree at school. Otherwise, he must have broken through in this survival training. Generally, he preferred to regard Glaze as LV 3 warrior. He should not view him as a LV 2 warrior any more.

Zhang Tie knew that others would also make progress, not only he alone. Nobody would remain unchanged. Even if Sharlon, Zuhair, and Garner, the lackeys of Glaze had ignited their Shrine burning point one day, Zhang Tie would not be surprised about it either.

Never imagine your enemy as kind as you; never imagine your enemy as the same one that you have always known. If you violated that law, it would be very dangerous for you.

Similarly, whether Glaze’s group had known that one day after he would ignite the second burning point on his spine and became a LV 3 warrior?

Therefore, after staying in the No.2 base for another two days, namely one day before the latest Leakless Fruit became ripe, Zhang Tie made an important decision—marching to the Crescent Prairie.

This morning, after the sun set up, Zhang Tie carried his luggage and arranged his equipment before leaving that mountain cave on the cliff.

It was a sunny day with white clouds all over the sky. Based on his meticulousness as a loner and the experience that had been imparted by Blues, Zhang Tie had already explored the road last afternoon and had found a new base for himself in the border between the Wild Wolf Valley and the Crescent Prairie.

As he walked forward, the terrain of the valley became increasingly broader. At the same time, the hills inside the valley gradually became sparse, the highland in the valley also became lower. As if pressed down by an invisible hand over the valley, the shrubs and arbors that Zhang Tie could see also became increasingly lower and fewer.

In contrast, the amount of herbal plants gradually increased. Later, with the exception of a few shrubs among great patches of grasslands and hills, and the two high ranges extending from the valley, he could not even see a single tall arbor in the valley anymore. All this reminded Zhang Tie that he was still in the Wild Wolf Valley. However, the increasingly lower mountain ranges told him that he would exit Wild Wolf Valley not in the not too distant time.

Such broad terrain was most dangerous to birdies who were still warriors [1]. They could hardly escape from beast attacks since the surroundings provided little to no places to aid in escaping or hiding.

Because of this, Zhang Tie mainly chose to march along the mountain slope in the southeast of the Wild Wolf Valley. Road on the mountain slope was bad. Compared to the road in the valley, it would take him more time and strength to finish the same distance, but here one could easily find dangers in advance.

When in dangers, one could have more terrain to make use of. What made one most reassured in the simplest way was that although no tall arbors could be seen in the valley, there were still some on the mountain slopes, which could work as the best shelter for one to escape from dangerous beast attacks.

Zhang Tie had practiced climbing trees many times these days.

On the way, Zhang Tie also saw some caves made by gold-eating boas. However, compared to the amount of them surrounding the Wild Wolf Castle, the closer it was to Crescent Prairie, the fewer caves of gold-eating boas there were, indicating that they posed weaker threat to other wild beasts and various mutated living beings. In other words, more dangerous living beings would exist outside. Not only dangerous living beings, even if the amount of common wild wolves would gradually increase.

Naturally, the prairie was the hunting field of wolf packs!

On the way, due to perfect vision angle from the mountain slope, Zhang Tie saw more and more wild wolf packs in the valley far in the distance, 2-3 at least, 10 at most. This made him highly spirited. He felt that the first ripe Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit was greeting him.

‘All the strength of a wild wolf!’ Zhang Tie already heavily drooled inwardly.

“Help...ah...”

When Zhang Tie was less than 1 km away from the base that he had chosen after trekking for an entire morning, a wind from Crescent Prairie brought a shout for helps and groans into Zhang Tie’s ears. In the beginning, he thought it was just his imagination since he had not met a person the entire morning. But several steps further, Zhang Tie heard the voice once again. This time he realized that it was not his mind playing tricks on him, but a real voice coming from up ahead.

“Hel...p...”

Zhang Tie immediately pulled out of a lance from his lance container. Bowing his body, he became careful and walked forward stealthily. Less than 20 m ahead, he saw the guy who was seeking help in a weak voice.

At first sight, that guy was lying on the ground, but Zhang Tie didn’t go there. Instead, he squatted down and carefully searched the surroundings to confirm that there were no traps or ambushes set, and that the guy was not pretending to be wounded. Only then did Zhang Tie stood up and ran towards him.

Since he was born, Zhang Tie had seen many unlucky guys. However, this one today must have the worst luck of them all. Even Doug was not this unlucky. How bad did one’s luck have to be that he would step onto a bear trap set by another person.

On the grassland at the foot of the mountain ahead, a pioneer was lying on the ground while a basin-sized bear trap was gripping his left shin. As a result, bloodstains could be seen everywhere on the ground and his trousers. Some of them being from that unlucky guy, while the rest were from two wolves lying dead on the ground.

Zhang Tie walked over and found that guy was still with closed eyes, face as white as paper. He was at the edge of spiritual collapse, only having the last breath to say ‘help...’ using all his efforts and groan once in awhile.

Firstly, Zhang Tie checked the blood stains on the beast clip and his wounds. Judging from the dark blood stains and gore, Zhang Tie knew that it had happened more than ten hours ago. That unlucky guy’s shin was directly broken by the bear trap, while the two rows of saw teeth were tightly biting into his flesh. At the sight of the wounds, Zhang Tie was really shocked.

After checking his wounds, Zhang Tie moved his eyes onto the two dead wild wolves. After simply touching their stiffness, Zhang Tie only gained more proof for his initial thought—this unlucky guy was lying here since last night.

Zhang Tie could even imagine what had happened here at that time—that guy must have wandered into the Wild Wolf Valley last night out of some reason and absent-mindedly stepped onto such a disgusting bear trap. As a result, he fell down and screamed miserably, which attracted the two wild wolves. Thankfully, he killed them. After that, he just lay on the ground overnight. Fortunately, he was still alive until now, although only with the last wisp of breath.

Zhang Tie looked around and found nobody else. That guy just lay there alone. At the same time, some black points were flying high in the sky, eagles or vultures.

If he didn’t save him today, this guy would hardly live through tonight. He might be eaten before dusk. On the way here, Zhang Tie had seen more than one wild wolf wandering around. Judging from this guy’s current situation, he would definitely be killed by another attacker, whoever it was.

“Hel...p...” almost in a coma, that guy mumbled once again. Wordless, Zhang Tie scratched his head and glanced at that 20 or so years old face again. He then thought back to how his mom had cried at the sight of the photo of his eldest brother and sighed. ‘I will help you...’

After taking off his luggage and lance container, Zhang Tie put them on the grass to the side and carefully helped that guy sit up. He kept the stranger’s upper body straight and let him sit close to his legs. After that, he carefully took away the dagger from the guy’s hand. He didn’t want to be scratched by accident when the guy regained consciousness. If that happened, he himself would be the most unlucky guy.

After one night’s struggle and losing a great amount of blood, that guy looked like white paper, and his lips were covered with white rips like crops that had not been watered for several years. Lifting him up with one hand, Zhang Tie took off his kettle from his waist and opened its lid. He then moved that kettle close to that guy’s mouth and let him sip a mouthful of water.

The water inside the kettle originated from the quality mountain spring in the Castle of Black Iron. This was the best water that Zhang Tie had ever drunk since he was born. It was crystal clear, sweet, and smooth. From the moment he drank a mouthful of this kind of water, he had kept drinking it the past few days.

Only ten seconds after sipping a mouthful of water, that guy’s vitality and instincts seemed to have been reawoken. He started to murmur out of consciousness, “Water… water… water...”

Zhang Tie then slowly fed him more, afraid of him suffocating if he took too much. After drinking several mouthfuls of water, the guy’s throat started to quiver. Then, he started to drink faster. Not until he finished drinking half of the water in the kettle did Zhang Tie move it away from his lips, waiting for him to recover his physical strength and consciousness.

Only after one minute, did this guy finally open his eyes. After glancing at Zhang Tie, he immediately closed his eyes. More than 10 seconds later, he opened his eyes once again. Meeting Zhang Tie’s eyes once again, he slowly uttered in a hoarse voice, “Thank you...”

Seeing that guy recovering his consciousness a bit and already knowing that Zhang Tie had helped him, Zhang Tie finally let out a sigh. If he could wake up, everything could be easily dealt with. Besides opening his eyes, judging from his raising chest, this guy could also breathe a bit more smoothly now. So his life might have been saved.

Like teachers had said, water was really the source of life which could never be replaced. Without water, no living beings could survive.

Letting him sit against his leg, Zhang Tie planned to let him recover his physical strength for a bit.

Only after two minutes, the guy seemed to have recovered some more.

“Do you have some more water...”

Zhang Tie then passed his kettle. This time, the guy could already hold the kettle by himself. While he was gulping down the water, Zhang Tie flicked the kettle at the guy’s waist over. The empty sound drifted in his ears, making him speechless again—what an unlucky guy! After finishing drinking his water, he then stepped onto a bear trap, and had struggled for the whole night. No wonder he was so thirsty.

[1] One is a warrior until LV 6. After that, he would be a fighter, then a knight.



* * *





Chapter 135




Sitting on the ground, the guy soon bottomed up Zhang Tie’s kettle. He didn’t mind that. While the guy was heavily breathing after drinking up the water, Zhang Tie found he was even a bit younger than he had speculated before. The dirt covering his face and the mustache that had not been shaved for many days caused him to look several years older. Actually, he was just a bit older than 20 years old.

After taking his empty kettle back, Zhang Tie asked, “Can you eat something now? I think it would help you recover as soon as possible!”

Hearing this, the guy nodded and started to reach for something at his waist. Seeing him taking out compressed dried rations from his small leather bag, Zhang Tie stopped him. “Eat mine. Compressed dried rations cannot provide you enough heat. It could never match meat. Can you sit up by yourself now?”

The guy nodded and struggled to sit up, supporting himself by placing his hands on the ground. During this movement, he slightly moved the bear trap that had bitten onto his shin, and cold sweat could be seen once again forming on his forehead. However, he gritted his teeth and remained silent.

Seeing him gritting his teeth and sitting up alone, Zhang Tie nodded inwardly. One who dared to wander in the Wild Wolf Valley at midnight truly was a tough man.

“Sit here, I will give some food for you!”

After saying this, Zhang Tie walked towards the bamboo-woven cage that contained the dried meat of the huge wolf.

When Zhang Tie turned away, the eyes of the guy sitting on the ground immediately became sharp. He rapidly peered at the dagger that had been thrown aside by Zhang Tie and glanced over Zhang Tie with alert eyes. During this process, he took in every details about Zhang Tie, including his age, height, physique, clothes, weapons, and his luggage that contained his sleeping bag. Nothing on Zhang Tie could escape from his eyes. After doing this, the guy winked, seemingly thinking about something. After that, he slumped down while the alertness in his eyes disappeared.

Zhang Tie, who had turned away to get food for him, didn’t know the thoughts that had flashed across the man behind him.

The dried meat of the huge wolf was put into a bamboo-woven schoolbag-sized food container that could be fixed on his waist, which was a necessity in survival training in the wild. The cages were woven by girls in the Wild Wolf Castle using bamboo and reeds, which worked the best. Although Zhang Tie could access the Castle of Black Iron at any time, he didn’t want himself to look too special. So for basic belongings and food, he preferred to carry them on his person. Even in the wild, Zhang Tie didn’t like to casually access Castle of Black Iron without necessity, since it would increase the risk of exposing his biggest secret. Additionally, his strength could increase by carrying these items with him.

Zhang Tie took out a smoked jerky of the huge wolf. The guy didn’t pick at the food, nor did he say polite words. Instead, he directly took it and engulfed it. After that, he rested for another several minutes, during which he greatly improved both spiritually and physically.

“Thank you for saving my life. If not for you, I would have hardly survive this night!” Although still weak, the guy still seriously stared at Zhang Tie with his cyan eyes. “Please let me know my savior’s name!”

“I’m Zhang Tie!”

“Are you a student attending survival training in the Wild Wolf Valley?”

“Yes!” Zhang Tie looked at him, not feeling it improper to tell him his status as a student attending the survival training. Since there were many students attending the training all over the Wild Wolf Valley, it was no secret. “What’s your name?”

“I’m Salvey!”

“Few people are as unlucky as you!” Zhang Tie looked at the bear trap on Salvey’s shin. “How do you feel now? Have you recovered a bit? I cannot open it by myself. I’m afraid if I can’t open it and let it close up again, you will suffer a greater pain. It seems like you’ve already tried it by yourself...”

Salvey’s pale face looked a bit embarrassed. “It would take a LV 5 strength to open it alone, my strength is not big enough...”

Last night, Salvey had already tried twice to open it by himself. However, the result was the one that Zhang Tie had mentioned. He could not open it and had no choice but to let it close up again, only causing him to suffer more pain.

“There are too many pioneers coming to the Crescent Prairie to hunt for golden wolves and pick Goose-neck Grass. There’s no way to know who had set the bear trap here!” Zhang Tie looked at Salvey full of sympathy. “Are you here to hunt golden wolves and Pick up Goose-neck Grass too? Why did you come over here to the Wild Wolf Valley? There are no golden wolves or Goose-neck Grasses here...”

After going blank for seconds, Salvey replied to eliminate Zhang Tie’s doubt, “It was dark, and I wasn’t familiar with the terrain...”

Zhang Tie didn’t doubt it after hearing the explanation. If it was not for the two items, why else would anyone wander into the Wild Wolf Valley and the Crescent Prairie? Picking up wolves’ sh*t? Blues said many pioneers had arrived at the Crescent Prairie these days and Salvey must be one of them.

Based on his own life experiences, Zhang Tie didn’t realize that Salvey was escaping from his doubt. So he thought that Salvey had just admitted his purpose here.

After resting for a couple of minutes, Salvey’s face regained some color. He nodded towards Zhang Tie to indicate that he was ready to open it together with Zhang Tie.

“You don’t need to rest more?” Zhang Tie asked, a bit worried about him.

“No more, this time, we two might be able to deal with it...”

“Fine, hope we can succeed...”

On the steel bars with saw teeth on both sides were a row of round holes. Such a design was to relieve the weight of the bear trap, and was convenient for one to open it. Since Salvey had expressed that he could do it, Zhang Tie said nothing more.

He then held the bear trap using his hands, allowing Salvey to move his foot to another direction and lift up his knee so that they could use their efforts to open it together. After inserting their fingers into the round holes, they exchanged glances and nodded at the same time.

“After I count to three, let’s do it together...” Zhang Tie said.

Salvey nodded and took a deep breath.

“One… two… three… Go!”

The two used all their strength to pull the bear trap open, and the saw teeth started to leave Salvey’s shin.

When the saw teeth were pulled out of Salvey’s wounds, Zhang Tie felt Salvey’s body quiver all over. At the same time, Salvey’s strength became weaker, causing the bear trap’s force on his side to increase abruptly.

Zhang Tie instantly shouted, “Stand it, come on...”

Zhang Tie’s face turned red while Salvey’s face increasingly turned paler. Sweat drops formed on their foreheads at the same time. Soon after that, the huge mouth of the bear trap slowly opened again.

“Right now...”

When Salvey’s shin could be fully pulled out of the beast clip, without Zhang Tie prompting, Salvey used his last energy to pull his leg back and get it out of the huge mouth of the bear trap. After that, they loosened their hands at the same time. With a sound of ‘Ka’, the bear trap closed once again.

Just after such a short exercise, the two were so tired that they sat on the ground, breathing heavily. The jaws of this bear trap were really powerful...

The moment the trap left Salvey’s shin, the wounds torn open by the saw teeth bled once again. However, this time, the blood looked a bit dark. After tearing off the part of trousers covering Salvey’s shin, Zhang Tie found that the lower part of Salvey’s shin was swollen like a turnip and looked black and shiny due to the gore. After poking it using his finger, Zhang Tie found that the pioneer didn’t feel it at all.

Salvey also noticed this. He tried it by himself and realized that he could feel no pain on the shin beneath the wounds. Naturally he knew what this meant; his face twitched once again.

“If we don’t deal with it at once, your shin might have to be cut off then...” Zhang Tie solemnly said to Salvey.

Salvey’s eyes became brighter hearing Zhang Tie’s words, and he hurriedly asked, “You could deal with it..?”

“I’ve heard about it from others. As it will touch your broken bones and wounds, it might be very painful. I don’t know if you’ll be able to stand it or not...”

“Come on...”

Salvey gritted his teeth.

“Fine, you have to stand it. In your case, it’s more important to make your blood near the wounds flow smoothly than wrapping them. I have to let the dead blood flow out in case of further damaging your shin...”

Zhang Tie couldn't be sure of success, but Donder had told him that this was the only method at this time. Yet, it was really his first time attempting something like this.

Salvey nodded seriously.

Zhang Tie pitched the part beneath Salvey’s knee using his hands and pushed downwards along the wounds like pushing out milk...

The moment Zhang Tie increased his strength, Salvey’s eyes popped out. After a loud scream, he stopped Zhang Tie. “Wait for a moment, please..”

Zhang Tie looked at him and stopped...

Salvey heavily gasped for air, a bit embarrassed. “Can you fetch me a stick so that I can bite into it...”

30 seconds later, Salvey bit into a stick fetched by Zhang Tie. Seeing Salvey having prepared, and nodding, Zhang Tie continued.

This time, Salvey didn’t scream, instead, his whole body started to tremble repetitively and twist like a fish thrown onto a stone to dry under the sunshine.

No matter what, Zhang Tie didn’t stop, since his actions wouldn’t kill the pioneer. So although he was a bit hesitant at the beginning, he moved faster and more ferociously as time went by. Several minutes later, the blood in Salvey’s shin could finally, smoothly flow downwards, and looked normal. However, Salvey looked as if he was scooped out of water—wet all over.

“Is it done?” Salvey asked when he felt Zhang Tie stop. He felt like he’d just survived hell itself.

“It’s done...”

Zhang Tie patted his hands.

Hearing the words, Salvey revealed a brilliant smile of one who had survived a great trouble.

“I’ve finished the preparations. Now we’ll officially start it...”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, Salvey rolled up his eyes and fell backwards.

“Ah, why did you pass out...”

‘You really have poor willpower!’

Zhang Tie shook his head and started to recover Salvey’s senses in his shin. First, he still needed to eliminate the dirty blood in the shin, only then could the fresh blood flow in, and Salvey’s shin start recovering. Together with fresh blood would be fresh energy and nutrients that could recover vitality in the muscles and nerves.

He could push away the dirty blood like how he pushed milk. However, Salvey’s wounds were above his shin. Therefore, the dirty blood could not flow out by itself—just like a dead pond. Over one night, it might have already conglomerated in the vessels of his shin, causing it to be more difficult to push it upwards.

Thinking of Donder’s guidance, Zhang Tie then took out his dagger and opened two wounds of medium depth along the direction of muscle fibre in Salvey’s shin before starting to push hard on his shin. With his efforts, the black, dirty blood started to constantly flow out of the wounds on Salvey’s shin.

At first, the dirty blood being pushed out was black, then it turned purple-black, purple-red, and finally recovered to normal red. At that time, the black, bright swollen shin also gradually recovered to normal due to Zhang Tie’s hard work.

After all this, Zhang Tie pulled out some his medicine for healing wounds and pasted it onto Salvey’s injuries.

Stimulated by the medicine, Salvey gradually woke up. Opening his eyes, he saw Zhang Tie still working on his wounds; while the lower part of his shin felt a bit painful. Salvey almost started crying. It was the first time he thought that it was very nice to feel pain.

……

Twenty minutes later, Zhang Tie re-embarked on his path. However, this time, compared to that one hour ago, he had a companion—bad luck Salvey.

Salvey was both weak and embarrassed. Jumping on one foot, he supported himself with a branch fetched by Zhang Tie with one hand while the other was wrapped around Zhang Tie’s neck.

The two slowly walked towards the border between the Wild Wolf Valley and the Crescent Prairie. Salvey said he had several more companions in the border, so he only requested Zhang Tie to accompany him back to his base.

Now that Zhang Tie had saved his life, he naturally would not just leave him alone, especially since the man could not even move freely. With the belief to be a good man and help people for as long as it was necessary, Zhang Tie gritted his teeth and carried his luggage once again. He promised Salvey to send him back to his base to meet his companions. According to him, they were just 3-5 km away from Zhang Tie’s base.

‘It won’t take me too long time to come back after sending him back to his base.’ Thinking this, Zhang Tie agreed and considered it a good way to become more familiar with the surrounding terrain.

……



* * *





Chapter 136




They started during noon and finally completed the less than 10 km journey right before sunset.

Due to Salvey’s weakness, they had to rest several times on the way. If it wasn’t for the items Zhang Tie had to carry, he would have taken Salvey on his back. He still considered it for a couple of times.

Besides Salvey, Zhang Tie had without hesitation taken that bear trap. He had put it onto his package which added more than 5 kg to the already sizable weight on his back. Seeing the metal contraption, Salvey kept gritting his teeth.

Zhang Tie asked Salvey whether he would take the bear trap himself. Naturally, Salvey was not able to take it, so, Zhang Tie owned it. Facing the pioneer’s dubious eyes, he had explained that he could obtain about 20 silver coins by selling it in Blackhot City. Hearing his words, Salvey didn’t doubt him but felt speechless.

In truth, Zhang Tie admitted it only to himself but he was actually thinking about setting up Glaze and his lackeys using this bear trap. Salvey’s poor look brought an evil scene to his mind—Glaze or one of his lackeys gripped by those metal jaws like Salvey had been, and rolling around on the ground. If it happened, Zhang Tie would feel much better. So he decided to carry it on his back.

The distance they had to travel tested Zhang Tie’s endurance more than his physical strength.

When they reached the foot of the mountain, they moved only a bit faster than a tortoise. Thankfully Salvey expected to soon meet his companions around here, so except for necessary short rests, he had no mood to do anything else. Additionally, they weren’t unfortunate enough to meet any beasts on the way, enabling them to arrive at the base where Salvey’s companions stayed before sunset.

The base was on the other side of the range which extended out of the Wild Wolf Valley. If this range of dozens of kilometers in length was regarded as a bitter gourd, on the top of this bitter gourd would be the border between the Wild Wolf Valley and the Crescent Prairie. Zhang Tie stayed on the left side atop this bitter gourd while Salvey’s companions stayed on the right top-side of this bitter gourd. Once passing through the top of the bitter gourd, the two places were not far from each other.

……

“The birch forest in front is where we should meet up...”

Pointing at the birch forest on the hillside ahead, Salvey increased his pace with one arm over Zhang Tie’s neck. Seeing the target, Zhang Tie also let out a sigh, thinking about being able to come back to his own base before dusk.

After entering the birch forest with Salvey for less than 50 m, Zhang Tie abruptly felt goose bumps all over his neck. Without hesitation, he immediately rolled away.

The moment Zhang Tie rolled away, a blade flashed through the air, passing the place where he had stood moments before. There was a shadow sliding down from a birch. Realizing that he had not hit Zhang Tie, he chased after him, aiming to attack him once again.

“Stop, Miller..!” Salvey shouted out loudly.

With the luggage on his back, Zhang Tie’s flexibility was restricted. That shadow moved faster than him.

So overburdened, Zhang Tie moved like a tortoise. After two rolls on the ground, he pulled out his lance, but that guy’s blade had already come close to his neck. If it wasn’t for Salvey who had shouted “Stop..!”, Zhang Tie believed he would have definitely had his neck sliced. Looking at his lance, he found that he could at most pierce through his opponent’s abdomen. The outcome would be that the shadow guy would be heavily wounded, yet he himself would have kicked the bucket.

That guy called Miller had never imagined that Zhang Tie could respond so fast. He didn’t consider that Zhang Tie might be able to pull out his lance and prepare to pierce through his abdomen by the time he moved his blade close to his neck.

The moment Salvey shouted, the two people stopped at the same time. The tense atmosphere eased down somewhat. However, Zhang Tie and Miller goggled at each other without putting their weapons down.

Only after a few seconds, Zhang Tie’s back was drenched with sweat. After Huck and Snade, this was his second time coming this close to dying.

“Brat, I will count to three. If you don’t put down your weapon, my bow will definitely open a big hole in your neck, cooling you off...”

20 m away, another person in a gray cloak stood up from the shrubs with a bow in hand, an arrow nocked and ready to go. The sharp triangular arrowhead was targeted at Zhang Tie’s neck from 20 m away.

Zhang Tie felt goose bumps all over his neck once again.

“Harley, put down your bow. He saved me, so I let him accompany me back. Without him, I might not have even been able to return...” After saying that, Salvey shouted at Miller again, “Miller, you motherf*cker, before you chop people, won’t you tell me first!”

After exchanging glances, Miller and Harley seemed to notice the wounds on Salvey’s shin and that crutch made of a branch. They then moved away their weapons.

“Hey, brat, it’s really surprising how fast you moved!”

Miller laughed out loudly without caring about what he had almost done to Zhang Tie just now. Putting the long machete back into its holder, he then stretched out his hands towards Zhang Tie who was still lying on the ground. Zhang Tie didn’t pull on his hands but picked himself up from the ground without saying anything. Seeing this, Miller just shrugged his shoulders.

During the short time of their confrontation, more than ten people rushed out of the birch forest with weapons in hands. Supported by his clutch, Salvey immediately moved forward and murmured something to one of the group of people while pointing at Zhang Tie. Hearing his explanation, they then put their weapons back and walked peacefully towards Zhang Tie.

Since the group of people had rushed out of the birch forest, Zhang Tie’s eyes jumped. Although they looked like pioneers, he felt that it wasn’t true. He didn’t know how, but he felt that these people were dangerous as their alert and wondering eyes made him uncomfortable.

“You saved Salvey?”

A 30-odd years man walked towards Zhang Tie, as he put away his weapon. The newcomer looked thin, with an unclean beard. He had a pair of sharp, eagle-like eyes. They reminded Zhang Tie of the magistrates squatting in the corners of the walls near the railway station of Blackhot city, fixating their eyes on those orphans who only focused on passers-by’s purses on their waists.

This made Zhang Tie uncomfortable too.

“Yes, I saved Salvey.” Saying this, he put away his lance.

“Few students dare to come to the Crescent Prairie for survival training!” the man noted, trying to figure out who Zhang Tie really was.

“There are three students from the Wild Wolf Castle who dare to attend the loner’s survival training here, and I am one of them!” Zhang Tie replied with some pride.

At the same time, he noticed that the man walking towards him exchanged glances with Miller, who slightly nodded, seemingly admitting Zhang Tie’s strength.

“No matter what, since you saved Salvey, we should thank you!” The man slightly changed his attitude. “What do you need? If you have any wishes, just tell us, we will try our best to satisfy you!”

The man spoke so directly.

“No need. Salvey has returned to your place, so I will leave then!” Zhang Tie refused his proposal and looked at Salvey again. “See you next time!”

Knowing Zhang Tie was going to leave, Salvey opened his mouth, yet didn’t utter a sound.

Waving his hands, Zhang Tie then strode out of the birch forest. Under the other people’s gaze, he started to trot along the path he had come from. Those people just silently watched him disappear before moving away their eyes.

“Trust me, as long as he’s in Blackhot city, you’ll have a chance to thank him...” the archer Harley, who was standing nearby, comforted Salvey by patting his shoulder.

After moving back his eyes, Salvey revealed a smile.

“Head, this brat is not bad; he responded so fast. But he’s narrow-minded...”

Hearing Miller’s judgment, Salvey glared at him once again. “If he hadn’t responded fast, he’d be long ago chopped down by you!”

That man with a pair of sharp eyes like those of an eagle kept watching Zhang Tie until he disappeared in the distance. He then turned back and asked, “Salvey, how about it now?”

Salvey knew that the man was not concerning about his wounds. Hearing his words, he said nothing else but pulled out a metal cylinder from his coat and passed it over.

“I’ve already mapped the terrain of the Wild Wolf Valley and figured out the situation there. The team of soldiers residing in the Wild Wolf Castle have already left one month ago. Therefore, the Wild Wolf Castle is the base of a group of boy scouts. There are less than ten people above LV 6 in the castle. The highest fighting force is below LV 9. The fighters are all teachers and instructors from the schools in Blackhot City.

Additionally, the city-defense equipment in the Castle can only perform to 40 percent of its maximal force under the manipulation of the students. The predominant boiler in the castle has not been used...”

Hearing Salvey’s information, that man opened the metal cylinder and took out the map inside. He nodded slightly, then put the map back and immediately declared several orders without in the blink of an eye.

“You have five minutes to prepare, we’ll move at once...”

Hearing his order, everybody hurriedly moved.

“Doge, prepare the message falcon to connect with the headquarters. Zola, check horses...” After saying that, the man remembered Salvey’s wounds. He glanced at the injured leg roughly bound by twig-made splints and asked Salvey, “Can you still ride?”

“Yes...” Salvey replied with gritted teeth.

The man nodded.

Five minutes after Zhang Tie had left the birch forest, more than ten horses galloped out of the place. After a short while, they had already disappeared in the horizon northeast the border of the Crescent Prairie...



* * *





Chapter 137




Not until roughly three kilometers away from Salvey and his companions did Zhang Tie find them abnormal. If you saw a shoal of golden fish swimming in order in the pond, you would also feel it abnormal.

Similarly, compared to the other pioneers that Zhang Tie had met before, he felt these were too disciplined and good at teamwork. He knew from experience that all pioneers were free-willed. They would form teams sometimes for common benefits, but if you made a comparison between a real pioneers’ team with Salvey’s group, you would see the difference at once. No matter how many real pioneers gathered together, they were just a pile of sand; however, Zhang Tie felt that Salvey’s group was a brick, a shoal of golden fish that could swim in order. This made him feel strange.

Although they looked unusual, Zhang Tie didn’t think too much; he didn’t have that strong of a curiosity to try figuring it out. He believed that everyone had their own secrets. If it had nothing to do with him, he would prefer to ignore them. Who were those guys had nothing to do with Zhang Tie. What really concerned him was that swift attack from Miller the moment he had entered the birch woods.

What if Salvey didn’t shout out at that time...

What if that guy in the shrubs had also followed up Miller by shooting him with an arrow...

Then...

At that moment..!

He might have become a corpse!

Zhang Tie really couldn’t accept this. What made him most offended was that he had survived these ‘ifs’. What if the ‘if’ came true one day? Would he then be killed in such an easy way? Would he then become a corpse? Would he then let his parents suffer like what his eldest brother had done?

After that event of Huck and Snade, Zhang Tie became afraid of death. What was death? Was it endless darkness? Every time he thought of this, the fear would arise from his inner heart.

Did his own fate have to be determined by so many ‘ifs’ concerning others?

Never! Zhang Tie looked calm while running, but he was screaming inside.

‘No one can determine my fate except for me, no… one! If only those really powerful can determine their own fate in this world, then I will choose to be that powerful. I will choose to be more and more powerful..!’

That misunderstanding in the birch forest just now was nothing serious to Salvey’s group, after all, Zhang Tie had left there safely. However, Salvey’s group didn’t know that just because of that ‘trivial thing’ in their eyes, Zhang Tie swore to become a really powerful man so that he would have the ability to control his own fate and life or death. The 15-year old youth finally awakened at this moment, with his heart pounding fiercely.

Only by becoming a really powerful man could he let his parents live a comfortable life.

Only by becoming a really powerful man could he stop his beloved woman from leaving him.

Only by becoming a really powerful man could he master his own fate and prevent others from killing him like a dog.

This was why Zhang Tie wanted to be powerful. It was neither ground-breaking nor great. It was even a bit selfish. However, that was how Zhang Tie really thought. Additionally, these selfish thoughts gradually made him highly spirited. He started to feel really energetic to strive forward...

Zhang Tie then quickened his pace!

……

There were only 4-5 km’s from that birch woods to Zhang Tie’s own base. It only took him a bit more than ten minutes to arrive there by running.

However, Zhang Tie had never imagined that he would meet a friend there. When he arrived at the mountain cave, both him and that guy in the mountain cave became stunned.

“Is that you?” two voices shouted out in unison before bursting out laughing.

It was Blues. Similar to their last meeting, they just exchanged their roles this time. Blues had already used the firewood and grasses fetched by Zhang Tie to burn a fire, and was roasting a savory hare while Zhang Tie was the one to rush in from outside.

“Is this your base?” Blues asked.

“Of course!” Zhang Tie put down his luggage. “That’s my firewood and grasses, haha!”

“You’re really brave to choose your base here! This place is already very close to the Crescent Prairie...” Blues said in awe. “I didn’t dare to choose such a close place my first time here!”

“Crescent Prairie? I’ve just come back from the border over there!”

Zhang Tie couldn’t wait to sit near Blues, since he could smell a thick aroma of the roasted hare. He never imagined that Blues was this good at cooking.

“What were you doing there?” Blues asked out of curiosity.

He then noticed that huge bear trap on his luggage. Blues then picked himself up from the ground near the fire and walked over. Taking up the trap, he took a careful look.

“There are blood stains on it, how did you get this stuff?”

Zhang Tie then told Blues about what had happened to Salvey. Of course, he just briefed it—at noon, when he was coming towards here, he met a pioneer caught in a bear trap. He the sent the pioneer back to his base to converge with his partners before coming back. As for others, Zhang Tie ignored them all as he felt that it was not necessary to share his own boredom and mental experiences with Blues.

Blues really enjoyed Zhang Tie’s story.

The hare was almost cooked as well, and fat enough for two people to enjoy it. Neither of them hesitated. They just both took out their daggers and started to cut off the meat and enjoy it. At the same time, they started to talk about what had happened in the past couple of days. What Blues revealed finally confirmed Zhang Tie’s presumption—Glaze had already become a LV 3 warrior and the first one among all the horny students. He became very well known all over the Wild Wolf Castle.

Hearing this news, Zhang Tie was not too amazed. When Blues told him Glaze was the only student who had entered LV 3 among all the students attending this survival training, he just mumbled inwardly, ‘He won’t be the only one by tomorrow!’

Another Leakless Fruit on the small tree would become ripe by next day.

“What about you? Have you prepared your tools?”

Last time when Zhang Tie had met Blues, the other had expressed that he would like to go back to the Wild Wolf Castle to prepare some items so as to pick up Goose-neck Grass. Blues felt that it was very difficult to capture a live golden wolf and take it to the Wild Wolf Castle 30 km away as an archer, so he targeted the Goose-neck Grass, which was also very valuable.

However, if one wanted to pick up Goose-neck Grass, he had to own a plant-storage container or a special herbal container. Goose-neck Grass was very tender, its neck and roots very fragile and easily broken. If one was careless, he would break or damage it, and once broken or damaged, its effects would greatly reduce, resulting in a low price. So one should never put it casually among luggage.

One had to pull this stuff out of the soil together with its root. The better preserve it was from its root to its neck, the more valuable it was.

Zhang Tie didn’t see any container on Blues or in the mountain cave that could be used to hold Goose-neck Grass.

“I’m looking for someone to make the containers. Speaking of this, I have to thank you. When I went to the Iron Melting Workshop to look for someone to make a medicinal spade for me. Hearing that I was invited by you, the guys didn’t even want my compensation!” Blues said with a big smile.

No matter what, such a feeling of being cared by friends everywhere would be a great feeling for anyone, especially a weird recluse like Blues. This might have even been his first time experiencing this kind of care by others.

“Pleasure, those guys in the Iron Melting Workshop are easy to get along with. If you feel embarrassed, you can just let someone take a wild wolf back to those guys for you if you have any surplus. Seeing the wolf, they’ll definitely treat you as their bosom brother...”

“Fine, got it!” Blues nodded seriously.

“So why did you come back before preparing well...” After saying this, Zhang Tie felt Blues was staring at him weirdly. Scratching his own face, he asked again, “What? Was my question weird?”

“Have you not heard it?” Blues asked weirdly.

“Hear what?”

“Wolves’ Canival!”

“What’s that?” Zhang Tie felt like he was becoming rustic.

“The two moons in the sky control the mating time of the wolves. When the two become full moons, the wolves’ mating time begins, lasting one month; three times a year. When the first night of the full moons arrives, a large amount of wolves will gather together and howl up at them like holding a ceremony. So this day was called Wolves’ Carnival!”

Blues didn’t notice that when he explained it, Zhang Tie’s eyes became brighter at once.

“There are two full moons tonight?”

“Yes!”

“Will there be a lot of wolves?”

“Many, I heard someone saying he saw thousands of wild wolves howling up to the full moons. But our strength doesn’t allow us to venture deep into the Crescent Prairie. Last time when I wandered around here, I found a safe place near where a large group of wild wolves would gather together at night. If my assumption is right, we could enjoy the scene of the wild wolves’ howling to the full moons!” Blues said with a delighted look.

Zhang Tie’s eyes were not just bright this time. Instead, they had become extremely brilliant, like two burning lanterns.

“Blues...”

“What!” Feeling Zhang Tie’s voice becoming strange, he, who was tearing off a hare’s leg, turned his head and found Zhang Tie with his eyes fixated on him, causing him to be startled.

“Did someone say you were cute?” After saying this, Zhang Tie heard a sound of ‘Pi pa’ from the burning firewood.

Blues’ hand shook, and he almost dropped his hare’s leg onto the ground.

“No!” Blues forcefully swallowed his saliva and replied before moving a bit farther away from Zhang Tie out of self-preservation. His were looked weird, and Blues started to wonder if Zhang Tie had a special hobby related to soap![1]

In the mountain cave where only two men were inside, Blues abruptly felt goose bumps rise all over his skin!

“You are cute!” Zhang Tie said seriously.

In the mountain cave where only two men were inside, seeing Zhang Tie’s gleaming eyes, Blues’ face immediately turned white, and he dropped his hare’s leg onto the ground…

[1] A special hobby related to soap refers to homosexuality. When two men fall in love with each other and prepare to make love, one would bend over like picking up a soap...



* * *





Chapter 138




In the sky, the two moons were as round as wheels: one big, one small. Their brilliance scattered all over the ground, causing numerous stars to lose their shine. Even everything on the ground seemed like it was covered with silver.

The Crescent Prairie at this moment looked magnificent: vast, mysterious, and endless. Under the moonlight, the swaying grass in the distance was changing its shape, bringing Zhang Tie a sense of a sea wave moving across the land.

At the sight of the two full moons in the sky and a vast prairie on the ground, most people would abruptly feel broad minded and lose all their distracting thoughts.

Since he was born—as full moons appeared every four months—Zhang Tie had already watched them dozens of times. He thought them very beautiful, and he would have appreciated the view over a windowsill, however, today he felt that it was more beautiful than ever before.

Of course, what was the most beautiful was the increasing number of wild wolves in the valley. When it reached 30, Zhang Tie knew that his Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit will get ripe tonight. Perhaps because of the nice scenery, the ferocious look of the wild wolves became cute in Zhang Tie’s eyes as he thought the wolves’ carnival was a grand party themed for mating. He heard some rich people in Blackhot City usually held these kind of parties at home; it was unknown whether they had learned it from wolves.

Thinking of mating, unknowingly, with his eyes fixed onto the two moons of different sizes, a bashful thought flashed across Zhang Tie’s mind. Such plump, round, and bright moons reminded him of the breasts of Miss Daina and Alice. The bigger one belonged to Miss Daina while the smaller one was Alice’s. After an estimation using his eyes, Zhang Tie found that they were truly similar in size. Although Alice’s and Beverley’s boobs were comparatively large among girls, compared to that of Miss Daina’s, they were still smaller.

Seeing Zhang Tie stretch out his hands and pinched his fingers towards the two moons with a weird smile, Blues—lying on the ground nearby—immediately quivered and silently moved a bit farther away from Zhang Tie.

When the moons rose above their heads, the number of wild wolves in the valley gradually increased to roughly 70, which greatly surpassed Zhang Tie’s ability to deal with in one go. If he just jumped into a pack of rutting wild wolves, Zhang Tie was certain that he would definitely be killed miserably.

The night wind from the prairie also brought the smell of wild wolves in the valley. With the increasing numbers, howls could gradually be heard one by one and the entire valley became their meeting place.

‘There must be a way. There must be a way!’

When some wild wolves started to growl, Zhang Tie rapidly racked his mind, glancing over the valley beneath, not letting any detail go. If he was surrounded by 70 wild wolves at the same time, he would definitely lose his life.

‘What method can I use to avoid being besieged by so many wild wolves at the same time?’

He could only use terrain, allowing wild wolves to not be able to besiege him.

Finally, at the sight of a crack extending from the ravine at the bottom to the cliff upwards 70 m away, Zhang Tie shouted inwardly, ‘Gold help me.’

That crack was more than 10 m in height, the top of which was on the cliff where Zhang Tie and Blues were lying. Like it was split by a huge axe, the entire crack was about 20 m deep and in the shape of a wedge. The wider place outside was 5-6 m, while the deeper it went inside, the narrower it got before closing off entirely. Noticing this, a thought flashed across Zhang Tie’s mind. He then thought up a brave plan.

He hit Blues’s shoulder.

Blues felt uneasy, and in response, slowly moved aside.

“Blues...”

“What?”

“I need your help tonight. I owe you one for tonight!” Zhang Tie lowered his voice.

“I will not do weird things!” Blues hurriedly replied.

Not knowing why, Zhang Tie felt that Blues was a bit nervous tonight, but he didn’t think too much on it.

“Have you seen the crack that extends downwards along the cliff” Zhang Tie pointed at the place.

“Yea!”

“How do you feel about that crack? Whether it is stubborn and sexy?”

Blues felt goose bumps all over. Widely opening his eyes, he asked Zhang Tie, “What do you want?”

“I have a plan, a very interesting plan; I need your help!”

“What plan?”

Blues swallowed his saliva. At this time, he had already determined that once Zhang Tie said something disgusting, he would leave, and the farther the better.

Zhang Tie licked his lips, causing Blues to quiver once again.

“After a while, I will go down from there and enjoy the carnival together with the wild wolves. You can keep an eye on the scene. If I cannot stand it any more, you need to hold the wolves back so that I can climb up once again. As long as I can stand it, you just watch...” Zhang Tie revealed his plan, which was actually not a plan at all since he was planning to just fight the wild wolves by force. If he couldn’t stand it and would like to escape, he would ask for Blues’ help who’d cover him with his bow and arrows.

Such a sharp unexpected reply stunned Blues for quite a while. He couldn’t understand why Zhang Tie would do this crazy thing at all. Why would Zhang Tie celebrate the Carnival together with the wild wolves? The word Carnival caught Blues imagination. A people with 70 rutting wolves? Happy? Did it mean that he would even f*ck wolves? That was too terrible! Blues was slightly shocked, feeling that Zhang Tie was already as terrible as prehistoric beasts.

Seeing Blues’ silence, Zhang Tie mistook it , especially that bit of shock in Blues’ eyes, as his consent, which pleased him.

At this moment, Zhang Tie felt that he should be slightly modest. “After exploding some of their anus, the wild wolves will definitely be driven crazy. I hope they can come in a queue. If they want to come for me at the same time, I will not deal with them!”

Hearing Zhang Tie’s words, Blues’ face turned whiter under the moonlight. Seeing the sweat oozing over Blues’ forehead, Zhang Tie thought Blues was worrying about him.

“Trust me, I’ve done this kind of thing many times. As long as they come for me in turns, even 7-8 wolves a time, I can still deal with them!” Saying this, Zhang Tie patted Blues’ shoulder and lowered his body, running towards that crack.

Have done this kind of thing many times? With wolves?

Blues was so scared that he almost escaped. What kept him was his curiosity. He really wanted to see what would happen between a person and 60-70 wild wolves. This was too terrifying.

At this moment, if Zhang Tie knew what Blues was really thinking about, he would have definitely spat blood for a couple of liters.

He arrived at a place about one meter away from the two sides of the crack, then squatted down and supported himself on the ground using his hands, leaning half of his body inside the crack to explore.

The walls on both sides of the crack were like two horizontal high walls for Zhang Tie. Once stepping against both walls inside, he could easily climb down from the top. Actually, the rugged walls were much easier for him to use his strength on than smooth walls .

Zhang Tie climbed down over ten meters in half a minute.

The ravine was brimming with howling wild wolves.

With six lances, Zhang Tie could kill six wild wolves. Before the other wild wolves besieged him, he could retreat into this wedge crack, during which he could kill several more wolves in the front. By then, he would have roughly killed 10 wolves. After that, he could kill ten more wild wolves in the crack. By then, he would have successfully completed tonight’s mission and could safely retreat. There were only two items that he should keep in mind: first, move fast; second, don’t get surrounded by wild wolves.

Almost the moment he reached the ground, Zhang Tie was very calm, and started to calculate precisely. After thinking carefully and feeling that no unexpected problems could exist, Zhang Tie pulled out two lances as he took a deep breath and rushed out of the hidden place inside the crack.

Seeing Zhang Tie rush out of that crack with lances in hand, Blues eyes widened once again. “What is he doing?” Closely after that, Blues saw Zhang Tie’s marvelous lance skill...

Zhang Tie’s first target was a head wolf standing on a huge rock. It was a comparatively large wolf, who was occupying the best place. No other wolves dared to fight for that place with him.

The head wolf kept raising its head and howling at the moons.

Since pack of wolves with a head wolf’s guidance would be more difficult to deal with, Zhang Tie would naturally take eliminating the head wolf as his first task.

The lance fell from the sky and pierced straight through the head wolf’s body, causing it to fly off the rock. But before the pack of wolves could respond, another lance arrived, nailing a wild wolf to the ground.

Within the next two-three seconds, sprays of spurting blood could be seen coming from a third, fourth, fifth, and sixth wolves after their bodies were pierced through by lances, causing miserable howls to echo around the place before death silenced them.

At this time, Zhang Tie was like a thug—he abruptly intruded into the wild wolves’ party and started his massacre.

The lance containers were soon cleared. After that, Zhang Tie pulled out his long sword with his right hand and took the dagger into his left as he rushed towards the two wolves that were also charging at him. Two sprays blood spurted out, caused by the long sword and the dagger at the same time.

In a split second, several wolves pounced at Zhang Tie. He adroitly escaped from their attacks, using his long sword and dagger to kill several more wolves in the short period of time that a person needs to take a couple breaths, causing blood of the wild wolves to spray everywhere.

More wolves rushed forward. Seeing this, Zhang Tie immediately turned back and started to escape. The fastest two wolves rushed out of the pack, aiming to bite him, howling. However, Zhang Tie didn’t even slow down. He just changed his footwork and wove his dagger two times, causing the two wolves to fall down to the ground.

Standing at the entrance of the mountain cave on the cliff, Blues was really stunned by what he was seeing. What shocked him the most was Zhang Tie’s marvelous lance skills, followed by his brave act of challenging the wolf pack. This time, in his eyes, Zhang Tie was not committing a massacre at all; instead, he was dancing. The wild wolves were absolutely dancing in pre-prepared moves. They all jumped onto Zhang Tie’s dagger and long sword one by one, causing sprays of blood to spurt out one after another.

Under that silvery moonlight, everything turned cruelly beautiful...

Not until the remaining wolves had besieged Zhang Tie and force him into that crack did Blues quiver under the night chilly wind. Thinking of what Zhang Tie had told him, he hurriedly took his bow and ran over there.

Before Blues arrived, several more wolves were laid on the ground in the wedge-shaped crack. Zhang Tie kept fighting as he retreated deeper into the crack. Soon, he had reached half the depth of the 20 m deep crack. At this position, the width between the two walls was less than two meters.

Although many wild wolves were outside, few of them could rush in and attack Zhang Tie. Like a rock battered by constant sea waves, Zhang Tie just stayed there and constantly cracked down the wild wolves’ attacks, causing them to fall one after another with miserable howls.

In front of Zhang Tie, a pile of dead wild wolves soon came into being...

In Blues’ eyes, both the long sword and the dagger in Zhang Tie’s hands were like wild wolf grinders. Zhang Tie moved so fast, with both ferociousness and viciousness. It seemed as if he had practiced each move he used to kill the wild wolves for hundreds of times, since they were unimaginably precise and simple.

Once hit by Zhang Tie’s long sword or dagger, those wild wolves would completely lose their fighting force and fall down. They would never pick themselves up from the ground again.

When Zhang Tie chopped at a wild wolf’s head using his long sword, reaching only midway, so that half of the head was still hanging on the wolf’s neck, blood sprayed all over his face.

After this wild wolf fell down, other wolves retreated at the same time, leaving the wedge-shaped crack. Because of their intelligence, the wild wolves understood that they won’t win anything by fighting Zhang Tie here in this way.

Although leaving the crack, the wild wolves surrounded the entrance and kept watch. Their ferocious eyes were locked onto Zhang Tie as they growled in low voices. After exposing their sharp canines, they scratched the stones and soil on the ground, their bodies lowered. But even though they felt like surging forward, they dared not to do that!

Unexpectedly, the beasts were this smart. After wiping off the blood from his face, Zhang Tie burst out laughing.

“Are you okay?” Blues shouted from above him.

“I’m okay! I can still stand it...” Saying this, Zhang Tie rushed forward again with the long sword in hand. He killed those wild wolves which had completely lost their moving ability but haven’t died yet.

The moment he rushed out of the crack, the surrounding wild wolves charged at him once again. Seeing that, Zhang Tie retreated for the second time. When he reached his previous place, the wild wolves exited too. During the whole rush, another three wild wolves had fallen outside.

The two parties kept repeating this process.

When Zhang Tie rushed out, the wild wolves besieged; after Zhang Tie retreated, leaving several more dead wild wolves, they would fall back too. After repeating this process several times, more wild wolves were killed outside the wedge-shaped crack, causing the pile to grow higher...

Even Zhang Tie himself couldn’t remember how many times he had launched the seesaw battles with the wild wolves. Finally, seeing him rush out of the crack again, the wild wolves outside immediately turned back and escaped with their tails between their legs. Zhang Tie didn’t retreat any more, instead he kept chasing behind them with loud laughter. Although the remaining wild wolves ran fast, Zhang Tie kept close behind them. After picking up the lances from the ground, he killed two more wild wolves that ran slower than the rest.

When no more wild wolves could be seen in the ravine, Zhang Tie looked around and found over 40 dead bodies lying about...

Under the bright and clear moonlight, the entire ravine was covered with wild wolves’ fresh blood and dead bodies.

Everything turned tranquil again...

He really did it: chasing away all the wild wolves by himself. Seeing his achievement, Zhang Tie became stunned!

Previously, he thought that it would be him who would have to escape. Unimaginably, the wild wolves were the ones to run away. Seeing the thrilling scene before his eyes, something flashed across Zhang Tie’ mind for a split second, which filled his heart, making him generous.

‘It seems that I could make it. I could really make it. Even facing 70 wild wolves, I could still commit a massacre and scare the sh*t out of them...’

“I can make it!” Zhang Tie mumbled...

“I can make it!” Zhang Tie raised his voice, reaffirming it.

Raising his head, he glanced at the dead wild wolves all over the grounds. At the same time, something new appeared in his eyes...

“I can make it!: Zhang Tie shouted out loudly with eyes turning extremely stubborn.

“Ao wu...” Zhang Tie raised his head towards the sky and howled like a wolf, which could be heard in the surroundings...

At this time, Blues, calmly standing on the cliff, gazed at that youth covered with blood who had made the miracle in the ravine...

Under the moonlight, the youth wore a layer of silver frost like silver armor. It was covered with bloody marks, streaks of beasts’ blood, like heraldry.

Pitch-dark night!

Full moons!

Ravine!

Dead wolves!

Youth!

Fresh blood!

What a visually shocking scene!

Moved, Blues felt that the scene before his eyes seemed to predict something. It became distant; sadly, he was not an authoritative expert on occultism and wasn’t good at predicting. So he didn’t know what future was behind that distant scene.

“That guy is really handsome!” Blues mumbled...



* * *





Chapter 139




Being dreamless, last night was Zhang Tie’s best sleep during the past days. Especially since together with Blues he had set up that bear trap on the path people had to take if they wanted to enter where the two people were sleeping.

The whole night wolves’ howls drifted into the mountain cave from the Prairie outside. Some howls seemed like they were coming from not that far off. If it was before, Zhang Tie would have definitely not been able to sleep well; he would have definitely checked outside again and again with lance in hand to reassure himself that there was nothing there. However, last night, Zhang Tie had slept unexpectedly well.

The never-ending wolf howls outside the mountain cave reminded him of dog barks and the sound of raindrops falling onto the roof of his own attic at home in Blackhot City. It seemed to be a rainy night as raindrops and dog barks drifted into his ears from outside. Everything combined into a sort of tranquility. Hearing those common noises, Zhang Tie felt reassured and easily fell asleep.

Zhang Tie knew that it was not raining outside the mountain cave. The wolf howls were still wolf howls; where he lay was a mountain cave on the border of the Crescent Prairie instead of his own attic. Nothing had changed except for his inner heart and his own feelings.

Like how he had felt being a flesh bag in the Iron Thorns Fighting Club. When he changed his attitude and emotions towards it, everything changed!

Last night, Zhang Tie had experienced a wholly new change inside himself.

……

Not knowing why. Perhaps because he came back late last night, his biological clock didn’t wake him up a bit after 6 am the next morning as usual.

When Zhang Tie woke up, the sun had already risen high. He felt so comfortable that the moment reminded him of the feel of waking up late in the morning at home. His parents spoiled him like that sometimes. During the holidays, when he didn’t need to go to school, his mom always liked to see him wake up late morning like a pig and get up when the sun was hanging so high in the sky, it shone on his face.

Before Zhang Tie was twelve, his mom would take away his quilt and pat his fat bottom to wake him up in the late morning. When Zhang Tie would open his dizzy eyes, he could always see the happy smile on his mom’s face and that assumed solemnity after the smile.

That was his mom’s most beautiful smile in Zhang Tie’s memory!

……

When Zhang Tie woke up, Blues had already left, leaving Zhang Tie alone. Last night, after Zhang Tie had returned, Blues seemed to have been stimulated, feeling like he was seeing a weird monster with three heads and six arms when he looked at Zhang Tie.

Zhang Tie had felt it even in sleep. Blues got up very early this morning and left after picking up his bow and arrows...

After waking up, Zhang Tie didn’t get up immediately; instead, he just stayed in his sleeping bag and listened to the various sounds drifting in from outside the mountain cave, including tweets of birds and insects and the sound of ‘Bi bi’ produced by tree leaves in the wind.

It really felt like sleeping in late at home! Zhang Tie stretched his body with satisfaction, then slowly got up.

Although it was his big day today, Zhang Tie felt very relaxed. Filled to the brim with the comfortable feeling, he really felt like living a weekend at home.

Donder said that whatever you did, you should learn to be relaxed after busy work. The law of being relaxed after busy work was the law of Yin and Yang in the east.

Since he was tense the whole day before, Zhang Tie decided to have a good rest today. After a good rest, he would then choose a place to eat fruits. That was Zhang Tie’s full plan for today.

The clothes that he wore last night were put aside. If there was anything unsatisfactory last night, it would be the wolves’ blood that covered his body from top to bottom. With the exception of his inner clothes, all that he had worn last night had to be changed and washed at once. Blues had said he was very cool and handsome last night. However, no matter how cool and handsome he was last night, his clothes would never get clean themselves.

After getting up, Zhang Tie changed to a clean set of clothes. He then slowly cleaned his face and mouth at a pond outside the mountain cave before swaggering back. After grabbing the pile of dirty clothes, he moved back onto a stone beside the pond and started to wash them carefully.

Zhang Tie’s coat and trousers were both ordinary and jet black, made of Kalan cloth, which was a machine-woven cloth. The most evident features of Kalan cloth were low price and abrasion-resistance. Because it was made of cotton, despite not being water-proof and not having the greatest look, it could maintain warmth.

Most of the students at school wore this, which was also the most favorite cloth of civilians in Blackhot City. As for that costume of City Guard Army left by his elder brother, unless it was an evening party, Zhang Tie would never wear it daily during survival training.

As for the bloody places on his pitch black Kalan cloth, he could not see the red stains after a simple washing. Unless carefully looking for them, he could not even discover the delicate difference between the cleaned bloody places and their surroundings. However, the wolf blood on his white coarse linen shirt could not be cleaned no matter how hard he washed it, especially from the collar. So he couldn’t wear the white shirt anymore as compensation for last night’s crazy massacre.

Zhang Tie’s vest was also sprayed with some wolf blood, one stain remaining even after being washed. Since the vest was worn close to his body, Zhang Tie didn’t fear about the stain being noticed by others.

One thing though, he couldn’t take the white shirt back home. If the beast blood was seen on the shirt, his mom would definitely flick his forehead fiercely, causing it to swell, when she thought of the danger at that time.

‘Don’t show off your talent in front of the public.’ This was what his mom had confided to him for over several hundred times. Of course, Zhang Tie didn’t want to let his mom worry about him.

The Wild Wolf Valley and the Crescent Prairie didn’t lack water sources. The pond he was using was only 100 m away from his base. Previously, if Zhang Tie wanted to wash his clothes here, he would have taken a weapon to be reassured; however, this time he took nothing except his dirty clothes.

After washing his coat and trousers, when Zhang Tie was washing his socks, two wild wolves came to the pond. They drank by one side of the pond. After drinking, one of them raised its head and caught sight of Zhang Tie on the other side.

At this time, Zhang Tie also raised his head and peered at the two wild wolves, then he lowered his head and returned to washing his socks again. Strangely, when he saw common wild wolves in a group of 3-5 now, Zhang Tie felt nothing. Let alone fear, he didn’t even feel his heart pound faster.

Glaring at Zhang Tie, the two wild wolves exposed their sharp canines, seeming a bit hesitant.

After washing a sock, Zhang Tie raised his head again and found the two wolves were still there. He then became impatient. Picking up a small cobble, Zhang Tie casually threw it at them like chasing away a cat slipping into his home to steal fish, “Piss off…”

After falling into the water, the cobble produced ripples. Seeming to be scared, the two wild wolves put their tails between their legs and disappeared into the grasses, never reappearing again.

Zhang Tie felt good today and didn’t want to kill anymore.

It was just a small episode.

By the time he had finished washing the clothes and putting them to dry on a branch beside a bonfire in the mountain cave, it was noon. Missing Blues’ yummy roasted hare, Zhang Tie took a lance and walked out.

Half an hour later, he returned and started to roast a hare over the bonfire in the mountain cave. Although the clothes beside the bonfire dried up very quickly, they didn’t smell as good as those dried under the sun’s light; he could smell a faint tinge of smoke on them. However, since he was a loner, nobody would care about it.

Soon, the aroma of the hare being cooked over the fire drifted through the air. Imitating Blues’ method, Zhang Tie left some openings in the hare using his dagger and sprayed some salt and powder of wild pepper that he had collected in the Wild Wolf Valley when the hare was dropping off golden oil.

Perhaps, Blues had some special treatment method as Zhang Tie could not make it as yummy as that of Blues. But he was already very satisfied. After eating half of the hare, he burped, then went to find a huge tree beside the mountain cave. Climbing up, Zhang Tie found a place and sat there. He then enjoyed the breeze under the shadow of the tree’s crown, watching the endless gorgeous scenery of the Crescent Prairie in the distance.

White clouds were slowly moving through the crystal blue sky. Several huge birds were hovering in the sky. The prairie seemed endless as the land was as straight as a blanket.

Some wild wolves were chasing after a pack of antelopes. As one was isolated from its pack, the wild wolves locked onto it. The antelope kept dashing forward like a long jump expert. It kept jumping forward in its escape. Each time it would jump very far. However, the wild wolves chased closely after it. Due to the wild wolves’ terrifying endurance and speed, that antelope didn’t pick itself up again after the last jump...

Zhang Tie then took a nap on the tree!

When he opened his eyes again, the sun had moved to the west, and the wind felt a bit chilly.

Feeling fully energy, Zhang Tie jumped off the tree and entered the mountain cave. After heating up the remaining half of the hare on the fire, Zhang Tie arranged his clothes and luggage and left with the lance container and his weapons.

The moment he left the mountain cave, Zhang Tie had sped up. He soon entered the “cruising condition” as a loner...

His condition now was unprecedented—good both physically and spiritually. Zhang Tie could feel that he had reached his peak condition ever since he was born 15 years ago.

It was the right moment for him to improve to LV 3 and experience the effect of the Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit. Since Blues had already visited this place, Zhang Tie couldn’t be certain that he would not come back. Additionally, the mountain cave was not very deep and hidden, so of course Zhang Tie would not choose to complete his most important improvement here.

The safest place that he could find was still that No.1 base: the mountain cave created by gold-eating boas.

‘It’s unknown when I’ll be able to casually access the Castle of Black Iron, not afraid of being known by others,’ Zhang Tie though while running.

However, he didn’t know that when he left the mountain cave, Glaze had been close to him.

When Zhang Tie passed by the grass on the hillside, he was less than 400 m away from Glaze. Although Zhang Tie had not seen him, in the woods nearby, Glaze had caught sight of him.

Seeing Zhang Tie’s back, Glaze revealed a shadow of a grin in the corner of his mouth...



* * *





Chapter 140




Zhang Tie didn’t know that after he became a loner, Glaze had searched for him in the Wild Wolf Valley for several days.

In Glaze’s eyes, Zhang Tie was still that trivial LV 1 warrior, LV 2 at most. As a LV 3 warrior, he thought that he would still have the absolute advantage. So his purpose for coming to Zhang Tie was obvious.

However, Zhang Tie’s speed of growth or some hidden force was surprising to everybody, causing Glaze to have a hard time sleeping and eating well.

Loner was the role with the highest casualty chance during the survival training! After silently negotiating with Zuhair, Glaze also declared to the public that he would start a loner’s survival training.

……

Zhang Tie moved at a medium speed. Since Glaze did not dare to get too close to him, he stayed far behind, at the distance farthest he could without letting Zhang Tie disappear from his vision. The best thing for Glaze was to find Zhang Tie’s base. When the night fell, heh… heh… everything would be easily solved.

……

Zhang Tie was not able to notice that someone was following him yet. After one day’s rest, the only things in his mind were the gorgeous fruits on that small tree in Castle of Black Iron!

The ripe Leakless Fruit and the Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit.

One hour later, Zhang Tie arrived at the woods on the hillside near where the gold-eating boa’s cave was hidden.

After several rounds of fights with Zhang Tie, Glaze was afraid of him due to his numerous tricks. He didn’t know whether Zhang Tie had already noticed him and just wanted to lure him into the woods. Anyone who had a bit experience would know that it was the most dangerous to follow a person into the woods. Once surrounded by the trees, the roles of the two people could easily change—the latter one might encounter the earlier one’s ambush and be trapped.

So Glaze was hesitant. He wanted to see whether Zhang Tie would come out of there...

After waiting outside the woods for half an hour, Glaze still didn’t see Zhang Tie leave. At this time, the sun had already went down, and the Wild Wolf Valley started to be covered by the night colors.

Did Zhang Tie live in that hillside? Realizing that, Glaze bravely ventured inside.

After one hour, it became completely dark. Feeling very dejected, Glaze walked out of the woods. By then, he had confirmed that Zhang Tie had noticed him and slipped away during the period when he hesitated whether to enter or not. After carefully searching the entire hillside and woods, Glaze couldn’t find Zhang Tie nor any trace of human beings’ settlement. So Zhang Tie became more cunning in Glaze’s mind.

“F*ck, you have good luck today...” Glaze swore as he left the hillside.

Almost the moment Glaze left the hillside, in the Castle of Black Iron, like what had happened after eating the first Leakless Fruit, the second burning point on Zhang Tie’s spine that radiated cyan lights consecutively broke through the blue light pass and the purple light pass.

Boom!

The purple light on the burning point was broken into light points that resembled rain. After that, the burning point turned pitch black. Soon after, a red sparkle appeared in the darkness. The sparkle then started to grow into an eternal flame, lightening up the whole burning point.

After the second burning point on his spine was ignited, Zhang Tie felt that his entire spine had become transparent. The places surrounding the burning point warmed up. Zhang Tie felt so relaxed, like having unloaded a heavy burden or opening a heavy lock inside his body. At the same time, a great new strength rose up in him.

After opening his eyes, Zhang Tie screamed loudly and jumped up from the ground. He then started to rush around the grounds of the Castle of Black Iron. He kept running for half an hour before stopping. Faster speed, longer time, greater endurance, and more ease! This was how Zhang Tie felt while running.

After running, he only rested a few minutes before lying on the ground to practice the Lying-Tiger Move. This time, it lasted for roughly 30 minutes. After practicing the Lying-Tiger Move, Zhang Tie practiced 36 Free-Hand Moves—the whole set of Iron-Blood Fist Skill once. This time, he could make it more like how tiger attacked.

After becoming a LV 3 warrior, Zhang Tie felt that his strength had increased by at least 30 percent. Along with the increasing strength was his endurance, responsiveness, and coordination of all physical aspects. This feeling of growing stronger was really fascinating.

“Zhang Tie, congratulations. You’ve become a LV 3 warrior!” Zhang Tie shouted out loudly in another voice. “What else do you want to say?”

“Ha… ha… I have a Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit to eat, I cannot wait to experience the feel of a wild wolf’s strength in my body!”

Saying this, Zhang Tie walked towards the small tree. He then took a deep breath. The rich fragrance surrounding the small tree was radiating from the ripe Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit. Although ripe, with the exception of its purely white body having become translucent like crystal, the Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit’s remained unchanged—it was still a cute wolf cub with two leaves on its head.

——Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit has gathered the Strength of Qi, the Strength of Blood, the Strength of Vein, the Strength of Channel, the Strength of Bone, the Strength of Marrow, and the Strength of God of a Wild Wolf. Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit has become ripe. Usage: Pick and directly eat it. Notice: The fruit cannot be taken out of the Castle of Black Iron. After twelve hours of having been picked off the tree, its energy and vitality will gradually decline.

Beside the ripe Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit was another Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit, which was Zhang Tie’s latest achievement. After last night’s massacre, besides the first one becoming absolutely ripe, a second one also came into being.

——Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit has gathered the Strength of Qi and the Strength of Blood of a wild wolf. Five more strengths need to be formed. This Fruit has not become ripe yet.

This was the message about the second Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit. It reminded Zhang Tie that he had killed at least 14 wild wolves more than the number he had predicted last night, driving two more strengths of the latest Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit to be formed.

At this time, Zhang Tie had already understood the tip—for each 50 changes, 49 of them are available while the remaining one belongs to people. If it was anyone else, after they killed 50 wolves, all of their energy, Qi, and blood, including the seven strengths in each wolf’s body would dissipate and return to mother nature.

However, since Zhang Tie had obtained the small tree, if he killed 50 wolves, the seven strengths of the 50 wolves would not completely dissipate, instead, only 49 wolves’ seven strengths would be returned to mother nature. The remaining one wolf’s seven strengths would be transferred into the small tree like how people digested food, finally forming a Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit.

Each wolf would contribute 1/50 of their strengths to one Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit. One could eat wolf meat to gain strength. Similarly, the small tree was like an invisible mouth which could eat the seven strengths of wolves that could not be seen by people and form a Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit.

The small tree named “Manjusaka Karma Fruit Tree” was really too powerful, unable to be predicted by Gods and Demons.

Zhang Tie was awed by the small tree once again. At the same time, he started to be filled with gratitude for being favored by the God of Destiny.

Compared to the Leakless Fruit, the Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit was what Zhang Tie was looking forward to most today.

After digesting that Leakless Fruit, Zhang Tie successfully improved to a LV 3 warrior. Now, it was the right time for him to try the effects of the ripe Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit.

After picking off that wolf cub from the tree, Zhang Tie carefully put it onto his palm. As if enjoying an art work, Zhang Tie watched it for quite a while. The fruit was really vivid. Zhang Tie even felt regretful for having to eat it. However, after enjoying it for a while, he finally made the decision. With eyes closed, he quickly threw the wolf cub into his mouth and swallowed it after a couple of bites.

……

Almost ten seconds after he swallowed it, the effect of the Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit begun to show up. With eyes closed, Zhang Tie sat on the ground with crossed legs, only feeling a wisp of energy and heat slowly gathering up in his chest. The energy and heat finally formed seven strengths in his chest which kept swirling in a clock-wise manner like seven fish. At this moment, Zhang Tie felt his chest was like a swollen balloon, close to exploding from the energy within.

Of course, those energies did not burst his chest because the seven strengths soon found their own directions to go.

The first strength swam across Zhang Tie’s chest and abdomen and finally entered the Qi sea two inches below his navel. Closely after that, Zhang Tie felt his Qi sea expanding in his mind and could almost hear the sound of a heavy wind blowing by...

The second strength swam to Zhang Tie’s heart and flew into his blood from his heart before spreading through the rest of his body. Then, Zhang Tie was almost certain he heard the sound of strength flowing in his vessels...

The third strength swam to Zhang Tie’s brain and entered his muscles by thousands of individual strengths. After that, Zhang Tie thought he heard his muscles resonating like the strings of a lyre...

The fourth strength swam across Zhang Tie’s whole body along a weird path that Zhang Tie had never heard of before and disappeared. Closely after that, he was sure he heard the sound from his body like that produced when a huge tree is knocked at. It was powerful and low, and full of the feel of wood.

The fifth strength swam to the top of Zhang Tie’s head before flowing downwards like water and entered his skeleton. Later on, it sounded as if metals and stones were knocked against his bones.

The sixth strength swam to Zhang Tie’s rear end before entering his spine from there. After that, it spread to the middle of the spine and entered the marrow of all the bones. Zhang Tie could almost hear a drumming sound in his bones akin to a booming of the land.

The final strength swam into that pale golden Qi swirl that represented Zhang Tie’s spiritual energy. Zhang Tie thought he heard a distant wolf howl. At the same time, the Qi swirl that represented his spiritual energy abruptly expanded a lot. As a result, his spiritual energy suddenly rose by 5%, causing Zhang Tie to tremble all over as he opened his eyes...

This was a very strange feeling. Although his look remained unchanged, Zhang Tie felt like he had ‘grown up’ a lot. He felt a strong sense of existence, strength, and coordination. This was a metamorphosis physically and spiritually from inside to outside, and a real ‘growing up’ instead of mere development of his muscles, bones, and height.

At this moment, if Zhang Tie had to describe his feeling using one word, it would be ‘Great’! Really great! He felt a sense of rebirth!

After igniting the new burning point, Zhang Tie felt like having unloaded a heavy burden and opening a shackle. But this time he felt that he had changed to a better body that was more suitable for him. He had completed an update and improved all over, bringing him a fresher and more shocking feeling.

This was how it felt after one wolf’s strength formed in his body.

At the sight of another Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit, Zhang Tie revealed a smile...

“Wild Wolves in the Crescent Prairie, don’t run away, you’re all mine...” Zhang Tie uttered in a weird voice before leaving the Castle of Black Iron.

When Zhang Tie moved to the entrance of the gold-eating boa’s cave, he was stunned by the fact that it was already late morning!

‘Does it mean that it took me one night to digest that Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit?’ Zhang Tie was shocked. Since he was in deep meditation, he could have never imagined that over ten hours could pass so fast.

However, it was all worthwhile.

The moment Zhang Tie wanted to exit, he was shocked by noticing something different on the ground from when he had entered.

After entering, Zhang Tie had grabbed a handful of soil from the ground near the cave and evenly sprayed it over the ground near the entrance. This was the simplest and easiest form of ‘natural trace system’ used as an early warning.

Now he saw several new footprints on the ground where he had sprayed the soil...

They were large footprints, at least larger than those of Zhang Tie’s. Seeing them, Zhang Tie had a sense of déjà vu. He thought back to the bloody footprints in the wild wolf den and immediately knew what had happened.

It had to be Glaze. Glaze must have visited here...

Zhang Tie then carefully checked the dew on the weeds near the mountain cave. The dew was still there which meant that Glaze had not come this morning. Neither did he leave this place in the morning.

It was last night. Soon after Zhang Tie had entered the cave, Glaze had also went in. Perhaps he had been following him.

Did it mean that Glaze had discovered his secret? Thinking of this, Zhang Tie became tense. No way! Even if Glace had entered the cave, he could not see him enter the Castle of Black Iron. The cave was very deep. If Glaze couldn’t find him, he would only think that he had hidden somewhere.

‘Why would he follow me then?’

Thinking of how Glaze had glared at him, Zhang Tie understood it. His heart started to pound from the other’s killing intent.



* * *





Chapter 141




Zhang Tie kept running on the most open hill of the Wild Wolf Valley at a medium speed. Once someone was in the surroundings, he would notice Zhang Tie running in the Wild Wolf Valley even if he was far away from him.

In the past couple of days, Zhang Tie had run like this several times. He fixed his running range within 10 km of the border between the Crescent Prairie and the Wild Wolf Valley. In others’ eyes, Zhang Tie was no different from other students attending this survival training, seeking for the chance to hunt wild wolves.

Actually, the number of wild wolves in this range was much greater than in the Wild Wolf Valley. Additionally, besides more wild wolves, there were also more other kinds of wild beasts.

Surrounding a lake on the border, Zhang Tie saw two hazardous living beings that Blues had mentioned to him: huge varanid and horn crocodile. Varanid was a LV 3 living being while horn crocodile was LV 4.

Seeing the two of them, Zhang Tie couldn’t wait to fight them at once. However, he controlled his impulse and pretended to be amazed. Every time he met them, he would choose to hurriedly run away. In the past couple of days, once he met any living beings above LV 3, he would hide his real strength and pretend to retreat.

Zhang Tie’s main targets were still low level wild wolves and huge wolves that he would meet occasionally. There was only one time that Zhang Tie had met a golden wolf, but after throwing two lances at it, the nimble golden wolf still ‘escaped’ from Zhang Tie’s hand. Zhang Tie pretended to chase after it for a while before returning dejectedly with no achievement.

In others’ eyes, Zhang’s performance was close to that of a LV 2 warrior. As for Zhang Tie’s lance skills and precision, they might be able to threaten living beings below LV 2. Even when he dealt with the wild wolves with his lances, he would occasionally miss them.

In the past couple of days, Zhang Tie had controlled his performance to look below but close to that of a LV 2 warrior, which was a bit higher than when he had left the tree base. His lance throwing skills looked nice, yet he lacked physical strength and reaction speed.

After performing this for two days, on the third day, Zhang Tie felt that he was being spied on. He knew that after two days Glaze would have definitely jubilantly found him in the Wild Wolf Valley ‘once again’.

Knowing that Zhang Tie was tricky, Glaze observed him for a couple of days, during which he saw all of Zhang Tie’s skills. From it, he knew that the only threat that Zhang Tie could pose to him was with his throwing skills. However, it was only a threat which would be in effect when the distance between them was between 10-30 steps. If he was farther away from Zhang Tie, or closer to him, the lance wouldn’t pose him any danger.

Still, Zhang Tie’s performance greatly amazed Glaze. He became increasingly more certain that the reason Zhang Tie had dared to go against him those couple of times, embarrassing him, was because he was aiming at him from the beginning. With such a competitive level of strength, Zhang Tie would definitely want to obtain the school’s recommendation too. So of course he became Zhang Tie’s biggest opponent.

‘This guy is more vicious than Burwick and better at hiding his real strength.’

Glaze became increasingly more resolved to kill Zhang Tie.

In contrast, during the past couple of days, no matter how awkward he felt his performance was and how dejected he looked when he failed to catch up with his prey, Zhang Tie was actually jubilant inside.

The ignition of the second burning point on his spine and the increase of one wild wolf’s full strength had brought him more surprises. Especially that one wolf’s full strength made Zhang Tie feel completely different from before.

He realized that he had fallen in love with running. For him, running was an easy and pleasant thing. If it was before, Zhang Tie would feel very tired after running 10 km or for half an hour. However, now, after either of the two, he no longer felt that weary. Besides that, he felt a seemingly endless energy supporting him in his body, causing him to move with more agility and telling him that he could keep running like this forever.

Because he had experienced the effect of running after igniting a burning point, Zhang Tie clearly knew that this feel didn’t originate from the ignition of his burning point, but instead from the Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit. After eating that fruit, wild wolf’s terrifying endurance and running instincts seemed to have been activated in him. Zhang Tie became as good at running as wild wolves besides also gaining a super great endurance.

An adult wild wolf, when moving at its maximal speed, could keep running for half an hour at the speed of 60 km/h. If aiming to chase after a prey, even if it was an icy and snowy day, it could still keep following its prey for above 10 hours. Most prey weren’t directly hunted down by the wild wolves, but instead simply couldn’t keep up with the wild wolves’ amazing endurance. After being chased for a long time, most prey became exhausted, and had no strength to keep running anymore. Therefore, they slowed and were killed.

When he started his survival training in the Wild Wolf Valley, Zhang Tie mostly admired the wild wolves’ running speed and super great endurance. They were just like the wind.

At that time, he had never imagined that he could be as good at running as them. Although he still couldn’t match a wild wolf’s running speed and endurance, Zhang Tie was already very satisfied. This was the effect of the first Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit; who knew what the effects of the second one would be?

In the past couple of days, although Zhang Tie was ‘fishing’ and had not completely showed his real strength, he had killed ten more wild wolves, forming two more strengths in the second Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit on the small tree. As four strengths of the total seven had been formed, the ripening wasn’t far off.

Therefore, Zhang Tie felt pretty good; he had no reason to feel dejected. Today, he had even felt a killing intent in his surroundings. After being spied on for the third day in a row, Zhang Tie knew that Glaze would launch an attack against him tonight.

……

When the sun started to go down, Glaze gritted his teeth, silently following Zhang Tie. After the past two days’ observation, he had found a new reason to kill his rival: that guy was really good at running.

Zhang Tie’s running ability filled Glaze with both admiration and jealousy. In the end, this admiration and jealousy changed into a desire to destroy something. If it wasn’t daytime, Glaze would have probably launched his attack long ago. But if he attacked during daytime, he would have to suffer a much greater risk of being seen by someone, and according to the wartime decree of the Andaman Alliance, the teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee will immediately punish him with a death sentence for the crime of murder. They wouldn’t even have to send him back to Blackhot City for a trial in court.

What Glaze was worried about was also Zhang Tie’s concern. Zhang Tie was also scheming carefully and thinking over the details of his plan for many times. After confirming that no flaws could be discovered, Zhang Tie became reassured.

At this time, both of the two people wanted to kill the other.

This was the first time Zhang Tie had wanted to kill someone since he was born. To tell the truth, the reason for them going against each other was kind of funny—it was several motherf*cking dining plates. This was really a bloody case arisen from several dining plates.

Zhang Tie felt that this was really f*cking absurd. When you sat alone under a tree, some bastards threw several dining plates before you to have you wash them. You refused and got hated in return. Later, the other side even decided to kill you, setting you up for a couple of times. Even forcing you to kill to escape the constant threats.

‘Even if this was for a woman, this ordeal is really ludicrous!’ Zhang Tie mumbled in his head while running into the ravine where he had chosen to end this thing.

After that, not knowing why, Zhang Tie remembered a funny story. It was about a person having to kill another, and had been spread in Chinese clan for roughly one thousand years.

Donder had told Zhang Tie the story. Someone, once met, would always force the event to develop to the last step. If that story about buying menu was changed into washing plates, Zhang Tie felt that he could say that he had already encountered the same thing.

The story started as this: two classmates ate together in a canteen. If one strove to wash the dining plates, the other would consider that he was showing off and would kill him. If one didn’t strive to wash them, the other would consider that he was forced to wash everyone’s and would kill his classmate. If they went dutch and washed their own plates, the other classmate would consider that his humble friend wanted to be on an equal footing with him and would kill him. If they didn’t eat, the other one would consider that his classmate refused to eat together with him in the canteen, meaning he didn’t like him, and so would kill him!”

“Damn!” Zhang Tie swore while running...

……

Seeing that Zhang Tie was not returning to his base, but to a strange ravine, Glaze became surprised instead of alert. This place was really remote and hidden. There was nobody here during daytime, let alone at night.

Whether it were students who attended the survival training or the pioneers who appeared in the Crescent Prairie, none of them wanted to be here. Students found it too dangerous here since it was too close to the Crescent Prairie, while pioneers had no interest in it because it wasn’t the Crescent Prairie, and they could not find golden wolves or goose-neck grass here.

Before rushing inside the ravine behind Zhang Tie, Glaze paused outside and looked around. When he ascertained that the dusk had almost fallen down and nobody was close-by, he revealed a shadow of a grin, then rushed in. At the same time, he silently pulled out the long sword from its sheath at his waist.

‘One minute, in only one minute, that disgusting guy will disappear forever!’ Glaze mumbled inwardly.

At this time, the sun had gone down, causing the ravine that was surrounded by dense woods to become even darker. Glaze could only hear the tweets of insects, instead of the sounds made by a person. When Zhang Tie’s back had disappeared from Glaze’s vision, in order to prevent him from slipping away again, Glaze had increased his speed.

It was easy for a person to hide himself in a ravine. After searching around it for roughly five minutes, Glaze still couldn’t see Zhang Tie’s shadow. When he became dejected, thinking that Zhang Tie had slipped away again, he suddenly heard a strange sound. It almost sounded like someone was digging something.

Glaze then searched for where the sound was coming from.

It was getting increasingly clearer, and easier to locate. Someone was truly digging something in the ground, making the sound of ‘Cha cha cha cha’ of the spade entering the soil.

After detouring through the woods, Glaze finally saw Zhang Tie, digging something using a military shovel.

“What are you digging here for?”

With a shadow of a gloomy and cold smile, Glaze walked out of the woods, a shiny weapon in hand...



* * *





Chapter 142




"Glaze!"

Raising his head from near the pit, Zhang Tie looked very plain, at least not as terrifying as Glaze had imagined that he would look like. Zhang Tie had even called his name like greeting a common student at school.

Without seeing the expression Glaze had expected to see on Zhang Tie’s face, he felt like had a lost a bit of pleasure from what was to come next.

‘Perhaps that guy doesn’t know what it means to encounter me here, I should give him some tips,’ Glaze thought.

"As we were classmates, I’ll give you several seconds to tell me your last words..."

Glaze walked forward while glancing over the surrounding environment. When he saw Zhang Tie’s lance container thrown onto the ground at least 7-8 steps away from the guy himself, Glaze’s last concern disappeared. It was then replaced by a winner’s smile.

"You want to kill me?"

Zhang Tie slightly frowned.

"Of course, what else do you think I would come here for? To chat or for an outing?" Glaze revealed a shadow of a smile on his face. At the same time, he licked his lips in a manner full of tyranny and cruelty. "I heard you have three girlfriends in the Wild Wolf Castle. Trust me, after your death, I will definitely f*ck them well. I will definitely tame them into the most lecherous b*tches! And after I get bored of playing with them, I‘ll award them to Sharlon and the others."

"Are you sure you can kill me today?"

Noticing Zhang Tie’s calm tone, Glaze stopped. After being tricked twice,, Glaze had formed an unavoidable psychological uneasy in his heart.

When Glaze stopped walking, his pupils shrunk. He then carefully glanced at Zhang Tie and the surroundings, only to find nothing different in his opposition nor the surrounding environment. There should be nobody to ambush him.

"Are you trying to scare me?"

Glaze revealed a sinister smile, although he kept still.

"If you would stop and turn back, swearing never to find trouble for me and my bosom friends, our previous resentment could be cleaned. I had let you lose face twice, while you set me up once, almost causing me to die in the beasts’ mouths, so we’re even now! To tell the truth, we don’t have any resentment that couldn’t be ended. It arose from a trivial thing, but it was your fault at the beginning. I didn’t mean to stir you up!"

Zhang Tie’s calm, especially his words, made Glaze’s heart quicken its pace. Zhang Tie seemed to know what they had done to him some time ago. This really shocked Glaze. He even became hesitant for several seconds. But after that, Glaze cast his sharp eyes on Zhang Tie. This time, he found that the other’s left hand’s fingers were slightly trembling seemingly due to tension and fear.

Glaze suddenly burst out laughing. "Your performance was really successful, almost scaring me off. But today whatever you say, it will be useless..."

Glaze kept moving forward with a cruel smile on his face.

"You will regret!"

Zhang Tie gazed at Glaze. He clearly knew what the other had seen just now. He did it especially so that Glaze would make the wrong judgment, think that he was very tense and scared. If he could turn back even after knowing that he was tense and scared, Zhang Tie planned to forget the resentment between them.

However, obviously, Glaze chose the other way. Zhang Tie showing weakness didn’t obtain Glaze’s sympathy and hesitation, instead, it brought about a more stubborn decision.

This was something that Donder had taught Zhang Tie. If not through this way, how could you see though one’s inner heart.

‘Let’s call an end to it then.’

Zhang Tie didn’t go for his lances. Instead, he let go of his military spade and pulled out his long sword. Yet his left hand was still trembling, seemingly heavier than before.

Seeing Glaze moving closer to him, Zhang Tie pointed at him with his long sword. "This is your last chance. If you keep moving forward, I will not show you politeness any more!"

"You want to show me you impoliteness?" Glaze revealed a carefree smile on his face, not slowing down at all. He kept moving towards Zhang Tie. "I really would like to see how a guy at most LV 2 will deal with me..."

Before Glaze could finish speaking his sentence, he had already stepped onto something. It was put beneath the ground which was covered by leaves and fine soil. Before Glaze could respond, that something took effect with ferociousness, causing a sound of "Ka...".

The sawteeth with powerful biting force cut into Glaze’s shin without any sound. The ‘Ka’ was produced by his shin being broken by the powerful bite of the bear trap.

Being five-to-seven steps away, Zhang Tie could attack using his long sword. Therefore, his ambush was set seven steps away from Glaze, and that’s how after snaring Salvey, the bear trap was put to use again.

Trapped, Glaze released a miserable scream as he fell to the ground...

Zhang Tie immediately moved to slash at him… But even having fallen down, Glaze could still respond extremely quickly. Before Zhang Tie’s long sword could land on him, he had already brought out his own long sword to stay its advance.

Without any more tricks, the two long swords directly hit against each other. At the same time, Glaze’s ferocious expression turned into amazement as Zhang Tie’s hand was far more powerful than his. Soon after the collision, Glaze felt that he could not even tightly hold his long sword anymore.

"No way!" he screamed out loudly. At this moment, he even forgot the pain of his shin and the awkward look of lying on the ground. "I am a LV 3..."

Without waiting for him to finish expressing his disbelief, Zhang Tie sliced at him once again. This time, their swords directly crashed into each other. The moment they did so, Zhang Tie kicked at Glaze’s abdomen.

After suffering such a heavy kick, Glaze’s face turned pale. His grip loosened, and the long sword that fell off was picked and sent flying through the air… This battle clearly portrayed how a man lying on the ground was disadvantageous. No matter how intelligent a swordman was, few of them could exert their real fighting force in this kind of position.

Zhang Tie’s long sword then stopped at Glaze’s neck...

Glaze stopped his miserable screams at this moment. With eyes wide, he stared at Zhang Tie pitifully. "You cannot kill me, my dad will not let you go. The Temporary Supervision Committee will not let you go!" he started to shout out loudly.

"Do you want to know what I was digging? You asked about it just moment before..." Zhang tie said solemnly.

Lying on the ground, Glaze turned his head and stared at that pit ten steps away from him, becoming faintly dazzled.

"What for?"

"Burying you!"

After saying this, Zhang Tie didn’t hesitate to cut through Glaze’s neck with his long sword.

Tightly grabbing onto his neck, Glaze’s eyes widened even more, and he glared at Zhang Tie, seemingly not believing that he would dare to kill him. If Zhang Tie had really not held back from slicing his neck open, what he did by blocking the places where blood was gurgling out and air leaking out would be in vain.

"I told you that I will show my impoliteness to you. But you thought I was kidding. So don’t blame me for that! You brought it upon yourself!"

These were the last words Zhang Tie said to Glaze. After that, he no longer cared about Glaze’s situation, instead walking directly to the pit and resuming his digging.

Deep in the ravine, Glaze—in vain— was doing his best to struggle to live. At the same time several meters away, Zhang Tie was still digging the pit. Couple minutes later, Glaze didn’t move anymore, his eyes wide-open. Zhang Tie kept digging. After roughly 20 minutes, he finally finished.

It was a deep pit of two meters in length, half a meter in width and over one meter in depth.

Zhang Tie didn’t feel any difficulty in digging through the soft soil. He only sweated a bit during the last few minutes. After finishing, Zhang Tie inserted the military spade into the ground.

Walking over to the motionless body, he pulled Glaze by his feet and moved him into the pit. After that, he fetched Glaze’s long sword and threw it into the pit too. Zhang Tie didn’t even take off the bear trap from Glaze’s foot.

He had already lost his interest to search over Glaze’s body.

After that, Zhang Tie picked up the military shovel once again and started to fill the pit. When shoveling the first handful of dirt onto Glaze’s body, Zhang Tie remembered his name and his records in the playground at school.

The god of destiny made fools of people! Who would have imagined that Glaze would end up buried by him. However, he had deserved it.

Zhang Tie finished filling the pit in three minutes. After leveling the ground, he stamped onto it to make it firm. Then he recovered the original look above the soil by covering it with some rotten leaves and mud. With such a simple treatment, Glaze completely disappeared from the world.

In the next few minutes, Zhang Tie cleaned up the site using his military shovel. Even the patch of soil that had soaked up Glaze’s blood was cleaned. After dealing with all of it, Zhang Tie checked it all over again. No evidence seemed to be in the open, up for discovery, so Zhang Tie collected his equipment and quickly disappeared from this small, unknown ravine under the gloom of dusk.

From then on, unless God willed it, nobody would know that Glaze had already fallen asleep beneath the ground.

Glaze had disappeared from this world. Previously, he had planned to do this to Zhang Tie, never imagining that Zhang Tie would end up doing it to him.

Zhang Tie felt very relaxed and didn’t feel any guilt about what he had done to Glaze.

One kilometer away from that ravine, under the moonlight, a pack of wild wolves stopped Zhang Tie in his tracks. There were 17-18 wolves with their green eyes fixed on him.

Zhang Tie burst out laughing as it reminded him of a Chinese proverb—good things always come together!

In a split second, six lances were thrown, nailing the farthest wolves to the ground. Even if the wolves would have wanted to escape at this moment, it was already too late.

Zhang Tie surged forward with a long sword in his right hand and a dagger in his left… Soon after that, wild wolves’ miserable howls reverberated through the night!

Two minutes later, the last two wild wolves woofed with tails between their legs as they escaped, followed by Zhang Tie’s gaze. He didn’t chase after them, knowing that two more strengths had been formed in the second Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit.

After putting his lances back into his lance container, Zhang Tie ran towards his base once again...

‘If I’m lucky enough tomorrow, the second Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit will become ripe… Perhaps, with several more Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruits in my stomach, I’ll be able to run even faster than the wild wolves!’

Running in the moonlight, an absurd thought came to the youth’s mind...



* * *





Chapter 143




Each Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit was a wholly new life experience for Zhang Tie. In the ten days after burying Glaze, he had eaten another three of them, which helped him to improve three more times. Now, Zhang Tie had the full strength of four wild wolves. With the fruits, his strength, endurance, and explosiveness all had reached an amazing level.

Zhang Tie made tested himself. He found that his running ability had increased to an unbelievable level. After eating the first Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit, he, who had learned how to run in the state of exerting all of his force, could keep running for more than an hour at a cruising speed of 15 km/h while keeping his effective fighting force.

Now, after eating three more Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruits, Zhang Tie found that he could keep running for two hours at a cruising speed a bit higher than 15 km/h while still remaining full of energy. If he ran at his greatest speed like in a 100 m sprint—although Zhang Tie hadn't calculated his maximum speed—he knew that he could continue at it for roughly 30 minutes.

Zhang Tie remembered that Glaze’s endurance was 13 at school, which indicated that he would still have more than half of his fighting force after marching rapidly for 13 km with standard military equipment. At that time, based on Glaze’s physical data, half of his fighting force meant thrusting out an armor-breaking spear 69 times or punching with above 255 kg’s force behind it...

Now—although Zhang Tie had not made concrete tests on himself—he felt that his endurance might have surpassed 20. He remembered that his endurance value at school was only 4, which was why he had admired Glaze with his 13. At that time, he thought that the disparity between the two of them was really huge. Unexpectedly, within two months, his own force had experienced an earthshaking change.

Of course, he had benefited from igniting his burning points which could improve his physique. But the most direct effect was from Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruits. They could update and reinforce the human body in an all round manner. With each Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit, Zhang Tie ‘s Strength of Qi, Strength of Blood, Strength of Vein, Strength of Channel, Strength of Bone, Strength of Marrow, and Strength of Spirit would increase accordingly.

The increased data could not be precisely calculated or expressed. However, given his endurance value, Zhang Tie estimated that a Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit might be able to add 2 points to his endurance value. Therefore, four Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruits would at least increase 8 points, bringing him an obvious advantage in endurance over Glaze who was LV 2 at school, and even when he turned LV 3 here.

Besides Wild Wolf Seventh-Strength Fruits, Zhang Tie had a new Seven-Strength Fruit on the small tree after killing two huge wolves. The Strength of Qi had already formed in this Huge Wolf Seventh-Strength Fruit.

Zhang Tie estimated that the number of Seven-Strength Fruits of a certain living being on this small tree should be limited. The fruit was based on a certain spare "number" law, and there could not be endless spares as they had to be restricted by a certain "number" law. This was the rule of the universe and mother nature—everything should proceed within a balanced framework.

If not, the fruit's strengths would be ferociously "grabbed" instead of being spares. If Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit could really keep growing endlessly, Zhang Tie estimated that after killing the tens of thousands, maybe even the hundreds of thousands of wild wolves on the Crescent Prairie and eating all the Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruits, he would be the No. 1 fighter in the world. However, the rule of the universe and mother nature would not allow for such a brutal event that felt off to happen.

Therefore, after eating three Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruits, Zhang Tie became worried, not knowing how many more could be produced by the small tree.

Although the appearance of the Huge Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit brought Zhang Tie a surprise, he knew that LV 1 living beings like huge wolves were not as populous as wild wolves even in the Crescent Prairie. Huge wolves were as rarely seen as golden wolves. The scene where Bonder’s group was attacked by six huge wolves was pretty rarely seen. Unless being very unlucky—or lucky—people could rarely see huge wolves or golden wolves move in packs.

After mutating and evolving, these living beings’ habits changed from those of common wild wolves. This also agreed with the law of mother nature: the more powerful the species was, the less populous it would be. So even knowing that killing huge wolves could bring him Huge Wolf Seventh-Strength Fruits, Zhang Tie mainly paid his attention to the wild wolves in the past couple days.

He told himself that he should eat one bite after another, and walk one step after another. As the wild wolves were numerous in the Crescent Prairie and could be easily dealt with, he should focus on them instead of wasting time dreaming of hunting huge wolves. Most likely the time it took him to find a huge wolf would be enough for him to kill dozens of wild wolves.

Additionally, he also wanted to see the maximum amount of Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruits that could be produced on the small tree if he kept hunting the wild wolves. If he could eat 99 of those fruits, he would greatly improve himself. Though, it would also be okay to enjoy 49 Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruits.

...

He was already in the Crescent Prairie. The huge opening of the Wild Wolf Valley was more than 10 km away from this place.

Several wild wolves which were caught by Zhang Tie and tied onto a crown-like trunk that had been struck by a lightning bolt encircled a hill. Their mouths covered, the wild wolves could only yelp pitifully.

With several bamboo tubes on his body, Zhang Tie pinched his nose and carefully sprayed a smelly liquid over the grassland under the small hill as if he was spraying water. After ten more minutes, when Zhang Tie had sprayed all the liquid from the bamboo tubes onto the surrounding grassland, a strong smelly odor permeated the air.

The hot sun at noon accelerate the volatile speed of the liquid and made it more stimulative.

After spraying the strange liquid, Zhang Tie threw off all the bamboo tubes. He didn’t dare to freely breathe until he ran onto the top of the hill where there was ventilation.

"Damn! That was too f*cking smelly!"

Even though Zhang Tie had kind of gotten used to this in the past couple of days, the smelly odor still had forced him to pour out his last dinner.

After heavily breathing in the fresh air, Zhang Tie smelt his hands as he had gotten used to doing these days. When he sprayed the liquid just now, he noticed that some of it had splashed onto his hands. After smelling them, a disgusting odor rushed directly into his head. So Zhang Tie hurriedly ran to a nearby pond and washed his hands before returning.

The liquid that Zhang Tie had sprayed the grassland with was the wild wolves’ urine, more accurately, female wild wolves’ urine. During the mating season, adult female wolves’ urine could drive all the wild wolves mad.

This was a trick that Zhang Tie had thought up when he saw a pioneer using some strange smelly liquid to trap golden wolves. At the sight of it, Zhang Tie had patted his forehead.

‘How could I forget this? After the full moons would be the wolves’ mating season.’

So Zhang Tie started his plan by catching several live female wild wolves in a short period of time and collecting their urine.

It was very filthy when he collected it. If Alice’s group was with him, Zhang Tie would have never done this. However, now that nobody could see it, he didn't mind doing this filthy thing several more times.

Whether it was waiting under a tree for prey to come close, or running around to hunt one down, no approach could match this method. This was the simplest way that Zhang Tie had discovered to hunt wild wolves.

The sun was hanging high in the sky at noon. After a short while, the female wolves’ urine that Zhang Tie had sprayed had become even more smelly under the scorching sun. Added with the heavy wind in the Crescent Prairie, the strange smell was blown everywhere.

According to Zhang Tie’s experience, the smell of female wolves’ urine could remain for at least more than half a day. Perhaps to male wolves it smelled good, but humans really couldn't stand it.

Zhang Tie put a triangular face-cloth on his face, which was tailored from the shirt stained by wolf blood. After covering his mouth and nose, he inserted his lances on the ground under the tree. After that, he leisurely and casually did some warm-up movements like twisting his waist, stretching his hands, and kicking his legs.

At this moment, Zhang Tie felt that he was a fisherman who had flung his fishing net into the water.

Five minutes later, two wild wolves with red eyes arrived. They noticed Zhang Tie and the female wolves.

'He dared to take five beauties,' the wolves must've been thinking, judging from their animosity.

The two wild wolves then rushed towards Zhang Tie. At the same time, Zhang Tie also ended his warm-up movements and dashed forward. He didn’t use any weapons like a sword or a dagger because they would cause bleeding. Wild wolves had a sensitive nose and high intelligence. After smelling the blood of their companions, they would not be easily fooled.

The first wild wolf wanted to bite Zhang Tie’s shin. However, it was hit by the Spade-Kick, one of the skills from Iron-Blood Fist. Closely after that, the wild wolf’s shin cracked, and it was sent flying for over 10 m in the air. It fell to the ground, never to climb up again.

The second wild wolf charged at Zhang Tie’s neck. Seeing that, Zhang Tie stretched his hand and easily broke its neck using the Wrestling Hand move.

The battle soon came to an end without any blood being spilled.

Some vultures were swirling in the sky, somehow feeling the approaching death and knowing that they will enjoy a grand lunch after a while.

The wind above the Crescent Prairie blew away the dandelions on the hill into the air, and they flew off like white clouds. Among the cute dandelions, Zhang Tie saw the vultures in the sky. Although other people didn’t like them, he burst out laughing at the sight of them since he had predicted that he would achieve a lot today...

However, Zhang Tie didn’t know that what would happen today would change the destiny of a lot of people in the Andaman Alliance...



* * *





Chapter 144




Only after four hours, the sky above Zhang Tie brimmed with dozens of vultures. The scavengers of prairie were hovering in the sky and crying happily in terrifying voices, their eyes fixed on the yummy food on the ground. Some brave ones had even already landed on the ground, gawking with their gleaming eyes at the wolf corpses all over the grass. At the same time, they swaggered their fat bodies and stealthily fluttered their wings while gradually jumping towards the corpses.

By now, the one hundred square meters over the hill where Zhang Tie was standing were covered with dead wolves. There were roughly 70 corpses sparsely lying on the ground.

Compared to the past few days, Zhang Tie had achieved most today. But if more than 70 wild wolves had rushed towards him altogether, he feared that he would have been forced to escape to the vast prairie. Thankfully, they arrived in batches, which granted Zhang Tie the chance to destroy them one group by another.

This also explained how delicate this trap was. The moment the male wild wolves smelt the odor of female wolves, they would definitely rush towards them immediately. They would never choose teamwork in such a situation.

'Probably even male wild wolves would not accost female wolves or make piston-like movements together,' Zhang Tie decided.

Looking at it that way, wild wolves were actually akin to human beings. Since humans, even if they wanted to spend money to f*ck girls, they would never go there in groups. Take Zhang Tie himself for an instance, besides the guys of Hit-Plane Brotherhood, he would hardly go to such a place with anybody else.

He kept waiting, expecting more wild wolves...

The last wave was composed of roughly 20 wild wolves. At the beginning, Zhang Tie only used his hands to kill them. In the end, seeing that some of them were about to escape, he had to use his lance.

Currently, his lance’s attacking range had reached as far as 80 steps with his increasingly growing physical strength and spiritual energy. In this range, Zhang Tie was confident to hit a fly with his lance.

This was a horrifying and strange talent. And Zhang Tie still didn’t know how he could master such a terrifying skill so abruptly. He had no idea where that weird funnel-shaped locking state between him and the target would come from whenever he wanted to throw out his lance.

Having common sense, of course Zhang Tie knew that it was not a common thing. At least, in his surroundings or at school, although having heard a lot of weird things, he had never heard that anyone could suddenly get such an ability. But for him now it was less of a skill to pierce through his target and more of something as instinctive as taking a breath or walking. It was as if he had been born with the ability.

‘Donder knows a lot, perhaps he'll know something about this.’

Zhang Tie decided to ask Donder after the survival training. Although that guy was a bit narrow-minded, he was the still the most reliable person Zhang Tie knew besides his parents and elder brother.

Female wolves’ urine spread through the air, mixing with the increasingly stimulative odor of wild wolves’ fresh blood. Smelling this, more and more vultures hovered above, many of which landed, uttering ‘Gu wo...’. They were carefully observing the dead wild wolves lying on the ground, checking whether they were completely dead or not.

In the past days, these guys had already enjoyed food several times. If they were requested to rate who was the most welcome person on the prairie, Zhang Tie felt that he was definitely qualified to be the No. 1.

While vultures were observing the dead wolves, Zhang Tie was observing them. These days he had found that these guys weren't actually not that disgusting. Although they had a bad reputation, they were the real peace-keepers as they only ate rotten meat and rarely killed other live beings.

Additionally, before eating, they would confirm that the target was really dead. If it was still alive or had one last breath in them, they would then stay aside and wait patiently. They only carefully observed their target, never attacking the almost dead animals.

"Hey, buddy, don’t be afraid, we are good people. We will not attack you while you're still alive. We're waiting to eat your dead body. I think you'll agree to that, right? If not, you'll definitely chase us away. And since you didn’t, it means that you've agreed."

This was how these guys greeted the other animals on the prairie.

Because of these vultures, Zhang Tie reconfirmed his previous belief that a person’s reputation and what was said about him rarely represented the kind of person he really was. Someone with good reputation was not definitely a good person; conversely, a person with a poor reputation was not definitely a bad person.

Although vultures had a bad reputation, none of them had ever hurt other animals in their whole lives. They hadn't even ever hurt a stalk of grass. Even though they were ferocious beasts, they actually chose the loneliest and most misunderstood way of living, and also the most kind.

In contrast, the wild wolves would always attack human beings. Each year, there would be students attending the survival training and people living outside the city getting killed by these wild wolves. However, vultures never attacked people. Although they looked ugly with pitch-dark feathers all over and curved yet long necks which would even drop feathers, Zhang Tie truly liked these guys who never hurt others.

Landing on the ground, the vultures kept uttering ‘Gu wo...’, seemingly warning the lying wild wolves about their arrival. After doing that for awhile, they noticed that the wild wolves didn’t make any response. Finally, a brave vulture just moved forward and tried to give one wolf a peck as the last warning and confirmation.

After that, it fluttered its wings and jumped off. However, the wild wolf remained still. Then another vulture moved forward to give the same wolf a peck and jumped off as the first one had. The wild wolf still didn’t move. With this, the vultures finally confirmed that the wild wolves were dead and had already agreed to being eaten by them.

Therefore, the two vultures fluttered their wings and uttered ‘Gu wo...’ to announce it to the others. Hearing their signal, all the other vultures charged at the dead wild wolf and started to enjoy the yummy food.

When the vultures started to enjoy their meal, Zhang Tie had already prepared to leave. By then, he had also finally confirmed that no more wild wolves would be attracted here today.

Today’s achievements made Zhang Tie very satisfied. He knew that the latest Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruit on the small tree would be ripe by now and would be waiting for him to enjoy it tonight. Tomorrow, Zhang Tie would have five wild wolves’ strength in his body and would have improved his fighting force greatly.

A lance's handle was covered with wolf blood. The polished handle had become dark after several weeks’ fighting, the color coming from the wood soaking up blood.

Zhang Tie put all of his lances back into their container and went to a nearby pond. He wanted to clean them. Since because of all that blood, if it wasn't cleaned, he would always smell gory. Although not being obsessively tidy, Zhang Tie still preferred to be clean.

The lances felt fitting before, but recently they've come to feel as light as straw sticks. It made them harder and harder to use. Zhang Tie shook his head. It seemed that he would have to go back to the Wild Wolf Castle tomorrow and ask Peter and his colleagues to build a new set of heavier lances. These ones were starting to feel just too light.

He reached a small pond. When he arrived there and squatted down with lances in hand, Zhang Tie became stunned as the water in the pond was rippling in a certain rhythm.

‘Is this an earthquake?’ Zhang Tie became slightly puzzled.

Additionally, the ripples in the pond seemed to be coming into being faster and faster, while small water drops directly jumped out of the pond. At this moment, Zhang Tie thought he heard thunder from afar. His face immediately turned pale, and he threw down his lances, rushing towards the tree on the hill.

The several female wolves tied to the tree became really scared when they saw Zhang Tie running towards them.

Zhang Tie climbed onto the crown of the tree at his fastest speed and started to look northwest of the prairie. Far off, there seemed to be thousands of rolling thunders rocking the earth.

Several minutes later, the sounds gradually became louder, and the whole earth started to heavily rock like a big drum. At the same time, numerous birds were scared off and took flight, covering half of the sky, and moving away from the black cloud in the northwest. Even the vultures in front of Zhang Tie seemed to have sensed danger and rose into the air one by one!

Several minutes later, that sound of thousands of rolling thunders grew louder. From the northwest of the prairie, packs of animals—including wild wolves, huge wolves, antelopes, rhinos, magical leopards, hares, lions, jackals, and wild ox—started to rush away in all directions to get as far away from the booming noise.

Several golden wolves and huge wolves and even a lion were escaping, passing by the tree in a panic. However, Zhang Tie had no mood to hunt them at this moment. He just fixed his eyes on the northwest of the prairie.

Soon after these animals disappeared in the distance, several pioneers on horses came in their tracks. Although some of these pioneers were very powerful, they looked like hares in a panic. With their bodies low, close to the horses’ backs, they rode without daring to raise their heads...

"Hurry up, escape, the Iron-Horn Army of the Norman Empire is coming..." a pioneer screamed in a panic, his voice shrill, as he passed 50 m of Zhang Tie...



* * *





Chapter 145




Iron-Horn Army of the Norman Empire?

'F*ck!'

Hearing his voice, Zhang Tie didn't hesitate before directly jumping off from the 3 m high tree. After landing, he intended to escape right away; however, at the sight of the poor watery-eyed female wolves tied to the tree, Zhang Tie stayed and pulled out his dagger, quickly cutting off the ropes and letting them escape.

After obtaining freedom, the female wolves didn't even dare to glance at Zhang Tie. Once the ropes on their mouths and necks became loose, they escaped right away with tails between legs.

In the past days, Zhang Tie had gotten used to killing wolves, however, he still felt reluctant to kill those female wolves which had provided him with the urine to hunt male wild wolves for no reason. Donder had said that thieves also have their own principles. So Zhang Tie cut off the ropes and let them go. After all, the female wolves had helped him a lot.

After setting the female wolves free, Zhang Tie didn't even pick up his lances. Instead, he directly dashed towards the Wild Wolf Valley. At this time, he immediately accelerated to his maximal speed...

In less than one minute, his speed had already surpassed that of the horse's that the previous guy, who had shouted at him loudly, was riding, and he gradually enlarged the distance between himself and the rider. Seeing someone running faster than his horse, that guy was really shocked, his mouth hanging wide open. He became stunned behind Zhang Tie's back...

It was not strange that some good fighters above LV 6 could easily run faster than a galloping horse when they exerted their utmost effort. However, those fighters could only last several minutes. What made the pioneer stunned was that the one in front of him was only over ten years old. He had never heard of someone who would've reach LV 6 at such a young age in Blackhot City.

But what made him even more surprised was that the boy kept sprinting forward at this speed without even feeling exhausted. After surpassing his horse, the young boy kept rushing toward the Wild Wolf Valley without any deceleration. In a short while, the distance between him and that boy had increased greatly. The rider could see his gradually growing smaller back. He checked his own horse which was sweating all over. In a split second, he felt sad and started to shriek in a shrill voice once again.

"Hurry up, escape, the Iron-Horn Army of the Norman Empire is coming..!"

A common horse could run 40 km/h with a person on its back, but Zhang Tie could run above 50 km/h at this time, causing the distance to increase between him and that guy on horse.

He kept running, running, and running, using up all his power...

He moved across the Crescent Prairie like a heavy wind. Seeing his shadow, many pioneers were shocked.

It only took Zhang Tie roughly 20 minutes to rush onto the range that was extended from the Wild Wolf Valley. He then rushed onto the hillside, passing the woods and stayed behind a very hidden rock on a high place on the hill. He heavily breathed while looking at the northwest of the Crescent Prairie.

This time, Zhang Tie was pretty shocked by what he saw.

Far off in the prairie, a red-iron tide surged out like great flooding rivers and lakes.

It was striking the ground, causing thousands of booming sounds over the entire Crescent Prairie. Those sounds rolled towards Blackhot City in an overwhelming way.

That iron tide moved really fast. Just moments ago it was only a red line, but after several winks the front line had already become clear.

That tide was a cavalry battalion dressed in red, advancing at an extremely fast speed. The ridden beasts were not common horses, but weird animals with a horn on their foreheads. Although looking akin to rhinos, they were taller and stronger than rhinos, and had longer legs. They galloped like horses, but were faster than them.

On the backs of the ferocious beasts were knights wholly dressed in red armor. They looked like gloomy iron fortress with a row of air holes for their mouths and another for their eyes, making them pretty terrifying.

Common people would be terrified by seeing even a single one of those ferocious beasts standing in front of them. But right now, this many knights had appeared on the Crescent Prairie, advancing forward like huge dragons in an overwhelming manner.

At this moment, Zhang Tie was deeply impressed by the cavalry's handsome looks.

The front knight was firmly holding a banner in his hand, on which was the icon of the head of the iron-horned beast that they were riding on. This icon was the very symbol of the North Border Iron-Horn of the Norman Empire.

Those slower pioneers were caught up with by the knights from behind. Standing on the hill, Zhang Tie thought a massacre would come. Unexpectedly, the knights on the iron-horned beasts didn't care about the pioneers at all. They didn't even glance at those running people who had already jumped off the horses as they were afraid of running in front of the Iron-Horn Army. The Army kept rushing towards Blackhot City.

A lion in hunting would never feel like glancing at the ants on the roadside!

The red-iron tide divided into two in front of the Wild Wolf Valley. Half marched to one side of it, while the other went to the other.

It was really an endless iron tide. When it passed by, the leaves on the hill started to quiver. The sounds of tens of thousands galloping iron-horned beasts were really like rolling thunder that passed by under your feet.

Under Zhang Tie's gaze, the iron tide divided into two on the border of the Wild Wolf Valley and the Crescent Prairie, then kept galloping for one hour like a red flood, without stop.

At this moment, Zhang Tie's face completely turned pale.

After the iron-horn cavalry came endless iron war-chariots. The steam chariots were following in a very grand way. Upon dividing into two at the entrance of the Wild Wolf Valley, they also rolled towards Blackhot City.

After the steaming tanks were numerous steaming trucks with infantries inside.

One hour later...

Suddenly the birds hovering in the sky were scared and flew away again as a terrifying giant moved out of the clouds and showed itself in the sky.

With his mouth slightly opened, Zhang Tie fixed his eyes on that giant thing in the sky, recognizing it as an airship 500 m long. Just like a cloud's, its huge shadow was cast onto the ground which then slowly moved over the valley and the hills below.

It took the airship roughly one minute to fly over Zhang Tie's head. During that time, its huge shadow kept covering him.

His head raised, Zhang Tie was awed by that giant thing.

Soon after, huge airships closely drilled threw the clouds one by one. They were like a huge centipede that lasted dozens of kilometers in the sky. Such a scene deeply shocked Zhang Tie.

He knew that Blackhot City would be over soon. Not only Blackhot City, but even all the armies of the entire Andaman Alliance if they moved out. There was just no way for them to resist the North Border Army of the Norman Empire in Zhang Tie's eyes.

Only in an hour, at least 100,000 soldiers had passed in front of him. Zhang Tie then cast his eyes onto the Crescent Prairie and found an endless iron tide coming towards him like the flood of great rivers and lakes. Iron cavalry, armored vehicles, soldier-transporting vehicles, material-transporting vehicles, and airships of the Norman Empire above his head, all pushed forward like locusts and floods that knew no exhaustion. Such a scene kept Zhang Tie in shock, even making his nerves go numb...

Not only was Blackhot City over, even Andaman Alliance might be so. Such a large-scale army was definitely not here for merely Blackhot City.

Sometimes, c'est la vie.

When sitting under a tree, someone might throw their dining plates before you and find you endless trouble; sometimes, when you were jubilantly hunting and doing survival training,thinking about eating fruits soon, the huge wheels of history would not care about whether you had eaten dinner yet. They would just roll by you instead, changing the destiny of you and your beloved people.

The Crescent Prairie still brimmed with the iron tide...

At this moment, Zhang Tie thought back to his parents in Blackhot City, his elder brother who was serving in the army in Blackhot City, and the girls and his brothers of Hit-Plane Brotherhood. Then he rushed down the hill and continued running to the Wild Wolf Castle.

The moment he reached the foot of the hill, he had already seen a wisp of red smoke rising from the Wild Wolf Castle. That was the decree of greatest emergency which was used to summon all the students attending the survival training back to the Wild Wolf Castle at once. It could be seen for dozens of kilometers.

Actually, before seeing the rising red smoke, all the other students had already stopped what they were doing and started to run back to the Wild Wolf Castle.

A huge war-time airship of the Norman Empire had already flown by the Wild Wolf Valley, moving towards the Wild Wolf Castle. Unless blind, everybody would see it. At the sight of that huge airship marked with the Norman Empire's icon, all the students only had one thought in their minds: 'That's not good, something really bad is going to happen.' Of course nobody would have the mood to continue their survival training after seeing such a thing.

That huge war-time airship didn't fly very fast. So before it had reached the Wild Wolf Castle, such a giant moving thing was noticed by all the people in the castle. In the watch tower at the top of the Wild Wolf Castle, if you used a telescope, you could see more airships appearing in the sky above the Crescent Prairie.

"It's the Crazy-Shark war-time airship of the Iron-Horn Army of the Norman Empire. Attention, please, the war between the Norman Empire and the Andaman Alliance is breaking out!"

Captain Kerlin put down his telescope and calmly said as a complicated expression flashed across his eyes...



* * *





Chapter 146




The teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee used the telescope to observe the sky above the Crescent Prairie in turns from the watch tower. After seeing the sights, their faces all turned pale. Being different from students, most of the teachers could surmise how many soldiers were in the Iron-Horn Army of the Norman Empire's airships by merely identifying the number and level of the airships in the air via the telescope.

"How long will it take for us to start the main boiler of the Wild Wolf Castle? Do we have enough time?" some teachers asked helplessly.

"If we rely on the students, it will take us at least three hours to start it, and only then will we be able to trigger the air-defense weapons of the castle using the pressure in the main boiler. However, during the time we increase the pressure, the enemy airships could just throw a heavy, white, phosphorous bomb to destroy the entire Wild Wolf Castle into debris. We have no chance to fight back at all..." another teacher replied calmly.

Hearing that, all the other teachers became quiet.

"I suggest to lift the blue-green flag as we have no right to sacrifice these innocent students! We all know how many soldiers are in the airships. In a saying of the Eastern Continent, is it necessary for us to be a mantis that intends to hold back a train by lying itself under the wheel of the train? To be honest, those students are still commoners. They're neither qualified nor bound to get involved with this upcoming war..." Saying this, Mr. Zerom fixed his eyes on Captain Kerlin. "Let's raise our hands to vote!"

After saying that, Mr. Zerom raised his hand. Soon after him many other teachers did the same. Finally, Captain Kerlin also raised his hand. Seeing that, the remaining teachers raised their hands too.

Several minutes later, along with a red smoke, a blue-green flag was raised on the top of the castle. This was a more graceful way to avoid war compared to raising a white flag. According to the Conventions of Human Clan Wars in this age, blue-green flag indicated that the Wild Wolf Castle was a non-military target and not fortified.

As was expected, after raising the blue-green flag, the airships flying towards the Wild Wolf Castle slightly changed their course and shifted their attention to Blackhot City.

Looking in the direction of the city, Captain Kerlin looked a bit dejected. At this moment, Mr. Zerom pushed open the door and entered with two glasses and a bottle of wine in his hands.

Captain Kerlin looked at him, amazed. "Where did you get this?"

"Castle Commander's Office!"

"That place is locked. You'd be sent to military court if you entered without permission..."

"I unlocked it!" Mr. Zerom carelessly replied. "Do you think the room's owner still has a chance to come back to open the door? Or do you want to leave these items to the bastards who will come here to take over the Castle..."

During his speech, Zerom opened the bottle of wine and put the glasses on the table. He filled the two glasses with wine. After the sanguine liquid became level, the two teachers observed it quivering slightly.

"At least 200,000. Not only the iron-horn cavalry, even the armored troops have set out this time. Otherwise, it would never be this overwhelming!" Zerom sighed like what he was talking about had nothing to do with him. "The Iron-Horn Army has left the Kachiton defense line that had been managed by the Andaman Alliance for two dozens of years and appeared at the back of Blackhot City. They directly cut into the abdomen of the Alliance from the Crescent Prairie. This is really a nice and ferocious left hook..."

Captain Kerlin cast a fierce glare to Zerom and swore, "Bastard!" It was hard to say whether he was cursing the Iron-Horn Army of the Norman Empire or Zerom. After that, Captain Kerlin didn't take his glass but, rather, directly grabbed the wine bottle and started to swallow deep, making a sound of 'Gulu gulu'.

"Even now the Norman Empire dares to do this so blatantly! They've definitely made a compromise with the Sun Dynasty. Perhaps at this moment the Sun Dynasty's army is also marching on Cilanca City!" After sipping a mouthful of wine, Zerom slightly narrowed his eyes. "Even if they gather together by hundreds, the guys doing business in Andaman Alliance are still rabbits; even if small businessmen gather together by tens, they would still do small business!"

"The city wall of Blackhot City will not be that easily broken. The Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation has done a lot of work to strengthen it. If the Norman Empire really wants to launch a war, it will not be able to take down the Blackhot City without paying a miserable price!" Captain Kerlin said in a low voice.

"Kerlin, don't you know that this is not a matter of can or cannot, but a matter of dare or dare not for those people in the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation. Forget your honor as a soldier!" Zerom started to be incisive. "Trust me, those guys doing small business would never think about any damn respect or honor at this moment, but instead how to negotiate with the representatives from the Norman Empire, striving to guarantee the safety of their own property to the utmost degree.

"They would never dare to fight the Norman Empire at this time. With only one excuse, the commander of the North Border Army of the Norman Empire would deliver an order to break them into pieces and take over all of their private properties that they had used dozens of years to accumulate. Just wait, once the Norman Empire besieges Blackhot City, we'll soon see many citizens of the Norman Empire in a few days..."

"Damned!" Captain Kerlin turned gloomy. After swallowing a couple more mouthfuls of wine, he stared at Zerom. "How many have you got?"

"What?"

It was Zerom's turn to be confused this time.

"No matter how many bottles of wine you've pilfered from the Office, I want half of them!" the one-eyed man said arbitrarily...

Not until the vanguard of the iron cavalry of the Iron-Horn Army had come to only 15 km from Blackhot City did the only airship in the sky above the city notice the iron tide and those huge airships rolling closer at a rapid pace.

The shrill war alerts and air-defense alerts immediately resonated through Blackhot City. At the same time, several city gates of Blackhot City closed up.

On the city wall, all the soldiers and officers, including Zhang Tie's elder brother, who had rushed into the defense posts turned pale when they caught sight of the cavalry flooding towards.

"The army from the Norman Empire is coming! The Iron-Horn Army of the Norman Empire is coming!"

When the war alerts rung, Zhang Tie's father was still working in the factory while his mom and elder sister-in-law were at home. Many citizens were standing and gawking in the street.

The moment Zhang Tie's dad heard the alerts, he immediately left his work and ran outside the factory. Seeing two confused youths within the building, he pulled them out by their arms.

"What happened?"

"Those are the war and air-defense alerts. Come on, leave the factory..." Zhang Tie's dad shouted out loudly.

Hearing that, everybody else turned pale and rushed outside the factory. If the air attack started, the plant areas would be the first targets. At this moment, they would be safer in a spacious area.

Recognizing the alerts, Zhang Tie's mom and elder sister-in-law immediately hid in their family's refuge chamber.

Everybody in the street became flurried, as did the Blackhot City as a whole...

At this moment, Zhang Tie was rushing back to the Wild Wolf Castle...





* * *





Chapter 147




When Zhang Tie came back to the Wild Wolf Castle, it was already in chaos.

Before returning here, he had passed by the tree house. Seeing the line: 'We are in the Wild Wolf Castle!', Zhang Tie knew that Barley's group had already went back.

The words were of course written for Zhang Tie. Since Barley's group had predicted that Zhang Tie would definitely come back to the tree house to check on them after seeing the signal, they left this line for him.

At this time, many students' faces were covered with helplessness and fear. When the huge war machines of the Norman Empire came to fly above their heads, all those who had never seen them before were really shocked. Everyone felt dwarfed.

Although Blackhot City had its own airships, they were just dozens of meters in length. Floating above the city, they were mainly used as watch towers by the City Guard. However, compared to the airships of the Norman Empire, they were just rabbits in front of lions. And of course a rabbit and a lion would bring completely different emotions in people.

It was noisy in the Wild Wolf Square as students had already gathered to discuss about what was happening. Although many people could see the huge airships, they hadn't yet figured out what was happening right now.

Before coming to the Wild Wolf Valley, they were taught military education for many years at school, so although they were afraid, they still remained disciplined.

Additionally, the flying blue-green flag on the top of the castle also relieved their tension. So even though the sudden appearance of the Norman Empire's army was terrifying, they all kept calm, knowing that they wouldn't be attacked. So what worried them right now were not themselves but their family members in Blackhot City.

The moment Zhang Tie came to the Wild Wolf Castle, he was noticed by Leit who was waiting on the path leading to the valley from the square.

"Bighead..." Leit rushed toward him through the noisy crowd. Hugging him, he said, "Nice to see you back, we were worried that you might not be back in time!" Saying this, Leit looked around carefully and drew slightly closer to Zhang Tie. With his voice lowered, he said, "Glaze also started a loner's survival training several days ago. Learning about it, everybody started to worry for you..."

Leit's concerned expression and his excitement at the sight of him made Zhang Tie warm inside. Facing Leit's concern, he patted his shoulder.

"Trust me, I'm okay. How about you guys?"

"Fine, Pandora, Alice, and Beverly are fine too. Oh, have you met Glaze?"

"Glaze? I've not seen him for a long time. He might have disappeared from this world!" Zhang Tie replied straightforwardly with a big smile.

Somehow, Leit could sense that Zhang Tie was obviously different from before, even though not that many days had passed. His friend's appearance hadn't changed, but his temperaments was quite different compared to earlier. He had become more confident, calm, and mysterious. Besides that, he presented a certain feeling of hidden sharpness to others.

'Could a loner's survival training really bring about such great changes to a person in a short time?'

Leit became suspicious.

There were many people in the square. Not only were the other members of the Brotherhood waiting for Zhang Tie, but even his mining brothers were paying attention to him.

Potter, Wood, Gandhi, Jones, Franca, and other mining brothers had gathered together and formed a small group. Seeing Zhang Tie, they all revealed smiles and were a bit moved. Compared to other groups in the square, the small group composed of the mining brothers became less chaotic. Many of them frankly sat on the ground with calm expressions.

Zhang Tie greeted Potter's group by nodding his head instead of going towards them.

They looked understanding: the Ancient Gods Church was still a huge secret.

"You know those guys?" Leit asked with a bit of curiosity after seeing Zhang Tie greet those guys.

"Yea, we're mining friends!"

"Oh, I thought you've joined the Gods' Bliss Association."

"Gods' Bliss Association? Gods' Bliss Association?"

Zhang Tie was confused.

"It's an association organized by those mad guys. They treat mining as cultivation. I heard they even implement a mysterious prayer before mining by kissing the icy mining bed. So the previous miners in the mine were scared off by them.

"A couple of days after you left, the Gods' Bliss Association had taken completely control of the mine. They're very united with a powerful fighting force and are really good at mining, just as if they were born-to-be miners. As long as one of them meets with some trouble, the others will rush to him in aid.

"One week ago, when a small association of more than twenty people was bullying one of their members, the other more than sixty members of Gods' Bliss Association all rushed forward regardless of their own lives.

"As a result, on the side of the Wild Wolf Square, they beat over ten guys so ferociously that those guys even knelt down in front of them to beg for forgiveness. After Burwick's Male Lion Association was disbanded, these guys of Gods' Bliss Association have become a popular emerging association in the Wild Wolf Castle."

Leit explained it to Zhang Tie as they walked, not even noticing that Zhang Tie's eyes had almost popped out while listening.

Zhang Tie had never imagined that after confounding them with his "Cave Barbarian Living Style", these guys would unite, bursting with creativity like having found the direction of their futures. Several bad luck miners had started to play the game of associations too. Additionally, Zhang Tie felt that Gods' Bliss Association was somewhat related to that Ancient Gods' Church which he had fabricated.

Barley and the other members of the Brotherhood were gathered in the square. Seeing Leit accompanying Zhang Tie back, their spirits rose, and they all heaved a deep sigh of relief.

"You wait here for me, I have an emergency to report to Captain Kerlin and the other teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee!"

After greeting the other members of the Brotherhood, Zhang Tie intended to leave for Captain Kelrin.

"What's the matter? Bighead, why are you in such a hurry?" Barley asked.

After glancing over these guys who were still confused, Zhang Tie greeted and motioned for them to get closer. "I met the Iron-Horn Army of the Norman Empire in the Crescent Prairie!"

"What?"

The others almost jumped up from the ground.

"The Iron-Horn Army divided into two at the border between the Crescent Prairie and the Wild Wolf Valley, avoiding going through. They chose a route that's more suitable for the great numbers of their troops to charge at Blackhot City. Their routes were almost horizontal to the Wild Wolf Valley with two ranges of the Wild Wolf Valley between them. They were at least 10 km away from each other."

Those who attended the survival training in the Wild Wolf Valley wouldn't know that. And even if some of them had felt something, they could never imagine how truly terrifying were the troops of the Norman Empire when they moved together.

"How many people?" Barley asked in a low voice.

"The troops that passed before me consisted of more than 100,000 people. The amount of cavalry on the iron-horn beasts would surpass 50,000. There were also large batches of armored troops. Before I came back, the other troops of the Norman Empire were still marching endlessly to this place from the Crescent Prairie. I have to report this situation to the Temporary Supervision Committee now..."

Hearing Zhang Tie's description, every member of the Brotherhood turned pale. Facing such a dire change in their situation, everybody became worried, and felt weak. What could a few youths do in front of such great power?

The moment Zhang Tie separated from the other members of the Brotherhood, he darted into the Wild Wolf Castle. Coincidentally, he almost hit Captain Kerlin and Zerom.

Seeing them, Zhang Tie hurriedly drew close and reported what he had seen about the Norman Empire's army. He was then surprised that both Zerom and Captain Kerlin showed no excessive surprise during his report. They only asked him for some extra details on a few parts.

"You've long known about it?"

"No, we didn't know it but assumed such. When we saw the war-time airships of the Norman Empire, we counted their numbers using a telescope and knew that the Iron-Horn Army had dispatched a great number of soldiers this time!"

Zerom forced a faint smile.

"Mr. Zerom, do you think that the Blackhot City will be in trouble? My elder brother is still serving in the City Guard!" Zhang Tie urgently asked Zerom about what he was concerned most. "Can I go back to have a look now?

"I'm afraid that Blackhot City has been besieged by the Iron-Horn Army of the Norman Empire. Do you think you could break through its blockade? The city gates of Blackhot City must be closed shut by now. Even if you could get close to the city's wall, do you think the City Guard would open the gates for you?" Zerom rebutted.

Thinking back to all those troops of the Norman Empire and the critical situation facing Blackhot City, Zhang Tie shook his head.

"Don't worry, I estimate that the war will hardly break out in Blackhot City. Your elder brother should be safe!"

Zerom's admiration of this youth in front of him rose as he watched him.

Zhang Tie had dared to attend the loner's survival training in the Crescent Prairie, which meant that he had a powerful fighting force. Then after discovering the Norman Empire's army, he immediately rushed back to report the critical situation to the teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee, proving his loyalty to Blackhot City. Of course teachers would favor such an excellent student.

Hearing Zerom's words, Zhang Tie was reassured. He asked then, "Mr. Zerom, is the war coming?"

"It has already come. However, it will probably end very fast..." Zerom sighed. He then patted Zhang Tie's shoulder and told him solemnly, "In this war, the two parties' military force is very different. It's like a fight between a lion and a rabbit. Tell me, if Captain Kerlin took a knife to rob an elementary student of his candy bar, dare the elementary student not submit to him? What's more, that elementary student is an orphan which has no one to rely on..."

Zhang Tie peered at Captain Kerlin and noticed this one-eyed man's extreme dissatisfaction with the metaphor. Captain Kerlin then glared at Zerom. "Dare he not!"

"That's it! This is how war goes. The Norman Empire aims to rob, instead of to eliminate. But do you know what it means when a powerful guy like Captain Kerlin starts robbing kids of their candy bars or old men of their wine bottles that they had spent great effort to get, regardless of losing his face?"

"What does this mean?"

"It means the world is gonna turn chaotic..." Zerom let out a deep sigh as he shifted his eyes to stare in the distance. "This war is just an appetizer of the bloody and chaotic banquet that's begun in this world..."

Zhang Tie was stunned by the words. Chaotic world? This was his first time hearing such words so close together...





* * *





Chapter 148




The outer castle of the Wild Wolf Castle was in chaos. When the Temporary Supervision Committee declared that they would open the barracks and allow the students to live in there, many people became busy moving their belongings.

This was an emergency countermeasure. Besides opening the barracks to the students, the Temporary Supervision Committee even opened the reserve materials' warehouse and allocated the war reserves to students. Every student would obtain an emergency rescue kit and two days' worth of standard military dried rations. The Temporary Supervision Committee declared that from today on, the Wild Wolf Castle would implement food allotment system. All students attending this survival training would be able to obtain some rations each day at a certain time.

In order to respond to emergencies, the Temporary Supervision Committee soon issued a series of measures that brought tension to the entire Wild Wolf Castle.

From today on, female students could only move in the Wild Wolf Castle. They could freely access the inner castle and the outer castle. However, without the approval of the teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee, no female student was allowed to leave the Wild Wolf Castle. Realizing this was a protective measure for the female students, nobody protested it.

Everyone knew that when the war truly broke out, women that had less power to protect themselves would be easily hurt and violated. This was especially so when the surroundings of the castle were brimming with 100,000-200,000 soldiers of the Norman Empire.

Nobody dared to be careless at this moment. If female students were still allowed to go out of the Wild Wolf Castle at this moment, even if a small squad of soldiers were patrolling or executing missions nearby, they would bring disaster to them. Nobody would allow the girls to risk something like that happening.

When girls were restricted to moving only in the Wild Wolf Castle, many boys begun to strive to join the contingent of on-duty students which had expanded more than 10 times. Previously, there were less than 40 on-duty students under the direct guidance of the Temporary Supervision Committee. But right now, the contingent had been expanded to 500 people, who took charge of the defense of the Wild Wolf Castle under the guidance of the Temporary Supervision Committee.

After joining the on-duty contingent, the animals all became highly spirited. Especially since everybody received a whole new set of protective equipment, armor, and weapons from the reserves of the Wild Wolf Castle. Soon after that happened, people in new light armor, which was produced in Blackhot City, could be seen everywhere around the castle.

For some reason, Zhang Tie always felt that the guys wandering around with their new weapons looked like they were sharing booty before facing an incoming disaster.

'Hopefully it's just my imagining,' Zhang Tie mumbled inwardly.

Besides the main boiler in the Castle, all the six sub-steam-boilers that were responsible for ground defense of the Wild Wolf Castle had been heated. The social recluses in the iron-melting workshop also became busy. Peter's group were assigned with a heavy task. They were ordered to supervise the normal running of the sub-boilers. Many animals were recruited to the boiler room.

Unexpectedly, those guys of Gods' Bliss Association asked to do all the most dirty and tiresome coal shoveling work in the boiler room, winning themselves the Temporary Supervision Committee's great praise.

Half an hour after the sub-boilers were heated up, the first steam ballista platform started running. Captain Kerlin then carried out the first trial shot. It was an over 2-m long metal bolt shot directly out of the mouth of the ballista, which hit a big tree as thick as a girl's waist 300 m away. The tree broke and fell on impact.

When Captain Kerlin was trying out the steam ballista, all the boys were standing on the walls of the outer castle while all the girls stood on raised platforms and next to high windows of the inner castle. They all stretched their necks, intending to enjoy the effect of the heavy steam-drive city-defense weapon which represented the highest level of human ingenuity in this age.

Seeing that great bolt fly for several hundreds of meters, directly hit the big tree, and break it, everybody cheered up and felt somewhat reassured.

It was also Zhang Tie's first time seeing the power of these city-defense weapons. Like others, he was convinced by the amazing power it possessed.

When Captain Kerlin finished testing the steam ballista, the sun had almost set down. Head count started then. Seeing the rising red smoke from the Wild Wolf Castle, all the students came back including Blues whose whereabouts were unknown to everyone.

However, Glaze still hadn't come back yet.

When Zhang Tie came back in the morning, besides the members of the Brotherhood and the guys of the Gods' Bliss Association, Glaze's three lackeys—Sharon, Zuhair, and Garner— had also noticed his arrival. That sight made the three people a bit surprised and agitated.

Zhang Tie noticed their expressions at that moment. Only after glancing over them briefly, he knew that they had known about Glaze's plans. After waiting for so long and yet seeing Zhang Tie come back instead of their leader, they had to be thinking of all possibilities.

When the head count finished and Glaze still hadn't shown up, the three people's faces filled with fear when they saw Zhang Tie once again. However, the latter looked as calm as before, not paying them a single glance.

Since Zhang Tie came back to the Wild Wolf Castle, he had not seen any girls walking out of the inner castle. He heard that all of them were forbidden to leave the inner castle once the red smoke had risen up. Teachers from the several national female middle schools were comforting them inside and imparting them some necessary knowledge and matters needing attention during war.

When he was standing on the wall of the outer castle, Zhang Tie thought he saw the shadows of Pandora, Alice, and Beverly standing on the platform of the inner castle. This led to Zhang Tie missing them more by the second, like how male wolves had missed the female wolves on the Crescent Prairie the past few days.

If you had no experienced with life or death situations, you would never know how precious life is!

After seeing the trial shooting, when the girls were still standing on the high platforms or next to windows, Zhang Tie suddenly decided to do something impulsive. He ran downward the wall at his fastest speed, passed the space between the outer castle and the inner castle, and finally arrived below the towers of where the girls lived.

When an old virgin standing at the entrance of the inner castle saw Zhang Tie rushing inside jubilantly, she stared at him icily. But before she could open her mouth, intending to scold Zhang Tie, unexpectedly, he stopped by her side and raised his head towards the towers above them.

"Pandora, Alice, and Beverly, I'm back..."

Zhang Tie's voice was much louder than a normal person's. Although it wasn't akin to a thunder, his exclamation was at least as loud as a pack of wolves howling; it shocked the entire Wild Wolf Castle.

After hearing the call, all the girls inside the inner castle bustled, moving to stretch their heads out of the windows and high platforms to see who was shouting so loudly below. Not only girls, even boys cast amazed looks at Zhang Tie; they had never seen such a blatant guy before.

"Pandora, Alice, Beverly, I miss you everyday, I miss you all everyday..."

Seeing the three girls show their heads from the high platforms of the inner castle, Zhang Tie became more excited.

The three girls had never imagined that Zhang Tie could express his longing for them in front of so many people below the building of the inner castle. They then waved at him, wishing they could say something in reply. However, since they were too high up, Zhang Tie could never hear them, so they didn't utter a sound.

The moment the aged woman with an icy expression stood up, ready to scold Zhang Tie, she was immediately stunned by what he was saying...

"I found some wild mulberry seeds in the Crescent Prairie..." Zhang Tie exclaimed, continuing to shout loudly. "My mom said that wild mulberry seeds can make girls' hair more beautiful. Therefore, I brought them here for you. I will throw them up to you..."

After saying that, Zhang Tie retreated several steps back. He then pulled out a small cloth bag and tried his best to throw it up to the girls with his eyes fixed on where they were.

Nobody could imagine that Zhang Tie would be able throw a bag to such a high place. Under the gazes of numerous girls and boys, he positioned the pouch in his hand and then with great precision threw it up to the 40 m high windowsill from which Pandora, Alice, and Beverly were looking down.

This was too precise!

After throwing the bag to them, Zhang Tie waved at them and quickly ran away with jubilation evident in his steps...

At this moment, seeing Zhang Tie's happy look, all the girls, including that woman with an icy expression at the entrance of the gate were silent. All of them were thinking about an identical scene: a youth attending a loner's survival training, seeing a patch of wild mulberry seeds, which reminded him of their hair. So that youth packed those black mulberry seeds and put the bag close to his chest in his coat. When he saw them, he would hand it to them. Even if he could not see them, the youth would still feel no fear of being stared at by thousands of eyes as he stood in front of the tall tower where they were in and expressed his longing for them loudly...

From a windowsill of a tall tower in the inner castle, Miss Qili suddenly thought back to something when she saw Zhang Tie and slowly let out a sigh.

In the tall tower, Pandora, Alice, and Beverly were deeply moved, their eyes fixed on the roughly sewn cloth bag and the heavy black mulberry seeds inside.

The cloth bag was made from Zhang Tie's shirt. The three girls noticed it immediately when they saw the bag. There were even obvious blood stains on the threads of the white linen. Seeing that, they imagined how Zhang Tie had clumsily injured his fingers when he sew the cloth bag.

"Pandora, Beverly, I beg you, please give him to me!"

Alice raised her watery eyes and stared at Pandora and Beverly seriously.

"I've told you, he's mine. No matter how many women he would have, he's mine..."

Pandora shook her head.

"We're still young, why not be absurd and share him at this time. Maybe when we're old, our actions now could be reminiscent about for the rest of our lives!" Moving the cloth bag with the black mulberry seeds inside close to her nose, Beverly took a deep breath. "There's his smell on it!"

At this time, Blackhot City was in an extreme fear as the Norman Empire's army was arriving in endless numbers in an overwhelming manner. Before the people in Blackhot City realized what was happening, the four city walls had already been tightly besieged by the Norman Empire's army.

Soon after, Blackhot City became an isolated island. Several representatives ruling the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation immediately came to the Norman Empire's commanding barrack to ask for an audience with the commander. However, the person who met them was not the commander of the Norman Empire's army, but a young lieutenant.

Those representatives didn't even get to come close to the commanding vehicle of the Norman Empire's Army. Instead, they were held back outside that iron wall built in the wild. Standing on the ground under the sky, they met a solemn military officer of the enemy army.

"Commander Schneider ordered me to tell you three things: first, you still have the chance to surrender yourselves. If you surrender during the period from now to the time when the first ray of sunlight shines onto Blackhot City, all the members of the seven clans dominating the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation will survive. You will also preserve your own properties; second, if you don't surrender during this period, after the sunrise tomorrow, we will break into Blackhot City.

"When the city walls are broken, all 1139 people of your seven clans will be killed, not one will be left alive. And third, the first clan to open the city gates to welcome the arrival of the Norman Empire's army will be seen as our friend.

"After toppling all the other clans, this clan then could choose to inherit the properties of any one of the other clans in the city." Saying this, the solemn lieutenant glanced over the representatives of Blackhot City. "Although commander Schneider would always like to fight ferociously, as we are all humans, I can tell you the news that several hours ago the Brilliant Feathers Army of Sun Dynasty have already passed the borderline between it and the Andaman Alliance..."

Hearing the three requests, and especially the latest news, the two representatives of Blackhot City immediately turned pale and returned into their vehicles, rushing back to the City.

Eventually, while the Wild Wolf Castle was still concerned about the situation in Blackhot City, the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation had already told everybody using their own actions that an isolated city like Blackhot City could only stand for four hours under the lightning-fast attack of the Norman Empire's army. They didn't resist even for a night.

Four hours after Blackhot City was besieged, it surrendered. At the same time, the news that Lance City, another city of Andaman Alliance, was taken over by the Brilliant Feathers drifted over.

In one day, the great Andaman Alliance had been split into two pieces: one in the south and one in north, by the Norman Empire and the Sun Dynasty who were now in the middle...



* * *





Chapter 149




On the second day, before dawn, people in the Wild Wolf Castle already knew that Blackhot City had surrendered to the Norman Empire. To be precise, they hadn't surrendered, but joined it.

The message falcon had brought the latest news from Blackhot City to the Wild Wolf Castle: the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation that ruled Blackhot City had declared that from today on Blackhot City would separate from the Andaman Alliance and would join the Norman Empire as a LV 4 city of Brunswick Province under the management of the governor of the Norman Empire's North Border.

After delivering this declaration, the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation that ruled Blackhot City for dozens of years officially declared its disbandment.

In this age, when chaos arrived to the world by the way of war, big fishes started to eat those smaller than them, and lions begun to hunt down hares. It was hard to say whether it was a tragedy or a comedy for small figures with little force behind them, but many would find that they had already changed their nationality between going to sleep and waking up next morning...

As citizens of the Andaman Alliance, everyone in the Wild Wolf Castle became citizens of the Norman Empire when the sun rose up the next morning.

After realizing that his destiny was casually toyed with by a huge hand, and learning of what had happened to Blackhot City, Zhang Tie just calmly left the Wild Wolf Castle, and ran off at his full strength. He didn't stop until reaching the highest point of the mountain in the border between the Wild Wolf Valley and the Crescent Prairie. With his eyes fixed on that vast Crescent Prairie, he stood still until the the sun set off.

Nobody knew what he was thinking about at that moment.

When the sun set off, Zhang Tie returned to the Wild Wolf Castle.

From today on, people in the castle started to eat from the same big pot. After opening the barracks to the public yesterday, the canteen in the castle was also opened up.

It was much larger than the one at school. Everybody received their dining plates and food in the castle's canteen like soldiers. After eating, they would wash their own dining plates and hand them back.

The atmosphere in the castle was really gloomy.

After eating, when the members of the Brotherhood intended to wash their own dining plates, Zhang Tie collected them all and said he would deal with them.

"What's wrong, Bighead?" Doug asked like a dumb ass.

"I feel like that guy was a bit weird today. He's not that diligent before!"

Barley shook his head.

Everyone in the Brotherhood then cast their eyes on Zhang Tie who was lifting a pile of dining plates and walking towards another side instead of the water faucets.

He was walking directly towards where Sharon, Zuhair, and Garner were sitting.

Bang!

Loudly, Zhang Tie threw the seven metal dining plates in front of Sharon. The noise caused by the dining plates crashing onto the wooden table, startling everybody else. They all turned their heads and watched what was happening over here. As a result, the gloomy canteen became even quieter.

Zhang Tie had thrown the dining plates directly onto Sharon's own, causing the soup in his plate to splash all over his body.

Seeing this, Sharon, Zuhair, and Garner immediately turned pale and stood up.

With such an obvious aggression being displayed, all the other students sitting on the same table with the three guys hurriedly stood up and moved away.

Zhang Tie was definitely one of the most famous people in the Wild Wolf Castle. At the same time, Barley and the other members of the Brotherhood had quickly rushed over, rolling up their sleeves. Knowing that Zhang Tie was going to beat up Sharon and the other two lackeys of Glaze, all the other members of the Brotherhood had prepared to fight.

"Wash the dining plates and hand them back to the kitchen!" Zhang Tie ordered with an icy expression. "I think you don't need me to tell you how to do that. You try it by yourselves for once, having bullied others so long at school by asking them to wash your dining plates!"

Those people who felt that Zhang Tie was being too aggressive before, immediately knew what was happening after hearing his words. They then remained quiet. Especially since many animals in the canteen were from the Seventh National Male Middle School.

After some quiet murmuring at first, there was no more sympathy in the onlookers' eyes for Sharon, Garner, and Zuhair.

"Zhang Tie, you... you... Don't go too far!" Zuhair pointed at Zhang Tie, his face turning pale. He had never imagined that Zhang Tie would dare to be so aggressive against them. "After Glaze comes back, you'll be in great trouble!"

"After Glaze comes back, just point him to in my direction. I'll be waiting!" Zhang Tie revealed a cold smile. "Now, answer me, are you going to wash them or not?"

"F*c—"

Pa!

Zhang Tie moved so swiftly that Zuhair hadn't even finished swearing when he was slapped in the face. He then wanted to withstand it, only to feel like he was crashed into by a running rhino. His movements and wishes didn't influence Zhang Tie's attack whatsoever. With the feeling of one's bones fracturing, Zuhair was slapped by Zhang Tie's ferocious move and sent flying. After several rolls in the air, he fell heavily onto the ground.

Almost at the same time, Zhang Tie kicked Garner's, who was sitting in the middle, abdomen, and sent him flying as well.

Sharon was too weak. The moment he punched at Zhang Tie, his fist was patted away like a fly, which, however, felt like an iron plate slapping his hand back. In a split second, Sharon was in so much pain that he almost teared up. But before he could utter a sound, Zhang Tie had already grabbed his hair and driven his face down onto his dining plate with great ferocity. The newly born shrill shriek was cut off short, and Sharon's face was turned into a bloody pulp.

Before the other members of the Brotherhood could rush in to help, the fight was already over. In front of Zhang Tie, the three guys hadn't even stood for three seconds. They were all beaten up and were now lying on the ground, unable to pick themselves up.

All the onlookers were shocked by Zhang Tie's fighting force. A LV 1, even a LV 2 warrior could never do this as easy as Zhang Tie had done it. This was definitely how an adult would beat up a toddler, leaving the latter in no position to fight back.

"Washing, or not?"

Gripping Sharon's hair, Zhang Tie pulled his bloody and dirty face out of his dining plate and asked with an icy expression.

Sharon kept silent, his fierce glare a clear enough answer!

Zhang Tie hit his head onto the dining plate once again, causing another shrill shriek.

"Washing or not?"

Zhang Tie tightened his grip onto Sharon's hair and pulled his face out of the plate again.

Sharon looked a bit scared as he sensed something calm, emotionless coming from Zhang Tie's voice.

But he didn't answer. And thus, his head was brought into close contact with the dining plate for the third time.

"Washing or not?" Zhang Tie's voice was heard once again. Before Sharlon uttered a voice, Zhang Tie had ferociously crashed his head onto the plate for the fourth time...

　　...

When Zhang Tie smashed Sharon's head for the sixth time, a furious voice finally reverberated through the quiet canteen.

"Zhang Tie, what are you doing?"

Miss Qili appeared behind Zhang Tie, glaring at his 'atrocious behavior'. She couldn't understand how such a soppy youth who had run to the bottom of the tall tower to send black mulberry seeds to his beloved girls last night could turn into a thug in such a short period of time.

"Miss Qili!"

Zhang Tie put down Sharon's head and turned back calmly.

The moment Zhang Tie loosened his grip, Sharon slipped off the dining table and straight to the floor. Seeing the three groaning guys lying on the ground, Miss Qili looked even more infuriated.

"What were you doing here? Why did you beat up your classmates?"

"I wanted them to wash my dining plates for me. They didn't agree, and swore at me, so I beat them up!" Zhang Tie explained straightforwardly.

At his words, Miss Qili frowned, but the other onlookers, including the other members of the Brotherhood, felt that Zhang Tie was really great. This was their first time seeing a person who considered bullying others as reasonable.

Upon noticing the teacher, Zuhair, who had lain on the ground for quite a while, immediately moved towards Miss Qili and complained, "Miss F*...Li, I... want to appeal to the Temporary Supervision Committee..."

The fierce slap had sent Zuhair's three teeth flying along with him before. The moment he opened his mouth, he found that air was leaking in through where his teeth had previously been. It drove him even more furious at Zhang Tie.

At this critical moment, Miss Qili was definitely the savior of Glaze's three lackeys. However, clearly, Zuhair felt happy too early. The moment he moved towards Miss Qili, a bench fell from the sky and hit him straight on the head, forcing out a miserable scream.

Of course, it was a bench thrown by Zhang Tie. When he threw it, he was also stamping onto Sharon's back, producing another shrill shriek.

Seeing Zhang Tie daring to beat up others before her, Miss Qili was driven mad. At the same time, the onlookers' eyes on him widened in amazement.

"You..." Miss Qili couldn't stand it anymore and wanted to stop him. For some reason, each time she saw Zhang Tie, she would feel like losing her temper. "From now on, if you dare to make any more aggressive moves, I'll break your limbs!"

She walked toward him and said in an icy voice, "You leave with me, or I'll force you to come with me."

"Miss Qili, although I respect you very much, sadly, I'm afraid that you cannot force me to do anything!"

"What did you say?" Miss Qili glared at Zhang Tie. "Do you think that you can go rampant in the Wild Wolf Castle?"

"Miss Qili, don't you understand it?" Zhang Tie looked with pity at this woman who was still confused. "Now, the Wild Wolf Castle is following the survival training rules of the Norman Empire instead of the war-time decrees of the Andaman Alliance or Blackhot City's survival training rules.

"From last night, when Blackhot City declared to join the Norman Empire, the game rules have changed. As a traditional monarchical nation which still preserves its slavery, it has laws that are greatly different from those in Blackhot City. As a teacher of the Norman Empire, I think you should know the rules followed by students who attend survival training!"

When Zhang Tie said that, Miss Qili immediately stopped walking forward, casting her sharp eyes onto him...



* * *





Chapter 150




Zhang Tie started to argue with Miss Qili...

"Miss Qili, I didn't mean to challenge your authority. But if you want to interfere with the affair between them and I by punishing me, you would then challenge the authority of the Norman Empire and the barbarous survival training rules that it had persisted with for more than 600 years, as well as its dominion over Blackhot City.

"Since Blackhot City is already the territory of the Norman Empire, of course all the laws and regulations of the Norman Empire are applicable here, including the barbarous survival training rules. Do you know what is the barbarous survival training of the Norman Empire? Do you need me to interpret it for you..."

With her eyes fixed on Zhang Tie, Miss Qili took a deep breath.

Zhang Tie also stared at her straightforwardly. For some reason, Zhang Tie's eyes fell directly onto her undulating breasts. He then forcefully swallowed his saliva and licked his lips.

Seeing Zhang Tie moving his eyes to her breasts, Miss Qili, whose face had turned pale due to irritation, became a bit red. She then cast her glare at Zhang Tie once again. After that, she turned back and left the canteen without saying another word.

Upon turning back, Miss Qili even felt Zhang Tie's blatant eyes fall onto her bottoms, causing a part in her lower body a bit dumb. It was almost like there was a current flowing inside her body, and Miss Qili became a bit flustered...

Eventually, under the gaze of all the onlookers, she clumsily stumbled out of the canteen...

At this moment, all the students in the canteen only had one phrase in their minds: 'barbarous survival training'! Why would Miss Qili leave when she heard this phrase? What was this barbarous survival training of the Norman Empire?

Stepping on Sharon's back, Zhang Tie didn't care about the guy's miserable scream. Instead, he just grabbed one of Sharon's hands and twisted it to his back. After that, he took hold of one finger and said, "Do you know what is the barbarous survival training of the Norman Empire?

"In it, whatever happens, even killing in revenge between students, regardless of casualties, would be allowed. The Norman Empire's laws would never look into who's responsible during the barbarous survival training. Of course, as for the family members of the person killed, any of them have the right to ask for a duel with the killer in the name of revenge for the clan and the kin. More importantly, anyone who has killed a person in the barbarous survival training is forbidden to forfeit such a duel.

"This is the barbarous survival training of the Norman Empire. Based on this rule, even if I kill you three now, I won't face the interrogation of the laws of Blackhot City, but will duel with your family members that come forth. Do you want to have a try?"

Saying this, Zhang Tie tightened his grip on the other's hair.

Sharon started to scream loudly.

"I'm asking you one more time, will you wash the dining plates? If I hear no again, I'll break your fingers one by one here!"

"Washing, or not?"

"I'll wash, I'll wash, I'll wash..."

Howling and crying, Sharon beat against the ground using his free hand.

Zhang Tie then let go Sharon and walked towards Zuhair. Hit by a bench, Zuhair was still groaning on the ground. Seeing Zhang Tie come to Zuhair, all the other animals in the canteen gave way to him willingly.

When everybody thought that Zhang Tie would deal with Zuhair using the same method he did to Sharon, they saw him squat in front of Zuhair and grab his head with his hands: one above, one below. Seeing his actions, everybody turned pale, including the other members of the Brotherhood.

"I've been to the mountain cave where you killed the den of the female wolves and their cubs. I also found the rags of the towel that I lost at school. Everybody said you're the most poisonous snake beside Glaze.

"When I was attacked by the seven wild wolves, I was almost killed. That plot was definitely conceived in you head.

"First, you stole my old towel. Second, you found a wolf den. When the male wolves went out to hunt, you hid your body odor and killed all the female wolves and cubs inside the den. Third, you threw one of my towel rags into the wolf den, leaving my smell there. Fourth, you used other towel rags as landmarks to lure the male wolves onto the path which I used to take when coming back after mining to take revenge on me. Am I right?

"But I am still alive, it's your turn to die now..."

Hearing Zhang Tie's words, Zuhair's face twisted. He wanted to argue with him, however, Zhang Tie didn't even give him a chance to explain. Then, under the gazes of over 1000 people, he increased his strength and broke Zuhair's neck like breaking a cucumber, causing the head to turn upwards after moving half a circle with a sound of 'Ka cha'.

"These f*cking laws of the Norman Empire are really adorable. If there is a resentment, you just go and kill the other; no need to go through any tedious procedures!"

After putting down the head of the dead Zuhair to the ground, Zhang Tie then walked towards Garner.

The sight of him killing Zuhair had left Garner dumbfounded. Before Zhang Tie could even draw close to him, he had already collapsed inwardly. He burst out crying.

"Don't come here, I'll tell you... I'll tell you everything... since you stirred up Glaze at school, he was irritated by you. He wanted to get back at you. It was Zuhair and Glaze who wanted to kill you. It was Zuhair's idea! It was Zuhair's idea! Because Glaze wanted to kill you, he set the wild wolves on you. It really had nothing to do with me. At the beginning, I even didn't agree with them as I felt it went too far. However, Glaze threatened me by pinching my neck... wooh wooh... mom, I want mom..."

Having lost it, Garner poured out everything. Such a scene made everybody else quiet down. They then became irritated after hearing Garner pour out how they've stolen Zhang Tie's towel, found a wolf den, and set the plan to let the wild wolves kill Zhang Tie in motion. They had set such a meticulous plan to kill their own classmate just because he had refused to be bullied and made them lose face in public. This kind of an evil deed surpassed everybody's tolerance.

"Kill them, kill them!" all the onlookers shouted out loudly.

Their voices could be heard in the entire Wild Wolf Castle. Hearing such a loud noise, the teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee also came over. Seven or eight of them arrived including Captain Kerlin and Mr. Zerom. After figuring out what was happening, the teachers also fixed their eyes on Zhang Tie without saying anything. The moment Captain Kerlin wanted to move forward, he was pulled back by Zerom. He slightly shook his head when meeting eyes with Captain Kerlin, then narrowed them to observe Zhang Tie.

At this time, under the groundbreaking calls of "Kill them, kill them...", all the onlookers fixed their eyes on Zhang Tie.

Gazing at Garner who was now a crying a mess and Sharon who was scared into dumb shock, Zhang Tie slightly raised his hands. Seeing his hand gesture, the surrounding calls died down in a bit.

Zhang Tie walked to stand before Garner. Facing his quivering body, Zhang Tie pulled out a piece of paper and threw it onto Garner's hand. "Clean your tears first. If you promise me one thing today, I won't kill you!"

Crying so heavily that tears and nasal mucus flowed down his face together, Garner took Zhang Tie's paper and hurriedly wiped it. "What's that?"

"Can you promise me, even if only for your mom's sake, that you won't continue doing bad things? Can you promise me to be a good man from now on? Can you do that?"

"Yes, I can, I promise you..."

Seeing a chance to survive, Garner almost burst into laughter instead of tears. He hurriedly nodded.

"Fine, then let's call it an end. As long as you don't find me trouble, I will not find you trouble from now on!"

"Yes, yes! I promise to be a good man!"

Zhang Tie then nodded and stood up. He then walked to Sharon, who was already as weak as a sand worm. If there was a crack on the ground, he wouldn't hesitate for a heartbeat before going into it.

"Sharon!"

Hearing Zhang Tie calling his name, Sharon, for the first time, felt that his voice was terrifying, and he started to quiver all over. Glaze was terrifying; however, no matter how terrifying he was, Sharon still didn't feel that he could match Zhang Tie. He simply couldn't understand how this classmate of theirs could be this horrifying.

"Are you still going to kill me?"

"No... no, I was wrong. I dare not do that again..."

Sharon almost burst out into tears. It would be a nightmare to go against Zhang Tie as this guy was even more terrifying than Glaze.

Zhang Tie carefully looked into Sharon's eyes. "I don't want to kill anyone else today as I don't want my hands to be drenched in my classmates' fresh blood. So you've got good luck. I won't kill you! Do you remember which classmates you've bullied at school by letting them wash your dining plates..."

Sharon raised his head and stared at Zhang Tie, not knowing why he would ask this.

"From today on, until the end of the survival training, your task is to wash dining plates. You should wash all the dining plates in this canteen. Will you do that?"

"I will, I will..."

After peering at the dead Zuhair, Sharon hurriedly nodded. Compared to having his neck broken, washing dining plates was really not a severe punishment at all.

When the confrontation in the canteen finally came to an end, Zhang Tie found that wherever he walked in the castle, he would always receive many gazes filled with admiration.

He had killed Zuhair, gaining the reverence of many students. Glaze was dead, and Zhang Tie had almost died himself. As for Zuhair, who always played the role of a poisonous snake setting up vicious plots, why would he be alive? Therefore, Zuhair had to die.

Letting go of Garner was to express Zhang Tie's mercy. Among the three lackeys of Glaze, Garner's reputation was not that bad. He at most had the role of banging the drum for Glaze while standing behind him. When he cried mom, Zhang Tie was especially moved. So he let Garner go since he didn't want to be regarded as a butcher in the eyes of teachers and students.

In contrast, he punished Sharon as he didn't want to kill any one else in public. Another reason was that if he treated Sharon and Garner in different ways, it would draw a line between them, and the two would never gather together like before to set any plots. After Glaze and Zuhair were dead, if there was a misunderstanding between Sharon and Garner due to different treatments, if Sharon was put on the opposite side of all the other students attending this survival training, he would definitely become a stray dog. And if he ever dared to bite Zhang Tie alone, the latter would have hundreds of methods to play him to death.

As Glaze had a great dad and Zuhair had an elder brother who was already a LV 4 warrior, after the survival training ended and they all returned to Blackhot City, Zhang Tie would definitely face unavoidable duels.

This was the road he had chosen. Now that he had made the decision, he had to walk on it bravely.

Although everything in Blackhot City had changed, a notice came from it to the Wild Wolf Castle

saying that the survival training here would continue...

On the next morning, Zhang Tie left the Wild Wolf Castle once again...

Under the admiration filled gazes of the animals of the Brotherhood, Pandora, Alice, and Beverly hugged Zhang Tie and kissed him one by one, letting him enjoy the enchanting taste of several golden fishes once again.

When kissing the three girls, Zhang Tie thought about Miss Qili's undulating breasts and the weird feeling when her bottoms slightly quivered under her skirt. That was how a mature woman felt, completely different from girls.

"When we return to Blackhot City, come to my home, I'll leave you full!" Beverly mumbled in Zhang Tie's ear, forcefully pinching that thing as hard as iron below, and slightly licking his ear after.

"Watch yourself!" Alice also confided in Zhang Tie's other ear.

Pandora then twisted her waist to show her protest. Pushing away Alice's roaming hands, she tightly embraced Zhang Tie with her hot face on Zhang Tie's chest. "I'll wait for your return!"

If he kept staying with these three girls, Zhang Tie really feared that he would soon be unable to stand it and would just f*ck them right here. So with a wolf-like howl, Zhang Tie strode away and left the Wild Wolf Castle...

This time, Zhang Tie decided that he wouldn't come back until breaking through LV 4 by eating enough Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruits.

In a room in the Wild Wolf Castle, Zerom and Captain Kerlin were standing before a window with their eyes on Zhang Tie, who was leaving the castle again. He had just come back yesterday and was now leaving once more. Only after one day, everything seemed to have changed in Blackhot City. Same as Zhang Tie's impression on them.

"Kerlin, I feel that Zhang Tie might become a person that you and me cannot even imagine now!"

The one-eyed man had not yet recovered his composure from how Zhang Tie was accosted by the three beauties at the same time. Thinking back to how he himself pursued Miss Daina, he even started to be a bit jealous . Hearing Zerom's praise for Zhang Tie, the one-eyed man rebutted, "How so?"

"For how this guy was accosted by the beauties, he would never be unknown in the future..."

Hearing Zerom's words, Captain Kerlin realized that he could not even find an excuse to rebut any more...

"That guy ran so fast..." Zerom murmured after seeing Zhan Tie's swiftly disappearing back.



* * *





Chapter 151




At dusk, Blackhot City was both the same and different than before.

Zhang Tie stood among others returning from the survival training before the gates to Blackhot City, through which he had left two months ago. With his eyes narrowed, he started glanced over the city. The walls were still tall and firm while the powerful city-defense machinery and equipment were still grand and magnificent under the light of the sun. Everything seemed to not have changed; yet everything had changed.

The seventeen-star flag of the Andaman Alliance, representing its authority by hanging on top of a high wall, was replaced by a scarlet-dragon flag that represented the ruling authority of the Norman Empire.

Flying in the heavy wind, that scarlet-dragon flag brought a solemn atmosphere to the entire city.

That dragon was a holy animal of the Chinese clan. It was said that after the founding emperor of the Norman Empire returned from his travels to the East, he raised this flag and punched down the territory of the Norman Empire using his own fists. Therefore, this scarlet-dragon flag with rich eastern features became the symbol of the imperial household, even the Norman Empire as a whole.

What was known by all the people in the entire Blackson Human Clan Corridor was that until now the imperial household of the Norman Empire was still closely related to the mysterious and powerful eastern continent as it had already mixed blood with the eastern Chinese clan.

Thinking back to how the animals in the survival training, including Zhang Tie himself, were worried about a war breaking out between the Andaman Alliance, Norman Empire, and Sun Dynasty, he mocked himself inwardly. When they left Blackhot City, who could have imagined that two months later upon their return they would have already become citizens of an imperial nation, the Norman Empire.

In the past month, under the 'lightning attack' of the armies of the Norman Empire and Sun Dynasty, the Andaman Alliance, which had existed for over one century, was about to die in the span of five days. It was cut into half like a piece of meat, and then was engulfed by the Norman Empire and Sun Dynasty.

As for the seventeen cities that had formed the Andaman Alliance, the Norman Empire had gained eight and a large territory in the north, while Sun Dynasty had also gained eight and a large territory in the south. With the exception of the City of Machine Kalur, all the cities of the Andaman Alliance had been occupied by the two powers.

The southern cities were more prosperous with more advanced commerce. The Andaman City, which was previously the capital of the Andaman Alliance, was also in the south. In contrast, the northern cities like Blackhot City, had abundant resource reserves and advanced manufacturing industry.

Based on the results, the Norman Empire and Sun Dynasty's move was more akin to robbery than a war. As early as before the move, they had already decided on how to share their booty.

Compared to when they left the Blackhot City, when the animals came back, they were all obviously much quieter, mostly because they became uncertain and lost about their future. Unless deciding to leave Blackhot City, everybody had to swear to be loyal to the supreme emperor. This made the animals perplexed since they were used to being ruled by businessmen and factory and mine owners from birth.

Zhang Tie was not as shocked as others about this change. Perhaps others didn't have this feel, but the moment he saw the scarlet-dragon flag that represented the authority of the Norman Empire, he had already accepted the new rulers of Blackhot City inwardly. Since dragon was the totem of the Chinese clan, with dragon as the national symbol, of course the Norman Empire could obtain Zhang Tie's consent.

In the Norman Empire, the proportion of Chinese people was also much higher than in the Andaman Alliance and Blackhot City. It was said that almost 1/20 of more than 200 million population of the Norman Empire were Chinese.

At this time, the standing posts at the entrance of the city gate were manned not by the City Guard of Blackhot City but the soldiers of the Norman Empire. These soldiers were taller, stronger, and looked more stubborn compared to their predecessors. Many people's armors were even with slash marks of daggers and swords. After comparing them with the City Guardof Blackhot City, even Zhang Tie had to admit that these soldiers of the Norman Empire looked even more dauntless and aggressive.

Perhaps this explained how different it was between the army ruled by businessmen and the army ruled by an emperor. People could clearly sense that solemn atmosphere of the imperial nation through the comparison between the two armies.

Without any obstacles, the students who had attended the survival training entered Blackhot City. However, the moment they entered, many girls burst out with exclamations as a row of high gibbets were erected in a place not far away from the city gate. A row of bodies hung from those gibbets, flying in the air like cloth puppets.

In taking over Blackhot City, the Norman Empire hadn't killed anyone. However, after gaining control, it started to kill people who preyed upon others, fattening themselves, or were ambitious, ready to take chances at gaining power in the new situation. After the Norman Empire's army entered the city and took over the ruling power of Blackhot City, the latter had their heads chopped off or were hung on the gibbets not far away from the city gates as examples.

With long swords and the fresh blood of insurgents, the Norman Empire's army taught everybody in Blackhot City a lesson of being under the rule of the Norman Emperor: 'Be docile!'

The streets in Blackhot City looked a bit sluggish. Fewer walkers and vehicles could be seen on streets. Many stores had not opened their business yet. Patrolling soldiers could be seen everywhere on the streets. Some tanks and armored vehicles of the Norman Empire's Iron-Horn Army were parked at several junctions.

In sharp contrast to the sluggish scene, in front of the doors and windows of each household, red flags could be seen flying in the air, including the scarlet-dragon flag and Iron-Horn Army's military flag. At the first sight of them, you would know that they were made by the commoners themselves. Even slogans that could rarely be seen before had appeared over the streets which would make young people's faces turn red: ‘We Welcome the Norman Empire's Army in the City', 'Congratulations to Blackhot City Becoming a LV 4 City of Brunswick Under the Administration of the Norman Empire', ’Long Live Norman Empire', and 'Long Live Iron-Horn Army'.

Without being told how to, after the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation's surrender of the city, the residents had quickly learned how to please their new urban ruler.

At this moment, Blackhot City had become strange to everybody.

After entering, the teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee chose a route most convenient for sending all the girls back home; girls from two female middles schools all lived in the neighboring two blocks. As for boys, although they were tired after walking for an entire day and craved to go back to their own homes, in order to send back all the girls safely, they instantly agreed to change the route.

It seemed that the discipline in the Norman Empire's army was strict. At least none of the soldiers whistled at the girls. However, nobody wanted to imagine what would happen if the girls were going back home alone.

On the way, the girls were constantly leaving the large group when they came close to their homes and trotted over. At the same time, parents were standing in front of their house door's for a long time now, waiting for their children to come back.

Although having not seen each other only for two months, many students burst into tears together with their parents...

From the morning till now, Zhang Tie had carried the three girls' luggage along with his own the whole walk of almost 60 km. Although many students were exhausted by this point, Zhang Tie was still highly spirited and felt no tiredness at all.

He was not the same boy that had left Blackhot City.

When Alice, Beverly, and Pandora arrived at their homes one by one, Zhang Tie gave them back their luggage while making sure to remember their addresses.

"You have to come here for me!" Alice said to Zhang Tie in her farewell.

"I'll be waiting for you at home! My mom will definitely like you!" Beverly said to Zhang Tie in her farewell.

"I seem... to have grown up a bit..." Pandora said to Zhang Tie in her farewell.

He almost wanted to howl towards the sky...

When the last girl returned home, all the remaining animals immediately scattered towards their own homes.

After agreeing with Barley and other members of the Brotherhood on the next meeting time, Zhang Tie ran back to his own place.

Seeing Zhang Tie darting so fast even now, Barley's and the other members's of the Brotherhood eyes almost popped out.

"F*ck, is he a human or not? Zhang Tie is definitely a human-like magic beast!" Hista exclaimed with only one breath left in his lungs.

"That guy really treasures his women. He carried their luggage for the entire day. The three women's luggage plus his own would weigh over 100 kg, and he carried such a heavy load throughout the whole day. And he can still run. Am I dreaming?"

Leit also became dumbfounded when he saw Zhang Tie disappear in the corner of the street.

Zhang Tie was really not tired. In case of being too terrifying and bringing trouble to himself, he couldn't dash at his fastest speed back home no matter how much he wanted to do so. Thus, he controlled his speed to be almost the same as his sprinting speed at school.

Only after five or six minutes, he had already passed by several streets and caught sight of his home.

At the sight of his parents' shadows standing on the roadside waiting for him, Zhang Tie was moved and almost broke down.

When he noticed the happy smiles on their faces, his tense heart finally eased off. Thankfully, nothing had happened to his family members.

"Mom, dad, I'm back!" Zhang Tie greeted his parents from far away like before. As his parents liked to see his naughtiness, Zhang Tie performed before them.

After reaching home, he kissed his mom first. Then, he directly hugged his dad, lifting him up in the air and twirling for a circle.

"Hurry up, let me off..." Scared by Zhang Tie's move, his dad fiercely flicked his forehead with a finger. "It's not good if we're seen by others."

Zhang Tie then put his dad onto the ground. "Dad, how about that? Have you noticed that I am stronger than before?"

"Ye, it feels true. You really have become much stronger!"

Hearing the question, his dad also noticed the difference.

"I seem to have grown taller too! Look, my clothes had become smaller..."

Zhang Tie stretched his sleeve's end. When he left home, it could reach over his wrist. However, now, it stopped before it. This meant that Zhang Tie had grown 3-4 cm during the past three months.

"Remember, don't lift me in the air in the street anymore!" dad told him solemnly.

"Okay! How about when nobody is around?"

Zhang Tie got one more flick on his forehead...

He was really a bit different from when he left. After three months, his parents thought that he had changed because of the survival training.

When he played jokes with his dad, his mom revealed a happy smile.

"All right, all right, don't play jokes anymore. Come on, go back home and eat dinner!"

"Is my elder brother home?"

"He's making dinner, having been on vacation for a long time. It's unknown when he'll received the notice to go back to work!" his dad answered.

Zhang Tie nodded and thought inside, 'Since the Iron-Horn Army of the Norman Empire entered the city, the City Guard of Blackhot City was ordered to put down their weapons and take a vacation at home. As there is still no notice of when to go back to work, it seems that the disarmament of the City Guard will definitely happen. However, it's nothing serious. It's better to disarm the City Guard. Additionally, my elder brother has almost finished his service term. Now that my elder sister-in-law is pregnant, he should stay to look after her.'

When he walked inside the house together with his parents, Zhang Tie saw two book-sized flags attached to their door: one was a scarlet-dragon flag of the Norman Empire, and the other was the military flag of the Iron-Horn Army. Compared to those flags he'd seen on the way, Zhang Tie found that the two here were much more delicate.

"Mom, did you make these flags?"

"Your elder sister-in-law and I made them together. She's really good at needle work. We even sold some of them!" his mom replied, from which Zhang Tie knew that his mom was very satisfied with his elder sister-in-law. Of course, every mom-in-law would be satisfied with such a woman that was frugal.

When Zhang Tie wanted to praise his mom, he caught sight of a person that should not have been here: Samira.

In a silk hat, Samira looked as spirited as before. He was followed by a squad of armored soldiers of the Iron-Horn Army.

"That's him!" Samira pointed at Zhang Tie and screamed. "This person is the enemy of the Norman Empire, a potential insurrectionist who's hostile to Iron-Horn Army!"

Hearing what Samira said, the squad of soldiers of the Norman Empire all fixed their eyes on Zhang Tie with their hands on sword handles...

What happened really made Zhang Tie's parents' face turn pale!



* * *





Chapter 152




"Samira..."

His eyes fixed on the villain, Zhang Tie was really startled that Samira could jump out at this time. Previously Zhang Tie had set him up as 'a spy of the Norman Empire'. However, he had never imagined that this guy would end up so well off that he would even bring soldiers of the Norman Empire's army to find him trouble at his home.

"Hey hey, you would have never imagined this. To tell the truth, I have to appreciate you..."

Samira glared fiercely at Zhang Tie. He could never forget about what had happened in the Wild Wolf Castle. It was this youth who had used his mouth to beat him into hell.

At that time, Samira thought that he was over. Unexpectedly, after being put behind bars in Blackhot City for a few days, the Norman Empire's army came knocking. By a stroke of luck, Samira had obtained a chance. Before, he was a rat beat up everywhere in Blackhot Ciy; now, he became a good citizen of the Norman Empire.

"You must have made a mistake. How could my son be the enemy of the Norman Empire. He's just a student!" Zhang Tie's mom exclaimed in terror. "Look, we have our flags of the Norman Empire and the Iron-Horn Army before our door..."

After glancing over the flags before Zhang family's door, the soldiers of the Norman Empire looked a bit better.

"Yea, my son has just completed his survival training in his last year at school, so how could he have become an enemy of the Iron-Horn Army?" Zhang Tie's dad also argued loudly, his face turning pale.

In the past few days, the Norman Empire had killed so many people in Blackhot City that everybody else were left terrified. All the insurgents and robbers that went against the Norman Empire's army had become corpses.

Of course, all parents were afraid of their children being involved in these two groups the most: the 'enemy of the Norman Empire' and 'potential insurrectionists who are hostile to the Iron-Horn Army'. Either of them would easily make the children lose their lives.

Seeing his parents becoming anxious, Zhang Tie was pained inside.

"I believe that the Norman Empire's soldiers are greatly different from thugs who only know how to set fires. I also believe that no matter how others frame me, I, as a loyal citizen of the emperor of the Norman Empire, will deserve a fair treatment..." After glancing over the soldiers beside him, Zhang Tie said calmly, "I know you are taking orders, therefore, I don't want to argue with you here. However, before you take me away, please give me some time to talk with my parents. I've just completed the survival training and have not even entered my own home yet!"

Hearing Zhang Tie's words, a guy with the rank of sergeant cast another glance over Zhang Tie, who looked calm at this moment, and his anxious parents before giving a slight nod. "You have only two minutes."

"Thanks!" After saying this, Zhang Tie turned back and faced his parents. "Dad and mom, don't worry about me. I'll be okay. I have three huge wolves' hides in my luggage, which are my gifts for you. One for each of you and my elder sister-in-law..."

"Who dares to bully my younger brother!"

With a loud scream, a shadow rushed out of the room inside.

When Zhang Tie was talking with his parents, his elder brother Zhang Yang ran out the house. Seeing so many people surrounding them through the window, he had immediately grabbed his sword and rushed outside. At the sight of Zhang Yang's move, the soldiers of the Norman Empire also pulled out their long swords in a split second, holding him from moving away from the door. As a result, the present situation abruptly escalated.

Along with Zhang Yang was his wife, whose belly was swollen due to pregnancy. At the sight of the scene in the courtyard, the woman's face immediately turned pale from fear.

Due to the weapons being pulled out, not only those people passing by Zhang house, even the neighbors and onlookers hurriedly scurried away. Samira sneered and silently hid behind the soldiers.

In an informal dress, Zhang Yang rushed out and put his long sword in front of his chest, aiming to protect Zhang Tie and their parents behind him. After that, he glared at those soldiers of the Norman Empire. "What do you want to do here?"

"Elder brother!" Zhang Tie called as he put his hand on Zhang Yang's shoulder. He then forced a smile like this was nothing serious. "Have you noticed that guy with a poisonous snake's head and triangular eyes? He's Samira. We bear grudges against each other.

"Now, he has seized the chance to frame me as the enemy of the Norman Empire. So these soldiers came here by orders of their superior, intending to take me away for an investigation. Don't worry. You know the best what kind of person I am. I'll be okay. Come on, put down your weapon. Look, you almost scared my elder sister-in-law!"

Zhang Tie looked relaxed as he moved his hand down along his elder brother's shoulder. Then he patted Zhang Yang's hand to comfort him before separating his fingers one by one like making pieces of rolled iron straight.

Zhang Yang, as a LV 5 warrior, was really shocked by how Zhang Tie forcefully took his long sword away from his hand, then handed it to the elder sister-in-law, who was standing by the door in fear, a twitchy smile on her lips.

"Elder sister-in-law, bring the weapon away. You, elder brother, and our parents should just go back inside. I'll come back in a couple of days..."

After saying this, Zhang Tie exchanged a serious look with his surprised elder brother, telling him his words through that look that could only be understood by brothers, "I'll be okay, elder sister-in-law and our parents all need your care. It is not the right time for you and me to use force..."

"Fine..."

After glancing over his family members and the surrounding soldiers of the Norman Empire, Zhang Yang gritted his teeth and gave a forced nod.

"Dad and mom, trust me, I'll be okay. I'll be back in a few days..." After comforting his dad and mom, Zhang Tie turned back to the soldiers and said, "We can go now!"

Zhang Tie was not concerned about his safety at all as he had his own trump card. He believed that if he used that card, even if the soldiers of the Iron-Horn Army wouldn't know how to deal with him.

This time, Samira had really driven Zhang Tie mad...

Pleased with himself, Samira followed Zhang Tie and the soldiers of the Norman Empire. He looked at the youth in a commanding and gloating sneer, 'Brat, I'll let you know the outcome of going against me.'

Zhang Tie didn't care about Samira at all. Instead, he just shared the whole story about how the enmity between him and Samira came to be in the Wild Wolf Castle.

At the beginning, Samira was complacent; however, by the end, his face was becoming increasingly worse. In contrast, at the beginning, the soldiers of the Norman Empire didn't care about him at all and looked solemn, but by the end, some of them had been deeply attracted by the plot.

A youth revealed Samira's conspiracy to cheat his classmates to go to the Crescent Prairie at the risk of their own lives. Framed by the bodyguards of Samira's Business Group, the youth used the darkness in the mining tunnel and escaped at a critical moment.

Going against the bodyguards of Samira's Business Group. Being interrogated in the court and righting the blame put on him.

Finally, a miraculous reversal. Samira was accused of being a spy of the Norman Empire and sent behind bars.

Although it was a short story, after being described in an emotional way, it became pretty attractive; especially the part where he argued with Samira in the court. The story even had a happy end. Anyone who heard it would be intrigued by it.

"Don't believe in his nonsense, that brat is full of bullsh*t. He's just an insidious, poisonous snake and the enemy of the Norman Empire. When he was at school, he was extremely hostile to the Norman Empire. He's now become a terrorist!" Samira shouted loudly, jumping up in the air behind them.

"Everybody could identify who's more like a poisonous snake. There are more than 20 teachers and thousands of students from the four schools who could be my witness. The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Blackhot City should have also preserved the detailed investigation result about this event. It cannot be changed by just moving your mouth," Zhang Tie replied calmly.

"Since this person went to the Military Administration to report you, it is the organization that wants to interrogate you. As Blackhot City is still under military administration, the guilty are interrogated by the criminal court of the Iron-Horn Army. You will be brought there as well. Just remember you have the right to defend yourself. And we're just following the orders of our superior."

After hearing Zhang Tie's story, the squad leader who was quiet the whole way opened his mouth and broke the rules to tell Zhang Tie why they had come to take him away. Because of the story, most of the soldiers turned more sympathetic and appreciative towards Zhang Tie instead of Samira. At the same time, they loosened their alertness and showed their contempt to Samira by ignoring him.

However, they were ordered to catch Zhang Tie; no matter what they thought, they had no choice but to follow the order.

After knowing how Samira had set him up, Zhang Tie started to plan inside.

Right now, he feared most that Samira had someone backing him. But Samira had appealed to the Military Administration of the Norman Empire, which at least indicated that he didn't have a strong backing. Not in the affair to set Zhang Tie up, anyway. Since if he had it, he would not have gone through all of these procedures, instead, just greeted his backer.

This time, Samira planned to kill him using the hands of others. Son of a b*tch!

Soon after Zhang Tie was taken away, his elder brother Zhang Yang had hurriedly put on his formal clothes and went to find help: of course, he had his own friends and acquaintances.

In a short while, Zhang Yang had learned about what had happened between Zhang Tie and Samira, and learned the status of Samira: a LV 3 material supplier of the Military Administration of Blackhot City.

After Blackhot City was 'liberated', Samira was set free. With the fault of being 'a spy of the Norman Empire', he used his talent in socialising and obtained the trust of the Military Administration. Later, he won a license of a LV 3 material supplier and slowly expanded his popularity.

Hearing that Zhang Tie was escorted away by soldiers of the Norman Empire, Zhang Yang's friend immediately turned pale. "Well, sh*t. I understand what that guy called Samira is planning to do. He doesn't want for Zhang Tie to be interrogated in the criminal court at all; instead, he just wants to put him behind bars..."

"What?"

Zhang Yang also became tense.

"Now, the prison of Blackhot City is brimming with people. There are all sorts of murderers and major criminal offenders in there. If a 15-old youth put inside such a cell..."

Zhang Yang's friend stopped talking.

Hearing his friend's explanation, Zhang Yang's face also turned pale. He also knew how dark the prison was. And right now, it was definitely the darkest one in the past dozens of years. All the rapists, murders, major criminal offenders, and a batch of criminals awaiting death penalty that had been caught by the Norman Empire's army were put together.

Casualties happened everyday in the prison of Blackhot City these days. The Military Administration of the Norman Empire would never care about what the criminals did inside. If a chubby boy like Zhang Tie was put inside with those...

Zhang Yang almost passed out from the image in his head.



* * *





Chapter 153




The prison of Blackhot City was located outside the city. The prison's high walls were of course not used to protect those criminals. The prison was close to the west city gate, and was also within the coverage of the city-defense weapons.

Samira seemed to require more reassurance as he kept following Zhang Tie and the squad of soldiers past the west city gate. After seeing the soldiers complete the hand-over procedures with the prison guards at the entrance, he then let out a sigh and sneered.

Before arriving, Zhang Tie was led as he was, however, after the completion of the hand-over procedures, he was forced to put on handcuffs and anklets.

The icy anklets kept making the sound of 'Huala huala' while being drawn through the ground when Zhang Tie moved. Besides that, Zhang Tie's anklets were uncomfortable. He had roughly 20 kgs' load due to the anklets and handcuffs.

The prison of Blackhot City didn't seem to have changed a lot due to the end of the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation's rule. Zhang Tie thought so since he found the guards wearing their old uniforms.

"How long will I stay here?" Zhang Tie asked the sergeant who'd brought him here.

"Three days. When the cases before you are dealt with, the Military Administration of the Norman Empire will arrange the Criminal Court to bring light to your case!" the sergeant gave a patient reply.

After that, Zhang Tie was pushed into the tall wall of the prison of Blackhot City. He turned back to see Samira sneering at him, from which he understood the man's delight in seeing his revenge plot succeed.

The interrogation would start in three days. Why would Samira reveal such a smirk right now? Zhang Tie couldn't find the reason for it, so he calmed his heart and put it away.



"What's up with him?"

Entering through the iron gate of the gloomy and lofty wall, Zhang Tie saw a 40-old man in a dark red military uniform of the Norman Empire; he was the one asking the question. He wore the rank of a captain and stood on the stairs of a tower building near the iron gate. Although guards in the prison didn't change, one more military officer from the Norman Empire's military was dispatched here. That man was the real head of the entire prison.

"This guy was accused of being hostile to the Norman Empire. He's a potential security risk. The criminal court of the Military Administration is predicted to deal with his case in three days!"

Explaining this, one of the guards that escorted Zhang Tie in handed over a document to this man in a very pious way.

"He's accused of being hostile to the great Norman Empire? Is he a hot-blooded youth that still has a good memories about the Andaman Alliance's rule?" With these words, that middle-aged man glanced over Zhang Tie while revealing a shadow of a grin in the corner of his mouth. He then calmly ordered, "Take him to the largest room on Floor 3, put him together with the murderers!"

"Yes, sir!"

The paths inside the prison were maze-like. On both sides of the 2-m wide path was a tall wall higher than 10 m, on the top of which was a wire net. The lofty tower buildings and watch towers were connected with the tall walls. Like small fortresses, these buildings tightly surrounded the prison.

Since the entire prison was in the leeward area of the industrial area of Blackhot City, Zhang Tie could smell coal ash with each breath. Nobody was doing exercises in the prison as no place was set for them to move about freely. The entire prison felt chilly, like a piece of stone that had been thrown here and weathered for dozens of years.

After walking for less than 100 m inside, Zhang Tie had passed three iron gates. Each one was guarded by soldiers. After passing them, Zhang Tie would always feel the place get darker and becoming harder to breathe in due to the increasingly dingier smell.

As Zhang Tie moved forward, the friction between his anklets and the chilly cement ground caused the sound of 'Huala huala' to reverberate through the maze-like aisles.

Not until Zhang Tie was pushed into the underground paths that could barely be seen clearly without the help of the gas lamps on the walls did he realize that 'floor 3' was not above the ground, but below.

"What's the crime of this brat?" asked a 60-odd year man with completely gray hair guarding an iron gate. He stood up to open the gates with his key and wondered about Zhang Tie's circumstances when he saw him being pushed in

"He was accused of being hostile to the Norman Empire. He's a potential saboteur. Captain Eugen ordered to put him in the club on floor 3."

Hearing the words, that old man didn't say anything but gave Zhang Tie a sympathetic look as he opened the iron gate. After Zhang Tie was pushed in, the old man drew a cross in front of his own chest.

Zhang Tie walked for a long time in the underground path. After passing three more iron gates and an 's-shaped' downward route, he was finally pushed into the underground floor 3.

He walked the underground path with no natural light, and the sound produced by his anklets grew louder. The stink here could almost make people breathless. Beside Zhang Tie was a narrow cell. Hearing the sound of the anklets, all the prisoners inside the cell moved closer to the bars to have a look at the newcomer.

The prisoners in the cell were more like monsters than humans. They all wore shabby clothes and looked dirty while also being extremely smelly. With their eyes wide open like wolves', they stretched out their thin hands through the iron bars, trying to scratch Zhang Tie.

His arrival had made the place bustle with activity.

"Give him to me... give him to me..." Someone started to crazily rock the iron bars with his hands. "I will promise you anything if you want. Give the brat to me..."

"Give him to me..."

"Give him to me..."

"Give him to me..."

"Just one day, give this savory brat to me, just one day..."

Many prisoners stretched out their hands, trying to grab Zhang Tie. With eyes like those of hungry wolves fixed on Zhang Tie, the prisoners drooled while swearing. Some even growled like wild beasts, making Zhang Tie's face twist.

There were no humans locked here; instead, there were mad animals with pus flowing out, or at least that's how Zhang Tie felt about this place. By now, he had faintly realized Samira's plot: Samira truly wanted to kill him with others' hands. The hands that Samira wanted to use were not those of the criminal court of the Norman Empire, but the damn prison's. Samira seemed to have predicted the outcome of sending him here, which cell he would end up in.

Bored by the prisoners, the guards pulled out thin iron sticks from their waists and started to fiercely slash onto the hands stretching out through the iron bars.

"This brat is going to be sent to the club. You want to go with him?" a guard exclaimed as he slashed at the hands.

After what the guard said, the cell quickly regained its previous calm; it was weird. At the same time, the hands were also pulled back.

The long underground path was over 100 m. At the end of the path was a cell. The guards stopped before its entrance, ordering Zhang Tie to stand still so they could open his anklets and handcuffs.

"Brat, don't blame us. We just follow the orders. If you want to blame someone, just blame the one who set you up to end up here!" One of guards sighed when he opened Zhang Tie's anklets. "My son is also as old as you!"

With a calm expression, Zhang Tie replied as if he knew that he would be killed inside. "What if someone dies in there?"

"Those locked here are the worst of the worst. No matter how many people would die on floor 3, nobody would care!" A guard seemed to want to warn Zhang Tie. "Brat, if you can leave here alive, from then on, you might be able to go sideways in Blackhot City!"

"I'm not a crab to prefer going sideways..." Zhang Tie moved his limbs as he said.

When Zhang Tie spoke, the guard had already opened the iron gate, allowing him to walk in. There was a second iron gate behind it; it seemed that this cell had stricter security measures. The switch of the second iron gate was set outside the first iron gate. It seemed that this cell called 'club' was dangerous enough that even the guards did not like to draw too close to it.

After Zhang Tie walked through the first iron gate, the guards closed it before opening the second gate.

"You'd better go inside by yourself. If you don't do so in half a minute by yourself, those people inside the cell will force you in. If that happens, you'll be even more miserable!" A guard standing outside the second gate warned Zhang Tie.

Zhang Tie walked inside with a calm expression. This cell was much larger than the other cells outside. It was at least as large as two classrooms at school. Over 20 people were scattered inside, sitting or lying.

After passing through the first iron gate, but before entering through the second one, Zhang Tie took note of the situation inside the cell. Because of his arrival, the calm cell slowly started to reverberate from beast-like heavy breaths.

After Zhang Tie entered through the second iron gate, it was locked by the guards outside. Soon after that, the guards left at an obviously faster pace than they had come.

A gas lamp was on the wall of the aisle between the two gates, which was the the only light source in the cell.

Dark, gloomy, stinky - this was how this big cell called 'club' revealed itself to Zhang Tie.

When the prisoners inside the cell could no longer hear the footsteps of the guards any more, they slowly surrounded Zhang Tie from all corners of the dark cell. With red, twisted faces, they looked like wild wolves that had caught sight of a lamb.



* * *





Chapter 154




From the wild beasts that surrounded Zhang Tie, breathing heavy, one shadow rushed towards him...

Bang!

Another faster shadow grabbed the first man's arm and punched him, sending him flying back through the air.

"That brat is mine..."

The latter shadow was taller and stronger with a feel of tyranny. Behind him was a looming huge black spider, which indicated that this man was already a LV 6 fighter with battle Qi.

The moment this man stood up, all the other shadows that surrounded Zhang Tie stopped moving forward and lost their aggressive stances.

"This brat is mine..." That huge shadow pointed at Zhang Tie, who remained unchanged beside the entrance, and growled like pointing at a piece of food, "This chubby boy is mine, nobody else can steal him away from me!"

"Ma Long, this will not depend on you..." A humpbacked guy sneered with the voice 'Jajajaja' as he slowly walked one step forward. He had scattered hair like a big mouse's and walked trying to keep its shoulders square. "You're truly powerful, but if we attack you together, you won't be our opponent either!"

"Long time no see such an interesting toy..." Another man with an ugly look whose nose seemed have been cut off, leaving two flat bloody holes, walked a step forward. There was another huge black spider behind him. "I really want to smell this brat..."

"This boy is not yours alone, he's ours..." With these words, another person walked out of the crowd, his feet and hands dirty like a wild dog's, while his thirsty eyes fixed on Zhang Tie like a wolf's which had been hungry for several months. At the same time, he licked his lips. "The blood of this kind of young man tastes the best. I don't care how you will play him. But you have to hand him to me before his last breath. If he dies, his blood would be hard to drink..."

"I need five hours..." Ma Long firmly said, giving a concession after thinking for a while.

"The last guy was played by you to death in merely three hours. This young man seems not that strong..."

The other people moved closer to Zhang Tie.

"At most one hour. Additionally, you have to guarantee that this brat is still be alive in that time. You have only one hour!" the humpbacked old man fiercely argued. "If you don't agree, after a while, when the others hold you back, I'll break this brat's neck first so that he can easily die. If that happens, nobody will get to enjoy him!"

It was Zhang Tie's first time to be seen as a piece of meat. While arguing about how to share him, no one even glance at him, most likely seeing him as already dead. Zhang Tie just gazed at these guys with an icy expression and gradually understood what kind of people they were.

Even the worms on rotten corpses of the animals in the Crescent Prairie were cleaner than these guys!

Those put behind the bars of this cell were not qualified to be called humans; instead, they were stinky walking-dead which could breathe in the darkest corners of the cell. They should have long been buried and turned into fertilizer. They should have never been allowed to continue living in this world.

Zhang Tie's eyes over them gradually became icy and emotionless.

Just now, these beasts had already reached an agreement: in the first hour, Zhang Tie belonged to that guy called Ma Long, who had to ensure that Zhang Tie would still be alive at the end of the first hour, and major organs should not be damaged. Once that hour would be over, the other guys decided on who had the right to use Zhang Tie, as well as to whom belonged each of his organs, even his blood as precisely as each second before he was tortured to death.

After Zhang Tie was shared, besides Ma Long, all the others stood back to 7-8 m away from Zhang Tie and formed a circle of glittering eyes on him. At the same time, they forcefully swallowed their saliva, gasping from excitement. They prepared to watch Ma Long's performance for the next hour. This was a program that they had negotiated to spice up their daily lives.

Ma Long was taller than 2 m. His developed muscles all over his body made him look like a small mountain. Being nude like all the other people in this cell, Ma Long just strode towards Zhang Tie. This length of time was aplenty for Zhang Tie to see that Ma Long had been castrated and was not a man any more...

"Heh heh, what have you seen? Are you weird out by it?" Seemingly having realized that Zhang Tie had noticed that he was castrated, Ma Long's face twisted abnormally. "That f*cking woman was very beautiful. In order to f*ck her, I killed her man, threw her kid onto the ground to death. After that, I bundled her at her home and f*cked her for one month. One month later, she became docile. There was a time when I took a rest after f*cking her, and she expressed her desire to clean my d*ck using her tongue. I trusted her. She then bit off my p*nis. In revenge, I twisted off her neck and scooped my thing from her mouth. Pitifully, I couldn't reconnect it as she had not only bit off my thing but also chewed it into pieces..."

"So why are you still alive, why didn't they hang you when you were arrested?" Zhang Tie calmly asked.

"They didn't know about it. The women who were f*cked and killed by me were not able to appeal to the court..." Ma Long revealed a weird smirk. "I was put inside because of another case. They just took me as a common major criminal offender. So they let me live by sentencing me to life imprisonment. You know what? When I came here, I found that even if I had no penis, I could still do a lot of interesting things. As long as you're docile, I'll let you survive for a couple more days..."

Saying this, Ma Long stretched out his hand as wide as Zhang Tie's thigh, intending to grab Zhang Tie's head.

Seeing Ma Long being ready to start his performance, all the other walking dead revealed various weird smirks.

There was a sharp difference between the figures of Zhang Tie and Ma Long as the latter would roughly be three times the size of the other.

Zhang Tie then gripped Ma Long's wrists to stop it from moving forward even a bit. Sensing that, Ma Long's face immediately turned pale, and he started to intensify his strength with a shadowy black spider behind him. However, Zhang Tie's hand remained still. Gradually, Ma Long's face started to twist, and sweat begun forming on his forehead...

As Ma Long increased his strength, he also started to trigger his battle Qi. Since he felt no battle Qi on Zhang Tie, he thought that once his battle Qi invaded Zhang Tie's body, the boy's life or death would be at his discretion. However, Ma Long found that the moment his battle Qi reached Zhang Tie's hand, it would immediately evaporate like when rain and fog met magma.

Ma Long's face greatly distorted as he found a hidden strength, instead of battle Qi or transformed strength in Zhang Tie's body. That hidden strength formed into a string in Zhang Tie's hand. Akin to having hit an iron wall, Ma Long's battle Qi could barely enter an inch.

How could there be such a hidden strength...

"How could this be?" Ma Long exclaimed as if having been slashed by a machete.

At the same time, Zhang Tie's hand was also gradually gripping more tightly, increasing its force.

All the onlookers in the cell saw that something was not right. "No way, how could Ma Long be weaker than the brat..."

"Ah..."

Ma Long finally could not stand it anymore and used his another hand to punch at Zhang Tie's head.

"Go die!"

With glittering eyes, Zhang Tie kicked Ma Long's lower body using his right leg before the others punch had reached his head. This kick was rightly named Cannon Leg in Iron-Blood Fist skillbook. It moved upward from Ma Long's crotch. The moment Zhang Tie hit there, his Iron-Blood hidden strength on the foot broke out...

Hit by Zhang Tie's amazing kicking force, the 2-m tall Ma Long was sent flying back like a balloon, with a terrifying sound of breaking bones. His head hit the 3-m high ceiling of the cell, making the sound of 'Kacha'. Spraying fresh blood everywhere, Ma Long fell down to the ground.

After falling, he was as soft as a piece of mud that had no breath of life anymore.

Zhang Tie's kick was really terrifying.

Like having been pinched on their necks, the wild beasts in the cell stopped all the weird voices and gasps in a split second.

Ma Long just died like this? The LV 6 Ma Long had been kicked to death by this youth just like that? Since they all knew Ma Long's real fighting force, the wild beasts were scared and started to move back...

It was hard to say what Zhang Tie was thinking about—he just gazed at Ma Long's dead body before shaking his head.

Zhang Tie then raised his head and glanced over the other beasts in the cell. Was it more frightening to be surrounded by these scumbags than by more than 300 wild wolves?

He walked towards these guys...

"Since Ma Long has died, nobody can hurt you in this cell..." the humpbacked old man said, moving back.

Zhang Tie ignored his words, just walking towards him...

"You can do whatever you want here..."

The humpbacked man continued to move back...

Zhang Tie ignored his words, just walking towards him...

"We can all follow your orders..."

Zhang Tie ignored his words, just walking towards him...

"Go!"

The moment the humpbacked old man shouted, four shadows charged at Zhang Tie, the humpbacked old man's shadowy black spider appearing almost at the same time.

Zhang Tie consecutively punched out four fists in a split second. At the same time, four shadows were sent flying back in the air and fell to the ground. Three of the four did not pick themselves up again, while the humpbacked man was bleeding and staring at Zhang Tie in an astonished kind of way. He felt his guts being broken into pieces by a surging strength.

Before death, he growled, "Hidden strength, how could that be..."

At the same time, a mouthful of blood mixed with his broken guts sprayed out from his mouth, leaving no breath anymore.

A LV 4 warrior could form hidden strength, but not every LV 4 warrior. Even some higher level warriors could not form it. Level represented the number of burning points ignited and how a person's physical potential was tapped.

Hidden strength represented how a person's strength and physical potential tapped chose to act. Although steel and iron could be used to produce weapons, not all the steel and iron was used to for weapons. Many people who owned the materials could not use them to produce weapons. Likewise, people who had formed hidden strength indicated that they had produced their physical potential and strength into cutlery and swords and other fighting tools.

Zhang Tie had already formed hidden strength, which was not the common kind but Iron-Blood hidden strength. Somehow, even if Captain Kerlin had said that less than one out of one hundred people can form hidden strength, on the first day Zhang Tie reached LV 4, he had already sensed this wholly new strength hidden in his body. Of course, he could easily master the Iron-Blood hidden strength.

Zhang Tie had learned that the largest amount of Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruits that could be produced on the small tree was nine.

When the three-month survival training came to an end, Zhang Tie had already become a LV 4 warrior. Besides, he had formed hidden strength of Iron-Blood Fist skill and had the full strength of nine wild wolves in his body.

At this time, the power of the Iron-Blood Fist skill in his hand had also startled Zhang Tie himself. From now on, the imperial battle skill of the Norman Empire started to radiate its brilliance in a wholly new way.

Besides Zhang Tie, nobody knew that he was no longer the same person as three months ago.

"We can all follow your orders!" someone shouted from the back of the cell.

"You parasitic worms in the darkness, you all have to die today!" Zhang Tie's killing intent immediately exploded. "If I let your survive, it'll definitely be the biggest blasphemy to the human clan!"

In the dark cell, more shadows charged at Zhang Tie with weird screams. Using Iron-Blood Fist skill with ease, Zhang Tie punched again and again, the growls of a tiger resounding after his every more...

Two minutes later, the growling punches stopped. The cell regained its peace. After patting his sleeves, Zhang Tie found a semi-clean place beside the iron gate and took a seat. With eyes closed, he started to polish the fourth burning point on his spine...



1,1,2,3...

On the Fibonacci's golden spiral that represented the path of evolution, Zhang Tie had moved four steps forward. He was going to take the fifth step. In the future, each step forward would be many times harder than before. However, Zhang Tie was not afraid. For him, everything was just a matter of time as he had the Castle of Black Iron and that small tree inside...



5,8,13,21,34...

A question flashed across Zhang Tie's mind.

'I wonder what the world after LV 9 is like?'



* * *





Chapter 155




It was the longest evening that Zhang family had ever lived through, even without Zhang Tie's elder brother daring to tell his parents about the dark message he received from outside. The lofty walls of the prison of Blackhot City were definitely like a formidable natural chasm for Zhang Tie's family.

Three days. Zhang Yang had learned that Zhang Tie could not get out of the prison for three days. It was unknown whether he could hold on for such a long time inside. Zhang Yang's last beacon of hope came from the amazing strength Zhang Tie revealed when forcefully taking his sword away from his hand.

Zhang Yang didn't know how Zhang Tie could become so powerful. However, this amazing strength became his sole hope for Zhang Tie's survival. In this age, strength was the real power; a powerful man could survive the prison of Blackhot City.

Early the next morning, before Zhang Yang had left home, his dad gave him a heavy purse. "This is our savings. Take it, to make sure you bring Zhang Tie back home safe!"

Taking the purse, Zhang Yang knew that it contained all of his parents' savings. So he carefully put it in his bag, nodding.

The moment Zhang Yang walked out the door, he saw several soldiers of the Norman Empire in dark red military uniforms. They were looking at Zhang's door plate, seemingly intending to knock at the door.

"Hello, is this Zhang Tie's home?" one of them asked, seeing a man similar to Zhang Tie walk out, .

In a very bad mood at the sight of the 'red-skinned dogs', Zhang Yang became infuriated and shouted loudly, "Wasn't Zhang Tie caught and taken away by you yesterday? What are you here for today?"

"Who dared to catch Zhang Tie?" After hearing Zhang Yang's exclamation, the soldier looked very startled, his expression turning gloomy. "Could you tell me what happened to Zhang Tie? I'm his friend, Salvey..."

"You're Zhang Tie's friend?" Zhang Yang stared at this 'red-skinned dog'... no, the person who claimed to be Zhang Tie's friend and became confused. When had Zhang Tie become acquainted with the soldiers of the Norman Empire?

"Yea, Zhang Tie once saved my life. I knew he would come back home yesterday after the survival training, so, I especially come here today to thank him. Considering the special case when he saved me, I had no chance to thank him at the time!"

At the sight of the soldier of the Norman Empire saying words like that, Zhang Yang immediately became spirited. Seizing Salvey's hand, he explained, "Zhang Tie was arrested, hurry up, go to the Military Administration together with me. If it's too late, he might have already been killed..."

"What happened?"

"Someone framed him, wanting to kill him!"

At Zhang Yang's words, not only Salvey, even all the other surrounding soldiers became irritated. If the savior of a glorious soldier of the Iron-Horn Army was set up in Blackhot City, it was definitely an aggressive maneuver that humiliated the honor of the entire Iron-Horn Army...

"Let's go, we will go to the bastards of the Military Administration!"

It was truly not a good experience being in the dark cell. After only one evening inside, Zhang Tie already felt like he'd lost his nose since he could no longer smell anything. Besides, there really were too many fleas inside the cell, all of which would never care how many wolves' strength you had.

Zhang Tie had managed last night's time very well. Besides polishing his burning points, he had spent the remaining time in the Trouble-Reappearance Fruits. Last night, he had 'died' four times in inside. Each time, he would be besieged by more than 500 wild wolves, over 20 huge wolves, 10-odd human eating varanids, and several lions.

Zhang Tie would always used the Iron-Blood Fist skills to kill them. Each time, he would exert his full hidden strength. However, he couldn't yet kill an enemy with one punch.

Under constant fighting and killing, Zhang Tie's wounds also gradually increased while his strength declined. At the lowest point of his physical strength, he would always be torn to shreds by the remaining wild beasts.

The practice in the Trouble-Reappearance Fruits was both painful and happy. Besides not really dying in the Trouble-reappearance Fruits, all the pains that Zhang Tie experienced in there were the same as the ones he would feel in reality.

He had 'died' four times inside, and each time he felt like suffering from a cruel punishment. He would bear over 100 wounds all over his body before being torn to shreds by the wild beasts. What made Zhang Tie reassured, though, was that after leaving the Trouble-Reappearance scenes, he would not suffer from the pains anymore. They would disperse immediately, like tides and dreams. If not, Zhang Tie wouldn't really be able to brave experiencing the pains time after another.

The happiness of cultivating in the Trouble-Reappearance Fruits could only be understood by people who had experienced it. The several hours in the Trouble-Reappearance scenes last night—many people would have wasted them by having dinner. However, Zhang Tie had experienced the tough challenges that many people might not encounter for their whole lives. Through such challenges, he had rapidly improved himself in all aspects.

In the past days, as Zhang Tie had increased his frequency of cultivation in the Trouble-Reappearance Fruits, he had also found many new features.

For example: an activated Trouble-Reappearance Scene could only last three hours at most. After this time, the energy that supports the entire Trouble-Reappearance Scene would weaken which would lead to the collapse of the entire Trouble-Reappearance Scene. Zhang Tie had found this when he tried to match speed and endurance with the wild wolves.

He activated the Trouble-Reappearance Scene of Crescent Prairie. After that, he dashed away, followed by several hundreds of wild wolves. Zhang Tie kept running for three hours. However, the wild wolves still failed to catch up with him. Then Zhang Tie received a notice before the Trouble-Reappearance Scene broke into light spots and disappeared.

This was the first rule of the Trouble-Reappearance Fruits that Zhang Tie had found. The second thing was that the more living beings he placed in the scenes and the higher level they were, the more spiritual energy he needed to inject into the Trouble-Reappearance Scene to activate it.

Additionally, during the activation, what consumed the largest amount of spiritual energy was not the living beings that needed to be activated, but the scene.

Zhang Tie had tried and found the following facts: when he activated one or two wolves, he could activate the Trouble-Reappearance Fruits 23 times at most. When he activated roughly 50-100 wolves, he could activate the Trouble-Reappearance Fruits for roughly 8-10 times. Like now, when he activated over 500 wolves and other species inside, he could only activate it four times.

The abundant spiritual energy that had surged by seven times felt a bit awkward now.

As sunlights or moonlight could not be seen in the dark cell, what reminded Zhang Tie of the arrival of the next morning was his biological clock.

It was not a good feeling to sleep with a lot of corpses in the same cell. However, Zhang Tie felt that these guys could not even match beasts. He preferred to see the corpses as the bodies of wild wolves, or something even more disgusting.

After waking up, he casually circled around the room before starting to cultivate a kungfu that he had created these days: Bear Back Iron-Body skill. He had created it when he saw a wild bear hitting a big tree using his back so as to pick the fruits that dropped off from the tree.

Since Iron-body Fruit required constant strikes on his body—and he could not serve as a flesh bag in the Iron-Thorns Fighting Club—enlightened by wild bears, Zhang Tie had considered to hit something hard using his back to stimulate Iron-body Fruits to ripening. To tell the truth, this method really worked. With this kungfu, Zhang Tie turned the negative strikes into positive strikes, the latter having a miraculous effect.

Zhang Tie had practiced this kungfu for two weeks, and had stimulated three Iron-body Fruits to becoming ripe. Similar to how his body responded after eating the previous Iron-body Fruits, when he ate the latest ones, he would still have a stomachache and would also excrete some black things.

However, the last two times, Zhang Tie found that the black things were becoming fewer. Besides, a wisp of icy energy from the Iron-body Fruits penetrated through his muscles which felt pretty comfortable.

Zhang Tie now found a plain cement wall that was vertical to the ground. Standing with his back against the wall, he kept his shoulders square and his feet open like the Chinese character ‘八’. He kept his heels roughly 40 cm away from the wall.

Once the preparations were done, he started to lean back and used his back to strike against the wall. After each 'strike', he would stand still and wait for the dust on the wall to fall down to the ground...

Like this, Zhang Tie struck against the wall at 2 second frequency. This resulted in the entire underground floor 3 starting to reverberate with the loud 'bang' 'bang' 'bang' sounds. As Zhang Tie had nine wolves' strengths in his body and the strength as a LV 4 warrior, he was definitely more powerful than a huge bear.

The sound was so surprising that many criminals were woken up. When they found that the origin of the sound was the terrifying 'club' where the brat had been thrown into last day, all the criminals became quiet. If this sound originated from there, it would not be strange, since nobody knew what perverted things were carried out in that cell.

The guards who had sent Zhang Tie in last night came here very early this morning. Usually, they would never come back so early. They did it because of Zhang Tie.

There was an unwritten rule in the prison: it's normal to see dead people in the prison, and nobody would care about that. However, if the people die too miserably—like being torn to pieces—that might bring a lot of trouble to the officers there.

This was a tacit agreement between the prisoners and the prison officers. But since the 'club' in floor 3 was too special—those perverts inside wouldn't even let go of corpses—the guards didn't dare to keep Zhang Tie inside for too long.

After one night's torture, the boy would have been killed for certain. So before his corpse was made too disgusting, which might bring some trouble to the prison officers, they should get it out of the cell and report what had happened last night to the warden.

The moment the guards arrived at the dark floor 3, they heard the terrifying striking sounds that were reverberating from the end of the underground tunnel. It felt like the entire floor 3 was quaking.

The sound came from the 'club'. Hearing it, the guards' face immediately turned pale, and they hurriedly ran towards the end of the tunnel.

When they saw the scene in that 'club', they were all dumbfounded: the youth that should have been a corpse last night was casually striking the wall with his back. After seeing them, that youth halted, stopping the sound, .

"Morning!" he even greeted them.

"You're not dead?" one of the guard's cried out, like having seen a ghost.

"My life's so good, why would I die?" Holding the bars of the iron gate, the youth then added, "Oh, could you please get me out of here first? It doesn't feel good to stay with a pile of corpses..."



* * *





Chapter 156




The criminals in floor 3 were showed a good performance for free this morning: soon after the guards came intending to take away Zhang Tie's corpse, they hurriedly rushed outside, faces pale...

Ten minutes after the guards hurried up to the outside, more people rushed down. This time, not only the guards, even the armored soldiers of the Norman Empire that resided in the prison arrived with long pikes in hands. They all looked pretty solemn. The booming tidy footsteps reverberating through the ground of the tunnel of floor 3 forced all the criminals to not even take a deeper breath. Everybody knew that a big event had happened in that 'club' where the most terrifying and perverted scumbags resided.

The warden who was appointed by the Norman Empire arrived to the floor 3, too. He was a captain of the Norman Empire with a rigid expression. Since taking over this prison, the warden had only been to floor 3 once. When he left here last time, he looked like so disgusted, like having stepped on a pile of bull's sh*t with his expensive crocodile-hide shoes. From then onward, he didn't come here again.

However, today, that warden came here.

Given the flustered guards who had hurriedly rushed upwards just now, the criminals knew something very severe had happened.

All the criminals in floor 3 then kept quiet with their heads stretched in the direction of the 'club'.

Zhang Tie just waited in the cell calmly, listening to the booming footsteps of soldiers, produced by the anti-riot fighting boots. Soon after, he saw a squad of soldiers of the Norman Empire in dark red military uniforms rushing inside, closely followed by the guards and the middle-aged man with the rank of captain of the Norman Empire whom he had met when he entered the prison.

Coming to the front of the iron gate outside the 'club', the captain of the Norman Empire ordered with a cold expression, "Open it!"

"Warden Quin, this person is very dangerous, you don't have to..."

The guards nearby wanted to persuade him not to enter the cell. Unexpectedly, this drove the warden even more infuriated.

"Open it..." The growl made the entire underground tunnel of floor 3 boom. "No soldier of the Norman Empire is afraid of death. This is my prison, my place. Nowhere will I dare not to enter!"

"Yes, sir!"

The guards were really shocked, and their faces turned pale. They hurriedly pulled out of the key to open the iron gate outside the 'club'.

At this time, the warden kept glancing at Zhang Tie while Zhang Tie was also glancing back at him. Zhang Tie looked very calm, instead of being irritable or arrogant.

When the door was opened, the warden entered with his head raised. He stood still before the second iron gate, closely followed by several soldiers who held up lamps for him.

When the lamps crowded in the partition between the two doors, the cell brightened up. Under the lamplight, everybody could see the scene in the 'club', which forced them to take a deep breath. Besides Zhang Tie, the entire cell was covered with corpses fallen in weird ways.

This scene was extremely shocking.

For guards who were familiar with what kind of people were put in here, what they saw was akin to an innocent lamb standing safe among a pile of dead wild wolves. It was really subversive.

When the second iron gate was opened, the warden entered, followed by more soldiers of the Norman Empire. They surrounded Zhang Tie with their weapons aimed at him. At this moment, nobody would care about the air quality anymore.

"What happened here last night?" the warden asked, looking Zhang Tie in the eyes.

"They discussed how to kill me, the process of which sounded very painful and disgraceful. I didn't want to die that way. So when they attacked me, in order to survive, I had to kill them all!"

"You?"

The Warden looked more solemn.

"If you don't believe me, you can also think that they committed a suicide. No matter what, these guys were perverts and lunatics. I don't care about your opinion!" Zhang Tie stretched out his palms and shrugged. "I felt that as a good civilian who follows the laws of the Norman Empire, I don't have to tell a lie to the military officer!"

The Warden didn't speak anymore. Instead, he took a lamp from one soldier's hand and walked closer to Ma Long's corpse. Before him, the Warden squatted down and started to carefully check him.

Zhang Tie had kicked Ma long's crotch, breaking the latter's hipbone and pelvis into pieces. Besides that, Ma Long's head was also crushed into pieces. These wounds could easily be identified. After merely a simple look, the warden had understood how Ma Long was killed last night.

The youth really had an amazing strength. He could kick Ma Long and send him flying in the air, crashing his head into the concrete ceiling of the cell. What great strength would it take for him to complete this?

However, what caught the warden's attention was not the amazing strength but how Ma Long's guts were thrown into disarray by a terrifying hidden strength. There were some weird mulberry and chrysanthemum-like spirals on Ma Long's abdomen.

After taking notice of those spirals, the warden was stunned. He seemed to not believe it as he kept blinking in hopes to see something else when he opened his eyes next time. He even took off his pair of gloves and touched the skin of Ma Long's abdomen to ensure that it was not a tattoo or something else.

His face twisted, the warden picked himself up from the ground and quickly moved to another corpse with the lamp in hand. He took a careful look over the second corpse and found the same mulberry and chrysanthemum-like spirals on the neck, smaller than the ones on Ma Long's abdomen.

On the third corpse, the humpbacked man, the warden found the same weird spirals on the chest.

After that, he didn't continue since his heart was full of fury. Not at Zhang Tie but the Military Administration of the Blackhot City. He was furious at the bastards of the Military Administration for having sent a person who was gazed at and had received a potential favor from the Battle God, forming hidden strength into the prison.

Any person who had gained the attention of the Battle God should not suffer from such a mistreatment. This kind of mistreatment was definitely profaning the glory of the Battle God and challenging the authority of the imperial household of the Norman Empire.

The emperor was also the pope of the Battle God Cult which was the national religion of the Norman Empire and the only belief of its army.

In the Norman Empire, those who could catch the attention of the Battle God should not be tried in the secular courts but in the judging palace of the Battle God Cult of the Norman Empire. Even in war time, judgment on this kind of person could also only be dealt by the judging priests in the judging palace.

In the entire Blackhot City now, there wasn't a single judging priest from the judging palace. There were only five of them in entirety. Of course, they would not casually appear in poor cities like Blackhot City.

The hidden strength of Iron-Blood Fist skill was very ferocious and aggressive so when it hit a person, it could almost force the Qi and blood out in some parts and small areas of their body, leaving such weird mulberry and chrysanthemum-like spirals. This was why it was the symbol of the hidden strength. Those spirals could never be imitated as they formed from inside to outside.

When the Battle God caught sight of someone, he would present the 'bloody chrysanthemum' to that person. This was the doctrine of the Battle God Cult.

Realizing that he had almost made a big mistake, the warden also felt very terrified. Even if Zhang Tie could not threaten him with his current power, his real force represented the deep-rooted traditions and systems of the entire Norman Empire and the Battle God Cult, which was most respected.

Under the amazed gazes of the pile of soldiers and guards, the warden, who was checking the dead bodies, suddenly knelt down and pulled out his emblem of the Battle God on a necklace and kissed it. After that, he put his palms together devoutly and started to mumble.

"Almighty Battle God, please forgive me for my careless mistake. I have thrown a person under your gaze into such a dirty place. The only thing that made me lucky was that your glory had prevented even such a dirty place from being profaned by those dirty bastards--Abhibhavana!"

Although the guards didn't know captain Quin's intention by praying, the moment the soldiers of the Norman Empire heard it, their faces immediately turned pale. At the same time, they all moved one step backs and cast curious eyes to Zhang Tie.

Not until then did Zhang Tie understand that no matter how paramount he had considered the position of the Iron-Blood Fist skill in the Norman Empire, his thoughts were still not great enough.

Captain Kerlin had told him that Iron-Blood Fist was called Battle God's Fist in the army of the Norman Empire and any one who could master it would be powerful and rich, gaining everyone's respect. It seemed that what Captain Kerlin had told him was true.

The warden who had intended to throw Zhang Tie into the pile of perverts and corpse maniacs with an icy expression last night had completely changed his attitude now.

"According to the laws of the Norman Empire, any citizen who can form hidden strength of the Battle God's Fist cannot be judged by the secular courts anymore. So please forgive me for my rudeness yesterday. You are not suitable to stay here anymore.

However, it was the Military Administration of Blackhot City which sent your here. It means that you have committed a severe crime. So I can only hand you over to colonel Leibniz, the supreme commander of Uni-Horn Army in Blackhot City. He will determine your destiny!" the warden Quin explained to Zhang Tie before ordering his soldiers to put away their weapons.

"I warn you, although the Norman Empire grants some privileges to those who have mastered the Battle God's Fist, if you want to escape, I won't mind showing you some bitterness!"

"I am an innocent citizen of the Norman Empire, the first able youth who practiced and embraced the barbarous survival training system of the Norman Empire, ending up set up. Of course I won't escape!" After saying that, Zhang Tie revealed a smile and two rows of glittering white teeth. " Then, can we go out of here now? It really smells bad here!"

Zhang Tie walked onto the tunnel in floor 3 once again. The other criminals on both sides of the tunnel became really dumbfounded as if having seen a ghost as they saw Zhang Tie walk out of the 'club' where he had stayed the night without even losing a hair.

"What had happened? Did those scumbags become innocent or what?"

Several minutes after Zhang Tie had left the underground floor 3, the guards started to take the corpses out of the 'club' using barrows, one after another. Everybody then knew what had happened.

Magic beast Ma Long's corpse was on the barrow...

Crazy dog's corpse was on the barrow...

Humpback's corpse was on the barrow...

Vampire Jack's corpse was on the barrow...

　　...

All the corpses were carried out of the 'club' by a barrow. Thinking of that youth who had not even lost one hair, all the other criminals started to feel chilly.

Undoubtedly, the one who could turn these scumbags into corpses was greater than them. Many had even thought of this youth as a defenseless fatty yesterday. They would have never imagined that he was a human-sized magic beast who could engulf humans without even spitting out their bones...



* * *





Chapter 157




Previously, Zhang Tie had dreamed of sitting in a car numerous times, however, he had never imagined that the first car he sat in would belong to the Norman Empire's Iron-Horn Army.

As the head of the prison of Blackhot City, Captain Quin owned a private car - a 'Mountain Cat' SUV produced by the Norman Empire. Compared to the common steam-driven vehicles in the market, 'Mountain Cat' SUV had a higher chassis, stronger off-road performance, and stronger driving force.

Although also being driven by steam power, military vehicles had better configurations and performances than common civilian vehicles. The steam power units equipped on this 'Mountain Cat' could allow this vehicle to maintain a speed of 80 km/h even in the wild.

Previously, Captain Quin was worried that Zhang Tie would seek a chance to escape or to bring him trouble, however, after entering the SUV, he found that Zhang Tie's whole attention was put on the vehicle to the point of even ignoring him.

As time passed by, the two people in the car got more acquainted with each other. Captain Quin even swore at Zhang Tie 'Blackhot City's being rustic numerous times, gradually loosening his alert.

'How can such a guy be an enemy and a potential insurrectionist?" Captain Quin started to doubt the crime laid at Zhang Tie's feet. 'This guy doesn't look like he's hostile to the Norman Empire.'

Though based on Zhang Tie's age and looks, Captain Quin was really confused as why Battle God would choose him.

'Iron-Blood Hidden Strength! Less than 1 out of 100 elite soldiers of the Iron-Horn Army can form it. How could this rusty Blackhot City form it?'

Captain Quin started to sigh inside as he really couldn't understand it.

Could it be the favor of the Battle God?

Captain Quin was at a loss.

...

Zhang Tie was driven directly to the place where the Headquarters of No. 39 Division under the flagship of the Iron-Horn Army was located in Blackhot City. Two months ago, this place was the general headquarters of the City Guard.

The military residence was strictly defended. There were dozens of various vehicles parked outside. Besides these iron and steel beasts, there were many iron-horn beasts that Zhang Tie had witnessed several week ago in the Crescent Prairie. Of course, the most numerous guardians here were soldiers of the Norman Empire in dark red military uniforms.

Captain Quin parked his vehicle directly outside the entrance of the headquarters' building. He then jumped off and greeted a second lieutenant who was standing next to the building. After exchanging for a short while in quiet voices, the lieutenant cast a glance at Zhang Tie and quickly left. In less than half a minute, that second lieutenant came back together with four tough looking soldiers. After handing Zhang Tie over to them, Captain Quin left.

Soon after, Zhang Tie was escorted by the four tough looking soldiers and the second lieutenant into a cell marked with words Interrogation Room on floor one of a building beside the headquarters.

After closing the iron gate of the Interrogation Room, the four soldiers stood outside, leaving Zhang Tie alone in the cell.

No matter what, the environment here was a hundred times better than in the black cell of that smelly underground floor 3.

The sunlightt came in through a narrow window two meters off the ground. Standing under it, Zhang Tie kept his eyes closed and head raised up. He seemed to be enjoying calmly basking in the warm rays of the sun.

If everything went well, the mixed division of 25 thousand people led by Colonel Leibniz under the flagship of the Norman Empire's Iron-Horn Army would be stationed in Blackhot City. Was that the prelude to the chaotic world that Zerom had mentioned?

Thinking of his parents' terrified expressions when he was taken away yesterday, Zhang Tie felt painful inside once again.

...

When Captain Quin returned to the prison of Blackhot City, he found several new faces, one among which was a bastard of the Military Administration of Blackhot City, while the others were from the Scouts Camp. The bastard from the Military Administration looked embarrassed while the guys from the Scouts Camp looked infuriated.

At the sight of Captain Quin, the newcomers hurriedly saluted him.

'What are they doing in my place?'

Because of Zhang Tie's affair, Captain Quin didn't look good. So he asked without any emotion, "What's up?"

"Sorry to bother you, Captain Quin, yesterday, the Military Administration had someone escort a Chinese youth called Zhang Tie here. There might be a misunderstanding, so we come here to take him away!"

Saying this, the second lieutenant took out the authorization certificate signed by the Military Administration and gave it to Captain Quin.

"Sorry, this person is not in the prison any more!" Captain Quin said without any mood to be bothered anymore.

"What? Is he dead?"

A young soldier of Scouts Camp moved one step forward, almost falling down onto the ground. Talking with a superior at such a short distance was forbidden under normal circumstances. However, this time, looking at this emotional young soldier who even had a wound on his leg, Captain Quin didn't care about his move and asked out of curiosity, "Do you know each other?"

Seemingly having realized his rudeness, Salvey became a bit more clear-minded. "Sir, that youth saved my life several days ago. Because I was carrying out a task at that time, I didn't have a chance to thank him. However, when I visited his home today, I was told he was set up and sent to the prison..." Salvey briefly explained what had happened.

"Is the brat in the headquarter?"

"Yes, he is!"

...

Colonel Leibniz found this story very interesting: a youth who was born and grew up in a remote place like Blackhot City could gain the attention of the Battle God and became close with people in his division. The entire affair was funny. When he went back to Nordinburg, he would definitely use this as a good topic. The noble women in Nordinburg greatly enjoyed listening to these kinds of interesting stories full of legendary events in remote places. Thinking of this, Colonel Leibniz picked himself up from his chair and said, "Let's go for a look!"

Several minutes later, he met Zhang Tie.

In Zhang Tie's eyes, this was a 50-odd year man with a big abdomen, half gray hair, and a mustache, wearing a military uniform.

Colonel Leibniz only asked Zhang Tie one question. "Tell me, how could you ignite three burning points and form the Iron-Blood hidden strength in two months?"

This question was very straightforward. When Zhang Tie was chased down by the wild wolves and jumped into the black hole, he was only a LV 1 warrior. Nobody knew when he had ignited his Shrine burning point. Therefore, the only fact that could be certified was that Zhang Tie had ignited three burning points and improved by three levels in two months.

Knowing that he would face this question sooner or later, Zhang Tie had long prepared his answer.

"When I started the loner's survival training, I had already almost ignited the second burning point. On the fifth day since I started my loners' survival training, it rained heavily in the Wild Wolf Valley. When I hid from the rain, I was struck by a lightning bolt.

"After waking up, I found that I could ignite my burning points faster than before, while also having a greater strength. Besides, I could improve the Iron-Blood Fist that I had been cultivating at much quicker pace!"

Zhang Tie's answer made Colonel Leibniz very satisfied. In his eyes, the only reasonable explanation for Zhang Tie's affair would be related to the series of physical mutations and weird abilities after being struck by a lightning bolt.

This was not rare. In medicine, those guys having weird abilities after being struck by a lightning bolt even had an exclusive appellation - Post-Lightning Stroke Savant Syndrome!

Colonel Leibniz felt that Zhang Tie's reply made the story that he was going to to tell even more interesting. Although a low proportion of people could form Iron-Blood hidden strength, across the entire No. 39 Division, there were still roughly 200 soldiers who had formed it. So it was not that exceptional for Zhang Tie to form Iron-Blood hidden strength.

A LV 4 warrior, even if having experienced something strange and formed Iron-Blood hidden strength, would still not be able to attract the attention of Colonel Leibniz, so the colonel didn't really favor him because he had formed Blood-Iron hidden strength at such a young age. However, in the entire Norman Empire's army, no commander or general would refuse having one more soldier being favored and looked upon by the Battle God.

"Lucky brat, I declare that you have been recruited by the Norman Empire's Iron-Horn Army. According to the laws of the Norman Empire, you've become a member of the No. 39 Division.

"In the Norman Empire's army, all the lucky dogs favored by the Battle God will start their brilliant service career from the rank of second lieutenant. Therefore, you are now the youngest second lieutenant of No. 39 Division..."

Colonel Leibniz felt that he had really come up with a great idea, which could make his story in Nordinburg even more splendid and attractive. Besides, it could make him greater in the eyes of the noblewomen and prevent others from finding faults in him.

After talking to Zhang Tie, he turned his head and ordered his adviser, "You, take him to finish the entry formalities in the afternoon. Send him to the Iron-Blood Camp and find some tough guys for him. Don't let this brat die in his first battle!"

Finished, Colonel Leibniz didn't care about Zhang Tie's dumbfounded look and turned, intending to leave. However, when he arrived at the door, he seemed to have thought of something since he turned back and asked, "Oh, lucky brat, what's your name?"

"Zhang Tie..."

Colonel Leibniz then mumbled his name twice, seemingly intending to remember it.

The colonel went far off in the distance, but Zhang Tie was still stunned. Second lieutenant, he had become a second lieutenant of the Norman Empire...

Cough... Cough...

Upon hearing the coughs of the adviser left by Colonel Leibniz, Zhang Tie recovered his composure.



* * *





Chapter 158




In the next ten minutes, with the guidance of the adviser left by Colonel Leibniz, Zhang Tie took a round of the offices of the Headquarters of No. 39 Division. He also filled out some forms so all the staff in the Headquarter's learned that Colonel Leibniz had recruited a birdie officer today: it was a birdie born and grown in Blackhot City and a lucky dog who was struck by lightning bolts, which resulted in him suffering from Post-Lightning Stroke Savant Syndrome at the age of 15.

Since Blackhot City now belonged to the Norman Empire and Zhang Tie was a citizen of the Norman Empire who was over 15, according to the laws and traditions, Colonel Leibniz had the right to recruit him to the army. Additionally, across the entire Norman Empire, anyone who had formed the Iron-Blood hidden strength would at least gain the rank of second lieutenant if they joined the army. So Zhang Tie became the first birdie soldier that No. 39 Division had recruited in Blackhot City, and the youngest second lieutenant in the entire division.

As was expected, Zhang Tie's affair became a hot topic for military officers in the Headquarter of No. 39 Division. The thing that he had saved a soldier of the Norman Empire was known by all in here, by which alone many had good impressions of him.

In addition, people who knew Colonel Leibniz's temperament and habits assumed that the brat Zhang Tie had become a funny 'toy' to the man. This then could bring the colonel some funny short stories and topics to talk about when he returns, consolidating Colonel Leibniz image of a funny and informed person in the eyes of the noble women in the wine parties and salons held in Nordinburg. Those topics might even bring Colonel Leibniz some good nights. Everything was very simple.

After handling the formalities in the Headquarters, Second Lieutenant Vessie, the adviser of Colonel Leibniz bought a car, stopping it before the gates of the Headquarters' building and inviting Zhang Tie in.

"Where are we going?" Zhang Tie asked.

"The Logistics Department first. After that, I'll take you to the Iron-Blood Camp to register..." adviser Vessie answered.

Zhang Tie then sat in the convertible military SUV before it drove away.

The moment they drove outside the gates, Zhang Tie caught sight of several familiar faces out the window.

"Stop!" he hurriedly exclaimed.

With a sound of 'Zhi...", adviser Vessie parked the car.

"I'm sorry, I just saw some friends and my elder brother. They might still be worried about me and are waiting for me outside the gates of the Headquarters. I'll go greet them and tell them what is going on!"

While being in the Headquarters, Zhang Tie had learned that a scout of the Norman Empire called Salvey, whom he had saved before, was running around trying to locate him since he was arrested.

Zhang Tie left the car and ran towards the familiar faces. Salvey, Zhang Yang, and some other soldiers were squatting under a tree in a parterre beside the gate, seemingly waiting for Zhang Tie to be released.

Of course, places like the Headquarters would not allow several common soldiers and civilians in for free. Even knowing that Zhang Tie was inside, they could still only wait outside. No matter what, for them, it would okay if Zhang Tie was safe.

They were chatting under the tree, not having the slightest inkling that Zhang Tie might abruptly run at them from another direction.

"Elder brother!" Zhang Tie exclaimed, running towards them.

Zhang Yang's head swiveled to the side, and he saw his brother running over to him. He immediately jumped up from the ground and strode towards Zhang Tie. Pulling the boy into his hands, Zhang Yang was full of excitement and concern. "Are you okay?"

"I'm okay, of course I'm okay!"

Zhang Tie smiled and patted his elder brother's hands so as to comfort him.

Not until then did Zhang Yang's constricted heart finally relax.

Salvey also walked towards them in an impaired way, followed by Miller, Harley, and two other strange faces.

Letting go of his elder brother's hands, Zhang Tie gave Salvey an embrace. After that, he lightly punched Salvey's chest. "I was cheated by you."

Salvey smirked. "If I wore this military uniform, would you have saved me?"

"I would've, of course I would've saved you! After striking you and making you pass out, I would've sent you back to the Wild Wolf Castle. Then I would have become a hero..."

Zhang Tie burst out laughing, then greeted Miller, Harley, and some other people whom he had seen once before. At that time, he had only felt these guys weird, but unexpectedly, they were scouts of the Norman Empire, who were there cleaning path for the army.

In merely one month, Blackhot City had experienced a groundbreaking change. Every resident became the citizen of the Norman Empire. Therefore, their previous estrangement due to different nationalities did not exist anymore, not even considering that Zhang Tie having saved Salvey's life.

Happy about Zhang Tie's open character, everybody burst out laughing; they all felt like having had a worthwhile morning.

"Let's go home, dad and mom will definitely be very happy to know you're safe..." Zhang Tie's elder brother said. "Let's go back home together, I'll get bottles of good alcohol, let's enjoy it tonight!"

"Elder brother, you go back first and tell our parents that I'm safe. Don't let them worry about me. I'll come back later!"

"What? What else?"

Zhang Yang was stunned.

"You'll know about it after I come back..."

Since adviser Vessie had pressed on the signal twice already, Zhang Tie was better off ending his conversation. After bidding a farewell to everyone, he ran over and jumped into the SUV. Soon after, the vehicle left, leaving a curtain of dust rising up from the ground.

Seeing his younger brother, who was taken away by the Military Administration staff outside their home yesterday, sit in the SUV and leave Blackhot City at such speed, Zhang Yang started to feel strange about him. He stayed still for quite a while.

"Your younger brother should have really good luck!" Miller smirked.

...

Zhang Tie truly was going to have good luck.

Adviser Vessie drove him directly to the Logistics Base of the No. 39 Division, which was previously a camp of the City Guard but was expropriated now.

Compared to the Headquarters, there were more people in the Norman Empire's military uniforms here, causing it to be more lively. The spacious land in the camp was piled with various large and small dark green crates, marked with Norman Empire's Army's signal, many of which were covered with water-proof tarpaulin.

Adviser Vessie guided Zhang Tie directly into a room marked as Equipment Management Office and submitted a form to a military officer wearing glasses. After peering over it, the officer immediately picked himself up from behind the table.

"Follow me, please..."

After that, he guided Zhang Tie and adviser Vessie into a warehouse on the other side of the camp. Inside, they saw piles of materials and crates.

"Calvin!" the officer shouted out.

Soon after, a fat and oily guy ran out from behind a pile of crates.

Pointing at Zhang Tie, the officer said, "Iron-Blood Camp, second lieutenant, he's been favored by Colonel Leibniz, match him with a suitable set of military uniforms."

After glancing over Zhang Tie, that fat and oily guy looked slightly amazed before saying a series of data, "Height, 178; Weight, 73; well-balanced; a bigger head, 61; shoes' size, 40. Wait a minute please..."

Zhang Tie was dumbfounded. What a pair of sharp eyes! He could figure out the concrete sizes of a person's body only with one glance. That was really great!

Only after two minutes, that guy called Calvin came back to them with two heavy military cases and several crates in hands. After putting them onto the table, he left for another two minutes before returning with several cases and boxes. He then started to introduce these items to Zhang Tie.

"I could only match you with the summer uniforms, informal clothes, and combat training suits along with leather waistbands. Three suits for each. As to underwear and shirts, you have five for each. Second lieutenant is also provided with a pair of leather boots and three pairs of gaiters for combat training.

"Other living necessities are all standard provisions. Here is a list for you. The winter uniforms will be delivered this October. As to your lieutenant's full dress, we're short on it now. You should wait for a couple of days. When it arrives, we'll deliver it together with the next month's living necessities. This package includes your epaulets, collar insignia, and the chest card of Iron-Blood Camp. This box includes the lieutenant-level Sharp-Arrow Type-B Light Defense Armor..."

Calvin reported the items in the luggage and various of crates and boxes like recounting a menu.

'Are these items the provisions for a lieutenant?'

Zhang Tie was dumbfounded. He finally understood how expensive it was to keep an army. What a great amount of expenditure it would take to purchase so many items! Additionally, he learned that the treatment for the second lieutenant of the Norman Empire was much better than that of the second lieutenant of Blackhot City.

It even contained informal dresses, full dresses, and combat training suits; three of each. Besides, it included boots.

Zhang Tie realized that soldiers had a pretty high status in the Norman Empire, which could never be matched by the soldiers in the Andaman Alliance. Compared to the soldiers of the Norman Empire, those of the Andaman Alliance were more like a group of bodyguards and courtyard guardians for rich men.

"After a while, we will go to the Iron-Blood Camp. You can put on an set of informal clothes..." adviser Vessie suggested.

"Here?"

"Yes, here!"

"Can I take a bath? You know I stayed in the prison last night. That was a not a clean place!" Zhang Tie explained in an embarrassed way.

Captain Vessie didn't speak but looked at the officer of the Logistics Base with a pair of inquiring eyes.

"Calvin, take him for a bath..."

Hearing the order, Calvin took Zhang Tie to the bathroom of this Camp, where Zhang Tie took a good bath.

His clothes were were still the same with which he returned from the survival training. So after last night's experience in the dark 'club' on the underground floor 3, besides being dirty, they even had numerous fleas, making them not only itchy but also have bad luck of those in the cell.

Zhang Tie of course would not bring these bad items back home.

So he threw that entire set of clothes from top to feet, including a pair of socks with two holes in them along with the pair of heavily worn shoes into the trash bin in the bathroom. After finishing the bath, he put on the new uniform of a soldier of the Norman Empire, which included socks, underwear, vest, informal dress and boots.

...



* * *





Chapter 159




Men usually took baths very fast. Only a bit over ten minutes later, Zhang Tie already stood in front of Second Lieutenant Vessie in a set of fresh new clothes and shiny sheepskin boots. At the sight of him, everybody was stunned. Not only them, even Zhang Tie himself could never believe that the handsome youth in the mirror was him.

That youth in the mirror had white and smooth skin, tender yet distinct features. The black and silky hair indicated his abundant nutrition and great vitality. Although he was not tall not too tough looking, he was very balanced. All the lines and proportions of his body displayed the special adolescence and perfection of the young. But despite that youthful look, there was a certain air of maturity about him.

To tell the truth, since the start of the survival training, Zhang Tie had not used a mirror. So he had no idea that he was absolutely different from that poor youth from several months ago after eating a pile of Leakless Fruits, Iron-body Fruits, Trouble-Reappearance Fruits, and Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruits.

He looked very reserved now. Besides that, he was distant and noble. And those qualities seemed as if they had been with him since he was born.

It was especially made to look so by that set of dark red informal dress of the Norman Empire's lieutenant, as well as the pair of boots. The former was made of a good material, while the latter was something that Zhang Tie had never worn before, and the two together made him shine as brilliant as a polished jewel.

Honestly, when he caught sight of that image in the mirror, the first thought that came to his mind was not delight, but jealousy. After realizing that he was envying himself, his heart then filled to the brim with a sense of excitement.

Zhang Tie turned round and round before the mirror for at least two minutes before finally confirming that the guy with a pretty nice look in the mirror was truly him. He then grimaced to himself in the mirror and left the bathroom.

The moment Zhang Tie came out, he attracted all the other soldiers' attention, who were were also wearing dark red military uniforms of the Norman Empire.

When he stopped before adviser Vessie, Calvin, and that military officer of the Logistics Base, the three guys who were smoking and chatting immediately popped out their eyes with mouths wide-open. At the same time, adviser Vessie's tobacco fell to the ground. Neither of them had imagined that the previous dirty person would turn into a handsome youth that now stood in front of them.

"You're... Zhang Tie?" adviser Vessie asked to confirm it.

"I also realize that I'm very handsome in military uniforms, this set looks like it was specially customized to suit me! No envy!" Zhang Tie spoke in a witty way like before.

Adviser Vessie's eyes glittered, and it was hard to say what he was thinking about.

Calvin ran to Zhang Tie and buckled everything to his uniform: the collar insignia, epaulets, and chest badges. He then helped Zhang Tie put on his military cap that was specially designed for second lieutenants and buckled his cap badge before fastening the waistband around Zhang Tie's waist.

When he was done, Zhang Tie was like a brilliant person that had walked out of a painting.

Calvin burst out laughing and said, "Brat, since I've begun doing this earlier, I could sense that this would end in a great achievement!"

"Colonel Leibniz really has special vision!" After watching Zhang Tie for awhile, the military officer of the Logistics Base also praised with his eyes on adviser Vessie, "This man is born to wear military uniforms! I've never seen anyone so suited to them..."

Previously, this military officer was just taking Zhang Tie's affair as a public affair, therefore, he treated him solemnly; however, now, he treated Zhang Tie much more enthusiastically. Perhaps, as Calvin had said, it could truly bring a sense of achievement to a person when he saw a poor youth becoming brilliant right in front of him.

"Have you chosen your weapon?" that military officer asked Zhang Tie.



"No!"

"Then, let's go to the arsenal to select a proper weapon for you!"

Soon after, the four people entered the arsenal of the Logistics Base.

A lieutenant of the Norman Empire could own three weapons: a standard-issue dagger, an imperial long sword, and one another. The long sword was a ceremonial requirement for attending special occasions for every military officer.

Besides the two aforementioned weapons, the last one was determined by the troop the lieutenant was in and his concrete position. The third weapon was called the main battle weapon. For instance, besides the two previous weapons, a commander of a pike matrix would always own a customized long pike as his main battle weapon; the military officers of the Iron-Horn Cavalries would choose a heavy saber or a long pike; while soldiers and military officers who were carrying out special tasks would even choose machine bows or common bows.

The types of dagger and long sword were singular, but when selecting his next one, Zhang Tie became dumbfounded.

The arsenal of No. 39 Division widely broadened his vision since besides crates of standardized weapons, there were also various long and short cold weapons that Zhang Tie had never seen before. They dazzled him.

Unexpectedly, when he scanned over the weapons, he just passed by the light weapons without even giving them a second look, he instead became obsessed with the heavy and large ones. Looking at Zhang Tie's figure, the other three people started to doubt whether he could even move them or not.

Finally, after circling half of the colossal arsenal, Zhang Tie saw an item on the shelf. Eyes turning shiny, he hurriedly walked towards it.

It was a set of lances, similar to the ones he'd used in the survival training, placed in a cylinder which was longer than one meter. However, the first difference was that this set of javelins were completely made of metal, instead of being composed of a wooden handle and steel head. The second difference was that the heads of the lances that he used in survival training were as sharp as needles, but the heads of these ones were triangular and much larger.

Zhang Tie pulled one out and weighed it. He felt that it was at least 13 kg and was roughly 10 cm longer than the ones he'd used before. It felt much more suitable.

To him, the previous lances were akin to straws. Those light sticks did not match his present strength or help him exert his maximal fighting force anymore.

These javelins' bodies were composed of different sections, each section of different width due to the principles of aerodynamics. The sections with different widths felt much more coherent. Holding the lance, Zhang Tie even sensed a fighting spirit from it. Besides, he could feel the delicate anti-slippery patterns on its body.

All in all, if the previous lances were regarded as the previous Zhang Tie, these lances were like the present him; the latter version was much better than the earlier one.

"Do these items belong to one set?" Zhang Tie pointed at the cylinder and asked.

Whether looking at the modeling, the workmanship, or the texture, this cylinder used to contain the lances was dozens of times better than the one he'd used during the survival training.

"Yes, these items belong to one set, but..."

"Can't I select them?" Zhang Tie immediately asked.

"No, precisely, these items were not made for individuals but for the Iron-Horn cavalry. Several years ago, the imperial weapons manufacturing department produced these items, planning to use them to arm the Iron-Horn cavalry. They wanted to see the power of the Iron-Horn cavalry when it had the help of these javelins. However, after giving them out to the troop, the end result was really poor..."

"How could that be? I feel that they're great!"

"The Iron-Horn cavalry felt that these items were too heavy. If they were equipped on the Iron-Horn beasts, it would slow the speed and weaken the endurance of the animal as well as the agility of the whole troop.

"In addition, if these javelins were to display their true power, they would have to be thrown with a great power, yet could not reach too far. This would pose extremely high requirements to the personal strength of the cavalrymen.

"If only a few of them could do that, they could hardly threaten their opponents. Additionally, it was much more difficult for them to throw javelins as precisely as shooting arrows from a common or machine bow.

"If throwing weapons were needed, most of the Iron-Horn Cavalry would prefer axes instead of javelins. Therefore, several days later, as the troop didn't have a high evaluation of these javelins, the plan to equip the Iron-Horn beasts with javelins was aborted. The remainder was left here several years ago!" the military officer of the Logistics Base patiently explained to Zhang Tie.

"Fine, I'll take it!"

Saying this, Zhang Tie took the cylinder which contained nine identical javelins. He didn't know that such as simple move stimulated the eyelids of the other people beside him to jump crazily.

There was a total of nine javelins inside the container, each of which weighted 12.6 kg. That, added with the weight of the container which was made of aluminum alloy, steel wire, and leather, weighed roughly 120 kg in total. Many people would hardly even lift it using two hands, while this youth took them with only one hand. That was really an amazing strength he possessed.

Zhang Tie didn't realize that after eating nine Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruits, he had gained nine wild wolves' strengths in his body. That meant that the total weight of this equipment was shared by nine wild wolves, over 10 kg for each. And for a wild wolf, was this a heavy weight?

Additionally, Zhang Tie was already a LV 4 warrior. Although the container felt a bit heavy in his hand, it was not too difficult for him to hold it.

After exchanging glances with each other, both adviser Vessie and that military officer of the Logistics Base saw great amazement in the others' eyes.

Recruited by Colonel Leibniz, the youngest lieutenant in the entire division, part of the Iron-Blood Camp, having extremely great strength, excellent looks, elusive fighting force—when all these conditions were combined into one person, Zhang Tie, that military officer of the Logistics Base immediately realized that this youth before him might be a successful and worthy investment.

"Strictly, these lances are like arrows and easily worn away, so they're not main battle weapons. I can present them to you if you like..." The military officer's of the Logistics Base eyes became warmer. "You seem to have a great strength, perhaps you can try a special lieutenant-level item that others could not use..."

Zhang Tie's curiosity was immediately piqued.



* * *





Chapter 160




When the military officer fetched the item that had been placed here for a long time, he introduced himself to Zhang Tie. "Karak, first lieutenant of the Logistics Base of No. 39 Division. My position is medium-ranked. Since I neither had any contacts among big figures nor could be promoted by battle experience, so I ended up as a bad luck civil official who can only defend the warehouse and deal with the chores in the Logistics Base."

As for his kind hint, of course Zhang Tie could hear it. So he also made an official introduction to first lieutenant Karak and that slippery Calvin , expressing his thanks for their help today.

Afterwards, the atmosphere became more harmonious.

Standing aside, adviser Vessie changed his opinion of Zhang Tie as the boy's quick-mind completely overthrew the advisers notion of those who had formed Blood-Iron hidden strength. Across No. 39 Division, all the guys who had formed it were violent maniacs with cruel personalities. They were either bad-tempered or as hard and icy as stones. People who had formed Iron-Blood Fist skill yet were as kind as Zhang Tie were rarely seen—how could the Battle God favor such people?

Adviser Vessie couldn't understand it, however, this didn't prevent him from having a good impression of Zhang Tie. Perhaps such a guy could really become famous in No. 39 Division.

Calvin finally fetched something out of the piles of items using a hand-pushed forklift that was used to transport items in the warehouse. He pulled it in front of them.

At the sight of this item, Zhang Tie's eyes also popped out as this weapon was way too exaggerated.

It was a truly huge sword in a terrifying shape. Compared with it, all the long swords that Zhang Tie had seen, even the largest one that he had seen, were like toothpicks before a chopstick.

This sword was as large as a weapon used by giants. Lying on the forklift, it was definitely longer than 2 m, which meant if it was put down point first on the ground, it'd be taller than Zhang Tie.

"This super-heavy battle sword is a non-uniformed lieutenant-level main battle weapon made by weapon craftsmen when blood rushed to their heads. It weighs 358 kg. Nobody can wave it among all the lieutenants of No. 39 Division!" First Lieutenant Karak introduced the weapon.

"If lieutenants can have it, then higher ranked military officers can definitely have it too?" Zhang Tie asked out of curiosity.

"Field officers' weapons would be made of superior materials. When you are promoted to a field officer, if you like this kind of heavy main battle weapon, you can definitely have one made using better materials. This is the privilege of imperial field officers. This weapon is mainly made of LV 2 tungsten-manganese alloy steel, while imperial field officers are entitled to use LV 3 special alloy!" Adviser Vessie explained. "When you enter the army, you will gradually understand these things!"

Staring at that battle sword of 358 kg, Zhang Tie felt his blood boiling. If Karak and Vessie knew why it did so, they would pass out right away.

'Donder said that if there's a benefit to be gained, and you didn't take it, you'd be a bastard. As for such a special weapon, even if I don't use it, it's still worth a lot of money if I sell it in an emergency! LV 2 tungsten-manganese alloy steel shouldn't be average!

This was what Zhang Tie really considered at this moment. Such a super-heavy battle sword was a great benefit waiting for him to pick it up. If he did that, he would own it.

Therefore, Zhang Tie felt his blood boiling in his body. He then put the cylinder of lances to the side. After taking a deep breath, he walked in front of the hand-pushed forklift. With his hands, he took hold of the handle of the 358 kgs' battle sword.

The handle was like a stout stick composed of compressed dough-like ducks' eggs. As the four sides of the handle were covered with wavy grains, it was definitely anti-slippery. It was roughly 40 cm in length which could be grasped by two hands.

The blade part was designed much simpler. The armguard that connected the handle and the blade of the sword was a square steel alloy board which was as large as a small shield. It alone would weigh at least 30 kg, having over 20 cm of blade inside.

One side of the blade was plain and sharp-edged, undergone anti-rust treatment, while the other was saw-toothed and glittering with icy lights. Besides that, the blood grooves on the blade were as wide as a person's thumb. If one was slashed by such a fierce weapon, it was easy to imagine the outcome.

The only problem now was who could use it.

When Zhang Tie took hold of that super-heavy battle sword, Karak, Vessie, and Calvin's hearts started pounding.

One reason that Karak had fetched this super-heavy battle sword was to check Zhang Tie's real strength.

With the handle in his hands, Zhang Tie gradually increased the output of his strength...

When those 358 kg of the battle sword started leaving the forklift with the sound of 'Ge zhi' from the spring and hydraulic supporting the rod beneath the forklift, Karak, Vessie, and Calvin's eyes immediately popped out.

It was heavy, very heavy, but it was still within Zhang Tie's physical limit. If he tried to hold it only using one hand, that would be too presumptuous. So he brought it up with both hands and wove it in the air as if slashing someone. Right, slashing someone.

Seeing Zhang Tie slashing with the super-heavy battle sword, the three guys were really scared, hurriedly jumping away.

Zhang Tie moved so fast that a killing wind could even be felt when he raised it to the top of his head and slashed down before steadily stopping it half a feet above the ground, causing the dust on the ground to be blown away by the air flow produced by the blade.

He burst out laughing. Since he ate the nine Wild Wolf Seven-Strength Fruits, he had not been as cool as today.

This battle sword was heavy, able to completely make use of the nine wild wolves' strengths in Zhang Tie's body. Slashing with, Zhang Tie felt like doing a very interesting physical exercise. Although it was a bit hard, he found it very fun and pretty cool, especially when he saw the other three people's faces turn pale.

All men longed for great strength. With the powerful sword in his hands, Zhang Tie found it very interesting to exert his strength. It brought him a sense of achievement.

"Hu...hu...hu..."

Zhang Tie slashed with the huge sword of 358 kg, causing continual weird sounds. The other people hurriedly moved a couple more steps back.

After slashing for about half a minute, Zhang Tie intended to put down that battle sword. After loosening his grip, it fell to the ground, making a small pit and several cracks on the cement ground.

"I feel this battle sword is very proper!"

When Zhang Tie hefted the battle sword of 358 kg and walked out of the arsenal, he attracted the attention of all the passers-by in the Logistics Base. Adviser Vessie helped him by carrying the container of the lances which weighed more than 100 kg, while Karak and Calvin aided in loading the packages and that crate with the set of Sharp-Arrow Type-B Light Armor on the the back seats of the vehicle.

These items, in total, would weigh more than half a ton. After putting them in the vehicle, the chassis seemed even lower than before.

At this moment, Zhang Tie felt like he'd robbed several stores on the street. The sense of free selection was really cool.

He started to feel really well about being a citizen of the Norman Empire...

After thanking Karak and Calvin, Zhang Tie bid farewell to them and got on the vehicle. Afterwards, he left the Logistics Base along with adviser Vessie.

"Officer, I feel that this brat will become someone great one day!" the short and slippery Calvin said to Karak after seeing off Zhang Tie.

Karak nodded, feeling that what he did today would bring him great returns. As for freaks like Zhang Tie, it would be weirder for them not to become outstanding.

"Where are we going?" Zhang Tie asked adviser Vessie, who was driving.

"To register in the Iron-Blood Camp, then coming back to the Headquarters. I'm sure Colonel Leibniz will want to know how you look in an imperial military uniform.

"Can you tell me something about the Iron-Blood Camp?" Zhang Tie asked.

"Have you seen those idiot senior fighters who just stand still with arms crossed behind big gang-like brothers, exposing their tattooed and developed muscles to others?" Adviser Vessie turned his head and asked Zhang Tie. "There should also be gangs like this in Blackhot City."

"Yes, I've seen them?"

"Iron-Blood Camp is full of those kind of fighters, those who would even perform as part-time dare-to-die corps..."

Zhang Tie became speechless...

Most of the barracks left by the City Guard, who'd been given a holiday to wait for updates at home, had been occupied by the No. 39 Division. The barracks of Iron-Blood Camp were in the east of Blackhot City. Coincidentally, it was where Zhang Tie's elder brother's regiment had been stationed.

Besides the soldiers standing guard outside the entrance, when Zhang Tie arrived at the headquarters of Iron-Blood Camp, he saw few people walking about. Those he did see inside presented two extremes.

One pile of careless-looking people were lazily lying around the grassland with sunglasses on. Some of them had even fastened soft beds between trees; sleeping in them, they stretched their hairy legs outside the hammocks.While others were playing cards and exclaiming under trees, seemingly gambling. They were like playboys from rich families enjoying a holiday.

In contrast to these scenes, some guys were training extremely hard on the training ground. Zhang Tie saw dozens of tough guys practicing Lying-Tiger Move with sweat running down their backs in torrents; the skin on their backs had also peeled off from the scorching rays of the sun and must have felt like it was on fire.

The guys here didn't seem to care about anything as the arrival of Zhang Tie and adviser Vessie didn't attract their attention whatsoever.

Adviser Vessie seemed to have seen this scene numerous times, so he didn't find anything weird about it. Taking Zhang Tie into an office, he briefly explained his reason for coming to an on-duty military officer and gave Zhang Tie's file to him. After that, he introduced Zhang Tie to that officer before giving the youth two keys for his officer's dorm and a pass card. By then, Zhang Tie had finished his registration in the Iron-Blood Camp.

"The holiday of Iron-Blood Camp will end in five days. You have to come here then to greet boss Reinhardt. During these days, you can do whatever you want. You can also stir up trouble if you're not afraid of being caught by those bastards of the military police or being remembered by others who'll find you here!"

Here, even the on-duty officer looked lazy.

The lieutenants' dorm was not bad. It was located in a six floor building beside the training ground. There was a small garden underneath it. Outside the entrance of the officers' dorm building was sentry box with soldiers watching inside.

Each floor was matched with a service platform and servicewomen. Zhang Tie's dorm was in Room No. 508, floor 5. It was a single room with less than 30 square meters, wooden floor, and matched with an independent washing room where he could take a bath. There was also a steam-heated system, a bed, a table, a wardrobe, a shoe rack, a safe, and a weapon and helmet hanger.

Zhang Tie had place enough to leave all of his luggage in here; it was surely like a hotel. As for the two keys, one was for the door, the other was for the safe inside the room.

The status of a military officer of the Norman Empire was fully displayed here.

Adviser Vessie and Zhang Tie ran two rounds before taking up all of his belongings upstairs and placing them inside the room.

When leaving the Iron-Blood Camp together with adviser Vessie, Zhang Tie suddenly felt that there was something weird with the service platform. He remembered that no female workers could be seen in the military officers' dorms of the City Guard of Blackhot City. If women were thrown into the pile of tough guys, it would be no different from throwing a lamb into a pack of wolves.

"What are the servicewomen there for?"

"Servicewomen?"

Vessie stared at Zhang Tie with a puzzled look, not sure what he had meant.

"I mean those women standing behind the service platforms on each floor!" Zhang Tie explained himself.

Adviser Vessie then finally understood.

"I was confused there for a moment. Those women are not servicewomen. They're guilty slaves that stay with the army. The Norman Empire gave them a chance to reduce their guilt by providing manual labor and other services!"

After saying that, adviser Vessie glanced at Zhang Tie. "As a military officer of the Norman Empire, if you do not wish to play them to death, you can order them to do everything you want. Remember, everything. This is also welfare for the Norman Empire's military officers."

Zhang Tie was not a kid any more, so he immediately understood adviser Vessie's words. These guilty slaves that lived with the army were playing two roles: living servants and military prostitutes. They had no dignity at all.

Zhang Tie's heart pounded as he thought of the women. Today's fantastic experience almost made him forget that the Norman Empire was a hierarchical monarchy which had its icy and hard side...

Just moment ago, he had become a member of the huge and hard system of this empire.

Adviser Vessie seemed to understand that Zhang Tie would have trouble adapting to some aspects of the Norman Empire's system. After all, there was a great difference between the one he had lived his whole life with and the one he found himself in now.

"I wonder, have you heard a proverb of Emperor Felix?" adviser Vessie asked Zhang Tie while driving the car.

"What proverb?"

"Hierarchy is order, order is beauty!"

The steam-driven car drove Zhang Tie away through the streets of Blackhot City, leaving dust flying in the air...





* * *





Chapter 161




With a sound of 'Zhi...', a military SUV painted dark green parked in front of Zhang Tie's home. The parking sound was very harsh and loud, and the solid rubber tires left a 2 m long black mark. Hearing that screeching sound, all the passers-by who were walking on the sidewalks with parasol trees were startled.

When they turned their heads and caught sight of the two Norman Empire's military officers in the car, they did not dare to have another look at them; instead, lowering their heads, they hurriedly turned and left. Several gentlemen in tall hats even took off their hats and gave a salute to the two military officers.

In a wholly new pair of military boots, Zhang Tie opened the door of the vehicle and with agility jumped off the car.

Although it was only a day since he had returned home last, he felt like having a dream: when he left yesterday, he was a suspect; now, he came back as a Norman Empire's military officer.

"Remember, you have five days of holidays left. You have to greet battalion commander Reinhardt in Iron-Blood Camp in five days. The commander is not kind man, he alone in the entire No. 39 Division dares to butt heads with Colonel Leibniz. If you commit a crime and get caught by him, even Colonel Leibniz won't help you out!" Adviser Vessie warned Zhang Tie.

"Thanks for the warning!" Zhang Tie expressed his appreciation to adviser Vessie.

He was about to leave, when he suddenly thought of something. He then asked adviser Vessie straightforwardly, "You should know about my affair. I want to seek for an opportunity to deal with Samira these days as there's discontent between us; if I want to get back at him, what should I do?"

After hearing Zhang Tie's words, adviser Vessie was a bit stunned. However, realizing that Zhang Tie dared to ask him something like this in such a straightforward manner, he suddenly felt very happy inside as Zhang Tie hadn't treated him as an outsider. At least he hadn't set a mental defense against him nor was afraid of him reporting this thing to Colonel Leibniz.

After accompanying Zhang Tie for an entire afternoon, especially taking him back to Colonel Leibniz with the new uniform, from the surprised expression of Colonel Leibniz, he immediately understood that Zhang Tie will have a very bright future. Perhaps Colonel Leibniz was already thinking about promoting Zhang Tie to a higher position just now, although he hadn't opened his mouth.

In army, where friendship between comrades in arms was very important, nobody would be unhappy with having one more brother.

"Do you know the only principle that is followed in the military management system of the Norman Empire in the newly occupied zones?" Adviser Vessie inquired.

This question made the fresh second lieutenant of Norman Empire shake his head.

"In the occupied zone, the soldiers of the Norman Empire are always right. The truth is always in the hands of the Norman Empire's soldiers. This is the only principle that is followed in the military management system of the Norman Empire! If a bright and brave youth, a potential elite military officer who had been looked upon by the Battle God was framed as the enemy and potential insurrectionist, it would be regarded as the greatest insult to the entire empire, all the soldiers across the empire, and even the Battle God himself," Adviser Vessie told Zhang Tie in a very serious way.

Hearing this answer, Zhang Tie smiled. 'Who was the motherf*cker that said Norman Empire's soldiers are all barbarians and butchers, who was the motherf*cker that said Norman Empire's hierarchy system is inhumane. Norman Empire is so cute, and so are its troops. I look so handsome in this military uniforms of the Norman Empire, heh... heh... heh...'

After bidding farewell to adviser Vessie, Zhang Tie checked himself over from head to toe. Finished, he arranged his military hat and the walking sword over his waist before knocking on the door in a passionate way.

Beside the door of his house, Zhang Tie found that the rice brew store had not been opened for a few days as some dust had fallen onto its door. If it was opened everyday, mom would have certainly cleaned it up.

Today, after circling a small half of Blackhot City, Zhang Tie felt that the atmosphere in Blackhot City was much more tense compared to before. The market also looked depressed.

According to Vessie, the army of Iron-Horn Army of 300,000-odd soldiers was in a stalemate with the Brilliant Feathers of Sun Dynasty which contained roughly the same amount of soldiers in City of Machine Kalur. After gaining eight cities of the Andaman Alliance each, the Norman Empire and Sun Dynasty ended their temporary 'honeymoon'. They were not fighting against the City of Machine, the real fat, one that owned above 30% of the overall manufacturing capability of the entire Andaman Alliance.

The Norman Empire and Sun Dynasty both felt confident about occupying it. Compared to the lightning war before, the two armies' ferocious confrontation now became the true reason for why Blackhot City was tensed.

As for the lightning war against the Andaman Alliance, adviser Vessie described it as a rapid march and armed travel since the Norman Empire's army had met almost no resistance. The Andaman Alliance was simply not in the same level as the Norman Empire. So as long as the Norman Empire's army came close to a city's walls, everybody inside would make the wisest decision.

By contrast, the confrontation with the Sun Dynasty's Brilliant Feathers was a true battle.

However, all these things had nothing to do with Zhang Tie.

Zhang Tie then knocked on the door of his house, awaiting, both tensed and excited. His parents would certainly be very happy to see him come back home safe. But he was not sure of what they would think when they saw him wearing a set of the Norman Empire's military uniforms.

In this age, soldiers died early in all lands. After Zhang Tie's eldest brother Zhang Yong had turned himself into a crate of bone ash, he knew that his parents could not stand another event like this. In their eyes, if he could serve in the army while staying safe for several years before returning to Blackhot City, and then sought out a stable job, marrying a woman to deliver his kids, that would be perfect.

So Zhang Tie didn't know whether they could accept his current status.

The moment he knocked, he could hear footsteps hurriedly moving towards him from inside—the door was soon opened.

His elder brother Zhang Yang stood behind it.

As Zhang Tie has guessed, at the sight of him standing in a military uniform of the Norman Empire, Zhang Yang's eyes and mouth opened wide, and he froze on the spot for some time.

Seemingly realizing what Zhang Tie was doing, Zhang Yang made a move that was really outside Zhang Tie expectations.

He forcefully grabbed Zhang Tie inside before stretching out his head to look around outside the door. After that, he hurriedly closed the door.

"Do you want to die? Don't you know that you'll be killed if you pretend to be a soldier of the Norman Empire? Several days ago, it was a bit chaotic in Blackhot City. Some bastards got their hands on several sets of the Norman Empire's uniforms from a makeup room of a theater.

"They then put them on and plundered the city. In the end, they were caught and hung to death!" Zhang Yang's face paled, and he lowered his voice to urge Zhang Tie, "Hurry up, take it off in case someone notices. Ah... you've taken a whole set of a second lieutenant, including the boots and the walking sword. You're too audacious! Hope you didn't cause any trouble... Hurry up, take it off and hide everything! It's not funny at all!"

After glancing over Zhang Tie's clothes for a while, Zhang Yang's face turned even more white. He even wanted to peel them off his brother's body by himself.

Moved, Zhang Tie hurriedly stopped his elder brother, looking at him with an unexpectedly serious expression. "Elder brother, there's nothing wrong with my clothes, I'm now a second lieutenant of the No. 39 Division of the Norman Empire's Iron-Horn Army. I came back in the car of the No. 39 Division's headquarters.

"What? You've become a second lieutenant of the Norman Empire?"

Zhang Yang was stunned. Based on their mutual understanding of over ten years, and judging from the tone and expression, he realized that Zhang Tie was not cheating him. His mind then became a mess. His little brother was just taken away by the soldiers of the Norman Empire on charges of treason, so how could he return as a military officer of that same empire a day later? What a joke!

"I will explain it to you after a while, where are dad and mom?"

"Inside!"

There were voices coming from further in house, so Zhang Tie patted his elder brother's hand and walked inside. Before entering the room, he heard a familiar voice shouting loudly.

"... Who knows why Zhang Tie was caught by the red-hide dogs of the Norman Empire this time! I heard he has committed a great crime. If it's really like what you've said, it would be good for him to come back today. If he doesn't, I'll take my daughter back tonight, in case she'll get involved with whatever might happen to your family.

"My daughter has not enjoyed anything since she married your son. If she would have to suffer bitterness together with your family also, we could never allow it as her parents. It's so chaotic outside, the ruling power changes so rapidly, even the Andaman Alliance was over in such a short period of time. Who knows what will happen tomorrow?

"So I'll tell your the truth, even if Zhang Tie returns, as you have only one house in Blackhot City, the rights to it should be clarified at this moment. Zhang Tie and his wife in the future should not live here too. This house cannot accommodate two families. I heard that the Norman Empire also follows the eldest son succession system. So we have to clarify this thing..."

"Dad..!" elder sister-in-law shouted out with embarrassment inside the room.

"Shut up, you're forbidden to interrupt your seniors, us. We should clarify this thing as early as possible. As your belly is growing larger, Zhang Tie has also grown up. We have to clarify this thing now. Otherwise, we might even quarrel with each other more fiercely because of this thing in the future. Additionally, the engagement between you and Zhang Yang should be fixed at this time. No more wait..."

The familiar voice belonged to elder sister-in-law's father. Hearing all this, Zhang Yang looked pretty embarrassed, face becoming all red. The moment he wanted to rush in, he was held back by his brother.

Zhang Tie gave a smile, expressing that he didn't mind what he was hearing. After that, he coughed while opening the curtain and walked inside the room.



* * *





Chapter 162




Many people were sitting inside the room, including Zhang Tie's dad and mom, elder sister-in-law, and a man who looked like her but was several years older. At the sight of him, Zhang Tie knew that he was her elder brother.

'Elder sister-in-law's family members might have come here to pour out their true thoughts when they heard about what happened to me. Its somewhat impulsive. In contrast, dad and mom are silent.'

When such an event had happened to Zhang Tie, although the relatives by marriage put it a bit straightforwardly, it was not completely unjustifiable.

While they were talking inside the room, Zhang Tie opened the curtain and entered. At the sight of him wearing a dark red military uniform of a second lieutenant, everybody was startled. Only dad and mom, hearing Zhang Tie's cough, became spirited and stood up from the chairs. Of course, as his parents, they could identify Zhang Tie's voice very well.

Elder sister-in-law's family members were given a fright, and their faces paled, especially her dad's, who was just swearing at the red-hide dogs. At the sight of one orthodox 'red-hide dog' in the room, he almost slid off his chair.

"Dad, mom, I'm back!"

Facing his excited mom and dad, Zhang Tie hurriedly moved forward and hugged both of them. Unlike others, his parents had first noticed Zhang Tie himself before having their eyes fall to his military uniform. Seeing it, his parents reacted similar to his elder brother—they immediately became worried.

"Where did you get this set of clothes from? Take them off right now. It's not funny at all..."

His dad's face also turned pale at once.

Zhang Tie hurriedly moved a step back with his heels close to each other. 'Pa!', he stood at attention and gave a solemn salute to his dad and mom with his right hand at the level of his eyebrows.

"Newly promoted platoon leader of Iron-Blood Camp, the No. 39 Division of the Iron-Horn Army from the Northern Border Military Region Zhang Tie is here to report to you, dad and mom! Your son has become a glorious military officer of the Norman Empire!"

"Stop kidding!"

Zhang Tie's dad glared at him, looking a bit infuriated.

It was clear to Zhang Tie that he could not make himself understood quickly, so he directly pulled out a Norman Empire's Military Officer Certificate that he had received today and put it into dad's palm.

"Here's the Military Officer's Certificate that I've received in the No.39's Division's headquarters this noon. If it's fake, I will replace it for a true one. Waiting for your check, dad and mom."

In the Norman Empire, soldiers' position was superior to all the other people. All of soldiers' utilities were very fine. As for military officers of the Norman Empire, one could identify their social positions from the fine-making of Military Officer Certificate in Zhang Tie's hand.

His certificate was a dark green mini book, in the center of which was a dragon-shaped relief of the Norman Empire made of silver. The dragon-shaped relief was very delicate, and under it were two crisscrossing long swords which were surrounded by leaf-like patterns.

Soon after taking the booklet, Zhang Tie's dad identified that it was true. The cover was mainly composed of a special animal's bone glue, several special plant fibers, and some minerals. Although looking trivial, it contained very advanced technology. Its craftsmanship was a top secret, which could not be easily obtained by common small nations.

Across the entire Blackson Human Clan Corridor, there were less than five nations which had this technology. Thankfully, the Norman Empire was one of them. The technology called 'all-purpose plasticity in Black Iron Age' originated from the Eastern Continent. The technology adopted by the Norman Empire was more advanced than that adopted by other nations, making it outstanding in the Blackson Human Clan Corridor.

Zhang Tie's dad knew how it was produced, so the moment he touched the Military Officer Certificate, he knew that it was true.

Opening it, he saw the same 'all-purpose plasticity material in Black Iron Age', although being a bit different in color and texture from the one on the cover. The texture inside was more like that of paper. But it was smoother.

The page contained Zhang Tie's photo, his name, detailed descriptions of his looks and physical features, his job responsibilities, and rank. Above the photo was an embossed stamp, and under the photo was a double-layered watermark. Zhang Tie's official rank was clearly written on it: Second Lieutenant, platoon leader of Third Platoon, Fifth Company, Iron-Blood Camp, No. 39 Division of the Iron-Horn Army, Northern Border Military Region, Norman Empire.

The Military Officer Certificate couldn't be more real. Zhang Tie's dad then became dumbfounded by how his son could become a military officer of the Norman Empire after being taken away by soldiers for treason. That reversal was really too quick!

Zhang Tie's mom also grabbed the Military Officer Certificate out of curiosity and took a serious look at it.

When his mom was looking, Zhang Tie turned back and smiled at the elder sister-in-law's family members who had long been standing up at a loss of what to do next.

"Uncle, aunt, elder brother, don't be that polite, just take a seat."

"You... you... you... you're Zhang Tie?" elder sister-in-law's father, who had been very talkative moments ago, barely stammered out.

"We've met the last time when you've come here. Uncle we've talked to each other at that time!"

When Zhang Tie met his elder sister-in-law's father last time, he was losing temper and shouted at him, "None of your Zhang Family is good!". Reminded of it, the man immediately remembered it. When he came to Zhang's family to ask for engagement, he truly had met Zhang Tie. Gradually, he connected that Zhang Tie to this one in the Norman Empire's second lieutenant's military uniform.

The moment he remembered the boy, he felt his legs go soft, and he almost sat onto the ground. Everybody knew that what he had just said now had been heard by Zhang Tie, including that sentence of 'red-hide dogs'. The first one who had used this sentence in Blackhot City had been hung on the gibbet by those same red-hide dogs. After hanging for several days, the corpses of those people could not even be found anymore.

"Zhang Tie..." The elder sister-in-law with her constantly bigger abdomen hurriedly moved two steps forward. "My dad was raving just now, please don't care about that..."

"What did uncle say?" Zhang Tie shrugged his shoulder like knowing nothing. "Because I was talking with elder brother outside the door just now, I heard nothing at all. I've came back to tell dad and mom that I'm okay, and to tell you all that I've been given a military officer's dorm. It has good conditions, much better than those of the attic. Two days later, I'll move away from home. Additionally, elder brother and elder sister-in-law, your wedding ceremony should not be prolonged anymore..."

Hearing Zhang Tie's explanation, everybody stared at him with complex expressions. At this moment, even his dad and mom could feel that their son seemed to have grown up.

Afterwards, in about an hour, the atmosphere became more harmonious, and everyone sat around, listening to Zhang Tie's 'story'.

In survival training, he was favored by Captain Kerlin and was presented with a book called Iron-Blood Fist. In the loner's survival training, he was struck by a lightning bolt. Not only surviving it, he could also cultivate at a faster speed after that. Additionally, he could form Iron-Blood hidden strength without encountering any obstacles.

With Iron-Blood Fist and Iron-Blood hidden strength, he obtained the nice treatment of the Norman Empire's army after being caught. After the misunderstanding that he was framed was solved, he was recruited by Colonel Leibniz, the head of No. 39 Division, and joined the army. According to the laws and traditions of the Norman Empire, he immediately became a second lieutenant...

This process was simply a strange adventure. Everybody was struck dumb with astonishment. As to the dangers that he had met in the survival training and the event in the 'club' last night, Zhang Tie didn't mention them in case of his parents' concern.

Finally Zhang family had a dinner with elder sister-in-law's family members and arranged the marriage on the table. After that, elder sister-in-law's family members left with satisfaction.

Afterwards, Zhang Tie was immediately grabbed by his mom, and she started to ask him with all seriousness about how he was struck by the lightning bolt and his present physical condition. Only after confirming that he was really okay, did she and his dad become completely reassured.

Once the supper was done, Zhang Tie pretended to be jubilant when he talked about the whole military officers' dorm thing in the Iron-Blood Camp.

"Dad and mom, I'm telling you, I can even take hot water baths in the military officers' dorm. That's just too convenient. There are all sorts of services in there for me. Even special people who will wash clothes for me. A few days later, I'll move there to register in the Camp..."

Hearing Zhang Tie's words, his dad and mom forced out their smiles.

"Dad and mom, give me a smile..." Zhang Tie used the old method of hugging his dad and mom as he kissed them on their faces. "Aren't you happy about your son's bright future?"

"Happy, of course, I'm happy. But..."

His dad felt reluctant to say it, yet he couldn't hide it either.

"I know what you're worried about. Trust me, your son's life is most valued. Wherever I go, I won't show off. Additionally, the No. 39 Division is stationed in Blackhot City. Even if I move away, I can still come back to see you at any time.

"Your son has grown up now. It's time for me to go out. I have an objective. When I save enough money, I'll certainly buy a big house for you both. You'll be able to sit in the balcony and watch the sunset everyday..."

Before going to bed, Zhang Tie kept performing as a cute kid at home, trying to make his dad and mom happy. In that solemn Norman Empire's military uniform, he looked very attractive, especially when he vividly talked about the funny things in the survival training.

From his performance, his dad and mom, who had been frowning, finally relaxed. Especially when they heard that Zhang Tie had enticed three girls at the same time. His mom then finally burst out laughing and flicked at his forehead.

"You? I will thank the god if you're not alone. If you're that able, you should bring the three girls back home one day!"

"Fine, I estimate that, not counting elder brother's, I alone will bring 50-60 women home to call you mom. Then your daughters-in-law will give birth to more than 100 kids for you. After that, you and dad will do nothing but manage Zhang's kindergarten!"

Just from how far he went with his joke, his dad himself wanted to kick his butt...

With Zhang Tie's gag, Zhang house was filled with laughter once again.

After washing himself, Zhang Tie still returned to sleep in his attic. In the three months he attended the survival training, the room was well-kept by his mom. Knowing that Zhang Tie would come back today, she had even placed a new set of quilt and cotton-padded mattress for him. Having been dried under the sun's light during daytime, they still smelt like sunshine and warmth.

After removing his disguise that he had made for mom and dad, Zhang Tie stood still in this familiar attic for ten minutes. He carefully glanced over everything in this room. Not until then did he finally understand what he could not take with him to the dorms. Once he left this place, his parents' home, he would still be missing its every inch.

After standing still for quite a while, Zhang Tie took a deep breath. He then comforted himself inside that no matter what, one had to face reality.

Reminded of reality, Zhang Tie locked on the arched door in his mind and disappeared from the room.

...

——Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, welcome to the Castle of Black Iron!

——The fourth evolution and mutation of the yeast fluid has been completed. The process has succeeded and you have obtained the essential-energy reiki yeast. Please check it!

The moment he entered the Castle of Black Iron, the second tip almost made Zhang Tie jump up. After failing three times in the past three months, that bottle of yeast fluid he had brought had finally completed its first evolution and mutation, resulting in a wholly new bottle of yeast fluid...



* * *





Chapter 163




Zhang Tie couldn't wait to open the Living Beings and Communities Management Panel of the Castle of Black Iron. He selected the Micro-organisms Management Projects under Carbon-Based Living Beings and Communities Management Item and further checked the latest mutation and evolution process of yeast fluid.

The familiar semi-translucent dialogue box appeared in front of him. Besides that bottle with yeast fluid inside, there were several photo samples of the control groups.

The photo samples of the first comparative group were about the yeast individuals under microscopes before and after evolution and mutation.

Before mutation, the microorganisms looked as common as water drops or beans of oval or irregular round shapes. They were semi-translucent and different-sized. However, after mutation, they looked greatly different in shape. In Zhang Tie's eyes, the microorganisms after the mutation were like miniature gourds which looked pale emerald and brought one a sense of vitality.

The comparative samples were the sample comparisons about the gene and DNA between two yeasts. The vertical photo samples of genes and DNAs of the two yeasts were revolving in the dialogue box in a very vivid way. However, Zhang Tie had a headache since he didn't know what the hell were those photos at all. Intuitively, he only felt that the DNA sequence of the yeast after mutation was longer than before.

Under this comparative group of photos were several more comparative groups. Those samples were more micro, seemingly having went deeper into the differences between the internal sections and chromosomes of the two yeasts' DNA. Only a slight glance was enough for Zhang Tie to feel like he was reading an alien language; he couldn't understanding anything in the photo samples or what was written next to them.

Almost at the end of the entire text, he finally saw several paragraphs that he could almost make sense of.

——Basic aura yeast is a wholly new yeast species after mutation and evolution. The viability of this yeast in oxygen-deficient environment is 25% higher than that of the original yeast. In common environment, this yeast's fermentation time is 8% less than that of the original one. Besides, it can produce 27% more kinds of enzymes and 18% more of them quantitatively with 31% higher activity.

——Note: Higher energy and aura affinity means that the yeast can extract and convert more life energy and aura of the leavening during fermentation. The yeast's energy and aura affinity value is 1, which indicates that the amount of energy and aura that can be extracted and converted in fermentation accounts for 1% of the total content of the leavening.

——Based on its super high energy and aura affinity value, the system named it as basic aura yeast. As the creator, you, the castle lord can also rename it in the management panel.

——The life template of this yeast has been recorded by the system. If you need, the system can present it at any time.

...

After reading this, Zhang Tie started to have a more concrete understanding of this new yeast, especially the part that the yeast could extract and convert life energy and aura from the fermented food.

Zhang Tie remembered that when he was suffering from minor illnesses or bruises, his mom would always feed him some yeast fluid made of fruits and vegetables. He would then recover very fast. He didn't need to eat other medicines anymore.

Previously, he didn't understand why, but now, reading that paragraph, he immediately understood the reason. It must be the life energy and aura that was extracted and converted from various enzymes that were formed from the fermentation of the shattered fruits and vegetables mixed with sugar and yeast.

If Miss Daina was beside him, Zhang Tie was sure that she could explain it to him better. In his eyes, any question concerning living beings could be solved by her.

Zhang Tie didn't think too much at this moment, neither did he feel how great this new yeast was. After all, yeasts were trivial and could be easily obtained. He had only input a few aura and merit values and energy into a vial of common yeast fluid for four times during the past three months. After failing three times, he had finally succeeded.

When he thought of the yeasts, the only thing that Zhang Tie was concerned about was whether he could use this new yeast to make better rice brew and improve his family's business.

After chatting with mom and dad, he knew that in the past three months, because of the sudden change in the situation and the arrival of the war, the prices of grains in Blackhot City had almost risen to twice their size. Now, although the market had slightly recovered, the highest prices of grains were still roughly three times what they were before.

Before Zhang Tie attended the survival training, his dad had used the money given by Zhang Tie to buy several bags of rice and some raw materials for rice brewing. Soon after the prices of grains surged, the sales volume of rice brew declined. So the rice were left, thankfully, because of which his family members did not have to starve.

No matter what, although it was trivial, the new yeast might be helpful to the rice brew business of his family, so Zhang Tie felt a bit pleased with himself.

Having not checked the basic attributes of the Castle of Black Iron for a long time, he then opened the basic attributes panel.

——Castle of Black Iron

——Length: 1 Krosa

——Width: 1 Krosa

——Aura value: 31637

——Merit value: 6338

——Basic energy storage: 712

——Special output: basic aura yeast

The aura value and basic energy storage were still within Zhang Tie's expectations. The basic energy storage had remained unchanged for a long time after completing one time's topographic transformation and the last two times' evolution and mutation of yeasts. These were the remaining points out of the 4000-odd basic energy value that he had accumulated through mining. It delighted him that the aura values in the Castle of Black Iron increased over 1000 per day now.

However, the surging merit value greatly startled him. He remembered that after several times' consumption, the last time he checked, it was only a bit more than 1000, which even included him saving Salvey. How could it have become over 6000 so quickly? The sudden increase of more than 5000 merit points was greater than what he had obtained after killing Snade and Huck. What was happening?

Zhang Tie hurriedly opened the log of merit value and checked it with great care.

——Do the righteous thing for the Gods. You have ended the evil souls in the cell on the underground floor 3 in Blackhot City prison. By spreading the Gods' mercy in the secular world and punishing the evil people, you have obtained 5179 merit points as a compensation.

Zhang Tie was so happy that he almost jumped into the air. After shutting off the log's and attributes' window, he rushed towards the small tree jubilantly.

On the same twig where the last Fruit of Brilliance had grown up was hanging another golden and round Fruit of Brilliance.

——Fruit of Brilliance has become ripe. Usage: Pick and directly eat it. Notice: The fruit cannot be taken out of the Castle of Black Iron. After twelve hours of having been picked off the tree, its energy and vitality will gradually decline.

'Is this the award for killing those scumbags that day? It's too cool!'

Zhang Tie burst out laughing before touching a button on the top of the dialogue box. He then saw the familiar words, seemingly telling him about how the Fruit of Brilliance was formed.

——The deteriorating glorious rays will definitely be used after the death of the sinners. The soul of the sinners shall return to the Dark Land, while the glorious rays of the soul shall remain. The glorious rays are a force that is granted to the soul by the Creator and should not be desecrated. The glorious rays belong to the brave men who spread the righteousness of the Gods. As a brave fighter who brandished your blade against evil, you will earn glorious rays as you judge evil. The glorious rays of the soul will coexist within you, making you stronger.

'It must be because of that.'

Zhang Tie shut off this dialogue box with satisfaction and picked the Fruit of Brilliance without any hesitation. After sitting down with legs crossed, he threw this fruit into his mouth and broke it with one bite.

What happened next was the same as when he ate the first Fruit of Brilliance. Zhang Tie felt his body become completely translucent while the gold fog from the Fruit of Brilliance constantly rose up from his mouth and the inside of his body. Afterwards, they converged by wisps into a swirling golden fog in his mind. It gradually became denser and much brighter as it expanded.

'Yeah, yeah, yeah!'

Zhang Tie's soul was cheering, expressing an inexpressible delight.

Finally, when the wisps of golden fog completely converged into that golden radiance in Zhang Tie's mind, his spiritual energy surged to thrice its size at once.

If Zhang Tie's spiritual energy was a slim bamboo before, that bamboo had become a thick and stout tree now. With the addition of the spiritual energy of the scumbags in the dark cell, Zhang Tie increased his spiritual energy by three times. Along with the one brought by the nine Wild Wolf Seven-strength Fruits, his present spiritual energy was at least 30-40 times greater than the one he had before having the small tree.

Zhang Tie's hidden strength surged once more.

Opening his eyes, Zhang Tie felt that the world had become much more vivid and real, like a layer of thin silk had been torn from in front of his eyes.

After picking himself up from the ground, Zhang Tie felt more energetic while a powerful strength flowed across his body. That powerful strength brought him a lot of confidence; He felt like there was nothing that could not be made by him in this world.

Such a fruit was really great. Even if that bastard Samira suddenly became adorable in Zhang Tie's mind.

'Without being screwed by that guy, how could I have gotten this Fruit of Brilliance?'

After a surge of his spiritual energy, Zhang Tie abruptly felt that there one more fruit on the tree. He somehow knew it through an uncertain and indescribable spiritual sense without even having to look at it.

It was a whole new fruit in the shape of a tiny emerald green gourd. It reminded Zhang Tie of the yeast that he had created just now.

——Fruit of the Creator. Usage: Pick and directly eat it. Notice: The fruit cannot be taken out of the Castle of Black Iron. After twelve hours of having been picked off the tree, its energy and vitality will gradually decline.

——All the creations are related to infinite karma. Because of you, the basic aura yeast microorganisms appeared in this world from nowhere. They were created by you. Therefore, they belong to you. You are the father and god of this creation. The Fruit of the Creator will allow you to control all the basic aura yeast microorganisms in this world based on the material existence rule that the microorganisms follow. From now on then, your will and orders will decide their existence.

Although Zhang Tie had experienced so many surprises today, he still couldn't have imagined that the greatest surprise would appear last. This Fruit of the Creator was Zhang Tie's biggest achievement today. Because he had created the new species—basic aura yeast—he was the father and god of this basic aura yeast.

From today on, after eating this Fruit of the Creator, all the basic aura yeasts would listen to his orders. This was the most powerful control, based on the material existence rule that was followed by this kind of micro-organism.

Zhang Tie didn't know what was the most powerful control based on the material existence rule; however, he would control a new species which was also a great and a magnificent thing for him.

With curiosity and piety, Zhang Tie picked the tiny gourd-like emerald green fruit from the small tree and ate it.

After that, the moment he closed his eyes, numerous messages from the tiny gourd impressed themselves into Zhang Tie's mind by patches, while that special energy in the tiny gourd also converged with Zhang Tie's spiritual energy.

After ten minutes, Zhang Tie opened his eyes. This time, his spiritual energy hadn't increased anymore. Instead, his eyes were ravished with joy. He finally understood what was the most powerful control as he felt that he was the God, the God of the trivial yeasts of only several micrometers in diameter that he had created.

Merely with his pure spiritual energy and thoughts, he could completely control those yeasts.

'If it was not a vial of yeast fluid but a different species such as a pack of smart wild wolves or other advanced magical beasts, would I become the inherent deity of the new species which would have been created through mutation and evolution in the Castle of Black Iron..?'

When this thought suddenly flashed across Zhang Tie's mind, even he himself didn't notice that a new emotion budded in his heart. It was an emotion called - Ambition!



* * *





Chapter 164




Zhang Tie's revenge plan had been aborted on the next day of his release. When he prepared to aggressively seek revenge against Samira, he found out that despite him locating Samira's Business Group's base, the man had already hidden himself away.

When Zhang Tie was set free and promoted to be a second lieutenant yesterday, Samira learned of it the same evening; the Military Administration of Blackhot City had canceled his business group's supplier certificate. Scared by such an abrupt change, Samira had rolled away all the money of the Business Group and disappeared on the same evening without even giving notice to his employees.

When Zhang Tie arrived there, he found those employees were seeking for their boss, no one able to locate him. There were also many people who were bustling outside, asking for payment and goods from Samira's Business Group. The moment they found out that Samira's Business Group's supplier certificate was suddenly canceled by the Military Administration of Blackhot City, the partners rushed here; pitifully, they were still one step late.

Seeing this scene, Zhang Tie could only sigh that Samira was too cunning. Merely over one night, this guy had already slipped away.

Failing to catch Samira, Zhang Tie had to leave the base of Samira's Business Group.

Unexpectedly, only after a few days of his return, he had already managed to scare Samira away. Thinking of this, Zhang Tie became a bit arrogant.

A couple of days later, he would leave home and go to register in the Iron-Blood Camp, so the days left at home became precious. He had to hurriedly arrange and deal with his previous affairs: Donder, Iron-Thorns Fighting Club, Hit-Plane Brotherhood, and the three girls, Pandora, Alice, and Beverly, in the short period of time left to him.

Additionally, that damned circumcision operation concerning his ‘sex happiness' should also be dealt with. Otherwise, after registering in the Iron-Blood Camp, Zhang Tie was afraid that he would have less time to do that.

From adviser Vessie, Zhang Tie had learned some information about the situation outside. Besides that confrontation between the Norman Empire's army and Sun Dynasty's army in Kalur, the entire Blackson Human Clan Corridor seemed to be being pushed to be chaotic by a dark force.

Many places had broken out in small-scale wars. Some small forces were annexed by bigger forces. Blackhot City was lucky enough to get included into the map of the Norman Empire, as in other places, there were many casualties everyday in the wars, and such a chaotic situation in general.

The next day, Zhang Tie found an abacus at home. He spent an afternoon to impart the oral skills of the 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus' to his elder brother and asked him to copy all the content in the book.

After learning that the 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus' could improve his spiritual energy and accelerate its recovery, Zhang Yang opened his mouth so widely that it could even hold a chicken egg inside.

After trying it, Zhang Yang could immediately sense how 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus' improved and helped to recover one's spiritual energy.

With his experiences and insights in the past years, of course Zhang Yang understood how precious this 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus' was. In this age, any method that could be used to improve one's spiritual energy would be regarded as the top secret which could not even be purchased by money.

On the third day, Zhang Tie put away that handsome military uniform, and instead put on a proper set of plain clothes. He left home in the early morning, slid into a hospital introduced by Hista, and completed the circumcision operation at the cost of 54 silver coins.

After taking off his pants together with his underwear and lying down on the operation table, a 30-odd plump and tall nurse lifted Zhang Tie's 'bird' with two fingers and cleaned off the fresh pubic hair under it. The shaving knife was very sharp. When it touched under Zhang Tie's abdomen, he felt all chilly. Having not made this operation before, Zhang Tie was scared that the aunt would directly cut off his 'bird'. He really did not know how this operation would go.

"Hehe, that's fresh!" When shaving his pubic hair, the aunt ridiculed him with a smile. "Many kids have already taken this operation when they were just born. This is called capistration. What's pitiful boy is that you did not discover this problem before. But when you wanted to be a man, you realized it cannot work!"

The aunt hit it directly, leaving Zhang Tie, whose pants and underwear had been taken off, lying on the operation table, feeling embarrassed all over. He had not been that embarrassed since he was born.

After shaving his pubic hair, the aunt brought a basin of water before washing it. Zhang Tie was overly embarrassed during the entire process. When she moved his 'bird' back and forth, the relentless guy abruptly became as hard as iron. Seeing that, the nurse kept giggling while washing it.

"I did not imagine that you've got such a great 'root'" Saying this, the aunt forcefully flicked his 'bird' using two hands, leaving an unexpected stimulative to Zhang Tie, whose face turned red all over in a split second.

'I've been played by an aunt?' After experiencing it for the first time, Zhang Tie felt hot blood rushing downside, making the thing below as hard as iron.

When a man's hot blood rushed down, he would find every part of the woman before him beautiful. Like now, this 30-something nurse in Zhang Tie's eyes became a bit enchanting. All in a sudden, the nurse's chest, waist, and bottom were full of an alluring sense of mature and sexy woman.

Instinctively, Zhang Tie moved his hand to her bottom.

It was very huge and soft. Although scared by his own audacious move, Zhang Tie truly felt it very stimulative.

The nurse only cast a glance at him with a smile. She then continued to help him clean it. During the process, Zhang Tie's heart pounded as he felt very stimulated by touching the nurse's butt using one hand with a layer of white nurse uniform in the middle.

Soon after, she cleaned it up. The nurse then forcefully patted Zhang Tie's untamed thing like punishing it down. "Wait a moment, the doctor will come soon!"

Then, she took the water away. Lying on the operation table, Zhang Tie was still recalling that nice feeling in his hand. This was his first time touching such a mature woman. Compared to Alice, Beverly, and Pandora, a mature woman seemed to have another special taste.

The wait passed by quickly. After lying on the table for a few minutes, a doctor came in.

It was a male doctor in a mask and hat. Zhang Tie couldn't clearly see his face. After sterilization and anesthesia, in less than ten minutes, Zhang Tie became senseless. He could only feel a bit of icyness on that thing. After a circle cut, the entire operation was completed.

Once the doctor left, the nurse carefully daubed medicine onto his wound before bundling it using gauze. Afterwards, she told Zhang Tie that he could put on his pants and underwear after getting off the table.

When he sat up, Zhang Tie looked at his thing, which was as ugly as a mummy bundled in a gauze with only the head exposed. The red-white scene was really dazzling——it was really too ugly! Additionally, covered in gauze, it felt heavy and uncomfortable, at least not as free as usual.

"Here is the gauze and medicine. Three days later, you can change medicine and the gauze by yourself. If you recover fast, it'll be okay in a week or so. Before it recovers, you should not do too many excessive activities. Watch your health. Wear loose pants so as to lessen the rubbing against it. Before going to bed, drink less. Additionally, don't think about doing bad things; otherwise you will suffer a lot!"

After telling him about the taboos, she handed a small roll of gauze and a vial of medicine to Zhang Tie. "The anesthetic effect will disappear after a while, so it'll be a bit painful for the next few days. Stand it!"

"Thanks!" Thinking of his aggressive move not long ago, Zhang Tie abruptly felt embarrassed. "Er... back then... sorry about that!"

"No need..." The nurse smiled carelessly. "Once stimulated, you kids will always be curious about doing something. That's very normal. However, at least that indicates that I'm still enchanting..."

Looking at the smiling nurse, Zhang Tie learned it that mature women would become beautiful by smiling.

"Er... will it be very painful after the anesthetic effect disappears?"

"It will feel painful for a few days. But it's still bearable. It will be okay if you don't let blood rush towards it and make it hard." Saying that, the nurse touched Zhang Tie's head. "Today, one more bad brat was made capable of bullying girls. Remember to treat well your beloved girl!"

"I know!"

Zhang Tie felt embarrassed, and scratched his head before smiling awkwardly.

After chatting with Zhang Tie for awhile and telling him about the taboos, the nurse arranged the items on the operation table and twisted her waist away.

Walking out of the operation room, Zhang Tie suddenly realized that he could be a man like others in a few days. He then felt his life being filled with sunshine and wonderful things...

...

The anesthetic effect started to disappear five minutes after Zhang Tie had left the hospital. The wound started to feel painful. But after surviving through the countless agonizing experiences in the numerous miserable practices in the Trouble-Reappearance Scenes, Zhang Tie cared nothing for this bit of pain.

During the last hour, he had removed the biggest obstacle in his path of becoming a man and bravely flirted with a nurse. Such an experience made Zhang Tie feel unbelievably proud of himself.

He felt so good, knowing that his spring will come soon. In one more week, he would be a real man, a man who could defeat women.

After leaving the hospital, Zhang Tie walked straight towards Doner's grocery store near the railway station of Blackhot City.

Under the military control, many places in Blackhot City became somewhat depressed since soldiers in dark-red military uniforms of No. 39 Division could be seen patrolling everywhere around the city. However, unexpectedly, that flea market beside the railway station was more bustling than before. The population flow there was at least 30% greater than before.

Donder remained unchanged the past three months. When Zhang Tie entered the grocery store, he found the man with his head lowered, calculating on an abacus before an account book.



* * *





Chapter 165




Hearing Zhang Tie's cough, Donder raised his head from behind the counter. However, he didn't show any surprise, just revealed his teeth.

"Brat, you've come back here. Do you want me to invite you for a lunch?"

"Yea!"

Zhang Tie revealed an innocent smile and honestly nodded.

"No way!"

Donder's face immediately looked as hard as the door plank of the grocery store.

"If so, I will go then. Previously I thought that if you invited me for a lunch, I'll give you something as a payment for your care for me in the past years..."

After saying that, Zhang Tie pretended to leave.

"Heh heh. You want to cheat me with this trick. Brat, don't forget that I taught it to you. I've already played and become tired of this trick dozens of years ago..."

Donder smirked behind the counter, seemingly having seen through Zhang Tie's lie.

Without saying anything else, Zhang Tie just pulled out of the original book Mental Arithmetic by Abacus from one pocket inside his coat and waved it before Donder. With only one wave, he was sure that Donder must have already clearly seen the capitalized Chinese characters on the cover.

As was expected, when Zhang Tie pretended to leave again, Donder stopped him from behind the counter. "Wait a moment..."

Zhang Tie then turned back and stared at Donder with a smile. "How about that, you've changed your mind?"

"Wait a moment, I'll have somebody send the alcohol and dishes to our store. We'll talk here then. After two months, you look changed. You're taller now..."

Donder revealed a big smile.

Waving his head, Zhang Tie said, "Immortals Gathering Hotel!"

"What?" Although with that same smile on his face, Donder jumped up from like having been poked. He became infuriated and swore, "Bastard, do you know how much it would cost me to have a meal in Immortals Gathering Hotel? That is the most expensive Chinese hotel in Blackhot City. As it's chaotic now, the price of a meal there would be at least twice of one before!"

Zhang Tie didn't care one bit what Donder was talking about. Turning away, he went through the door.

"How about Delicacies House? That's also a nearby Chinese hotel. The dishes there are also good!"

Donder hurriedly rushed out from behind the counter.

Zhang Tie turned back and repeated for Donder's benefit, "Immortals Gathering Hotel!"

Donder gritted his teeth and glared at Zhang Tie, intending to find something in the latter's expression, but Zhang Tie looked calm, that's all. After struggling for quite a while, Donder finally compromised, "Brat, you win! If you dare to cheat me, I'll beat the sh*t out of you!"

Zhang Tie laughed loudly and pulled Donder away.

"Wait a moment, I've got a few pages not calculated yet!"

Zhang Tie walked over there. He took up the grocery's account book, and only after a simple glance, he started to jostle down numbers on the result column. Then he turned to another page, and with another glance, he wrote down a couple more numbers, after which he turned to the third page and scrawled down the rest of the results.

In less than ten seconds, he had calculated all the three pages which would have taken Donder ten minutes to finish it.

"It's done!"

Putting down the pencil, Zhang Tie patted his hands.

"Bad*ss, what are you scrawling on my account book..."

Dumbfounded for a while by what Zhang Tie was doing, Donder rushed over there, glaring at Zhang Tie with the solemnity of a funeral ceremony. After tthat, he hurriedly took up the abacus and started to calculate the numbers.

In less than three minutes, Donder's expression had changed. On the first page, none of the numbers written down by Zhang Tie were wrong.

'How could he be that fast? Even with mental arithmetic, one could not know all the results with merely one glance.'

Donder had no idea that Zhang Tie's mental arithmetic by abacus had reached a level that could not even be imagined by the boy himself after surging three more times. With merely one glance over the numbers, the answers appeared in his mind, which was one hundred times sharper than the common mental arithmetic in modern times.

"Do you believe me now?" Zhang Tie waited to the side until Donder twisted his face and looked at him with a doubtful expression. "Don't worry about the other calculations. Don't waste anymore time!"

"When did you learn such sharp mental arithmetic?"

"That’s not mental arithmetic, but a side effect of Mental Arithmetic by Abacus..."

"Side effect?" Donder asked with disbelief.

"Side effect!" Zhang Tie confirmed, nodding his head.

Donder finally revealed a big smile on his face. "Well, Immortals Gathering Hotel!"

...

Immortals Gathering Hotel was the most advanced Chinese hotel in Blackhot City. Before everything, eating here for Zhang Tie was almost as difficult as climbing into the sky. The lowest per capita consumption here was never less than one gold coin.

Before the entrance to the Immortals Gathering Hotel were a pair of stony lions with Chinese characters. It was heard that the architectural style of the entire hotel was Chinese classical style: gray tiles, cornices, verdant trees, and red windows. The architectural style was unique in Blackhot City.

On the Horizontal Board were three Chinese characters 'Immortals Gathering Hotel' and two huge vertical columns with two Chinese couplets on them:

——Under a half burned oil lamp, one holds half a cup of alcohol and enjoys a fraction of happiness in the human world, though half-drunk.

——With immortal pals, friends, dishes, and alcohol, one invites fairy maidens to share the drink in the immortal house.

These couplets surrounded the three Capitalized Chinese characters in the middle: Immortals Gathering Hotel!

There was only one hotel like this in the whole of Blackhot City.

After entering through the gate of the Immortals Gathering Hotel, they saw a rock garden with rivulets flowing down and across. Two rows of blondes with plump breasts greeted them in skintight cheongsam[1] with openings reaching their thigh.

The moment Donder and Zhang Tie entered, the two rows of blondes bowed together towards them, saying in an orthodox Chinese 'Welcome', which really shocked Zhang Tie.

Ever since he was born, it was his first time seeing so many foreign girls speak Chinese in unison.

The pale yet elegant skintight cheongsom, black high-heel shoes, snow white legs, and the plump breasts that were exposed through their 'V-shaped' collar when the blondes lowered their heads almost made Zhang Tie's head spin.

Donder walking in front did not pay attention to the bowing women since he was used to it. However, Zhang Tie abruptly felt his legs go soft and almost fell down.

"What's wrong?" Donder glanced at Zhang Tie with uncertainty. "Weird, what's wrong with you today?"

At this time, cold sweat had already covered Zhang Tie's forehead. Just now, when he caught sight of the lined pairs of plump breasts, his untamed thing reacted, causing a sharp pain between his legs. Just having been circumcised, that spirited thing pained Zhang Tie so much that he almost went down and squatted on the ground.

"It's okay, it's okay!" Zhang Tie said with a trace of fear and wiped off the cold sweat from his forehead.

After, he slowly picked himself up.

'I forgot about this!'

Zhang Tie swore inside. His original plan was to let Donder bleed by spending a lot to invite him to the Immortals Gathering Hotel, the most expensive hotel in Blackhot City, which Zhang Tie had no chance to have ever visited before. Unexpectedly, he was almost killed by the cheongsam blondes outside the hotel.

With narrowed eyes, Donder glanced at Zhang Tie, then the beautiful and sexy greeting girls. Immediately, he revealed a shadow of obscene smile at the corner of his mouth.

Straightening, Zhang Tie didn't dare to look around anymore, just followed Donder inside.

"I want a quiet chartered room. Two more waiters to help lift my younger fellow who has something wrong with his body!" Donder ordered. For some reason, he emphasized the words 'younger fellow'.

With a blow of fragrant wind, two blondes arrived and started to lift Zhang Tie's arms enthusiastically.

Before refusing them, the moment he smelt the fragrance, Zhang Tie was greatly pained again and squatted down. It was his turn to glare at Donder this time.

"You're doing this on purpose, aren't you?"

"What are you talking about? What am I doing on purpose? "Donder rebutted with an innocent expression, shrugging his shoulders.

"You must have known about my thing. You dare to say that you don't know what I'm talking about? You're just playing with me!"

The blondes standing aside stared at the two people quarreling at the entrance of the Immortals Gathering Hotel with eyes wide-open.

"Do you mean you've had circumcision today?" Donder pretended to think about it for a quite while before he shouted it out. It was so loud that even people from 30 m away could hear it.

After his scream, many blondes standing nearby burst out laughing when they caught sight of Zhang Tie's awkward look squatting down on the ground. Afterwards, they realized that it was impolite to do that, so they forcefully stood it. However, they started to glance at that place under his abdomen.

'Revenge, this was definitely revenge. Donder the bastard loudly revealed my secret in public to shame me, forcing me to change to another place. I'll make him pay for it!'

Zhang Tie gritted his teeth and picked himself up from the ground without peering at the beauties nearby anymore, instead, he shouted out loudly, "Where's your most expensive chartered room? Take me in, I'm hungry!"

This time, it was Donder's turn to twist his face.

Several minutes later, in a luxurious chartered room of Immortals Gathering Hotel, Zhang Tie started to order dishes. Each dish he ordered would make Donder's fat face painfully quiver. When he ordered the eighth dish, Donder started to gaze at him with fury.

"Bad *ss, can you even eat so many dishes?" he painfully screamed out.

Zhang Tie didn't ignore him but asked a waiter standing next to him, "Can I take them away if I can't eat them all?"

"No. The food and dishes in Immortals Gathering Hotel can only be taken away in your stomach," the waiter politely answered.

"Alright. I'll then just taste some more..."

Zhang Tie laughed loudly and ordered eight more dishes before stopping with satisfaction.

By the time he did so, Donder was already gasping with red eyes on the other side of the table.

The older man asked, "Have you finished then?"

"Yes, I have!" Zhang Tie gave him a big smile.

"Well, it's my turn now!" After saying that, Donder turned to the waiter. "Please send me two blondes. I want the coquettish ones with little clothing."

After saying that, Donder glared at Zhang Tie who was also ferociously glowering at him.

"I've forgotten, I want lark-dragoon soup!"

Zhang Tie gritted his teeth and added one more dish.

"Two blondes are too few, I want two more: one on our right side, and the other on our left side. That would be more interesting!"

Donder gnashed his teeth.

"We have to drink alcohol. I want one bottle of Cloud-Immortal Alcohol!"

Zhang Tie clenched his teeth.

"We have to have dancers for alcohol. Go fetch me one voluptuous dancer here, the sexier, the better!"

Donder added one more dish for Zhang Tie.

The two then furiously glared at each other while panting like fighting roosters, killing intent filling their eyes, the reason for which could only be understood by them alone.

Feeling not right in the room, the waiter silently slid out...

Several minutes later, along with dozens of yummy dishes came a group of charming and plump blondes, accompanied by two qin [2] and drum musicians.

This meal was very painful for both Zhang Tie and Donder. Donder's heart bled for the high costs while Zhang Tie felt real pain in his wounded flesh.

It took them over an hour to finish this meal; they both looked pretty rigid by its end. Donder's fat face twitched every now and then while Zhang Tie's sweat kept rolling down his forehead. This meal almost made the two of them faint.

In the end, looking at the awkward expression of the opponent, one of them forced a smile and then the two of them burst out laughing at the same time.

Donder waved his hand to let all the dancers and musicians move away.

"Brat, you win. I've not been madder at anyone in the past dozens of years. I feel that many years younger being around you. How about that? Do you still hurt now?" Donder asked.

"Thankfully, I found that drinking alcohol can relieve pain and transfer one's attention! Later on, if anyone dares to say that you're mean, I'll spit all over his face. This meal will cost you at least 5-6 gold coins."

Zhang Tie also relaxed and leaned against the chair. The past hour was really a torture for him. It was no different from suffering a criminal penalty and more torturous than staying in the dark cell.

"5-6 gold coins? Rustic. It's not enough to even pay the women. Plus the dishes and two gold coins' chartering fee, it will at least cost me 15 gold coins!" Donder widely opened his eyes as he shouted loudly.

Zhang Tie sighed inside as 15 gold coins were even higher than his dad's one-year salary. When he was driven angry just now, he hadn't realized that, but after recovering his composure, he started to realize that it was a really great harm to Donder. It would take his grocery store at least two months to make 15 gold coins at a normal speed.

So after hearing that, Zhang Tie felt embarrassed and scratched his head. After thinking for a while, he directly pulled out of the book Mental Arithmetic by Abacus from inside his coat and threw it to Donder, who was sitting on the opposite end of the table.

Donder solemnly took it and seriously skimmed it from beginning to end. As a person who excelled at making calculations on a real abacus, of course, he understood the basic principles of Mental Arithmetic by Abacus.

"Hmm, this is a mental arithmetic based on virtual abacus. It's fashionable and one level superior to directly calculating on a real abacus. You didn't cheat me, brat. This meal is worthwhile!"

After reading the entire book, Donder satisfactorily nodded before putting it into his coat.

Hearing Donder's reply, Zhang Tie smiled, shaking his head.

Donder was stunned.

"What? Am I not right?"

Zhang Tie didn't speak but pointed at his own mouth, shaping his mouth in silent words 'spiritual energy'.

Since Donder had taught him the lip reading skill, which was a communicative skill used by many pioneers, Zhang Tie was sure that the older men could clearly understand what he was saying.

They were in a chartered room in a hotel, so Zhang Tie had to be careful. Now even if someone was eavesdropping, he could not hear anything about the secret.

As expected, seeing Zhang Tie's mouth shapes, Donder was dumbfounded. His eyes popped out with disbelief.

So Zhang Tie continued by moving his lips, "By practicing mental arithmetic by abacus, you can improve your spiritual energy. I've tried it. This might be the easiest way for everybody to grasp the secret to improve one's spiritual energy..."

Shocked, Donder picked himself up from the ground where he had crashed next to the table. He opened his mouth, seemingly wanting to shout out from amazement, but he knew better and covered his mouth with a hand.

In any place, any method that could be used to raise one's spiritual energy would be very important.

He then just gazed at Zhang Tie without even winking.

Zhang Tie nodded seriously.

...

After departing from Donder and returning home, it was almost dark. On the way back home, Zhang Tie took a look at the grains store. He found that the price of 25 kg of rice had truly risen to 10 silver coins, which was twice as high as three months ago. Such a high price would definitely lay a heavy burden on many commoners. Although it was not very severe, not to the point of the sky collapsing anyway, such a high rise had already greatly influenced many families' daily lives. They started to live in a more frugal way.

In the afternoon, Zhang Tie had also went to the Iron-Thorns Fighting Club. What made him disappointed was that the gate of the fighting club was tightly closed this time. It seemed to have been suspended for a few days.

In the past month, many things in Blackhot City had changed.

Avenue Bright, the most prosperous place in Blackhot City seemed to have lost its original brilliance. Almost one third of the stores had been closed. As to the rest, although they opened, they weren't as sought out as before.

In the entire Avenue Bright, many roadside stores and houses were marked with transfer and for sale.

The prices of fixed assets in Blackhot City like real estates started to sharply decline; many people were dumping them. In contrast, the prices of daily necessities like food, weapons, and medicine materials had started to surge. Even prices of resources like coal, iron, and steel had started to slowly raise. This was the current condition of Blackhot City that Zhang Tie saw after circling around for half a day. It did not look like a promising sign.

When Zhang Tie slowly returned home, he found that the door of his house was encircled by a great many people, making the outside of his house noisy. It seemed that someone was stirring up trouble there...

...

[1]‘The cheongsam is a body-hugging one-piece Chinese dress for women, also known as qipao.

[2]'Qin' is a classical Chinese seven-stringed plucked musical instrument in someways similar to a zither.



* * *





Chapter 166




Bagdad looked outstanding among the crowd because of his height. Besides him, Zhang Tie also caught sight of Barley, Hista, Leit, and Doug. With the exception of Sharwin, all the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood had gathered here.

There were more than 30 people circling the door of his house, making it noisy over there. Besides the members of the Brotherhood and the group of Gods Bliss Association, Zhang Tie also saw Captain Kerlin and Mr. Zerom along with the other two teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee. As for the other people, some of them were onlookers while the rest were loudly shouting.

After taking in that scene, Zhang Tie knew that the event of when he had broken Zuhair's neck in the canteen of Wild Wolf Castle had finally broken out after a few days' development.

Judging by how much time had passed since everyone returned to now, the duel was about to start. Zuhair's family would have had enough time after receiving the notice of their boy's death to figure out Zhang Tie's background, and most likely, prepare well to start a duel with him.

A bunch of people were surrounding the house. Someone wanted to rush inside, but Zhang Tie's elder brother forcefully held them back with an excuse that Zhang Tie was not home. However, there were still someone who didn't believe that and tried to use force to enter the house to find him.

A person jumped at Zhang Tie's elder brother, shouting out loudly, "Call Zhang Tie out. He killed my younger brother. Now, according to the rules of the Norman Empire, I would like to challenge him to a duel. Don't be as timid as a rabbit!"

"Come out, come out, call the killer out! If Zhang Tie doesn't come out, we will go in!"

Many people started to clamor.

"Zhang Tie is definitely not at home. Wait a moment, don't be impulsive..." Barley tried to reason with the crowd.

Several teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee in the survival training stood a bit farther away with neutral stances. They didn't take sides with either of the two parties. According to the rules of the Norman Empire, their role now was only act as witnesses of a fair duel between Zuhair's family members and Zhang Tie. This was also one of the aftermath tasks of survival training.

"Zhang Tie must have hidden himself. He wants to escape from the duel. Let's rush inside to catch him!" someone started to loudly shout from the crowd, inciting others to break through.

"Who dare to come in, this father will slay him here!" Zhang Tie's elder brother roared, immediately pulling out the long sword on his waist and pointing it at those who wanted to rush into the house.

Seeing Zhang Tie's elder brother pulling out his long sword, the one who was jumping up in the crowd did not hesitate to pull out his own long sword too. At the same time, the sounds of 'ceng', 'ceng', 'ceng' could be heard everywhere. Many people had already pulled out their long swords, bringing a dense smell of iron in the air. Seeing this, some onlookers hurriedly ran away.

"Who said I was hiding?"

At the most dangerous moment, Zhang Tie's voice could be heard. Everybody turned their heads to see him slowly walk towards them on the sidewalk.

At the sight of him, his elder brother looked a bit worried, while the eyes of the members of the Brotherhood were filled with concern. In contrast, the inciters' eyes were filled with pleasure at his misfortune.

The crowd separated, allowing Zhang Tie to calmly walk through.

"You're Zhang Tie?"

At the sight of Zhang Tie, that person who had been in confrontation with his elder brother turned back and ferociously glared at him.

Judging from that person's face, which was a bit similar to Zuhair's, Zhang Tie guessed who that person was.

"You're Zuhair's elder brother?"

"Right, was it you who killed Zuhair in the survival training?"

"Right, he deserved to die, so I killed him!" Zhang Tie calmly admitted it.

Hearing that, the person walked towards Zhang Tie, a long sword in his hand...

At that moment, a hand stopped him. Zerom had moved to stand between the two.

"It is your right to start a duel with Zhang Tie; Zhang Tie cannot refuse it. However, the duel has to proceed with fairness. Private killing in revenge is definitely forbidden, unless you want to be a murderer who is wanted across the Norman Empire. "

That person then stopped and glared at Zhang Tie with a death-filled look before forcefully returning his long sword into the sheath on his waist.

During this period, Zhang Tie greeted the surrounding friends and relatives with a smile, including Captain Kerlin and the teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee. His careless look made the guys who were casting furious glare at him gnash their teeth.

"Zhang Tie, in the survival training, based on the rules of barbarous survival training of the Norman Empire, you killed Zuhair in public, so you should face any request for a duel from anyone of Zuhair's blood-tied relatives within three generations. You cannot refuse it. I have to warn you that in the duel, like how when you killed Zuhair, Zuhair's family members will not assume any responsibility if they kill you!" Zerom warned Zhang Tie once more with a solemn expression.

"Thanks for you warning, Mr. Zerom. I accept the request for a duel from Zuhair's family at any time and any place!" he calmly said, his expression not changing at all. Since the day he had killed Zuhair, he was waiting for today.

Zhang Tie's calm made even Mr. Zerom and Captain Kerlin, who had been staring at him, a bit startled. With the exception of Zhang Tie's elder brother, nobody at the present, including Zerom and Captain Kerlin, knew that Zhang Tie had encountered many things since he returned home two days ago. Now, he was not the same boy of before.

"According to the dueling rules of the Norman Empire, long-ranged weapons like bows and arrows, javelins, hidden weapons, and crossbow bolts, as well as pets, riding, and poisonous substances are prohibited. Each dueler can only bring two weapons at most. I have to warn you of this in advance; it was especially requested by Zuhair's family members!" a teacher standing nearby warned Zhang Tie once again.

"I know!"

Zhang Tie nodded.

"Now that you've agreed, here is the duel certificate. You two sign on it. According to the laws of the Norman Empire, the duel will start seven days after the signing of this certificate. It will be held at your school, the Seventh National Male Middle School. You two have one week to prepare for it. During the period, according to laws of the Norman Empire, if either of you runs away from this duel, he will become a wanted man across the whole Norman Empire. After being caught, the one that had escaped would be lowered to become a guilty slave while his family members' status would also be degraded. "

After saying this, the teacher pulled out a drafted duel certificate from his pocket and let Zhang Tie and Zuhair's elder brother sign on it.

After a ferocious glare at Zhang Tie, Zuhair's elder brother took the pencil and signed his name without any hesitation.

When Zhang Tie took the pen, his elder brother rushed and shouted loudly, "I will participate in this duel on behalf of my younger brother!"

"No, this duel can only be accepted by Zhang Tie himself. No one else can represent him!"

With a shake of his head, Captain Kerlin stretched out his arm to stop Zhang Yang who was driven to a bout of impulsiveness.

"Bighead..!" the members of the Brotherhood started to shout in unison.

Zhang Tie just smiled at them, who cared about his well-being, before signing his name on the duel certificate without any hesitation. When he did so, he learned that Zuhair's elder brother was named Sodor.

After Zhang Tie signed his name, Sodor burst out laughing. Glaring at Zhang Tie, he sniggered, "Brat, you've seven days left, pray for yourself. Seven days later, I'll break your bones before chopping off your head to make you pay for Zuhair!"

"Idiot!"

Zhang Tie showed the whites of his eyes, not caring about the man before him at all.

'What's Sodor's level, LV 4, LV5, or LV 6? Ma Long in the dark cell looked much more powerful than him. I don't need to worry about the duel with him at all!'

After achieving their goal here, Sodor and his men left. They were no longer afraid that Zhang Tie would escape anymore. If he ran now, they would be even happier as a guilty slave and the family that contained a guilty slave would suffer a lot.

As Sodor and his men left, Captain Kerlin and the other teachers who had witnessed and arranged the signing of the duel also left in case of gossip.

When Captain Kerlin was about to leave, Zhang Tie called him, "Captain Kerlin!"

"I'm not captain anymore, call me Instructor Kerlin!"

The one-eyed man forced out a helpless smile. The City Guard had already ceased to exist except in name. The one-eyed man felt shamed by letting others call him captain anymore. The appellation that he liked before sounded a bit jarring now.

"Thank you!"

Zhang Tie sincerely bowed in front of the one-eyed man. If this person hadn't presented him the book of Iron-Blood Fist skill, although alive, Zhang Tie would have never been set up this well.

Scratching his head, the one-eyed man asked, "What for?"

"Do you remember what you told me on that night when I was recuperating in the Wild Wolf Castle? Because of a couple reasons, I've become that one in a hundred now!"

Zhang Tie believed that the one-eyed man could understand what he was talking about.

As expected, upon hearing Zhang Tie's words, the one-eyed man became stunned for awhile before widely opening his eyes and staring at Zhang Tie, like having seen a ghost.

Finally, the one-eyed man took a deep breath to recover his composure. "Perhaps this was the best decision that I've made in my life. I'll be expecting to see your performance seven days later!"

After saying this, he glanced at Zhang Tie again before leaving. Most of the onlookers already left by now.

This left only the members of the Brotherhood outside Zhang Tie's house.

As soon as they heard that Sodor was here to request a duel with Zhang Tie, Barley and the other members of the Brotherhood had rushed over. In the past two days, the news that Zhang Tie had killed Zuhair spread like wildfire. It went not only through their school, but others, too. The event became the biggest news among the students that had attended this survival training in Blackhot City.

The Brotherhood always kept an eye on how this event was developing. Previously, they had set to gather tomorrow, but unexpectedly, Sodor, the elder brother of Zuhair, had decided to find Zhang Tie trouble today. In case their friend might suffer a big loss when he met Sodor, they hurriedly followed the mass here to boost their companion's morale.

Knowing that Zhang Tie had something to explain to his family members, Barley and the other members of the Brotherhood also left after warning Zhang Tie to be careful.

But before Barley could leave, Zhang Tie had pulled him close to whisper something in his ear. Upon hearing the words, Barley popped out his eyes.

Zhang Tie had told him two things: first, he was already LV 4 now and had formed Iron-Blood hidden strength; second, he was a second lieutenant of No. 39 Division of Iron-Horn Army of the Norman Empire.

...

Even after leaving the Zhang house several hundreds meters behind, Barley still felt his head humming. At the same time, his legs felt soft, like stepping onto cotton. While Hista and Bagdad were concerned and discussed the duel in seven days, only Leit found that Barley was a bit absent-minded.

On a path with fewer people, Leit asked, "Barley, what did Bighead tell you just now. You don't look good."

Woken up by Leit, Barley shook his head before looking around and realizing that they were already far away from Zhang's family.

"It's not convenient to talk about it just now. Bighead told me two things, he wanted me to tell you not to worry about his duel!"

"What?"

Everybody curiously stared at Barley .

Barley made a hand gesture for the four people move closer to him. Afterwards, he repeated the two things that Zhang Tie had told him which made all the other animals dumbfounded...

...

The moment Zhang Tie returned home, he saw his mom's worrisome look. Without any hesitation, he directly knelt down in front of her when he entered the house.

"Mom, sorry, you son made you worried once again..."

Previously, as Sodor and his men were shouting outside the door by requesting a duel with Zhang Tie, his mom had heard them all, including how Zhang Tie had killed Zuhair in the survival training. Touching Zhang Tie's face and seeing him kneeling down in front of her, his mom immediately burst into tears.

Although he had described the survival training life as simple and interesting as living in the suburbs, nobody knew how much bitterness and how many dangers he had experienced. What happened today broke the white lie that Zhang Tie had fabricated before his dad and mom, exposing the troubles that he had experienced in the survival training to them.

"Tell me how you've suffered a lot and encountered many dangers in this survival training, even almost losing your life! Mom knows your temperament. If not being forced to that degree, you would never kill anyone!"

Zhang Tie nodded and tears slipped down his cheeks. "They didn't want me to come back alive. I didn't want to be set up or see mom cry holding my ash case everyday. So I killed him. Will you forgive me, mom?"

"It's all my fault, I couldn't even protect my own younger brother, leaving you to be bullied by others..." Zhang Yang's tears also fell down his face, and he knelt down in front of mom. "Mom, just condemn me!"

"I will not condemn either of you. Zhang Tie, well done..." Touching her sons' faces, their mom also started crying as she spoke in a tone as hard as iron and steel. "Remember, from today on, no matter who wants to kill you brothers, even if the emperor, kill them all! Your dad and I are very satisfied with you two. As long as you two can survive, your dad and I will feel like we've not lived in vain. If there's something wrong with you brothers' lives, your dad and I will not feel like living on either.

"So if you meet something that endangers your lives, don't care about your dad and I, just look after yourselves and live on well. This is what we would like to see most. Remember, you're from Zhang family, and you are Chinese. We Chinese is one most honorable human race, and the reincarnation of the Heaven's Dao. As a big family, Zhang is an honorable family name. We Chinese Zhang prefer to fight to death instead of kneeling down to seek for survival, in the sky or under the ground. Nobody can bully our Zhang family in this world..."



* * *





Chapter 167




The day after circumcision was most insufferable. Before the untamed thing's head was completely exposed, as long as he put on his pants and took a walk, the friction between its head and the underwear would stimulate Zhang Tie so his body quivered all over. So he had to be meticulous even for a walk.

Besides, the wounds also started to hurt.

It was estimated that the anesthetic effect wouldn't completely wear off instantly, so he didn't feel very painful on that very day. However, on the second day, after all the senses had absolutely recovered, the impact of the operation was fully displayed. Thinking back to that he and Donder had even got in a fight in the Immortals Gathering Hotel, which left him to be tortured by several women fetched by Donder, Zhang Tie's sweat beaded all over his forehead. If it was today, he would never do it as it was too foolish.

Two days later, he would have to leave home and register in the Iron-Blood Camp. Six days later, he would face the first duel in his life.

Considering that it was not comfortable to move, Zhang Tie had to stay at home honestly.

In the eyes of dad and mom, he had truly grown up this time.

Zhang Tie's dad was also taking a rest today. Due to various reasons, the factory that he worked in suffered from an inefficient capacity utilization rate this last month.

Dad said that some Norman Empire's engineers were employed in their factory. They were commissioning several new installation modules on the assembly line of the factory. After the installation of the modules, the factory would produce uniformed steel components. The Norman Empire's engineers said the components were the composite modules of a battle castle. After that, half of the production capacity in his dad's steel mill would be used to produce the composite modules of battle castles.

After devouring Blackhot City, the Norman Empire had started to digest the production of Blackhot City on all aspects. The output of those overtaken productions had only one target - preparing for the war.

This made Zhang Tie slightly muddle-headed. Did it mean that the decision makers of the Norman Empire were preparing for an incoming even bigger war? Zhang Tie recalled Zerom's words from the survival training, 'the chaotic world is coming', and his heart pounded swifter with a feeling of urgency.

Sometimes, what was known by big figures would not be known by small figures. This was small figures' grief. The science teacher called this information asymmetry, which indicated the asymmetry between real forces, benefits, and people's rights.

It was said that before the Catastrophe there was a miraculous tool called the Internet. It could help people to keep in touch with each other even hundreds of millions miles away. Everyone could share their news with other people. The Internet could connect everybody on the entire continent. People could easily acquire large amounts of knowledge from the Internet and also learn what happened across the entire continent, even in the most remote areas.

That was humanity's first time using magic called science and technologies to construct an information sharing platform that covered all the human kind. The largest advantage of this kind of platform was the reduction of the information asymmetry between benefits and real forces due to different knowledge levels between people of different standing, greatly advancing social fairness. Commoners all liked this Internet and used their every effort to develop this Internet. However, some big figures who wanted to use information asymmetry to maintain their ruling position and vested interests hated it very much and did all they good to destroy it.

This battle didn't end until the appearance of the Catastrophe and the Star of the God, which grabbed away the marvelous Internet from human beings forever, sending them back to the age of extreme information asymmetry...

After the operation, Zhang Tie stayed at home for two days, during which he calmly lived with his family members and recuperated.

He didn't plan to go outside these days if there was nothing urgent to deal with. Every second at home was precious for him. However, on the early morning of the third day after he took the circumcision, a little boy brought a letter to Zhang Tie's house. Reading it, Zhang Tie had to put on informal clothes and go out again.

It was Donder who had written the letter, asking Zhang Tie to come to the grocery store today no matter what.

The calligraphy of the letter was very familiar. There was even a very hard to locate hidden mark that Donder had taught him to identify whether the letter was true or not.

The little boy said that the boss of the grocery store had given him one silver coin to deliver the letter here.

Zhang Tie didn't doubt the little boy's words, but he became somewhat curious about when Donder had become this generous. A silver coin? If it was a normal day, that mean guy would not even pay ten copper coins.

After telling his family members, Zhang Tie went out. He spent several copper coins for a trolleybus and arrived at Donder's grocery store in less than 20 minutes.

The grocery store had not opened today, leaving only one door half opened, seemingly waiting for Zhang Tie. He entered and saw Donder counting something with another person over the counter.

"Wait a moment, I'll soon be free!" Donder told Zhang Tie after turning a head to see his entrance. He then continuing counting the items in the store.

Zhang Tie knew the person who was working together with Donder. He was Faires, a guy as thin as a monkey and the boss of another, bigger grocery store near the flea market of the railway station. In the past two years, as he had looked with interest at Donder's grocery store's location, he had tried many times to buy it, but previously, Donder had never agreed. Yet judging from the present scene, Donder must have sold his grocery store to him this time.

For some reason, Zhang Tie felt that Donder's personality was totally different from before.

Zhang Tie then calmly waited for more than ten minutes before the two shop owners finished counting the goods.

After that, Faires satisfactorily covered his account book and said in a tentative way, "Mr. Donder, the records on your account book well match the items in your grocery store. You know, as Blackhot City is suffering from a depressed economy and many stores have already closed, many rich men have also left. Therefore I might not give you as much as before!"

"What's your price!" Donder calmly asked.

"60% of the previous price; plus your store and the goods inside, 300 gold coins in all; how about that?" Faires's eyes glittered with a shadow of cunning as he observed Donder's expression.

Hearing this price, Donder still kept silent while Zhang Tie almost jumped up. Even though the Blackhot City had experienced the crisis, the business of this grocery store was not influenced that much.

On the contrary, its business even improved in the past three months. Due to the large amount of human flow near the railway station, this place was even more bustling than before. Even if the Blackhot City's properties were a bit devalued, the items in this store were already worth a lot by themselves. For instance, that powerful rat poison and those crystals. 300 gold coins were really too low.

Donder opened his mouth. "400 gold coins!"

For some reason, Donder, who was always complaining normally, only reported his quotation, nothing more.

Faires tried his best to calmly observe Donder's face with a pair of brown eyes for over ten seconds, seemingly wanting to see through something. In the end, he didn't even bargain anymore, just nodded. "Fine, 400 gold coins!"

After that, Faires called the notary who brought the transaction text. Donder then took out the certificate of the store while Faires took out 400 gold coins, the notary fee, and other taxes. Soon after, they completed the trade.

"I need a lad who knows this place. The first year, I'll pay you 35 silver coins a month; the second year, you'll receive a trading bonus. If you can do it well, I'll promote you to a manager. How about coming over to help me?"

Out of Zhang Tie's expectation, after the trading, Faires thought about employing him to continue working here for him.

"Thanks, I've got another job!" Zhang Tie politely refused.

Faires felt pity as he stared at Zhang Tie. "Never mind, if you want to work here, I'll welcome you at any time! It's really difficult to foster a lad who knows what he's doing!"

"Let's go then!" Donder told Zhang Tie after putting away his purse. They then left the grocery store.

Donder looked strange today. Zhang Tie felt like saying something the whole time, but he had forgotten how to open his mouth. Although Donder selling his grocery store had nothing to do with him, not knowing the reason for it, still left Zhang Tie unsatisfied.

After walking roughly 50 m with Donder, Zhang Tie finally couldn't stand it anymore. "Why did you sell the grocery store?"

Donder turned his head and peered at Zhang Tie. He then shook his head. "I thought that you could hold it a bit longer, but it seems that you're still not that stable!’

'Bastard!' Zhang Tie swore in his mind.

However, since he had already asked the question, he didn't need to pretend anymore, so he immediately argued, "Do you mean that I've made you go bankrupt by that meal? If it's true, I'm very sorry!"

"You can make me go bankrupt by one meal of over 10 gold coins?" Donder cast a contemptuous eye onto Zhang Tie. "That consumption yesterday is normal, you're really a rustic from the remote area of Blackhot City. I've even been to a place where a cup of water would cost 100 gold coins!"

A cup of water would cost you 100 gold coins? Zhang Tie's mouth twitched as he felt that Donder was boasting. "There has never been such a place in this world. 100 coins would be equal to my dad's 89 years' salary!"

Zhang Tie had an expression of clear disbelief.

Donder kept silent, walking on ahead of Zhang Tie. After 10 more minutes, he guided Zhang Tie before a six-story apartment building that occupied over 200 square meters on the Avenue Monet in the east of Blackhot City.

"How about this building?" Donder asked Zhang Tie.

"Not bad!" Zhang Tie casually answered.

"Then it's yours from now on!" Donder also casually said.

Zhang Tie stared dumbfounded.



* * *





Chapter 168




The exterior wall of the entire apartment was made of dark red bricks and gray stones, which looked pretty cool and clean. In the balcony of each floor, there was a flaxen windowsill. On the rails of the windowsills, many potted plants were placed. The gate of the apartment building was facing Avenue Monet. Walking out of the gate, you needed to go down over ten stairs before reaching the sidewalk. On both sides of the stairs, one could see a part of the first floor apartment close to the avenue. Besides, there were two parterres filled with red maples and Chinese roses.

The pitch-black wrought iron gate of the apartment looked pretty firm and delicate. The brass handle was very clean. Generally, everything in this apartment building matched a man of good standing who had received a good education and had a nice income in Blackhot City: clean, fresh, graceful, the surrounding environment was neither dirty and chaotic nor brilliant.

In Zhang Tie's mind, the traders that went about soliciting business deals in bulk commodity exchanges, doctors that carried out circumcision operations for him, teachers like Zerom and Captain Kerlin at school, the graceful businessmen who had small business in Blackhot City and that notary he met today should live in such an apartment.

There were numerous apartment buildings like this one in Blackhot City, tall or low. They were mostly favored by renters. That bastard Hista dreamed of having such an apartment one day so that he could collect rents every month. With the money, he could then indulge with women everyday.

Seeing Zhang Tie dumbfounded, Donder added, "What? You're scared to be seen an idiot with only such a small apartment building?"

Zhang Tie stared at Donder with disbelief. "Are you kidding me? Have you eaten something wrong or what? I knew that you were not right when I caught sight of you today. I'll check if you've caught a fever or something..."

Saying this, Zhang Tie pretended to touch Donder's forehead, only to get a 'Pa' sound from Donder who slapped his hand away.

Donder then cast a ferocious glare at him. "Bastard, as I've said, you're really rustic. This apartment only cost me several thousand gold coins when I bought it several years ago. It's cheaper now. Someone would spend it by a few meals. It's nothing at all. You really think it's something that big?"

When Donder mocked Zhang Tie, he walked up the stairs of the apartment building with a sound of 'dong dong dong'. After taking out a key, he inserted it into the lock and rotated it two circles before opening that gate.

"Come on in, I need you for something!"

Scratching his head, Zhang Tie followed Donder in.

Behind the gate was a thick door mat. The apartment was paved with a clean gray wooden floor. Entering it, Zhang Tie raised his head up and caught sight of a beautiful layer of triangular glass ceiling, from where sufficient sunlight could reach inside the room. The spiral stairs inside could directly lead to the roof. From the second floor upwards, each floor would contain two apartments, face to face with each other with an aisle between them.

Donder didn't go upstairs, instead, he passed by some tall green plants on the left of the stairs before opening a door of a residence.

The moment Zhang Tie entered, Donder locked the door from inside.

This was a residence on floor 1. Its furniture: sofa and various other things inside the room were well prepared. All the furniture gave a fresh wooden fragrance.

Before Zhang Tie could enjoy them carefully for a bit longer, Donder had already led him into a tranquil study after passing by an aisle. The moment Donder pressed a hidden switch, a bookcase had slid way, revealing a door behind it. After opening this door, Zhang Tie saw stone stairs stretching down towards a basement.

On the walls of the staircase hung expensive ten thousands-year fluorite lamps which rendered the entire basement pale green.

"After entering here, remember to close the door of the basement. After doing so from inside, the bookcase outside will automatically slid back to its original place and all the safety settings will be triggered on. Even if someone wants to break it from outside using force, it would cost them a long time..." Donder explained, turning back his head while walking first.

'Bang!'

After closing the door, Zhang Tie heard a heavy and dreary sound made by the door of this basement, like a safe being closed. He had not imagined that the thick room door was made of steel, its surface only brushed with a layer of wood paint.

The basement was very large, covering more than 100 square meters. It had a look of a temporary asylum. There was a table, several lockers, big and small, and some other items. What was out of Zhang Tie's expectation was that there were no less than four wardrobes of different sizes here, and a huge mirror. What did Donder prepare so many clothes here for? To enjoy them in front of the mirror by himself?

Donder walked towards a chair and told Zhang Tie to sit down as well.

At this moment, Zhang Tie was completely filled with curiosity. Everything that the mean boss of the grocery store did today was filled with a sense of mystery.

"I know you must have a lot of questions now!" Donder said, staring at Zhang Tie.

With a sense of depression, Zhang Tie scratched his head. "What are you doing this for today? I feel like you've become stranger!"

"Because I have to leave the Blackhot City soon. I have to deal with the things here!"

"You want to go?" Shocked, Zhang Tie stared at Donder. "Why?"

"Because of you!" Donder looked at Zhang Tie with a smile. "Previously, I didn't know when I could leave Blackhot City. But because of you, I will do so soon. Do you know that I've not been back home for three decades? Previously, I thought that I could only have a chance to go back home when I was old enough. But because of you, I can do so several decades in advance. So I have to thank you!"

"Because of me?"

Zhang Tie became even more surprised.

"Can you not widely open your eyes and point at your own nose? This looks is too rustic!" Donder smiled. "Do you remember that Mental Arithmetic by Abacus that you have given me? Do you know its real value?"

"Hmm, this book can improve one's spiritual energy. It should be very precious!"

"It's not just precious!" Donder shook his head. "Do you remember that story about an ugly stone that I've told you before. That Mental Arithmetic by Abacus is an ugly store."

Zhang Tie could still clearly remember the story about an ugly stone. It was one of the stories that Donder had told him. Once upon a time, an ugly stone was found by a stonemason in a mountain village. Because that stone was very hard, the stonemason then used it as a stone anvil. He found it was very useful and kept using it for dozens of years.

One day, a greater blacksmith came to the village and found that stone too. He felt that the stone might be an iron ore. Therefore, he cut off a small piece of it and took it back. When he returned home, he made it into a horseshoe and sold it for dozens of copper coins. The blacksmith was very satisfied about it.

After the blacksmith left, another, even greater master swordsmith felt that the stone might be an aerosiderite. Therefore, he also cut off a piece of it and took it back home. He then built it into a precious sharp sword and sold it for several hundreds of gold coins.

Later, an even greater master clockmaker found that aerosiderite and cut off a piece of it. He used the metal inside it to create several pocket watches in the series of aerosiderite. He finally sold them for thousands of gold coins.

After the arrival of the master clockmaker, a carving master found that piece of stone and directly took away the remainder of it. After a delicate carving, he got tens of thousands of gold coins from it.

Finally, the value of the stone was identified by an emperor. After smelting the stone again, the emperor extracted the metal from inside the stone and made it into the seal of the empire, which was worth hundreds of millions of gold coins...

This story told that the same thing would have different value in different people's eyes.

Zhang Tie understood it, but he also became confused at the same time.

"Like how human exercise their muscles, one's spiritual energy is mainly carried out through visualization. The things being visualized to exercise one's spiritual energy are top secret knowledge. Additionally, all the visualizations are a deep conscious activity which demands ardor and need extremely high spiritual stability and sustainability, which pose a very high requirement for one's willingness and endurance.

"Previously, I've never seen anybody who could exercise spiritual energy before twelve years old. Neither have I heard of any method of cultivation that could improve kids and youths' spiritual energy. Although 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus' looks simple, it can help a person start exercising spiritual energy from six years old, or even from five.

"Besides, its threshold is very low, making it available for almost everybody. Although the effects of the 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus' is weak, through visualizations and improvement of one's spiritual energy, people could lay a solid foundation for the further exercise requiring superior spiritual energy. This is the true value of 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus', a method that could be learned even at a very young age to improve one's spiritual energy. Additionally, it's a beginner's textbook for improving one's spiritual energy. Do you understand it's value now?"

"Hmm... it really seems a bit useful to improve one's spiritual energy since young!"

Zhang Tie smirked.

"A bit useful?" Donder gaped at Zhang Tie, his voice high.

Infuriated as if having been insulted, he jumped up from the chair and fiercely flicked Zhang Tie's forehead with a finger.

"Bad *ss, are you an idiot or what? For idiots like you, it's a bit useful. However, have you ever imagined its effect if 10 million people, 100 million people, 1 billion people, or several billions of people, even tens of billions of Chinese people could learn it?

"It could help many people who could not improve their spiritual energy any more to easily exercise it so that they could easily improve themselves and break through the bottlenecks in their cultivation. It could enable many Chinese youths to lay a solid foundation for a good spiritual energy, which could help them a lot in their future development.

"Do you know how many genius' and powerful men would be seen among Chinese in the future, you idiot!"

Donder flicked Zhang Tie's forehead once again before sitting down, heavily panting.



* * *





Chapter 169




Looking at Donder who was so excited, Zhang Tie became stunned as he had not imagined that such righteous words could come from that mean guy. What made him even more amazed was that the book Mental Arithmetic by Abacus that he had picked up from the roadside stall could play such a huge role.

Everything that had happened today made Zhang Tie muddle-headed. Soon after, he recovered his composure, realizing a lot of useful information from Donder's words.

First, the cultivation of spiritual energy mainly relied on visualizations. However, before the secret of 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus' was discovered, it seemed that the greater part of methods being used to cultivate one's spiritual energy were very sophisticated and hard to master. It was an especially tough challenge for young people and kids not yet twelve years old as they didn't have a stable temperament.

Second, for a common boss of a grocery store in Blackhot City, it was not his place to care about the survival and development of Chinese. Their rise and fall were several millions of miles away from his daily life.

"Does me giving you the book Mental Arithmetic by Abacus mean so much?" Zhang Tie asked.

As for Donder's explanation, if it was heard by someone in Blackhot City or the Norman Empire, that guy would join the list of missing people in less than two days with nothing of his presence remaining. How could he brag in such an exaggerated way by using hundreds of millions, even billions, of Chinese people?

"F*ck, of course I cannot, but the organization behind my back can!" Donder calmly replied.

"The organization behind your back?"

Zhang Tie was surprised. He finally understood that everybody had their own secrets, including him and even Donder, that mean guy.

"Of course!" Donder answered full of pride. There was a strange brilliance to him, almost a sense of honor, that Zhang Tie had not seen before. "My status is very trivial in my organization, and I'm just an eye and an ear of my organization in Blackhot City. Do you understand it?"

Zhang Tie finally understood that Donder was a spy of his organization responsible for collecting intelligence in Blackhot City .

"How is your organization when compared to the Norman Empire?" Zhang Tie asked out of curiosity.

"Have you seen those ten thousand year fluorite lamps hanging on the wall?"

Zhang Tie nodded.

"If the Norman Empire was one ten thousand year fluorite lamp, my organization would be the shiny sun in the sky!" Donder solemnly said.

Zhang Tie was shocked once again.

"No doubt about that. If we can encounter each other in the future, you will know that I have not cheated you! Because of 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus', I've made great contribution to my organization. As a result, my organization dispatched me back to the Eastern Continent. My mission in Blackhot City has been completed in advance, and I finally have the chance to go back home!"

"Aren't your organization in Blackson Human Clan Corridor?"

Donder smirked. "Blackson Human Clan Corridor is a Hebrew expression. Among Chinese, it is called Waii Peninsula or Waii Subcontinent. It is only a small area on the entire Kun'ang Continent, an uncivilized area which is far away from the axis of the world and revolves around it. Do you know what is an uncivilized area to Chinese? You should understand that a really huge dragoon will not play with water in a shallow pond. As for me who is just dreaming of not having to starve to death, I was dispatched here to just watch the weather change!"

Zhang Tie stared at Donder, feeling uncomfortable about what he had said about the uncivilized thing.

"As for Chinese like you who have long been dispatched to an uncivilized area, when you're alive, if you don't come for a pilgrimage in the east or visit the place where gathers the most Chinese, if you don't go to have a look in the area where your bloodline roots in so as to experience the honor and brilliance of the Chinese clan that you have not tasted before, you will have spent your life in vain!"

What Donder said made Zhang Tie long for that unknown glory. He asked, "Are you leaving here for the Eastern Continent?"

"Yea, tonight I will leave Blackhot City for Kalur by train. When I arrive at Kalur, someone will pick me up over there. I will then take an airship. During the trip, I'll transfer several stations by other vehicles. If I don't get stuck somewhere in the middle, I'll see the Eastern Continent in one and a half months."

Zhang Tie's face fell slightly. "Will I see you again?"

Since Donder was almost a master to him, realizing that guy was going to leave soon, Zhang Tie felt a bit reluctant to part with him. In a split second, every memory that he had with this guy flashed across Zhang Tie's mind. Instinctively, he felt like crying.

"This is the most important thing that I want to talk with you about, today!" Donder looked solemn. "You should remember what I've told you today. No matter what, you have to leave Blackhot City along with your family members in two years, though the sooner, the better. You must move to settle down among Chinese nations in the southeast of Waii Peninsula first.

"Afterwards, you should seek for a chance to move all of your family members to the Eastern Continent. The entire world is going to be in great chaos. Hundreds of millions of lives will soon be burned into ashes. Waii Peninsula is not a long lasting area. For the sake of you and your family members' lives, you have to leave as soon as possible!"

"Why?"

Zhang Tie's heart pounded.

"Because the holy war between human beings and demons will start soon!" Donder gloomily said.

"A holy war?"

Zhang Tie was startled. Soon after he understood what Donder was talking about, his face immediately twitched.

Holy war? That phrase was able to startle everybody.

Given the history and relevant knowledge that Zhang Tie had learned about the holy wars, there was only one word that could be used to describe those two previous holy wars: Destroy!

Terrifying demons poured out of the underground world like locusts which could immediately sweep over human cities and nations one by one. Every place that demons passed by would become mountains and seas of bloody bodies, no single person left alive.

The first holy war broke out about 600 years ago. At that time, the human race, which had just recovered a bit, was almost completely destroyed by demons. At school, when giving an introduction to the first holy war, the science teacher only said several things: the amount of human casualties was 27 billion and over 600 human nations and regions were destroyed by demons.

The first holy war lasted roughly 70 years, over three generations. After this holy war, the total amount of human beings was only over 10 billions, which indicated that two thirds of people had died in the first holy war.

The second one broke out about 300 years ago, which was also called the one hundred years holy war. It lasted for over 110 years. The amount of casualties of human beings in this holy war was 48 billion. Over 1000 human nations and regions were destroyed by demons. Compared to the first holy war, the second one was much more miserable as many human races were completely eliminated by demons. Numerous human families were broken apart.

Each holy war between the human race and the demons would be a catastrophe of the entire human race.

When the respected science teacher was talking about the previous two holy wars, he even choked several times in class. Compared to any other kinds of wars, in holy wars between the two races, people had to save themselves. As for demons, humankind was their most delicious food whose fresh blood, muscles, and brains were the favorite food of all demons.

After each holy war, each black-and-white photo taken by historians and war correspondents about any place that once was occupied by demons was like vivid hell for those still alive.

Zhang Tie once saw the black-and-white photos that were brought to the classroom by the science teacher. That cruel scenes in them made Zhang Tie and all the other animals in his classroom sick. They had all lost appetite for lunch...

Holy war was a nightmare for each person, lasting over 100 years!

According to the previous two holy wars, the third holy war would probably be even more tragic than the previous ones. It would last longer while many more areas would be involved. As a result, more people would die in the third long lasting holy war.

"Go to the east. The most powerful Chinese clan is where the hope of the humans lies in. Even if all the humans on the Kun'ang Continent died in this holy war, the Eastern Continent could still support the last few people!" Donder said.

The dialogue with Donder before he left Blackhot City unlocked many puzzles in Zhang Tie's mind. He abruptly understood why so many things happened in Blackhot City in the past two months: why the Andaman Alliance would be destroyed over night, why the prices of the grains on the market had started to surge since months ago, why Zerom said that the chaotic world would arrive.

It was because privileged big figures who had the right to write the history of Blackson Human Clan Corridor had accelerated their preparations for the incoming holy war. Before the arrival of the holy war, the alleged emperors and chancellors were nothing different from squirrels who were busy trying to save up for the winter.

How long was left before the third holy war between the human beings and demons would break out? According to Donder's judgment, it would at least take five or twenty years at most before it finally broke out. But this short period before it began was for big figures to accomplish the warm-up mobilization which concerned the lives of the human clan.

Donder told Zhang Tie that many nations and families on the continents had already prepared for over 100 years for the third holy war between the human beings and the demons. However, no matter how well they had prepared. When the third holy war really broke out, all the preparations might not be enough.

Before the arrival of the overwhelming demons, nobody knew whether the steel and iron fortresses that they had built would be as weak as a piece of paper which would be easily broken by demons. Nobody dared to firmly say that the strategic materials that they had prepared could help them stick till the end of this holy war.

Before leaving, Donder gave Zhang Tie the following things: the real property transfer certificate of this apartment building, a lot of key belonging to it, several deeds of house property, 400 gold coins, and a strange resin card with many small holes on it. The older men told Zhang Tie that if he arrived at the Eastern Continent, he would definitely be able to find him using this card.

Besides these items, Donder also left Zhang Tie with a book about ’cross-dressing'. Everything in this basement was for 'cross-dressing', including various props, materials, and clothes. There was even a hidden tunnel in the basement which led to a perennial chartered room of an underground bar.

That underground bar ran around the clock. As many people went there, nobody would notice him even if he accessed that chartered room from here.

As the third holy war would not break out soon, Donder hoped that Zhang Tie could well prepare and gain enough money to move his family members to the Eastern Continent, using the things provided by him.

This was the expenditure left for Zhangs' escape. This amount of expenditure would allow a poor student like Zhang Tie to be one of the possessing class.

Donder didn't care about this wealth at all. He said this was only a bit money, which was just a trivial compensation for him to thank for Zhang Tie's gift of 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus'. The organization that he was serving had awarded him many times more than this amount of wealth for his discovery of the 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus'. Therefore, Donder told Zhang Tie not to feel reluctant for receiving such a bit of wealth.

After leaving the apartment building, Zhang Tie walked on the Avenue Monet for a long time. He felt muddled-headed as he hadn't yet recovered his composure from everything that he had experienced today. Not until he turned to the avenue where his house was located and a little boy ran the bells on a bike, happily passing by, did Zhang Tie become clear-minded.

Seeing the innocent and joyful smile of that little boy and hearing the crispy rings of the bell, Zhang Tie almost immediately broke through a translucent glass wall that was before him, since he could finally see the entire vivid and free world again.

The holy war thing should not be a concern to a trivial person like him. No matter what, when he realized something bad was going to happen, he would run away along with his family members. This amount of wealth would even be enough for him to move his beloved girls like Pandora and the members of the Brotherhood away to the Eastern Continent.

Zhang Tie revealed a smile when he thought of the wealth left by Donder and felt very good.

'I'm rich, I'm rich! As a charter man of an apartment building, I'll get a gold coin per month. Hista cannot imagine that I've made his dream come true, hahahaha...'

The entire Blackhot City suddenly became brilliant!

Humming all the way, Zhang Tie returned home. The moment he entered, he saw three guests: Alice, Beverly, and Pandora. They looked as beautiful as wax dolls and were chatting with his mom. Seeing Zhang Tie come in and his mouth falling open at the sight of them, the girls smiled at the same time.

Zhang Tie's mom glared at him with mixed moods. "My idiot son told me that he had found three girlfriends in the survival training, I didn't believe that until the three beautiful girls came here for him now."



With such a son, his mom felt both happy and worried. She became upset although being a bit excited: Zhang Tie was not that fickle in love and adorable in girls' eyes. How could he bring back three girls merely in the survival training?

"Guoguo[1] has really grown up!"

His mom became gratified and dejectedly sighed inside...

Zhang Tie didn't know that the news that he would start a duel with Sodor in two days had spread wide through many schools of Blackhot City. Few people knew that he had become a second lieutenant of the Norman Empire; it had only spread in a small circle. In many people's eyes, a show between a fresh graduate and a LV 4 warrior was truly attractive.

However, Zhang Tie didn't really have this thing on his mind. For him, the beginning of the life in Iron-Blood Camp was the most important thing in his future...

Not until Donder had left did Zhang Tie realize that he had forgotten to ask about his ability to throw lances so precisely, because the news that the third holy war between the human beings and the demons would soon break out was too appalling.

[1] Zhang Tie's nickname at home. It means Little Fruit



* * *





Chapter 170




Five days passed quickly. Although Zhang Tie's wound after the circumcision had not recovered yet, and he had only changed fresh dressing for his wound only once, his holiday would soon be over.

The last few days, the good news was that Zhang Tie's untamed thing was not that sensitive any more. It had become accustomed to the contact with his underwear and pants.

The bad news was that Zhang Tie found out that he had become famous among the animals of Blackhot City. In the eyes of many people who didn't understand him, Zhang Tie seemed to be an evil and terrifying thug, a homicidal maniac who could break his classmate's neck in front of over one thousand people in the canteen of the Wild Wolf Castle.

Those people didn't care about what Zuhair and Glaze had done to him, they just spread what he had done to Zuhair in all schools across Blackhot City.

On the first day when Blackhot City was included into the territory of the Norman Empire, Zhang Tie had already utilized the game rules of the Norman Empire's barbarous training to kill his own classmate in front of the public. Such an impression would not be good in the eyes of the gossipers.

Besides, there was gossip that the disappeared Glaze was also killed by Zhang Tie. Although they had gotten it right, Zhang Tie didn't plan to admit to it, just leaving them to guess. No matter what, he would not lose even a hair.

On the evening of the day when Donder left, after sending Pandora, Alice, and Beverly back home respectively, on the way back, Zhang Tie considered how to tell what he had experienced today to his family members.

When he came back home, he found his elder sister-in-law had went to bed as she was pregnant and had easily fallen asleep. Zhang Tie then called his parents and his elder brother and explained why Donder had presented him with the apartment building and the amount of gold coins to him.

Seeing Zhang Tie pull out a purse which contained 400 'locomotive' gold coins, the other three people of Zhang family were shocked for quite a while.

"You mean that Donder gave you this money?" Zhang Tie's dad asked Zhang Tie with eyes wide open.

"Yea, and a six-story apartment building in Avenue Monet. That building was bought by Donder several years ago. He was always living there. Today he transferred it to me. The formalities had been dealt with. Donder said this was a trivial compensation for my gift of 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus', which helped him render great meritorious service to his super great organization.

"He was ears and eyes of that organization in Blackhot City. As he was now dispatched back as a part of the compensation that his organization awarded him with, he then left these items to me!" Zhang Tie honestly explained, putting his hands on his knees.

After hearing Zhang Tie's explanation, his parents and elder brother became silent. Although Zhang Yang knew that 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus' could improve one's spiritual energy was a very precious mysterious knowledge, he had not imagined that this book could play such a great role.

Through Donder, everybody learned the value of 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus', which was simply a beginner's book for everybody to practice their spiritual energy, greatly lowering the threshold for them to cultivate and improve their spiritual energy. It could even help many people who could not cultivate or improve their spiritual energy any more to improve their spiritual energy once again. It was a book of great value that could not be underestimated.

"What else did he leave or say to you besides these things?"

After being silent for several seconds, his dad stared at Zhang Tie in an unprecedentedly solemn way.

"He said that the secret of 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus' should not be revealed to anyone else besides our family members in case of bringing disaster to our family. Oh, he also gave me one card that I could use to contact him if I came to the Eastern Continent in the future!"

Saying this, Zhang Tie took out that resin card with many irregular small holes on it. He was still confused about how to use this name card.

His dad took a careful look at it after taking it into his hands. His frown then slowly disappeared. Finally, he became completely relaxed and let out a long sigh before nodding to Zhang Tie's mom.

"Dad, you know this item? What's it used for?" Zhang Tie asked, looking at his dad's changing expression.

"This is a name card!"

His dad smiled.

"A name card?"

Not only Zhang Tie, even Zhang Yang who was gazing at that strange card became startled. He took that card from his dad's hand and carefully observed it for quite a while. Zhang Yang couldn't find even one word on it. How could this be a name card?

Both brothers became suspicious.

"Of course. This is the most advanced name card, which is not for people, but for large-scale steam-driven calculators. The round holes on this card are a machine language that can only be identified by a large-scale crystal steam-driven calculator. This is an ID card that is used in long-distance remote communications requiring decoding by Xuan Yuan-6 steam-driven calculator in Eastern Continent.

"If you insert this card into any long-distance crystal remote communication equipment in any city of the Eastern Continent, you will be able to contact Donder..."

His dad took back the card from Zhang Yang's hand, carefully checking it even with a yearning expression.

Large-scale steam-driven calculator? It was Zhang Tie's turn to be dumbfounded. This thing was too advanced so he'd only heard about it at school. Even the teacher who had introduced it to them hadn't seen it before.

According to the teacher's comment, steam-driven calculator was based on steam-driven difference engine, which was used two generations of calculation inventions ago. The steam-driven calculator was the greatest machine that humanity had created so far.

Zhang Tie knew that a difference engine was a machine that could carry out sophisticated difference calculations and was invented by mathematician Babbage during the first industrial revolution before the Catastrophe. The mathematician gained his inspiration from a steam-driven jacquard engine, inventing the steam-driven difference engine, which could calculate through movements of gears. Sadly, after it was invented, the difference engine didn't catch too many people's attention. Due to some unknown reasons, it was then refrigerated by people.

In the second industrial revolution before the Catastrophe, electricity-driven computers that calculated by transistors instead of gears with the same calculating function were invented. Therefore, the steam-based difference engine was completely forgotten.

Closely followed by the invention of the computer came the Catastrophe. After it, those still alive realized that if they wanted to survive for longer, they had to own a calculating tool which could calculate faster and more precisely than human brains. Therefore, the steam-based difference engine that had been refrigerated for over 10,00 years was discovered again.

Among the previous 17 cities of the entire Andaman Alliance, there was only Kalur, the city of machine, who could use steam-based difference engines. There were only two steam-based difference engines across the Andaman Alliance. One was put in Kalur, serving as the most powerful calculating core that supported the manufacturing industry across Kalur, while the smaller one was put in the Andaman City, the capital of the Andaman Alliance. It was said that it was used by the Andaman Alliance to manage its huge family business.

Between steam-driven calculator and steam-driven difference engine, there was a steam-driven analytic engine, which was a much more powerful machine based on steam-driven difference engine. Accordingly, steam-driven calculator was more powerful than a steam-driven analytic engine. It was the representative of the greatest manufacturing capability of human beings. Across the entire Blackson Human Clan Corridor, not only large-scale steam-driven calculator, even a large-scale steam-driven analytic engine could not be produced.

"Dad, how do you know so much about it?"

Zhang Tie stared at his dad with doubt. This card was not even seen by Zhang Tie's teachers at school. How could his dad explain its usage so clearly? Besides, his dad looked too strange. Why did he let out a deep sigh after seeing the card when he looked worried about Donder's status before!

"Hmm... hmm... your dad has heard about it from others before!"

Zhang Tie felt that his dad was really not good at telling a lie. At such an age, when he was telling a lie, he would always scratch his head, which was known to all the other members of Zhang family.

Zhang Tie looked at him with doubt once again. The moment he wanted to open his mouth, his mom interrupted him.

"Guoguo, what do you plan to do with that apartment building and that money left by Donder?"

Mom's words directly caught Zhang Tie's attention.

"Needless to say, of course, I will hand them all to you too, letting you to be renters and enjoy it for the rest of your lives..." Saying this, Zhang Tie immediately became highly spirited. "As my elder brother is going to get married, he and my elder sister-in-law should have a new residence. Even if I live in another residence in the apartment building, there are still 9 residences in the apartment building, which could bring you over 10 gold coins a month. This income is much higher than dad's salary.

"The rice brew business at home is lacking, while my elder sister-in-law is going to give birth to a baby for our family, so this apartment building is very necessary. As for the money, I will give it to my elder brother. Since he is going to retire from the military service, with that amount of money, he can do some business, which would be much better than working for other people!"

In order to not worry his dad and much too much, Zhang Tie didn't talk about the incoming holy war. The moment Zhang Yang opened his mouth, he caught sight of Zhang Tie's shake of the head. Due to the tacit agreement between the two brothers in the past decade, Zhang Yang immediately shut up as he knew that Zhang Tie would tell him something alone later.

After thinking for a while, his dad and mom exchanged glances with each other, then nodded.

"The apartment building is yours, we will look after it for you, since I'm afraid that you won't have enough time to deal with it. As your dad and me have been used to living here for the past dozens of years, we don't want to move anymore. If you want, you can move there. If you have a residence to stay in Blackhot City instead of having to rent outside, your dad and me are reassured..."

His mom revealed a benign smile. "As for this money, I will put it away for you. When your elder brother needs it in the future, I'll give it to him as a loan from you!"

Knowing his dad and mom's intention, Zhang Tie didn't say anything. However, he insisted to give the rents to them as part of his filial piety. In the end, they nodded and agreed to take one third of the rents, leaving the rest to Zhang Tie himself.

Everybody then became satisfied with the distribution of the wealth.

After his dad and mom went to bed, Zhang Tie silently pulled Zhang Yang aside and whispered to him about the incoming third holy war. Hearing this news, Zhang Yang's face immediately twitched as he finally understood why the Blackhot City and Andaman Alliance became chaotic in the past two months.

"Elder brother, I will leave the 400 gold coins to you. This is a critical moment for you and me to pass through the incoming difficulties. We don't need to discuss how to distribute it anymore. I have little time left at home as I have to serve in the Iron-Blood Camp; the City Guard of Blackhot City will soon be revoked, the Iron-Horn Army only considers to keep several military officers. Adviser Vessie told me that the rest of the military staff as well as the soldiers will have to retire.

The Iron-Horn Army will recruit and train a new batch of soldiers their own way. So you'ill surely have to retire in a few days. After that, you can use the money to get a business and gradually mediate relationships for our family. You should seek for a path for our family to survive in the Chinese nations in the south; otherwise, if anything urgent really happens, although we two can directly escape, how about our dad, mom, elder sister-in-law and that incoming baby?

"So we should prepare for what's coming as early as possible. Elder brother, as long as you can find a path for our family out of here, we can move our dad, mom, elder sister-in-law and the incoming baby first..."

The brothers' hands tightly clasped each other, and Zhang Yang gloomily nodded.

...

Time flew past, and it was time for Zhang Tie to register in the Iron-Blood Camp of No. 39 Division...



* * *





Chapter 171




August 6th, 889th year of Black Iron Calendar, Iron-Blood Camp's station, Blackhot City.

Compared to the scene when he came here five days ago, this time, the entire Iron-Blood Camp's station was over ten times more boisterous.

Zhang Tie had put on the handsome dark red military uniform of a second lieutenant. After foisting the bottom of the trousers' legs into the shiny boots and lowering the brim of his military hat, he looked sharper. With a long sword at his waist, Zhang Tie presented his certificate to the sentry and entered the station of the Iron-Blood Camp, gaining the attention of all the soldiers passing by him in the station.

This morning, adviser Vessie had driven Zhang Tie here. After that, the adviser drove away, unable not to mumble to himself, "After merely five days, how can he feel much sharper than before..."

Of course, adviser Vessie didn't know that in the past five days since he parted with Zhang Tie, the latter had already eaten a Fruit of Brilliance, which surged his spiritual energy by three times. Also, last night, Zhang Tie had eaten another Leakless Fruit, which stimulated the fourth burning point on his spine to radiate yellow light. If nothing unexpected happened, next month on this day, Zhang Tie would become a LV 5 warrior after igniting two more burning points.

The Leakless Fruit increased his burning points at a frightening speed. So Zhang Tie was considering whether he should be low-key, leaving several ripe Leakless Fruits on the small tree, when he entered the Iron-Blood Camp. If he encountered any situation where he would be bled or something damaged his vigor, each Leakless Fruit on the small tree could act as an emergency first-aid kit.

Zhang Tie thought it over for awhile and gradually considered it's usefulness. In the end, when he almost reached the Division's Building of the Iron-Blood Camp, he decided to temporarily not pick ripe Leakless Fruits anymore in the following four weeks so that he could save up several emergency first-aid kits for himself. As he was not familiar with the Iron-Blood Camp of No. 39 Division, it was not bad to hide his real force.

Donder said that each army in any region had their own unwritten special regulations which influenced and were followed by each soldier. Sometimes, even the superior's words were not as important as these unwritten regulations. You could not acquire the agreement of the colleagues in the army with only a position appointed by the superior.

When adviser Vessie left just now, he also warned Zhang Tie to be careful about those army ruffians. If they continuously filed suits about you to Colonel Leibniz for trivial things, it would not be very glorious.

Knowing that there must be someone who detested him, the newly promoted second lieutenant, head of Third Platoon, Fifth Company of the Iron-Blood Camp, Zhang Tie had well prepared to face the challenges. However, he had not imagined that the challenges would come so fast.

...

"Are you that boy toy struck by the lightning bolt?"

Unexpectedly, Zhang Tie saw three tough guys snigger at him with arms crossed, standing in front of him on the way to the office area of the Division's Building.

Zhang Tie glanced over their ranks first—they were all sergeants. Among the Iron-Horn Army, sergeants were all LV 5 warriors with rich battle experience. These guys usually performed as team leaders under platoon heads. They were the backbones of teams under the platoon head.

These alleged backbones was a role that you needed to crack down on. If you could not do so, they were then called - trouble makers or army ruffians!

"Don't you need show respect when you see your superior?" Zhang Tie calmly asked.

Hearing Zhang Tie's words, the three guys, the shortest among whom was half a head taller than Zhang Tie, exchanged glances among themselves before bursting out laughing, as if having heard a good joke.

"Brat, you know where you are? Here is the Iron-Blood Camp of No. 39 Division, the casualties of which could rank top five in the entire Iron-Horn Army. According to the rules here, the only one who deserves our respect is boss Reinhardt. You want us to show respect to you? Have you even completely grown your pubic hair yet?"

They then burst out laughing again, casting contemptuous eyes at Zhang Tie.

Zhang Tie felt embarrassed. He rubbed his face and stared at these arrogant guys. "Fine, since it is the rule of the Iron-Blood Camp, I will then follow that rule here. Additionally, since you asked, I will tell you that I've completely grown my pubic hair. However, as you are not women, I'm sorry, I won't show them to you. Even if you were three women, I would still not show you my pubic hair, either, considering your looks!"

...

Many bored military officers were leaning against the windowsills of the Division's Building of the Iron-Blood Camp, watching Zhang Tie's confrontation with the three army ruffians. With sounds of "Puchi...", they guffawed, unable to stand it anymore.

"Boss, this brat is very interesting..."

"It's really my first time seeing anyone in the entire No. 39 Division dare to declare that the three guys look ugly!"

"I've read this brat's records in Blackhot City. I found that this brat was very talkative, able to even confuse the truth. Additionally, his temperament is not bad. I like him. If this brat cannot stay in the company anymore, just dispatch him to us, the department of general affairs. I'll arrange for him to argue with the bastards in the logistics department and the headquarters to prevent him from losing his life..."

Zhang Tie didn't know who was saying this upstairs, but with that person's words, many people upstairs started to have a good feeling about him and came to his side.

The relationships between people were that marvelous. Sometimes, someone would like you only by your words instead of having to look at you. Of course, sometimes it was the exactly opposite...

Standing before the window was a tough man with golden hair of around 40 years. With the beard covering most of his face, the person in the lieutenant colonel uniform was biting a big cigar. None of the buttons on his coat were buckled, and even some on his shirt were left unbuckled too.

If he was another commoner, people would consider him a drunk with untidy clothes. However, now this person revealed his natural fierce and heroic aura by dressing this way. This man was Reinhardt, the head of the Iron-Blood Camp.

Seeing Zhang Tie downstairs, Reinhardt revealed a shadow of a smile——at least this brat assigned by colonel Leibniz was much more interesting than those bastards who came to the Iron-Blood Camp to make money...

Hearing Zhang Tie's joke, all the unscrupulous military officers upstairs burst out laughing loudly while the three guys who were holding Zhang Tie back turned purple.

"Brat, do you know the outcome of insulting the three of us?"

The three men walked one step forward at the same time, immediately surrounding Zhang Tie while making sounds of 'Pa pa' by pinching their fingers.

"If I treat your honestly, does it mean I'm insulting you?" Zhang Tie said with amazement, staring at them seriously. "Then, I'm sorry about what I've said, actually you look very beautiful. I mean it, you look very beautiful. There is really few man as beautiful as you three. If you were b*tches, I would definitely show you my pubic hair..."

The scrupulous military officers upstairs laughed so heavily that they started holding their their bellies with their hands as they squatted down to the ground, tears almost running down their cheeks. Even Commander Reinhardt's face continually twitched...

"F*ck, Beckham, I cannot stand it anymore! Even if I'll be put into confinement, I have to beat this brat up today!"

A man on the left of Zhang Tie became infuriated and shouted loudly before punching with his fist towards Zhang Tie's head without any hesitation.

"Beat him!" Another guy also screamed and attacked Zhang Tie almost at the same time. "It's fine as long as we don't beat him to death or cripple him!"

Zhang Tie didn't use his hidden strength at all, instead, he only used his barbarous strength to catch an incoming fist before kicking at the other guy's, who was trying ferociously to kick at him, leg away.

The latter one was immediately kicked two meters away while the first attacker's face immediately twisted as he felt an irresistible strength take hold of his arm.

At the same time Zhang Tie pulled the third person's arm and crashed him onto the first attacker. In a split second, the first attacker and the third attacker crashed into each other and fell to the ground, dazzled.

The battle was over almost in a heartbeat. Seeing what happened, the onlookers upstairs immediately became quiet and turned solemn with their eyes on the three people under the control of Zhang Tie.

"He didn't use his hidden strength!" a military officer said.

"He controlled his strength well!" another added, nodding.

"He has great physical strength!"

A tough military officer became spirited with his eyes on Zhang Tie.

"He has rich battle experience. The kick that he used to send Beckham flying backwards through the air was highly skilled!"

Another military officer nodded.

"Based on his power alone he could win the position of a second lieutenant of Third Platoon under our company!"

Another military officer nodded towards Reinhardt.

"It seems that colonel Leibniz got the right person for us this time!" Reinhardt smiled as he flicked his cigar. "Guderian, go downstairs to call him here, no more playing."

A first lieutenant then walked downstairs.

When Guderian walked downstairs, Reinhardt turned back from the window and seriously glanced over those in the conference room. He then said in a very, very solemn tone, "Who among you would like to try being struck by a lighting bolt? If you're lucky enough, you might form Iron-Blood battle Qi like this brat. I will then transfer my position to you!"

Reinhardt's expression was filled with instigation and amusement, his eyes glittering. If it was anyone else who had said this, everybody would understand that he was joking. However, as it was from the head of the Iron-Blood Camp, everybody knew it to be true. If anyone dared to nod, he would definitely be bundled onto a kite and sent flying in the sky or be directly tied onto a cable and suspended under a cloud with the most lightning bolts.

Battalion commander could definitely do this thing!

Seeing his eyes full with expectation, all the military officers hurriedly lowered their own heads, preferring to hide them closer to their crotches...

After glancing over the conference room, Reinhardt found nobody daring to be that brave, therefore, he let out a deep sigh of disappointment.

Downstairs, the moment Zhang Tie beat the three bad *sses off, he felt being locked on by many killing intents. The previously boisterous Iron-Blood Camp abruptly recovered its quiet. Soon after, many more guys ran towards him with their weapons while those guys who were lining up, training, or wandering cast their icy eyes onto Zhang Tie all of a sudden.

Seeing 70-80 more guys with bad looks surrounding him and the increasing amount of people running towards him, Zhang Tie finally knew that he had stirred up trouble.

The moment Zhang Tie started to prepare for a ferocious battle, a first lieutenant running downstairs shouted out an explanation. "This is the second lieutenant platoon commander of Third Platoon, Company Five of the Iron-Blood Camp assigned by Colonel Leibniz..." .

"Ha... he's one of us..."

Hearing his words, those guys who had intended to beat Zhang Tie stopped moving forward. Instead, they smiled and departed.

"The three guys dared to provoke a superior; they deserved to be beaten up, hahaha!"

A group of people who had planned to take revenge for Beckham and the other guys who had been beaten up by Zhang Tie started to mock the three awkward guys.

With such a sudden reversal, Zhang Tie immediately felt the collaborative atmosphere of the Iron-Blood Camp. This was an extremely united team that didn't allow their members to be bullied by outsiders.

The military officer who had helped Zhang Tie out of trouble greeted him.

"Follow me up, boss Reinhardt is upstairs!"



* * *





Chapter 172




Zhang Tie knew that it was almost like a dream to have such tough guys who were older than him, had been serving in the army for longer than him, and had much more battle experience than him to show their respect to him. To tell the truth, these guys looked like tools of violence.

'Do I need to fight them?' Zhang Tie asked himself before a surge of pain distracted him. His d*ck's wound was acting up again since after circumcision it was still in recovery. If he moved too heavily, it would be ripped again. If that happened, Zhang Tie was uncertain as to when that thing would stop being a mummy.

Between his sexual happiness and those tough guys' obedience, Zhang Tie had to think only for two seconds before choosing the first option.

He was suffering from the wound after circumcision for the time being, while there was still a long time for him to begin getting along with those guys, so he didn't need to show his real force at once. This was the intelligence of the Chinese clan—time tries all.

"When I was coming here just now, first lieutenant Freo suggested for me to stay with you guys. He said that this way we could deepen mutual understanding and get along with each other later. I feel like First Lieutenant Freo was right..."

The moment Zhang Tie opened his mouth, many guys surrounded him with grim smiles. After the three bad *sses of Beckham's group had suffered a loss, they started to describe how this toy boy was great. Hearing that, many people didn't believe it and wanted to have a try themselves.

However, Zhang Tie's words didn't come to an end.

"First Lieutenant Freo was right, but I don't plan to greet your guys and deepen the mutual understanding between you and me in this way. When I was in the division's conference room, Major Guderian told me that there was a rule in the Iron-Blood Camp: we have to talk the truth.

"I feel that this rule is very great as honest exchanges between people are better than fights. So firstly I want to make an honest exchange with you today!"

With a smile, Zhang Tie glanced over those tough sneering guys that were not used to such an exchange pattern and were now exchanging glances with each other.

"I will introduce myself to you. I'm Zhang Tie, native of Blackhot City. 15 years old, almost 16. I've just completed the survival training of my graduate year. Since I had formed the Iron-Blood hidden strength, I was recruited by colonel Leibniz.

"Before putting on this military uniform, I had never imagined that I could be a soldier of the Norman Empire one day. Previously, I only dreamed that I could stay in Blackhot City instead of being dispatched to the farms outside the city walls where I would have to depend on my petty shrewdness and luck after serving the army. Then I would find a way to do business and make a lot of money so that I could play with women everyday and wait for death. This has always been my biggest dream which remains unchanged even now!"

Hearing Zhang Tie's words, some guys even from among onlookers unconsciously smirked. Zhang Tie's dream was similar to that of most men. So the moment he mentioned it, he obtained appreciation from many people.

A person who could talk honestly would always be interesting wherever he went. Some tough guys already felt that Zhang Tie was a bit interesting, at least being different from the toy boys who were arranged for the Iron-Blood Camp only for glory and money before.

"To tell the truth, until the survival training was half done, I still felt that the Norman Empire was the enemy of Blackhot City, or might be the biggest enemy that I'll have to face after graduation. After the Blackhot City event happened, I was even very panicked for a period of time, fearing that I'll have to encounter you on the battle field after coming to serve in the City Guard of Blackhot City where I would get killed by you.

"When I was at school, the Iron-Horn Army of the Norman Empire was described as a very terrifying organization by the animals at school. I though that way until the next morning after the Iron-Horn Army appeared in Blackhot City when I learned that the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation of Blackhot City that I planned to die protecting had surrendered unconditionally only after being surrounded by you for several hours.

"Upon hearing the news, I only had one thought in my mind: I felt that I was simply a motherf*cking idiot. Those bad *sses of the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation of Blackhot City who had controlled the most wealth and the most powerful army here didn't even dare to fight before declaring their surrender. I even had thought about sacrificing myself for the timid guys and fighting you for their Blackhot City!

"One pair of leather shoes that those guys wore was more expensive than my dad's one-year salary. In the stores along the Avenue Bright of Blackhot City, a pair of leather shoes that was provided for them would cost 16 gold coins. However, my dad could only make 12-13 gold coins a year. Even if my mom and I sold rice brew at home, we could only make a couple of gold coins a year.

"The price of a bowl of rice brew was only three copper coins. When the price had to be increased by a copper coin because of rising rice prices, our business declined and mom worried about that very much. Before survival training, my dad gave me the most pocket money in my life—three silver coins out of his private money, letting me go to get a woman and bid farewell to the virgin status."

By now, all the soldiers before Zhang Tie had stopped walking forward.

"Guys like me who took three silver coins of their dads' private money to f*ck a women and even felt reluctant to drink one more bowl of rice brew at home which would cost three copper coins had thought about protecting those guys who would spend more than my dad's one-year salary to buy a pair of leather shoes. I planned to sacrifice myself to protect the guys who could not even stand one night in front of the enemy and would not notice a person before they sold them. Then I finally understood that I was the biggest idiot in the world!‘

By then, all the dozens of people before Zhang Tie had become quiet. Since this story was very sincere, it could move them. When Zhang Tie talked about how his dad had given him three silver coins out of his private money to let him go for a woman and that he could only earn three copper coins for a bowl of rice brew, those onlookers all thought back to their own parents. Even those people who were training on the playground beside moved closer and started to listen to Zhang Tie's story.

There was not another second lieutenant in the Iron-Blood Camp like this.

"Therefore, on that morning when Blackhot City surrendered, I finally understood it faster than anyone else by accepting this fact. I didn't even pity myself for that, instead, I felt lucky. Since my elder brother was serving in the City Guard of Blackhot City, thinking of that he won't have to fight you guys on the battlefield, I felt very lucky. As for such an Andaman Alliance and such Blackhot City, I preferred them to be over. No reason to feel sad for their end. It had nothing to do with me."

"Although we lived in the city, my dad worked hard everyday. He had to hand in taxes. My mom diligently worked at home while the rice brew business at home also was levied taxes. My elder brother had enjoyed several years' compulsory trading by serving in the City Guard. I've even an eldest brother that had become a martyr while serving in the army. Nobody in our family owed anything to Blackhot City and the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation.

"As for those businessmen, everything in Blackhot City was based on trades, as if doing business. Since it was a trade, I don't need do anything for it, like sacrificing myself.

"It was not bad to become a citizen of the Norman Empire. After realizing that I had become a one, the first thing I did was to use barbarous survival training rules regulated by the Norman Empire to break the neck of a vicious guy who had tried to kill me several times, before one thousand people. He was a true beast. Besides, I beat up the other members of his group by stomping on them. At that moment, I felt so cool that I really wanted to shout loudly 'Long live Norman Empire!'

"After I returned home after the survival training, I was screwed by a villain, who sent me behind bars, claiming that I was an enemy of the Norman Empire. Thankfully, when I was in the survival training, due to special karma, I formed the Iron-Blood hidden strength, so I was not killed in the prison of Blackhot City.

"Also a brother from the scout camp of No. 39 Division whom I had saved in the survival training had positively mediated relationships for me after learning that I was sent behind bars, so as to clear my name. Finally, I had the chance to see colonel Leibniz, who, after learning about my experiences, immediately recruited me into the Iron-Blood Camp and awarded me with the rank of second lieutenant, according to the rules of the Norman Empire.

"I didn't refuse it, instead, I even felt excited about that because this promotion was very cool and indicated a brilliant future ahead. Additionally, even if I had to sacrifice myself, I felt that I'd have a brighter future by serving the emperor of the Norman Empire than serving a bunch of guys who only care about their business. As for the last point, I have a deep understanding..."

With a smile, Zhang Tie patted his own clothes and pointed at his boots.

"Second lieutenant of the Andaman Alliance would not have such a good treatment. Additionally, I find that this second lieutenant military uniform is very handsome, and I even feel reluctant to take it off. I heard treatment in the Iron-Blood Camp was even higher than that in normal battalions. Therefore, I happily registered in today..."

At this time, many people had lost the hostility and alertness from their eyes. Nobody felt like to fighting Zhang Tie anymore. He was just chatting with them like friends. In their hearts, they had already decided that he was reliable, or at least not annoying.

"I know what you're all thinking about. I told you this to explain that I'm just a commoner and am no different from you with exception of being a bit younger. I put on this military uniform completely out of karma. I didn't have anyone above at all. Neither did I lick shoes nor have any reliance on anyone. I'm here because of my own luck and power.

"I don't expect to obtain your welcome, nor did I plan to punch you down. There is an old Chinese saying, 'Only by long-distance travel will one know the real strength of his horse; only by passed time will one clearly see the person beside him.'

"I don't mean to show off anything today. All of me will be tested by time. As your platoon leader, I promise you that I'll try my best to protect you on the battlefield and strive for the chance to help all of you survive. If any of you don't believe in my real strength, you're welcome to fight me in two days' time!"

"Why not today?" a tough man of Third Platoon asked out of curiosity.

"Because I've just taken the circumcision a few days ago, it's not well recovered yet. If I beat you up, the wound will not recover soon, which would make me feel unwell. Nobody would like his d*ck being wrapped like a mummy all day long, right? Unless a person has no d*ck at all, only then he would not know the pain of being cut on your d*ck..."

Hearing such a reply, many onlookers were startled while more of them laughed their *sses off. Some scrupulous guys even whistled.

After seeing that Zhang Tie wasn't fighting the guys of Third Platoon, but was instead being jeered by a great amount of animals, the three guys of Beckham's group immediately took off their pants and tried their best to swing that thing in their crotches to show off around. Everybody then burst out laughing. Under the great laughter and the weird calls of 'mummy, mummy, mummy', Zhang Tie pulled off the zipper of his pants, which really startled the great amount of bastards, and they howled.

Zhang Tie didn't fight the guys in Third Platoon, still, he was well accepted by them.

Freo, Guderian, and several military officers then stared at each other, standing far away from those animals. In the Iron-Blood Camp, no new second lieutenant could be agreed on and accepted by the rest in such a short period. What magic had Zhang Tie used?



* * *





Chapter 173




The hierarchical differences of the Norman Empire existed everywhere. At lunch, the canteen of the camp was divided into seven parts: common soldiers, corporals, sergeants, first sergeants, second lieutenants, first lieutenants and Major Guderian and lieutenant colonel Reinhardt. Everybody ate in their own area.

Food and dishes were also different for people of different ranks. From first lieutenant onward, each person could get some fruits before lunch. As for captains, they could have a cup of aperitif. Major Guderian and lieutenant colonel were directly serviced by the chief cook of the canteen.

Zhang Tie really broadened his vision.

"They even follow such a strict hierarchical system at lunch, aren't they afraid of mutual estrangement in the troop?" Zhang Tie asked a second lieutenant who was having lunch together with him.

"No way!" The second lieutenant who was having lunch with him cast a strange look at Zhang Tie. "Tell me, what the hell are you thinking about?"

"I'm thinking that if only I had some fruits before lunch!" Zhang Tie honestly answered.

"That's right. Because I'm thinking this too. Those first lieutenant company commanders who are eating fruits must be thinking about having a cup of aperitif. Those drinking that cup of aperitif must be admiring the treatment that the boss enjoys. So do the common soldiers.

"The corporals all dream about having as much meat as the sergeants. Sergeants all dream about having as much soup as the first sergeants. First sergeants all dream about having a military officer's dorm and a beautiful guilty slave to warm up the bed for them.

"We all have our pursuits. In the troop, one can only expect better treatment by rendering meritorious services and improving his own real strength. Therefore, it is stimulative for everybody!"

After thinking for a while, Zhang Tie found that it was true. The hierarchical system that existed everywhere was encouraging everyone to work hard and reminding them of their own status. The Norman Empire was really terrifying.

Hierarchy is order! Order is beauty!

Zhang Tie remembered the dictum that was held in the mind of every Norman soldier that adviser Vessie had told him.

A country which would even divide military weapons into different classes for military officers with different ranks was really amazing.

Zhang Tie racked his mind.

'Perhaps the residents of the Norman Empire have been put into different classes, resulting in different treatment since they were born. Many people might have been working hard to improve their social status and rank since they were young.'

The strict hierarchical system of the Norman Empire was well known across the entire Blackson Human Clan Corridor. Everything in this country, including cities and people, was divided into different classes. The cities of the Norman Empire were divided into nine classes, while its people were also divided into different classes and ranks.

The lowest class was guilty slave, closely followed by guilty citizen, then the average citizen, soldier, meritorious class, nobleman, and imperial class. Among the imperial class, the most honorable was imperial household. The emperor of the Norman Empire stood atop of the pyramid of rights across the country.



This was the most rough division. To be concrete, guilty slaves were also further divided into different ranks.

In the Norman Empire, the lowest class was LV 3 guilty slave. If LV 3 guilty slaves didn't violate the laws their whole lives, their children would be promoted to LV 2 guilty slaves. LV 3 guilty slaves could not be promoted any time in their lives. However, if a LV 3 guilty slave could render meritorious service, his or her children could then be directly promoted to LV 1 guilty slaves.

Similarly, LV 2 guilty slaves had one more privilege than LV 3 guilty slaves. Once LV 2 guilty slaves rendered meritorious service, they could be promoted to LV 1 guilty slaves. After that, once they didn't violate the laws, their children could get rid of the status as a slave and be promoted to guilty citizens.

At that rank, they started to have some social rights. If they could render meritorious services to the country, they and their children could become average citizens, who would then enjoy more social rights and means of promotion.

In the Norman Empire, a person or a family, if lowered to be LV 3 guilty slaves, they had to experience at least three generations' efforts before being allowed to enter the main-stream society once again.

Zhang Tie, for example, after being promoted to be a second lieutenant, had become a low-rank soldier.

In the Norman Empire, only people coming from families above the level of soldiers could be made into military officers. Colonel Leibniz was a high-ranking soldier. Only after being promoted to be a major general could he become a member of the meritorious class.

The pyramid structure of the social classes across the Norman Empire was as precise as a difference engine.

If a person wanted to be a member of a noble class, not only in the Norman Empire but also in other human countries, there was only one requirement—only those people who have rendered great meritorious services to human beings in battles against demons by killing them can gain the respect of everybody and become part of the nobility.

After the first holy war between the humanity and the demons, it was clarified in the "Human Clan Brilliant Magna Carta" formulated by countries, armed forces, and religious groups on all continents that 'only people who kill demons can be awarded with the title of nobility'. This rule had gained the the approval of all the people, countries, and armed forces.

As having not killed any demons, even Lin Changjiang, the governor of the Northern Border Military Zone of the Norman Empire was only a member of the meritorious class, instead of a member of the noble class.

Human noble class in Black Iron Age was the representative of real elites and heroes, which was in complete opposition to the nobles that appeared in the history before the Catastrophe.

...

After staying in the Iron-Blood Camp for merely one morning, Zhang Tie realized that he already had a good impression about this place. Even average soldiers of the Norman Empire could enjoy a good treatment. However, as the "Iron-Blood Camp" was more special in the Army of the Norman Empire, the military officers here could enjoy an alluring treatment.

In non-war time, everybody in the Iron-Blood Camp could enjoy a salary 1.5 times higher than that of soldiers with the same rank in other regiments. In war-time, everybody in Iron-Blood Camp enjoyed a salary two times higher than that of soldiers with the same rank in other regiments. That was to say, Zhang Tie could get eight gold coins a month here. Before this, he had not imagined that he could possibly get this much gold coins per month.

This was only one privilege of the military officers in the Iron-Blood Camp. Additionally, each military officer here could get some fixed items which were mainly cigarettes and sugar bars and some other small items which were all hard-to-get in any other place.

Besides abundant material treatment, the experience as a soldier or military officer in the Iron-Blood Camp was also a huge plus in the eyes of superiors. In the Iron-Horn Army, any main battle officer of regimental level had served in the Iron-Blood Camp fore more than three years. Therefore, Zhang Tie understood the expression "gold-plating" which was used to describe those who served in the Iron-Blood Camp.

There was another name for the Iron-Blood Camp across the Norman Empire - Double High Camp. One of them referred to the high casualty rate, while the other to high possibilities in breaking through bottlenecks in each level of the Iron-Blood Fist. Because of "Double High", there were generally two kinds of soldiers here.

First were the trouble-makers, bastards, and army ruffians. Troublesome and untamed guys whom their superiors disliked would be thrown into the Iron-Blood Camp. They would then grow or die inside.

The second were people who were truly violent. They were war maniacs who dreamed about breaking through their bottlenecks in training the Iron-Blood Fist skill through tough exercises and battles here.

This was also what Zhang Tie had seen when he entered the Iron-Blood Camp of No. 39 Division for the first time. Some people were lazily lying and sleeping under the trees in the hot day while the others were practicing Lying Tiger Move in the training ground under the hot sun, their skin being heavily scorched to the point that even a layer of it had cracked and rolled up.

In the Iron-Blood Camp, besides one hour's drill in the morning, no other training would be arranged for average soldiers. Everybody could do whatever they liked such as training or sleeping. Nobody would care what you were doing because the battles that Iron-Blood Camp experienced screened off those unqualified for it. If you were powerful enough, you would survive the battles. If not, it would be normal for you to be eliminated. By then, you should not blame anyone else.

Soldiers were relaxed. As a low military officer, of course, Zhang Tie would be even more relaxed. It had nothing to do with him, big or small. On the first day he registered in the Iron-Blood Camp, he had found out that he had nothing to do at all in the afternoon.

No. 39 Division of Blackhot City was now in LV 2 combat readiness which meant that none of the common soldiers were allowed to leave the camp without receiving an order.

The military officers of the Iron-Blood Camp, though, followed the rule of 'register thrice: in the morning, noon, and evening'.

In the morning, military officers had to attend morning exercises together with soldiers for one hour. At noon, they had to have lunch in the station. In the evening, it was time to go back to their own dorms and go to sleep before 12:00 pm. Military officers were forbidden to sleep outside. Besides these, the Iron-Blood Camp had no more constraints on Zhang Tie.

This way Zhang Tie found out that it was actually not as boring as he had imagined in the Iron-Blood Camp.

Before he would be driven to Kalur for the incoming battles, he had roughly two weeks to stay in Blackhot City, during which he could do a lot of things...



* * *





Chapter 174




August 9, 889th year of Black Iron Calendar...

As usual, Zhang Tie was woken up from deep sleep a bit after 6:00 am by his biological clock. The moment he opened his eyes, he felt his physical strength and spirit surging like early sunrise. That was a marvelous feeling.

This was the third day since Zhang Tie had registered in the Iron-Blood Camp.

Unexpectedly, when he put on his pants, he found that the thing which had not erected for six days had finally become grim again. At the beginning, Zhang Tie didn't realize what it meant, however, the moment he put on his pants, he understood that it was not painful anymore.

'Has the wound recovered?'

Zhang Tie then immediately took off his pants and undid the gauze over his dick. He carefully checked it and found it was truly recovered as a narrow scar now marked it, leaving fresh flesh!

"Hahahaha..."

Zhang Tie burst out laughing as he took off all of his clothes and rushed into the washroom. With the sound of 'Huala huala', he turned on the hot water and took a long-welcomed bath. After that, he watched that wholly new thing, which was not as ugly as it had been in the past few days.



During these couple days, Zhang Tie had already won a nickname - Mummy!

Although many guys in the Iron-Blood Camp had nicknames, Zhang Tie's was absolutely the loudest. After learning the reason for this nickname, all the other guys would laugh out loudly...

Nevertheless, Zhang Tie didn't care about it as he felt it was nothing shameful at all. Since they were all tough men, there was no need to care about that. No matter what, he would not lose even a hair.

The benefit brought by that nickname was that in a few days everybody in the Iron-Blood Camp knew the fresh new guy - Second Lieutenant Mummy! Of course, many people were still calling him boy toy behind his back.

But Zhang Tie didn't care what they called him. Like what Zerom had said, if other people called him this, he could only take it as their jealousy for his handsome looks and excellent personality. It was definitely a jealousy, an undisguised one at that. Those guys were jealous about him being more handsome than them in military uniforms.

Hahahaha...

There was another thing to deal with today. It was the day of his duel with Sodor.

Zhang Tie knew that it was time to show his prowess. He was too low key in the past few days, so now it was time for him to show his real strength to those bastards.

In the past two days here, Zhang Tie's biggest achievement was that he had learned how to drive a car. He could already drive a car to fly around the camp, which made his days way less boring than they would've been otherwise.

Zhang Tie found it very interesting to drive a car. Like running, anything that could bring him a sense of freedom akin to that of the wind would catch his heart.

Previously, Zhang Tie thought about going out in an average vest and pants, however, after thinking about the duel, he directly put on the lieutenant's combat suit of the Norman Empire.

Compared to informal dress and ceremonial dress, Norman Empire's combat suit was more close-fitting, compact, and more flexible. The main material on the outside was leather with reinforced yarn cloth, which had a strong sense of texture, spun in a stone-mill.

Additionally, the suit had defensive capabilities up to a certain degree. It was said that there was a layer of fine wire-working close to the heart and abdomen within the inner layer, which could effectively resist the harm brought by arrows.

The treatment of the Norman Empire's soldiers could also be seen by this combat suit.

Although this combat suit could not match real armor, Zhang Tie could wear it in his fight with Sodor without having to worry about being harmed.

For a weak person like Sodor, of course Zhang Tie didn't need to wear any armor.

He put on his combat suit, a pair of high, leather combat boots, and a pair of combat gloves and looked at himself in the mirror. The whole set included two colors, red and black, which matched well with each other and made him more valiant.

"Zhang Tie, you look really handsome!" Zhang Tie mumbled before the mirror before revealing a smile.

He then took up that terrifying, huge battle sword of 358 kg hung on the weapons rack and easily hefted it on his shoulder before walking out of the dorm.

When he left, the morning horn of the Iron-Blood Camp had just been blown.

It was hard to say whether it was because he had well recovered or had greatly improved his strength after eating the two fruits from the small tree, but after only one week, Zhang Tie already felt that the heavy sword was a bit lighter than before, and he could move it much more easily.

When Zhang Tie went downstairs, he met another second lieutenant who had just gotten up. At the sight of the over two meter long heavy sword on Zhang Tie's shoulder, that second lieutenant was so surprised that his mouth open wide enough to hold a chicken egg.

"Morning, Second Lieutenant Goethe!" Zhang Tie enthusiastically greeted the second lieutenant of the second company of the Iron-Blood Camp who lived on floor three.



"Is the big thing on your shoulder... is it painted wood?"

The second lieutenant stared at Zhang Tie with disbelief. When Zhang Tie greeted him, he could easily and steadily hold it by only one hand. His performance formed a sharp contrast between his average figure and that huge thing on his shoulder which arouse second lieutenant's suspicion.

Zhang Tie just gave him a smile. Second lieutenant Goethe then walked over and flicked at the blade of the huge sword with his finger. Hearing no sound at all due to its heavy weight, Second Lieutenant Goethe's face immediately twitched. He forcefully swallowed his saliva and stared at Zhang Tie with surprise.

"How heavy it is?"

"358 kg!"

"Is this your main battle weapon?"

"Yes, when adviser Vessie took me to select my weapons in the arsenal, I felt that this heavy sword was convenient, so I chose it!" Zhang Tie answered in an innocent way.

'What the f*ck is this thing?'

At the sight of the huge saw teeth on the other side of the huge battle sword, Second Lieutenant Goethe felt cold sweat go down his neck. 'Dear god! Why not strike me with that lightning bolt? I also want to get a Post-Lightning Stroke Savant Syndrome!'

Zhang Tie then went downstairs together with Goethe. The latter was really scared. When they parted at the entrance of the dorm building, Zhang Tie came directly to the place where Third Platoon was doing its morning drill.

He then forcefully stuck the blade of the heavy sword into the ground, leaving it leaning there. Zhang Tie himself then waited for those guys of Third Platoon to come out.

Five minutes after the morning horn was blown, fifty tough men of Fifth Company's Third Platoon of the Iron-Blood Camp quickly collected in the place of assemblage. Of course, everybody noticed Zhang Tie in his combat suit and that terrifying battle sword before him. Not only them, even half of the people on the training ground had taken notice of it.

As a platoon leader, Zhang Tie's mission was to lead these guys to complete the two hours' basic training in the morning. Besides that, he could also formulate training content.

"This morning, we will carry out strength training. Have you noticed this sword? If you want to show me you're real men, go pull out of this sword from the ground and insert it back into the ground like how you f*ck women. If you can't even do these simple movements, from today on, you should better not say that you're men in front of me..."

With a smile on his face, Zhang Tie said words as venomous as snake's bite which stimulated those guys' pitiful self-esteem of male animals.

Similar to Second Lieutenant Goethe, at the sight of this sword, some of the men also thought that it was just a mischievous trick of Second Lieutenant Mummy—painting a wooden sword to cheat others.

Many people were exchanging glances.

"Who'd like to try and prove that they're a man?"

"I would!"

Beckham, who was roughly two meters in height, walked out of the group and stopped before Zhang Tie. Stretching out his two hands, Beckham took hold of the sword's handle. The moment he did so, his face immediately changed as his sense of touch told him that the sword was not made of wood.

"Arghh!"

Beckham growled like a beast. He then made a Ma Bu [1]. Muscles and veins popped out all over him, face turned completely red as he tried to pull the huge sword out of the ground.

After the 358 kgs' huge sword was thrust into the ground, one needed much more than that the force of that weight to pull it out. Likewise, it was not difficult for one to punch out 358 kgs' force, but it was much more difficult for one to pick up a 358 kgs' item.

Finally, when Beckham's forehead oozed out sweat, he could pull it out less than 10 cm.

After growling like a beast for three minutes, Beckham finally felt soft on his feet, like becoming exhausted all at once, and threw himself onto the ground. After clumsily standing up, shame was written all over his face.

"Who's next!"

Everybody then stared at each other.

"You don't even have courage to prove yourself?" Zhang Tie mocked.

"How will you prove us that you've inserted it into the ground yourself? How will you prove us that you're a real man?" a trouble-maker in the platoon rebutted in a weird tone.

"That's very simple!"

Zhang Tie smiled as he started to use his Qi. Then, he merely used one hand to pull that huge sword out of the ground. After that, he inserted it back in front of everybody; it entered two feet into the ground. He then pulled it out once again and inserted it back.

Seeing Zhang Tie do that twice in a row, everybody became silent, even the trouble-makers shut their mouths...

With his hands crossed behind his back, Zhang Tie looked like a highly skilled fighter. However, his muscles and veins on the hand that he had used to pull out the sword had already started to quiver. Zhang Tie then held it using his another hand.

Although he looked calm in others' eyes, he felt that he had already used up his most of his energy. Only after two-three slashes, the muscles on his right hand had begun to shake like strings of a harp, sending out a protest to Zhang Tie.

A though flashed across Zhang Tie's mind, 'If I could've killed a pile of huge wolves and eaten several Huge Wolf Seven-Strength Fruits, it would be much easier for me to do this.'

After seeing the demonstration done twice, everybody started to queue up so as to try whether they could pull it out of the ground and insert it back. Everybody wanted to see how powerful Zhang Tie was.

After all the 50 plus guys tried it, their eyes started to fill with awe towards Zhang Tie. Seeing such a great power in front of them, nobody wanted to speak ill of him anymore.

In the end, not only the soldiers of Third Platoon, even other soldiers and military officers of the Iron-Blood Camp had queued up to have a try. They all wanted to test 'whether they were men or not'...

In the end, the soldiers of the Iron-Blood Camp formulated a ranking.

Those who could not move the sword at all were women; those who could pull part of it out of the ground were half-women; those who could completely pull it out of the ground, yet failed to insert it in were half-men; those who could pull it out and reluctantly insert into the ground, yet couldn't ensure that it stood steadily were impotent men. Only those who could pull it out of the ground and ferociously insert it in, letting it stand steady were real men.

What is a real man? A real man can pull it out and insert it back in!

The entire morning, groups of soldiers and military officers of the Iron-Blood Camp were drawn in by Zhang Tie to growl all over the training ground. Tough guys competed with each other with sweat pouring down their shoulders to gain the reputation of a real man. Those who called Zhang Tie a boy toy immediately found that they could not even match a boy toy. Therefore, they all felt very shameful.

When it was close to lunch time, even Colonel Reinhardt was attracted.

Under the adoring gazes of a pile of animals, the heavy sword was easily pulled out of the ground by Colonel Reinhardt. After several leisurely waves, he slashed with it downwards. At the same time, an invincible strength surged forward from his sword like a lightning bolt and directly plowed a gap in the ground which was one foot in depth and ten meters in length.

Everybody was shocked by such a lightning bolt, including Zhang Tie.

"Hahahaha, this sword feels really great. I'll get one to play with one day..." Colonel Reinhardt burst out laughing loudly. "Let all the bastards have a try today. All those called women are forbidden to eat today. From now on, I'd like one competition like this every week, with those who end up called women not allowed to eat on that day. Half-women can only eat one meal. Those who make progress will enjoy an extra meal. As to those real men, this father will award them with a pack of cigars..."

Saying this, Colonel Reinhardt pulled out a pack of cigars and threw it to Zhang Tie. At the sight of it the pile of animals all drooled.

After reaching his goal, Zhang Tie scratched his head. "Colonel, I'll need to use this sword in the afternoon. There might not be enough time for everybody to have a try. If so, I'm afraid that it could not come to an end until night!"

"What are you using the sword for in the afternoon?"

"Someone wants to duel me, I have to be there!" Zhang Tie honestly replied.

After saying that, Zhang Tie found that it had suddenly become quiet around. Soon after, including Reinhardt, everybody became infuriated.

"What?! Which bastard dared to call for a duel with a military officer of us, the Iron-Blood Camp?"

Like a lion instigated by an insect, Reinhardt's angry voice was so loud that it shocked the entire Iron-Blood Camp.

"F*ck him, f*ck him..."

"Call the brothers of the Armored Vehicle Camp to start the war chariots..."

"Get your weapons!"

Everybody then became highly spirited, especially Zhang Tie's men of Third Platoon who had been conquered by him. They were so excited that they ran around jumping like madmen.

'Why are they so excited? It's just a duel. No need to make a fuss.'

Zhang Tie felt muddled-headed...

[1] Ma Bu is a basic skill for Kungfu learners. When practicing Ma Bu, they have to steadily stand on the ground with their knees bent like how a horse stands on the ground. After they pass the Ma Bu pass, they could steadily stand on the ground instead of falling down when they fight others.



* * *





Chapter 175




This day, the Seventh National Male Middle School was much more boisterous than ever before. Although it was still summer holidays, the amount of people who poured into school today was several times larger than normally. Upon hearing the rumors about the duel, everybody surged into the school in the afternoon, including Zhang Tie's classmates, male and female students from other schools who had attended the survival training, and others from all walks of lives.

The Seventh National Male Middle School in Blackhot City was a sea of people. Not only the playgrounds where Zhang Tie would duel with Sodor, even the corridors in the teaching buildings were crowded.

Barley and the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood had come, as well as 64 brothers of Gods Bliss Association whom Zhang Tie had cheated in the mine, Pandora, Alice, Beverly, and roughly 1000 female students from two female middle schools and teachers from several schools.

This duel was the first public duel in Blackhot City in the last dozens of years, also the first duel after Blackhot City was incorporated into the Norman Empire.

Events like duels could arise many people's curiosities, let alone it happening so close to them. So nobody wanted to miss it.

Because the school was too populous, the Military Administration of Blackhot City dispatched several groups of soldiers here to preserve the order in case of riots.

As for the duel itself, even the Military Administration of Blackhot City had no right to interfere with it. Additionally, they had to ensure that it went on under the premise of openness and justice.

Compared to the Andaman Alliance which forbade duels, they were a very sacred and solemn ceremony in the Norman Empire. All the legitimate duels would be protected by the laws of the empire. As for duels for revenge between blood-tied members of two families based on barbarous survival training's rules, they were forbidden to be interfered by others.

From the school gate inward, the soldiers in dark red military uniforms and armors, with weapons in hands, stood in every corner of the campus, which gave this duel an air of solemness and dignity.

Although many people had gathered in the campus, nobody shouted loudly. They were just sharing their opinions about its outcome and how it would proceed. As for the cause of this duel, over 1000 people had heard it when Garner and Sharon poured out the whole story when they saw that Zhang Tie had broken Zuhair's neck in the canteen—Zuhair was the one who had thought up the conspiracy to kill Zhang Tie. The latter then killed Zuhair to repay him with the same. As to killing a person that planned to dispose of you by sick means, there was nothing wrong with getting back at him without kindness.

Since Zuhair's death was not worth pity at all, when his elder brother Sodor appeared at school, what waited for him were whispers and hisses.

The only thing that made people curious was how could Glaze disappear in the survival training. Many people speculated that he had encountered Zhang Tie somewhere, and then was killed. As Zhang Tie had not admitted to this particular murder, this speculation lacked good foundations.

Additionally, Zhang Tie was only a LV 2 warrior in many people's eyes, so how could he kill Glaze who was already LV 3? Someone then thought of Zhang Tie's legendary lance throwing skills. If he used them, it was possible that he might have killed Glaze.

If Zhang Tie's lance throwing was truly as great as rumored, then even if he was only a LV 2 warrior, he could still easily kill a LV 3 one. If a lance fell from the sky, making a hole in his chest, Glaze would also have been killed, even if he was as strong and agile as a LV 3 warrior. Before such a powerful throwing weapon, there was no chance for him to be resist.

However, in today's duel, Zhang Tie was forbidden to use lances or any other throwing weapons. Zuhair's elder brother was already a LV 4 warrior. If Zhang Tie, a fresh graduate who was LV 2—at most LV 3—who had just completed the survival training had to fight against him, was there a chance for him to win?

When Sodor appeared, he was holding his weapon - an upgraded standard-issue spear produced in Blackhot City. It was over two meters in length and made completely out of steel. Its head was heavier in weight and greater in diameter than of average standard spears. It weighted more than 30 kg. A LV 4 warrior not using a long sword but such a heavy long-handled weapon to fight a fresh graduate—it seemed that Sodor planned to be extremely shameless.

As for a LV 2, even a LV 3 graduate, no matter what weapon he chose, long or short, if he had to face a LV 4 warrior with long-handled weapon in hand, he would be killed before even getting close to his opponent. This was the advantage of weapons with long handles. Even if the weapon was one inch longer, it would be more powerful. On the premise that there was a great gap in fighting force between the two parties, the advantage of long-handled weapons was very decisive.

Many people saw through Sodor's plans. So when he took his long spear and stood on the high platform with his arms crossed, the hisses from the surroundings became louder.

The two brothers of Zuhair's family were each more shameless than the other.

Not influenced by the crowd's reaction, Sodor revealed a shadow of a cold smile on his face. He raised his head and looked at the sun, waiting for the beginning of the duel.

The duels of the Norman Empire were usually fixed at 2:00 pm. It shouldn't be too early or too late. This was the decree of the Norman Empire which was said to have been borrowed from eastern wisdom.

Because the sun was hanging high in the sky at this time of day, and was also the brightest, it had the most abundant yang Qi of the day. Additionally, people killed at this time would not form wronged ghosts while the killer would not get entangled with wronged ghosts. Therefore, this time was suitable for duels and executing criminals.

Seeing Sodor's confident look, many people who cared about Zhang Tie started to worry about him, such as those members of Gods Bliss Association who didn't know about Zhang Tie's recent change in status.

"Do you think Zhang Tie will be okay this time?" Potter the fire holder asked Francis in a low voice with an expression of full concerns. They were both standing on a high platform occupied by the members of Gods Bliss Association,

"The enlightened one will be okay. Don't forget that he has been blessed by the Big Blessing Skill!" Francis replied in a low voice too.

They then whispered to each other among the crowd of Gods Bliss Association, not afraid of being overhead by the surrounding people. "It's said that many brothers have already sensed a bit of the effect of the Big Blessing Skill. What's that feeling?"

"I don't know whether it's the effect of Big Blessing Skill or not, but many brothers have felt increasingly more relaxed recently. They always feel like they're filled with a sense of pleasure. I've two similar experiences too!" Potter whispered.

"That's right. We should have confidence in the one that has enlightened us!"

The son of a gardener in Blackhot City nodded with great force, a sense of sacredness in his eyes. Saint, as his appellation, had brought him an unprecedented sense of holiness. Other people couldn't sense it. However, Francis could. Seemingly after obtaining this appellation, he had gradually lost his feeling of inferiority and narrow-mindedness. He started to treat the misfortunes and bitterness of daily life in a different way. Having benefited from this, he became even more positive and compromising.

Only after being back home for several days, his family members had already felt his changes. After returning, whether being beaten or sworn at by his drunken father, Francis didn't rebut anymore. Neither did he glare at his father. Instead, he silently bore it all, exerting all his efforts to be a responsible son.

An unprecedented sensation had arisen in Francis's heart. He found that when one decided to be a 'saint', he would not consider himself anymore, instead, he would only consider others. In his heart, a wholly new and glamorous self gradually appeared.

On the evening four days ago, his dad had come back home very late after drinking a lot of alcohol. If it was before, Francis would have quarreled with his dad, loudly. However, this time he didn't. He just calmly stayed at home like an 'innocent son'.

When his dad knocked on the door, Francis opened it and helped his dad walk in. He then started to clean off the vomit from his dad's clothes. After that, he washed his dad's face and cleaned his body before feeding him with the sobering soup. Afterwards, he took the supper back to the dining table. Although he was repaid by his drunk dad punching him in the face, Francis didn't have any response, instead, he continued to be that 'innocent son without any private thoughts'.

Finally, when he started to wash his dad's feet, a tear suddenly rolled down his father's cheek, his eyes fixated on him. From that day onward, his dad seemed like a completely different person. He didn't even drink a drop of alcohol anymore.

Each time he wanted to drink, he would sip a mouthful of vinegar. As a result, Francis' family had already started to change.

He owed all the changes to the effect of becoming a sacred 'saint' upon joining that divine ceremony. Francis felt that he had already understood a bit about the secret of being a 'saint'...

Sodor, on the duel platform urged those teachers who acted as notaries to call Zhang Tie out. However, Zhang Tie didn't show himself.

About ten minutes before the duel was to start, when the masses had already decided that Zhang Tie did not dare not to come and were whispering to each other about it, Zhang Tie finally arrived.

Nobody could have imagined the way he would present himself...

Hiss arrival caused chaos to break out in the campus...

In a valiant second lieutenant's combat suit of the Norman Empire, Zhang Tie appeared outside the school gate on the top of a wheeled armored vehicle, followed by dozens of military vehicles full of soldiers from the Iron-Blood Camp. These military vehicles drove directly through the school's gate and stopped in front of the duel platform in the playgrounds.

Many people immediately recognized that the arrogant person dressed as a second lieutenant sitting on top of an armored vehicle of the Norman Empire was the protagonist of today's duel -

Zhang Tie!

Then, all the onlookers became dumbfounded, and the entire campus became quiet at once...



* * *





Chapter 176




Everybody became dumbfounded and kept quiet when Zhang Tie jumped off the armored vehicle.

Zhang Tie knew that this went too far. However, he hadn't imagined that after the guys of the Iron-Blood Camp learned that someone would challenge him to a duel, they would treat this as a provocation towards the whole Iron-Blood Camp itself, a spit on on their name.

Because the Iron-Blood Camp was known to have the highest casualty rate in the Norman Empire, in the hearts of the soldiers who believed in the Battle God, if a person wanted to duel with one from that camp, it indicated that he swore to those guys of the Iron-Blood Camp to die as soon as possible on the battlefields.

Zhang Tie was speechless when he heard about this. Thankfully, after hearing the cause of this duel, not all the guys of the Iron-Blood Camp rushed out. Under the order of boss Reinhardt, only a small portion were allowed to set out.

Over one hundred people surged out of the camp in armored or military vehicles. Extremely infuriated, those tough men from the Iron-Blood Camp wanted to have a look at what kind of an able bastard dared to duel with the No. 1 real man in the Iron-Blood Camp.

The moment Zhang Tie jumped off the armored vehicle, two leaders of small teams dispatched by the Military Administration of the Norman Empire to maintain order ran towards him. Standing at attention, they made military salutes towards Zhang Tie.

"Sir, we've received the order of the Military Administration of the Norman Empire to maintain order here. We wonder why would brothers of the Iron-Blood Camp would come here, and whether you need our coordination so as to unify the command!"

In the Norman Empire which had a strict hierarchical system, without any special occasion, in any place full of soldiers, especially in executing tasks, the person who had the highest rank at present would have the highest authority.

Now at school, Zhang Tie had the highest military rank, that of second lieutenant's, therefore, the two team leaders which were dispatched to ensure that everything went well ran towards him of their own initiative to ask whether he wanted to guide their movements or not. This indicated the self-consciousness of a soldier of the Norman Empire.

"No need, I'm here for a private thing. You just execute your tasks, maintain the order well!"

"Yes sir!"

Although curious, the two team leaders didn't dare to ask more.

At this time, the order at school couldn't be better, especially when a batch of tough men jumped off the armored vehicles one by one; none of the onlookers dared to make a noise. Many people who came to watch the fun even had started to regret their decision. They all started to pray inside, wishing not to get involved with any kind of troubles. As citizens of an occupied city, many people here were naturally awed by the Norman Empire's soldiers in their dark red military uniforms.

Watched by these many people, Zhang Tie felt his skin under the combat clothes start to heat up. Those familiar with him all cast amazed and disbelieving eyes at him.

At the sight of Captain Kerlin, Zerom, and the other teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee that was set in the Wild Wolf Castle, Zhang Tie walked over to them and saluted those teachers on his own.

"I'm sorry about what I did in the Wild Wolf Castle, sorry to bring you trouble..."

Because Captain Kerlin and Zerom had long known Zhang Tie's status because he had revealed it to them before, although they were still shocked at the sight of him, they could understand what had happened. However, the other teachers were so shocked that they didn't even know what to say.

A fresh graduate had immediately become a second lieutenant of the Norman Empire. This was rarely seen even across the Norman Empire itself, let alone Blackhot City, which had been occupied by for less than one month.

In many people's eyes, Zhang Tie was simply as shiny as a sun.

Was this Zhang Tie a love child of a big figure in the Norman Empire left in Blackhot City? such a thought flashed across many people's mind at once.

Captain Kerlin recovered his composure and walked onto the dueling platform before loudly declaring, "Since Zhang Tie has arrived, we shall start the duel!" .

After walking onto the dueling platform, at the sight of Sodor whose face had turned completely white, Zhang Tie grinned.

Many people who didn't know him before screamed at the sight of Zhang Tie walking onto the dueling platform. Those voices were closely followed by gasps and coughs.

"Weapons are allowed to be used in this duel. Sodor chose a long spear, you can also choose the same weapon!" Captain Kerlin reminded Zhang Tie.

"Get out of the way, get out of the way, here's our platoon leader's weapon..."

The moment Captain Kerlin finished talking, Beckham and Moos, two 'half-women' of Third Platoon, brought Zhang Tie's terrifying battle sword onto platform. Stretching out one hand, Zhang Tie picked up the 358 kgs' battle sword.

Another batch of onlookers were shocked into silence now. Motherf*cker, was that terrifying battle sword the size of a door used to fight?

Seeing Zhang Tie holding that terrifying battle sword in his hand, Sodor was really scared, his long spear even slid down to the ground from his hand, causing a loud 'dong' sound. Face gone completely pale, Sodor hurriedly bent over to pick it up.

Looking at Sodor's stupefied look, those soldiers surrounding the duel platform became really infuriated. Such a timid guy dared to seek a duel with a military officer of the Iron-Blood Camp, and even one that had a weird strength while also being favored by the Battle God. That timid guy was really not afraid of death!

Beckham and Moos who had carried in Zhang Tie's weapon immediately grinned. "Platoon Leader, is that stupid guy the one who wants to duel with you?"

"Yea!"

Zhang Tie nodded.

"Don't let that guy die too fast. That would humiliate your nickname Mummy. It's not interesting to directly cut him in two halves. Like how you pat cucumbers, you should pat him all over from his feet to his head with this 'Man's Certification'!"

"Piss off!"

Hearing Beckham call his nickname on this occasion, Zhang Tie was driven so mad that he even wanted to kick this guy off the platform.

'Man's Certification' was the name the soldiers gave to Zhang Tie's battle sword. They knew that the battle sword had been in the division's arsenal for a very long time since no lieutenant could use it. When they learned that Zhang Tie could attack with it, everybody felt a sense of honor. No matter what, the guy who could use this 'Man's Certification' was a military officer of the Iron-Blood Camp, which could certify again that the Iron-Blood Camp was the most powerful troop in the entire division. That was enough.

"Can we start?" Zhang Tie asked the one-eyed man who had walked down the dueling platform. At present, there were only two people on the platform - Zhang Tie and Sodor, who was quivering all over.

"Yes, you can start!"

...

It was hard to say whether it was because he was too afraid or for some other reason, the moment the one-eyed man declared the start of the duel, Sodor howled like a ghost, cried like his parents had died, and darted towards Zhang Tie with a long spear in hand.



In Zhang Tie's eyes, Sodor's attack was pretty naive whatever you looked at: strength, speed, moves, or conviction. He looked like a toddler who had just learned how to walk and now with a wooden stick in hand rushed towards Zhang Tie, eyes closed.

When his long spear was about to reach Zhang Tie, Sodor really closed his eyes.

Zhang Tie was left speechless. With just a slight wave of his 'Man's Certification', he hit Sodor and sent him flying back to fall onto the ground ten meters away. He went back at a speed three-five times greater than when he had rushed towards Zhang Tie, and upon landing was unable to pick himself up from the ground.

At the same time, Sodor's long spear also flew high into the air, falling back to the platform along with Sodor, and causing a crisp sound as it bounced off the ground for a couple of times, its shaft curving.

Seeing this duel, the onlookers under the platform were all greatly shocked. With merely one hit, the middle part of Sodor's additionally weighted steel long spear had formed a curve of 60 degrees. What great strength would it take for Zhang Tie to bend the steel handle of a long spear?

All the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood widely opened their eyes like seeing Zhang Tie for the first time. A LV 4 warrior was driven mad and destroyed like a turd under Zhang Tie's nonchalant counterattack. Was this person their good brother or not? Barley and the other members were all left muddle-headed.

Pandora and Alice immediately covered their mouths. Was this person that susceptible youth who had embraced them to justify himself, and the one that would think about them when he saw black mulberry seeds in the wild? The jealous eyes of the women of the Rose Association fell onto Pandora, Alice, and Beverly.

Seeing the scene on the platform, the eyes of the brothers of the Gods Bliss Association became shiny. Tightly grasping their fists, they all felt like they were being scorched inside. From then on, everybody's belief in the Big Blessing Skill and the mysterious ancient gods became as firm as iron. In their eyes, Zhang Tie became as lofty as the gods.

Everybody cast their eyes on Zhang Tie in different moods!

Zhang Tie himself was patting Sodor right now! If he cut him by placing his sword horizontally, four halves would be seen on the platform: two halves of Sodor, two halves of his long spear. Then everything would come to an end, but Zhang Tie did not do that.

Merely by this counterattack, all the teachers with high fighting skills could judge that Zhang Tie was powerful, very powerful, especially his weird strength, which was far out of the public's imagination. Merely because of that pure physical strength, Zhang Tie's fighting strength had already reached the level of a LV 7 warrior.

Would Zhang Tie really pat Sodor to death like how one patted a cucumber? The teachers of the Temporary Supervision Committee all had strange faces. Miss Qili's turned completely blue, Zerom frowned as he looked at Kerlin, who then slightly shook his head—based on Kerlin's understanding about the youth, he didn't believe that he was that cruel.

With one hand dragging his huge sword behind himself, Zhang Tie walked towards Sodor step by step, leaving a groove of medium depth on the cement ground of the platform...



* * *





Chapter 177




The entire playground became quiet. Everybody cast their eyes onto Zhang Tie. They could only hear his calm footsteps and the friction between that terrifying battle sword and the cement ground.

Zhang Tie's strike convinced all the onlookers. At the sight of his huge strength and skills, all the soldiers of Third Platoon, Fifth Company of the Iron-Blood Camp shrunk their necks. With such a powerful man as their platoon leader, nobody would have any different opinions about it. At this time, when they recalled that Zhang Tie had sworn to protect them on the battlefield the first time he saw them, many people felt a warm flow in their hearts.

Although Zhang Tie sincerely said it in the past, those guys didn't believe in those words because none had sensed Zhang Tie's real strength. However, now, when they had all witnessed his real capabilities, they started to feel warm about his sincerity.

Zhang Tie's strike against Sodor shocked the soldiers of the Iron-Blood Camp more than when he had taken up the 'Man's Certification' by one hand in the morning. The latter simply indicated Zhang Tie's huge strength while the formed revealed his ability to be depended on and trusted in a battlefield. They were very different from each other!

At this moment, Sodor was miserably lying on the ground, the part between his thumbs and index fingers bleeding, torn open, wrists and forearms broken and twisted. Sodor looked as white as a piece of paper, spitting fresh blood out of his mouth.

Although clear-minded, he had completely lost his ability to move. Widely opening his empty and frightened eyes, he looked at Zhang Tie who was dragging that terrifying sword of death towards him.

Lifting his sword with one hand, Zhang Tie put the blade onto Sodor's neck. At this moment, if he loosened his grip, without even having to use his strength, he could cut off Sodor's head with this 'Man's Certification'.

"Do you know why I killed Zuhair?" Zhang Tie asked Sodor.

"I know!" After being silent for two seconds, Sodor replied in a hoarse and quivering voice.

"If you were me and someone wanted to kill you in that way, when you could kill him, would you kill him?"

"Yes, I would!" Sodor squeezed out hard. "But Zuhair is my younger brother..."

"If you had said no and wanted to reason this out with me by using your small tricks, I would have cut off your head right away. But as you said yes, I will not kill you today!"

When Zhang Tie declared that, everybody was stunned. Even Sodor who was lying on the ground didn't believe that, his eyes widening even more than before.

Zhang Tie immediately took away his sword from Sodor's neck and hefted it onto his shoulder.

"The reason I killed Zuhair was that there was an animosity between us, while you seek revenge because you're Zuhair's elder brother. As your younger brother was killed by me, no matter for what reason, you have to take revenge for him, otherwise you'll have no face to stay in Blackhot City anymore. Nor would you have the face to see your family members, relatives, and friends.

"Everyone would then regard you as a loser and a wimp. You would not raise your head up in public anymore.

"As you're committed to take revenge for your younger brother through this duel, I agree and respect your choice to seek for a duel with me as I have an elder brother too. Now that the result of this duel has come out, and you've tried your best stand stand behind your choice, everything will be over then."

"You... really won't kill me?" Sodor stammered out.

"You should feel lucky that as a person who grew up in Blackhot City, I don't want for the first person I kill in this military uniform to be one who is also from Blackhot City like me. Therefore, I won't kill you today. However, you have to remember that you only have one chance to survive. If you dare to seek revenge again or will try to do harm to me for Zuhair's death in the future, once I hear of it, I'll kill you without any hesitation!" Zhang Tie explained to Sodor in an icy tone.

Looking at Zhang Tie's icy eyes, Sodor quivered all over. He lowered his gaze, not daring to meet that freezing look of the other anymore.

Zhang Tie then walked off the platform, leaving Sodor lying there alone. After exchanging glances with each other, Zerom and Kerlin both saw a shadow of gratification in the other's eyes.

Many teachers let out a sigh inside. After experiencing this frustration and being taught a lesson, if Sodor wanted to find Zhang Tie trouble later on, he would definitely be seeking death. Zhang Tie's real strength, status, or the Norman Empire's laws, Sodor could not face any of them.

Once he considered to do harm to Zhang Tie, whatever he did, success or not, what awaited him would only be death. There would never be a second chance. Judging from his expression, Sodor was not that righteous man who dared to take death calmly, like going home. As for ones who treasured their own lives very much, few of them would do something when they knew that the only outcome of it would be death.

Zhang Tie's reason for not killing Sodor showed others his inner brilliance and kindness. Including those soldiers of the Iron-Blood Camp, everybody showed their sincere respect to Zhang Tie for his choice of not killing Sodor.

At this moment, Sodor was given support to leave the dueling platform by several of his men, all of their heads lowered down. As for Sodor's fair-weather friends who had come here together with him, they had already slipped away the moment Zhang Tie stepped onto the platform. It was not a wise choice for them to get involved in a duel with a military officer of the Norman Empire in the city which had just been incorporated into that particular empire's territory.

They were scared of trouble.

...

This moment, the most brilliant existence in the entire school campus was Zhang Tie. He was surrounded by soldiers of the Norman Empire, who were maintaining order. Many of the onlookers wanted to push close to have a look at Zhang Tie, however, they didn't dare to push through the soldiers.

Zhang Tie caught sight of the brothers of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, Blues, Peter, Pandora, Alice, and Beverly among the crowd. They were all very thrilled, faces red.

After waving his hand towards those people, Zhang Tie then handed his huge sword to Beckham and Moos. "You go back first, as I've studied here, I have a lot of friends to meet. I will go back in the evening!"

Although the duel was not splendid, all the brothers of the Iron-Blood Camp felt that they had not arrived here in vain. Through this duel, they had learned more about Zhang Tie and felt more awe towards him. Everybody started to treat Zhang Tie as a reliable partner.

After a loud shout, all the brothers of the Iron-Blood Camp started to get back into their vehicles. At the same time, the two team leaders on duty here also came over to report to Zhang Tie that they would collect their teams too. After that, students and the other onlookers all drew closer.

As it was not suitable to talk here, without saying anything, Zhang Tie just stretched out his arms to embrace Barley and the other brothers.

Seeing that Zhang Tie was still as enthusiastic with them as before even at this moment, Barley, Bagdad, Hista, Leit, Sharwin, Doug, Blues, Peter, and Bonder all laughed out loudly, feeling highly spirited.

"You liar, you've really tricked us! How could you become so great this quickly?" Blues asked when they were embracing, patting Zhang Tie's shoulder.

"It's a long story. I'll invite you all tonight. We'll find a place to eat and chat. I will then introduce some of my good brothers to you!"

"Fine, I heard Norman Empire's soldiers enjoy a good treatment, so we'll not worry about eating all of your coins!‘

Zhang Tie revealed a smile.

...

Although Pandora, Alice, and Beverly had intended to come over, the other girls in the crowd quickly pushed them aside, not caring for who they were.

They were just Zhang Tie's girl friends. Additionally, they weren't acquainted with Zhang Tie for a long time, and might not even have slept on the same bed. On top of that, even though he already had three girls, for such an impressive man who was extremely excellent, he must not mind having several more.

Driven more mad by the second, the three girls could only watch Zhang Tie get surrounded by a bunch of girls at once.

"They're all bitches of the Rose Association!" With her hair turned into a mess by those girls, Alice swore. She then rearranged her hair and nervously exclaimed, "Hurry up, help me look at my hair. I really don't want to be seen by him like a mad grandma with untidy hair!"

"No need, he's already seen that!"

Beverly smiled.

"If he's our man, nobody can grab him away from us!"

Pandora also smiled.

With eyes fixed on them, Zhang Tie walked directly towards them. At this moment, he was filled with a sharpness and attentiveness. The surrounding girls didn't dare to hold him back. Seeing him walking over to the three girls instead of themselves, they all hurriedly gave way.

As a result, the three girls who had been pushed behind the crowd immediately became outstanding again.

Stopping before the three girls, Zhang Tie stretched out his arms and smiled. "I've not told you that day because I really wanted to give you a surprise in this military uniform! Alice, actually your hair looks nice no matter how they look!"

The three girls were moved and found it hilarious at the time.

When Zhang Tie intended to embrace the three girls, his smile suddenly froze. All the onlookers and their voices seemed to disappear in a strange point in time that could not be described by words.

With a surging spiritual energy, in a split second, Zhang Tie felt a sharp killing intent that covered him and the three girls. All of a sudden, he felt like he was about to step into a thorn bush, a sharp item about to break his clothes and thrust into his body.

There was only one phrase that could be used to describe Zhang Tie's feeling - on tenterhooks.

Actually, at this moment, due to an early warning by his high spiritual energy, Zhang Tie had several methods to avoid such an abrupt attack. However, if he escaped by himself, the three girls in front of him would hardly survive as they had no preparations at all.

So in the period that was much shorter than one second, Zhang Tie did two things: forcefully pushed the three girls aside, and turned back...

Two sprays of spurting blood came out of Zhang Tie's body almost at the same time while the third bolt shot towards the place where Alice had stood just moment ago.

Zhang Tie didn't fall down, but instead watched the person who had suddenly thrown down the quiver and jumped out of the crowd in an extremely calm way that could not be understood.

"Pay me back for my son Glaze's life!"

The person rushed towards Zhang Tie with a dagger in hand, like a fierce tiger with a huge black spider's totem of battle Qi behind him.

'F*ck!'

Zhang Tie knew who that person was...

At this moment, Zhang Tie felt like he was in a trouble-reappearance situation. It didn't feel like this was his own body.

When that person was less than two meters away from him, Zhang Tie pulled out the bolt from his left shoulder with his right hand. At the same time, he threw it back with great force. As a result, that bolt penetrated through that person's left eye socket and directly entered his brain. Closely after that, the huge black spider behind him dispersed. Although he still came surging forward, he fell down in front of Zhang Tie's feet.

Nobody else had realized what was happening. Only now did the girls nearby start to scream loudly...

The two wounds on Zhang Tie's body immediately started to feel numb and stiff. Additionally, the sense of stiffness started to spread all over his body. The last image in Zhang Tie's eyes was a group of soldiers of the Iron-Blood Camp darting over like furious tigers while he seemed to be hearing Alice's cries.

'That bastard dared to daub quick-acting poison on the bolts!'

'I really suffered a great loss in this life. This father is still a virgin before death!'

'Mom, dad, sorry...'

Face starting to turn blue, Zhang Tie's body turned numb and he fell to the ground, causing a great chaos across the campus.



* * *





Chapter 178




Evening of August 9th, Holy Brilliance Hospital, the best hospital in Blackhot City...

When Colonel Leibniz came to the hospital, it was already past 8:00 pm. By the time he came, full-armored soldiers of the No. 39 Division occupied each corner of the hospital. Not only the atmosphere in the hospital, even the entire Blackhot City became tense.

The one who assassinated Zhang Tie was a classmate's father whose son got lost during the survival training. That person firmly believed that Zhang Tie had killed his son. Therefore, he wanted him to pay for his son's life with his own.

If you ignored Zhang Tie's and Glaze's dad's statuses, it would be a trivial matter, but if their statuses were to be considered, this thing would become complicated.

Zhang Tie was a military officer of the Iron-Blood Camp of No. 39 Division of the Iron-Horn Army of the Norman Empire, while Glaze's dad, who was already dead, was the guard leader of Gregorian family, which was once one of the greatest families that ruled the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation of Blackhot City. Almost one seventh of the entire wealth across Blackhot City was occupied by Gregorian family.

If on the land that had been newly incorporated into the territory of the Norman Empire, a guard leader of a ruling family that had already lost its power dared to assassinate a military officer of the empire in public, the outcome would be very severe. Who knew whether there was a plot against the empire behind the killing?

Especially since the bolt container and the poison in which the bolts were quenched both originated from Gregorian family. Therefore, Gregorian family could not make this thing clear anymore.

The violent Iron-Blood Camp had already surrounded Gregorian family's fortress in Blackhot City, preparing to surge inside and eliminate every single person inside.

The other families in Blackhot City were so scared that they became as quiet as cicadas in late autumn. In case of repeated occurrence, Colonel Leibniz declared a curfew in Blackhot City. Now, on the avenue outside the hospital, soldiers in full-armor were patrolling with heavy killing intent.

As for these soldiers, they only needed to know one reason about this curfew—a military officer of the Iron-Blood Camp was assassinated by a guard of a rich family in Blackhot City.

...

Previously, Colonel Leibniz hadn't planned to go to the hospital as he had heard that Zhang Tie was dead. Upon hearing this message, he just signed inside. He could still remember the boy who was looked upon by the Battle God and was very energetic in the military uniform of the Norman Empire.

Colonel Leibniz had planned to build this youth into a main character of an interesting story in the cocktail party and salon of Nordinburg. Unexpectedly, he had died this way. It made Colonel Leibniz feel like he'd lost an interesting toy. The message brought him a similar sense as when an oak-root tobacco pipe was pushed off his writing desk by his cat.

Zhang Tie was poisoned by blue frost which was usually daubed on the blades or bolts by assassins. It was a rare poison with amazing killing effect. Commoners could not get this poison at all. In Blackhot City, only rich families like Gregorian might have some of it. The weapon and poison used to assassinate Zhang Tie were also from the arsenal of Gregorian family.

Upon touching blood, blue frost would be fatal in one minute. Mostly, it could not be cured. That was not to say that there was no antidote to deal with its toxicity, but the antidote for blue frost was hundreds of times more expensive and rarer than the blue frost itself. It could not be found in Blackhot City at all. Therefore, upon hearing his adviser's report about Zhang Tie's situation and confirmation that the youth was poisoned by blue frost, Colonel Leibniz treated him as a dead man.

Knowing that Zhang Tie was poisoned by blue frost, the entire Iron-Blood Camp was like a gunpowder barrel being ignited, with heavy killing intents, they all became infuriated and wanted to seek revenge from Gregorian family.

Previously, Colonel Leibniz didn't blame his cat for making his oak-root tobacco pipe fall to the ground, however, today, he had to pay great attention to this incident. He was the head of No. 39 division and the one assassinated was his man. At this moment, each soldier of the Norman Empire in Blackhot City represented the dignity and honor of the Norman Empire itself, especially when political intents were involved in this accident, he should not regard it as unimportant anymore.

In the entire afternoon, honorable lobbyists in Blackhot City who interceded for Gregorian family against those furious military officers of the Iron-Blood Camp, completely holding colonel back in the office. He couldn't leave his office at all. One party of high-ranking people defended the Gregorian family while the other wanted Leibniz to give orders to his soldiers to sweep over Gregorian family's fortress.

The Gregorian family had dispatched an assassin to kill a military officer of the Norman Empire in public. Once this guilt was verified, Gregorian family would be in great chaos.

Facing such an event, even the strong Gregorian family became restless. So at supper time, a head of another family which had ruled Blackhot City invited Colonel Leibniz to have supper in a private mansion in Blackhot City. On the table, Gregorian family expressed their 'sincerity' for complete settlement of this misunderstanding through an intermediator, which greatly moved Leibniz.

Although these 'dirty money' families which had dug mines for dozens of years in Blackhot City didn't have deep-rooted family histories nor great fighting force, by wealth, they even dwarfed the nobles of the Norman Empire. God knew how much wealth these families had accumulated by digging mines for dozens of years.

On one hand, Gregorian family's 'sincerity' made Colonel Leibniz's heart pound, but, on the other hand, this event was truly tricky, and it was rather difficult to satisfy both parties. Therefore, Colonel Leibniz was left scratching his head.

At this moment, he heard shocking news—that Zhang Tie, who had been poisoned by blue frost, was still alive.

Because of this, Colonel Leibniz saw a beacon of hope for the complete settlement of this event. Full of curiosity, he came to the hospital where Zhang Tie was brought.

...

The youth lay with his shoulders and abdomen wrapped with gauze. His face and skin looked terribly blue, making him a blue eggplant. So far, he was still in a comma. However, he was still breathing as people could see his chest and abdomen slightly rise and fall every couple of seconds.

Although Colonel Leibniz had seen a great amount of weird things in his life, he had to admit that the one happening to Zhang Tie would definitely rank in top three—a person poisoned by blue frost at least seven hours ago was still alive without taking in any antidote? With the toxicity of blue frost, even a magical beast would have been killed.

"Are you sure he's been poisoned by blue frost?" Leibniz asked a doctor.

Seemingly having expected that she would be asked this question, the doctor took a vial of blue liquid and a white rat. After that, before Colonel Leibniz eyes, she lowered the needle of the syringe into the vial before thrusting it into the white rat.

Under the gaze of Colonel Leibniz, that white rat only jumped twice before gradually becoming still. Ten seconds later, it started to convulse. After ten more seconds, that pitiful white rat's skin started to become blue. One minute later, its body became as stiff as a frozen piece of meat.

Colonel Leibniz didn't doubt it any more.

"This vial of blood was retrieved from him! We're sure that he had been poisoned by blue frost! As there is no antidote in the hospital, we don't have the treatment either. Therefore, we can only wrap and deal with his wounds. Compared to the toxicity of blue frost, his wounds were not fatal.

"Previously we thought that he would surely die this time. However, for some special reason, his physical condition is different from that of commoners. Under this event, others would have died hundreds of times by now. Nevertheless, the harm the blue frost brought to him is not as severe as what we've imagined. Therefore, he's still alive for now. This is definitely a miracle!"

A thought suddenly flashed across Colonel Leibniz's mind. He abruptly remembered that Zhang Tie had been struck by a lightning bolt. Was this a special ability that the youth had obtained after being struck by a lightning bolt?

"He's was struck by a lightning bolt and suffered Post-Lightning Stroke Savant Syndrome. He has extremely great strength. Besides, he can cultivate very fast. Is it possible for him to be able to resist blue frost after being struck by a lightning bolt?"

"This person is suffering from Post-Lightning Stroke Savant Syndrome?" The doctor was startled. After thinking for a while, she nodded. "It's very possible. Human body has countless secrets, just like a treasure bank. Nobody can say how much his body changed after being struck by lightning!"

"Will he wake up then?"

"Because his combat suit has good defense against bolts, the wound on his abdomen is very shallow. Although the wound on his shoulder is deeper, it isn't fatal. Judging by his breath frequency, blue frost's harm has been controlled by him. Although I cannot tell you that he will surely wake up, it is truly possible for him to wake up!"

"Fine, please give him the best treatment. This person is the most excellent military officer of the Norman Empire. He has an endless bright future!" Colonel Leibniz told the doctor.

"We will try our best!"

Before Colonel Leibniz left Zhang Tie's ward, he ordered a team of soldiers to stay in the hospital to stop anyone from disturbing the treatment. Meanwhile, he ordered them to keep secret about the current situation. If Zhang Tie woke up, they should bring him the news immediately.

Additionally, before getting into his exclusive vehicle, Colonel Leibniz allowed his adviser to go to the Iron-Blood Camp to tell those violent maniacs that Zhang Tie was not dead yet.

He also canceled the curfew in Blackhot City at once. Colonel Leibniz didn't want to make a big thing out of event today. Therefore, he sent a relief signal to someone in Blackhot City right away.

Soon after colonel Leibniz left, a large group of military officers of the Iron-Blood Camp headed by battalion commander Reinhardt rushed into the hospital like the wind and entered Zhang Tie's ward.

Seeing that Zhang Tie was still breathing after being poisoned by blue frost for such a long time, the military officers of the Iron-Blood Camp were somewhat dumbfounded.

After knowing the possible side effects of Post-Lightning Stroke Savant Syndrome, Reinhardt seriously asked Guderian, "I will have a try, how about that..."

"If you were struck by a lightning bolt to death, there would be no person who has formed Iron-Blood battle Qi across the entire No. 39 Division. Without anyone who has formed Iron-Blood battle Qi to succeed your position, the No. 39 Division's Iron-Blood Camp will get canceled! That would be a huge shock to the entire No. 39 Division. If so, No. 39 Division would be the only division abandoned by the Battle God in the Iron-Horn Army. Not only us, even colonel Leibniz would not allow you to do this..." Guderian calmly replied.

Reinhardt only let out a deep sigh. Everybody then cast admiring eyes onto Zhang Tie who was lying on the bed. Then everybody noticed that the patch of blue on his forehead had gradually become lighter...

In Zhang Tie's mind that could not be overheard or spied on by others, a message appeared...

——Manjusaka Karma Fruit tree has completed the judging and recombination of the toxin in your body; it is being cleared. Your physical functions are gradually recovering. Toxin-Resistance Fruit can be formed,

Yes or No?"

"Yes!"



* * *





Chapter 179




The chirping of birds outside the window woke Zhang Tie up. When he opened his eyes, he saw a cozy beige ceiling. A snow white quilt was covering him. Smelling the familiarly sterile environment, Zhang Tie immediately understood where he was.

He was lying in a hospital!

The moment Zhang Tie wanted to sit up by supporting himself with his hands, the pain on his left shoulder and abdomen made him grit his teeth at once, which reminded him of the two bolts before he fell to the ground at school.

'F*ck!'

Zhang Tie winced as he swore.

The wound on his abdomen was not very painful. In contrast, he was much more pained by the hollow where his chest connected with his shoulder.

Opening his quilt, Zhang Tie took a look at his body. Previously he felt excited about not having to be a mummy anymore, unexpectedly, he was now wrapped in even more gauze than last time.

'Is this the aftermath of the nickname Mummy?'

It was sunny outside the room. Hearing birds twittering and smelling flowers' fragrance, Zhang Tie got off the bed and walked close to the windowsill. Opening the window, he watched the scenery outside and took a deep breath.

Below was the hospital's garden. The scenery there was very good. Standing by the window, Zhang Tie judged the shapes of the buildings outside the garden and immediately knew where he was in—the Holy Brilliance Hospital of Blackhot City.

He had not imagined that he could ever stay in the best hospital of Blackhot City, seemingly placed in the senior individuals' ICU ward.

Zhang Tie mocked himself, 'The treatment of a military officer of the Norman Empire is really not bad.'

Seeing sunshine outside the window, while he was wrapped with gauze and bandages, Zhang Tie stretched out his hand to touch the warm sun's light. Feeling very happy, he closed his eyes.

Not until now when he sensed the warmth of the sunshine outside the window did he get rid of the last remnants of the terrifying poison.

It was a very horrible feeling, being stiff and cold. He had felt his blood and muscles freezing into ice from the toes to his tongue. It felt like his body no longer belonged to him. His physical body seemed to disappear, turning into ashes that scattered away, and left him no feeling anymore.

During that period, Zhang Tie thought that he would definitely die. A poison with such a quick-acting effect was obviously numerous times stronger than the greater rat poison in Donder's grocery store. It had taken less than five seconds for him to lose his senses after being shot by the bolts.

Thinking back to that feeling, Zhang Tie's heart pounded even now.

...

After standing close to the windowsill for less than two minutes, the door of the ward was pushed open, and a nurse entered. She seemed to have come to change fresh dressing for his wounds.

At the sight of Zhang Tie standing close to the window, she was really shocked and screamed out, 'Aaahh!'

The moment the nurse screamed, four soldiers in dark-red military uniforms rushed in.

"You woke up, sir?" a soldier asked with his eyes popping out.

"Did I sleep very long? What's the date today?" Zhang Tie asked.

"Today is August 11th, you've slept for two days, sir!"

...

Only a bit more than ten minutes later, Colonel Leibniz and a large group of military officers from the Iron-Blood Camp got the news. Everybody then hurriedly arrived at the hospital and poured into Zhang Tie's ward.

Seeing Zhang Tie awake, everybody let out a sigh.

By now, Zhang Tie had already learned the name of the poison - blue frost. In addition, he found out about some of the things that had happened in Blackhot City during the past two days.

The Iron-Blood Camp had set out to surround the fortress of Gregorian family because of the assassination. They wanted to take revenge for him, which greatly moved Zhang Tie.

A manager and a guard leader of Gregorian family in Blackhot City were arrested. The manager was responsible for watching the family's arsenal while the guard leader was the superior of Glaze's dad. Glaze's dad had stolen the crossbow and the bolts out of Gregorian family's arsenal to assassinate Zhang Tie, yet, those two people didn't even know about it.

Therefore, the two people were taken as scapegoats so as to relieve the fury of the Iron-Blood Camp.

Sodor was also arrested along with the two people. He had requested a duel with Zhang Tie, who was then assassinated at school. Nobody knew whether Sodor and Glaze's dad were accomplices or not; one in the open, the other hidden. So after Zhang Tie was attacked by Glaze's dad, Sodor was immediately put behind bars. Through interrogations, Sodor 'finally admitted' that he had 'contacted' Glaze's dad after hearing that Glaze had not returned, and they then discussed ways to kill Zhang Tie.

After admitting his conspiracy with Glaze's dad, Sodor died in prison due to severe wounds, and all the details concerning Zhang Tie's assassination were revealed to the public.

After 'admitting' his guilt, Sodor helped Gregorian family out of the name of 'main instigator of the assassination'. Of course, nobody cared whether this small figure was alive or dead at this time.

Zhang Tie sighed inside. No matter whether Sodor was involved in this event or not, it had already came to an end. Since Sodor had died, it wasn't necessary to look further for guilty parties.

In this case, Zhang Tie didn't feel wronged for being shot by the two bolts. Although there was no evidence that he had killed Glaze, Glaze's dad was sure that Zhang Tie had done it. Then how to deal with it?

He could only blame himself for being careless as he had regarded the Glaze thing way too simple. He had thought that nobody would find him trouble if there was no evidence. However, he had not realized that in this world, sometimes, someone would not need any evidence to do something once they had made up their mind.

'Glaze's dad must have thought it would not be a loss for him even if he and me both died in this fight. It's right for him to take revenge for his son.'

Even now, Zhang Tie didn't hate Glaze's dad at all, even if he had killed him. He might have been a good father, but he had brought up a bastard son.

The only ones wronged in this case were Sodor and the Gregorian family. They were the 'two pitiful fish involved after the city gate caught on fire'. But one was a crocodile while the other was not even a tadpole, merely a plankton. Since the crocodile was in trouble, that plankton then became the scapegoat.

This was the game rule of this world. Like Donder had said, there were always similar cases in this world: when the rich were in trouble, the poor would be screwed.

The cause of the entire thing was Glaze, though. Zhang Tie reflected on the innocent method he had used to deal with with Glaze. Only the underprivileged side required evidence to comfort themselves and seek for sympathy and support, while for the privileged it was actually bullsh*t and needless.

What evidence was used for the Norman Empire to incorporate Blackhot City? What evidence was used for a lion to eat a hare? What evidence was used for a dauntless man to seek revenge? What evidence was used for big figures to decide the life and death of tens of millions of people?

The mindset that Zhang Tie had formed as an underprivileged person had almost killed him this time.

What a really powerful man would have done if they had been in the same situation? They would have definitely come back to Blackhot City and sought for a chance to kill Glaze's dad so as to eliminate this threat in its sprouting stage in case of being further screwed.

Naive, naive, too naive! Because of this event, Zhang Tie immediately became more broad-minded, and his mentality greatly improved. He grew up a bit more.

The other benefit of this event was that the others finally believed that he was suffering from Post-Lightning Stroke Savant Syndrome. Previously, they had still doubted whether Zhang Tie was struck by a lighting bolt or not, but now everybody were assured of it as they had all witnessed Zhang Tie surviving the blue frost without receiving any antidote.

If it was revealed to the public, everyone would be very shocked. If it was not for the lightning strike that had changed his physical structure and tapped his mysterious physical potential, how could he have picked his life back up?

The first batch of people who poured in to visit Zhang Tie started to be interested in the lightning bolt around the end of the conversation. They asked questions including when he was struck by that lightning bolt, at which place, the size of the lightning bolt, his physical condition at that moment, which part of him was struck, and all sorts of other weird questions. Everyone was asking it very seriously, and even Colonel Leibniz started to show his interest in it.

Having been well prepared for this, of course Zhang Tie could reply to all of them well. If anybody wanted to verify it, they could definitely find the evidence of a lightning bolt strike beside a big tree on the hillside not too long ago, of which Zhang Tie told them about. Unless someone was able to date back to the previous strike, nobody would find any leakage in Zhang Tie's lies.

...

"You can take a good rest now. The doctor said that you'll need a month to recover. So I'll give you one month's holiday, during which you don't need to go back to the camp. You can return when you completely recover!"

Colonel Leibniz straight away gave Zhang Tie a long holiday.

He had been in a very good mood the last couple of days. After perfectly solving this event, he would even laugh out loudly to himself in the evening whenever he thought of Gregorian family's sincerity. Because of this event, Colonel Leibniz found that Zhang Tie was certainly his lucky angel, and so he started to pay more attention to him. The boy could not only bring him continual good luck in Nordinburg, but also in Blackhot City.

Colonel Leibniz started to feel that it was his wisest decision to recruit Zhang Tie into his division.

Seeing Zhang Tie awake, Colonel Leibniz finally ordered the security guards to leave. After the military officers of No. 39 Division left, those guys who had been waiting outside the ward, forbidden to enter, now started to pour inside.

All of them were waiting outside the ward by turns for news about Zhang Tie.

Zhang Tie noticed that Leit, Doug, his elder brother, Beverly, and Wood all looked a bit fatigued. It seemed that they hadn't rested well the past two days, especially his elder brother. Although he strove to act lively, his fatigue was immediately caught by Zhang Tie's eyes. Though, it was more a spiritual fatigue than a physical one.

After seeing Zhang Yang's red eyes, Zhang Tie asked first, "Does dad and mom know about what happened to me?"

Zhang Tie was most worried about his dad and mom, if they had learned about what had happened to him a couple days ago.

"At the beginning, I didn't dare to tell them. I just said that after you left that man alive, you returned to the military camp. Because of the great amount of people at school, there was turmoil, but you didn't even lose a hair. Later on, when I found out that you had a chance to recover, I didn't dare to tell them either.

"So they still don't know about it. Although dad heard some uncertain gossip outside and asked about you last night out of suspicion, mom also starting to become dubious, I pacified both of them. If you're feeling better, you'd better go back home to comfort them. Even if you don't come inside, it will also work if you just greet mom from outside the door!"

Hearing that his elder brother had lied to their parents for two days, Zhang Tie finally let out a sigh. Since few people had witnessed him getting assassinated, and soon after the school campus had turned into chaos, there were all sorts of gossip flying about. It quickly spread outside the school gate, and because the Gregorian family was involved, it further evolved into more varieties.

Due to his elder brother intentionally hiding it, Zhang Tie hadn't made his parents worry about him. This was the most lucky thing out of the great misfortune.

...

No matter what, as he had a great amount of time left, Zhang Tie first chatted with Leit and Wood and comforted the others. Then he let them go back and have a good rest. He also asked them to tell the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood that he was fine. After that, Zhang Tie cast his eyes onto Alice, who kept watching him without saying anything since she entered the room.

Seeing this, others voluntarily walked out of the ward. At the sight of Alice's red and swollen eyes, Zhang Tie smiled and showed his muscles using his right arm that could still freely move.

Alice's eyes immediately teared up. She walked over and carefully embraced Zhang Tie for two whole minutes, afraid of hurting him. She kept dropping tears on Zhang Tie's undulating chest without saying anything.

Zhang Tie was really scared by this and hurriedly helped Alice to wipe off her tears. "I'm sorry to have frightened you that day. I know it wasn't good to kill a person in front of you. It was a bit bloody..."

Seeing her man still worrying about frightening her that day, Alice just shook her head, tears coming down her cheeks in a greater torrent.

"What are you crying for?" Zhang Tie was pained by her sorrowful visage and started to kiss away her tears. "You must have not slept well these two days!"

"They all say that you had realized it at that time. If you had chosen to avoid the bolts, they would have never hit you. But because we were standing in front of you, you decided to protect us by pushing us away at the cost of your life. You then used your own body to face the bolts, didn't you?" Alice held Zhang Tie's face between her hands, her tearful eyes filled with deep love fixed on him. "Why were you so foolish?"

Zhang Tie giggled, not knowing what to say. It had been just his instinctive response at that moment; he hadn't thought that much about it. He only felt that it was not right for Alice, Beverly, and Pandora to face danger when he was still standing alive. This was especially so now, when he knew that the bolts had been quenched in blue frost.

Zhang Tie started to really feel that he had made the right choice. Thankfully, the two bolts were shot at him...

"To tell the truth, I only feel very happy now; thankfully, the two bolts were shot at me! If they had hit you, I wouldn't know how to face that. I cannot imagine what I would do if you lay there and would never wake up again because of me. I might have been driven mad by it..."

Right now, they actually didn't need to say anything. Alice moved her lips closer to Zhang Tie and started to kiss him. Today, she even wanted to engulf him whole.



* * *





Chapter 180




On the same evening Zhang Tie woke up, he gave a performance together with his elder brother.

In the evening, Zhang Tie put on his clothes and drove a military vehicle that was left by the Iron-Blood Camp out of the hospital. Because his left hand did not work well yet, Zhang Tie only used his right hand to control the steering wheel. Since he was fully-dressed, nobody could see his wounds.

This car, powered by a steam engine, was very easy to control. It only had a neutral position, a former block, an after stall, a brake, and an accelerator. Of course, accelerator was an old word

from before the Catastrophe. According to the present professional terms, it was a pressure-variable pedal connected to the car's boiler. Through this pedal, the output power of the steam engine at the head of the car could be adjusted.

Steam-driven cars drove easily. They could reach above 100 km/h in the city. The only shortage of this car was that it would take at least half an hour to ignite every day. Only after the boiler had been heated and the pressure inside the boiler rose to a certain degree could the car be used. But the car needed ignition only once a day. After it was ignited, what the driver needed to do was to feed coal into the charging bin, add water in the water container, and clean the ashes out of the automatic ash discharging container every day.

Iron-Blood Camp was the most mechanized camp in No. 39 Division. There were five cars available in Third Platoon alone, in which Zhang Tie served. Three of the five cars were half-covered armored vehicles used to transport soldiers, while the other two were five-seat military convertible SUVs. As the head of Third Platoon, Zhang Tie had an SUV exclusively to himself. As he was recuperating in the hospital, the Iron-Blood Camp just left the vehicle there for the convenience of Zhang Tie's travel.

With the pile of gold coins that he had gotten from Samira's purse, Zhang Tie drove the car directly towards a rice store. After buying two bags of rice, he let the lad working there to put the rice onto his back seats. After that, he paid and drove his car towards his parents' place.

On the way back home, Zhang Tie felt pretty cool sitting in the car. His vanity was satisfied once again.

Zhang Tie estimated that his family members were eating supper now. After pressing the horn twice, he didn't get off the car, instead, he directly shouted loudly, "Elder brother, open the door!"

As they've agreed on in the morning, the moment Zhang Yang heard Zhang Tie's scream, he opened the door and walked outside. With a surprised expression on his face, he said, "Aya, you've learned how to drive a car. Come on in, we're eating supper now!"

"No, I've already finished supper. As I have something to deal with today, I brought you two bags of rice in case you need to buy them again. You can just take them out of the car. I won't go inside today!"

"Fine!"

While the two brothers performed, they grimaced to each other. While Zhang Yang was taking out the two bags of rice off the car, Zhang Tie's dad and mom walked out the door.

With a big smile on his face, Zhang Tie enthusiastically waved his right hand towards his parents. "Dad, Mom, I'm here to bring your some rice! How about my car? Is your son great? I've learned how to drive a car!"

Seeing Zhang Tie outside the door of their home, as was expected, their parents revealed smiles, as if a heavy burden was taken off their shoulders.

"Hurry up, go home and eat supper!"

"No, dad, I'll take you out for a ride one day. As I've just finished supper, I'm here to bring you two bags of rice by the way!"

"Guoguo, are you okay?" Saying this, his mom prepared to walk towards Zhang Tie. "I heard that something happened to you during the duel!"

Placing his left hand on the steering wheel, Zhang Tie hammered his chest with great vigor using his right hand. "I'm very good. As there were a lot of people at school that day, some chaos arose. Your son is fine, although having been almost eaten by a pile of girls. There was someone who had a conflict with soldiers sent there by the Military Administration to maintain order, but they were arrested. Mom, you just go back home. I have something urgent to deal with today, so I'll go back to see you another day!"

After saying this, since he was afraid that his mom would notice something wrong if she drew close to him, Zhang Tie waved his hand towards her and stepped on the pressure-variable pedal, driving away.

Now certain that his son was okay, Zhang Tie's mom finally let out a long breath. She stayed at home the past two days, so when Zhang Yang told her that Zhang Tie was okay, she believed it. But when she went out to buy vegetables today, she heard that Zhang Tie was assassinated. She was really startled by such news.

As few people had witnessed what had happened to Zhang Tie that day, there were many versions of the event spread around. Some said that the military officer of the Norman Empire picked a fight with the onlookers of the duel; some said that he was assassinated during the duel; others even said that the soldiers of No. 39 Division started a massacre in the Seventh National Male Middle School.

There was also a gossip that the Gregorian family schemed some plot, but it was found out, and so the fortress of Gregorian family was surrounded by the soldiers of No. 39 Division, which led to curfew across the whole Blackhot City.

Zhang Tie's dad and mom had heard a lot of different versions the past two days, and they couldn't judge which one was true at all. Therefore, they were really worried about Zhang Tie.

After seeing him drive over in a good condition, they finally became reassured.

Zhang Tie really didn't want his dad and mom to worry about him.

After the performance, Zhang Tie prepared to go back to the hospital as he had to change fresh dressing for his wounds tonight.

...

Because it was supper time, there were only a few passers-by on the road, so Zhang Tie found it extremely pleasant to drive. The landscapes on two sides of the road kept moving backwards rapidly, and he seemed to have that feeling of running in the wind again. While driving with this great pleasure, Zhang Tie caught sight of Grandma Teresa, who was standing on the roadside in green nun's clothing. Beside her were a group of kids. Zhang Tie's car passed by them by 20 meters in a split second.

With a sound of 'Zhi', Zhang Tie pushed on the brake, leaving a 7-8 m long tire mark on the cement ground. He drove back to the old woman.

'She's really Grandma Teresa!'

More than ten kids were standing on the roadside. One was holding a box for donations in his hand, while another held high a paper board on which was written - 'We're very hungry!'

The rest of the kids were holding pots of flowers and grasses.

Standing among them, Grandma Teresa collected donations together with these kids from kind-heart passers-by, who would get a pot of flowers or grasses as a payment.

It was late, and the lamplighters were about to come out; few people were still walking on the road. Therefore, those people who were collecting donations on the roadside looked pretty desolate.

Zhang Tie immediately jumped off the car and walked towards them. Although in a military uniform, all the kids could still recognize him.



It was the elder brother Rice Soup who would send yummy rice soup to the orphanage every week before.

"Elder brother Rice Soup..."

Zhang Tie was immediately surrounded by the kids. At the sight of the dejected faces of these kids between 4-9 years old and that board 'We are very hungry', Zhang Tie felt like crying. After the price of grains had surged up across the entire Blackhot City, even his home's rice brew business became depressed. Zhang Tie could definitely imagine how bad a situation Grandma Teresa's orphanage was in now.

At the sight of Zhang Tie, Grandma Teresa smiled like before, however, after three months, she looked more haggard than before.

"Elder brother Rice Soup, will you send us rice soup like before? We've not drunk yummy rice soup for over a month!" asked a 6-7-year-old-girl in a timid way while pulling on the corner of Zhang Tie's military coat.

Hearing the words 'rice soup', all the other kids started to forcefully swallow their saliva at the same time, their shiny eyes fixed on Zhang Tie.

"Good girl, elder brother will send you yummy food after a while!"

Saying this, Zhang Tie slightly touched the little girl's head.

Grandma Teresa then walked towards him. Being different from those kids, she clearly knew what it meant him wearing this military uniform. After three months, the coy youth who had sent rice soup to the orphanage had become a second lieutenant of the Norman Empire. Even Zhang Tie's personality had greatly changed.

"Grandma Teresa!" Zhang Tie greeted the old woman who was walking towards him.

"It seems that the god's willingness has been displayed on you!"

Grandma Teresa embraced Zhang Tie warmly after coming over.

"How many days have these kids been starved?"

"Over the past month, these kids could only eat till they were half-full at each meal. Additionally, three meals a day have been reduced to two meals a day. I had no other method but to take them out and collect donations on the road. If it continues like this, the kids will definitely have health problems. These kids I take out are healthier than those being left in the orphanage who don't even have the strength to walk!" Grandma Teresa said dejectedly.

"What do you need most now?"

"Food, salt, it would be better if there was some sugar and alcohol!"

"Grandma, do you believe in me?"

Zhang Tie stared at Grandma Teresa with a serious expression.

"Of course, my son!"

"Then go back to the orphanage together with these kids, boil water and clean the warehouse, I'll bring the items there soon!"

After deeply staring at Zhang Tie and then kissing his forehead once again, Grandma Teresa said nothing more. She felt tears filling her eyes. She knew that these kids of the orphanage would finally be saved...

Touching the hears of the kids surrounding him, Zhang Tie revealed a smile. "You first go back to the orphanage together with grandma and tell your friends in the orphanage to prepare for the yummy food your elder brother will bring to you. How about that?"

"Fine!"

The small kids all nodded with shiny eyes fixed on Zhang Tie.

Without saying anything more, Zhang Tie waved his hands to those people as he immediately jumped into the car and sped away...

Not until Zhang Tie disappeared at the end of the road did grandma Teresa let those kids who had been standing outside for almost a day to return to the orphanage.



* * *





Chapter 181




Zhang Tie then immediately drove his car into the trading center where he bought things.

He was still using Samira's purse. When Samira failed his plot to screw Zhang Tie in the Wild Wolf Castle by losing his purse, Zhang Tie found that this purse was very fashionable and comfortable, so he decided to keep it with him. Not afraid that Samira will find him trouble for it.

The two bags of rice cost only a small half of the silver coins in the purse. There were still more than 20 gold coins that were still untouched.

The amount of money inside the purse was equal to more than his dad's two years' salary. It was not a small amount of money for Zhang Tie. Previously, he had felt reluctant to spend it, however, when he thought back to those small kids who rose high the board 'We are very hungry' with wide-open eyes fixed on him, Zhang Tie couldn't hold onto it any longer.

Zhang Tie felt that it might really be the god's willingness. In the beginning, in the name of the phantom 'contract of soul and bloodline promise' of Grandma Teresa and that Guardian God School, he prevented Samira from winning against him in the court and finally gained a complete victory. Therefore, today, he would use this money for the orphanage of the Guardian God School.

Most average people in Blackhot City would have time to buy things only after they finished their work in the evening. This was especially so after the prices of food sharply surged, compared to before, and people could buy fewer things at a time, though the purchase frequency increased. Therefore, many shops and firms in the trading center would not close up until 10:00 pm.

Being very familiar with this trading center, Zhang Tie had a clear route in his mind. He directly drove to a comprehensive firm opened by a Chinese.

The moment Zhang Tie got off his car to look around, the boss of the firm was already enthusiastically greeting him in front of the gate. Zhang Tie saw a shrewd personality in this boss that could be seen on all Chinese businessmen who did business in foreign countries.

Looking around the various commodities that had been piled as high as small hills in the warehouse beside this firm, Zhang Tie nodded his head internally.

"What can I do for you?"

The Chinese boss was very enthusiastic about his new customer because of Zhang Tie's Chinese appearance and the good reputation of the Norman Empire's soldiers when they shopped in Blackhot City.

The boss spoke Chinese. In this age, all the Chinese were very united. In the eyes of other human races, they were people who could become partners from a group of two, form a team from a group of three, and a gang from a group of five. In any place, once the number of Chinese exceeded ten, nobody would then dare to find them trouble.

Without saying anything, Zhang Tie directly threw that purse to the Chinese boss, who easily caught it.

"I will spend all this money in your firm, how many benefits can you give me?" Zhang Tie asked in Chinese.

Simply after weighing it in hand, the boss already revealed a smile. "You can enjoy 30% off in our firm if the cost exceeds 20 gold coins, once. As you are a Chinese, I'll give you an extra 10% off, totaling in 40% off. Besides, I can help you send the commodities to your home. Due to low profits in grains, this is the largest benefit that I can give you!"

"Fine, give me the list of commodities, I want to have a look!"

Of course little deals would not need a list of commodities, however, as for transactions above ten gold coins like this, the boss would present a list of commodities for the guest to choose from. The list included everything that was stored in the warehouse and what the boss could get for the guest.

Glancing over the list, Zhang Tie started the shopping spree like ordering dishes in a hotel.

50 bags of rice, 25 kgs in each bag...

34 bags of corn, 30 kgs in each bag...

50 bags of flour, 25 kgs in each bag...

140 kgs of dried meat slices...

98 kgs of white sugar...

127 kgs of salt...

23 bottles of plume oil, 5 kgs a bottle...

17 bottles of alcohol, 2 kgs a bottle...

Zhang Tie ordered all the items one by one while the Chinese boss scribbled it down on a notebook with a pen. After noting it all, he hurriedly started to calculate on the abacus. After deducting 40% of the total price, he got the final result - 26 gold coins, 18 silver coins, and 33 copper coins. He then opened Zhang Tie's purse and counted the coins inside. After he finished counting, he was really dumbfounded. There were 26 gold coins, 18 silver coins and 33 copper coins inside.

They were precisely equal to the total amount of these commodities.

"What? Isn't it enough?"

"Enough, enough, the money inside is precisely enough. Not even one coin less. I just had planned to reduce 33 copper coins for you before!"

Sweat formed on Chinese boss' forehead.

'It took this military officer less than 30 seconds to order all the items. Most of the prices were different, and were not even integers. Besides, I even gave him a 40% off. Had he calculated them all in his mind when he ordered? How could that happen? It takes me, a highly skilled abacus manipulator with dozens of years' experience, over one minute to calculate them all, how could this person know the answer only after one glance.'

This could never be a coincidence.



At once, the Chinese boss started to feel that this young military officer of the Norman Empire was unpredictable. He could never know that Zhang Tie's 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus' had reached a level that could not even be described by himself. When Zhang Tie took the list of commodities, only after one glance over it, he already knew how many items could be purchased using the money in the purse. After two seconds' consideration he had already determined what he could purchase.

"Can you load them up now?"

"Oh, yea, right away! These items will be directly taken from the warehouse, though the alcohol will take some extra time as it has to be sent from elsewhere..."

"Fine, please hurry up, someone is waiting for these items to cook supper!"

"Alright, I'll arrange it in ten minutes. Please come in and have a drink!"

The boss looked more affable after the sale.

Ten minutes later, a truck full of commodities and four carriers drove to the west side of Blackhot City following Zhang Tie's car. After a short while, they arrived at the orphanage in the civilians' area, which was not far from the west city wall.

Like what Zhang Tie saw when he came here bringing rice soup before, Grandma Teresa and a group of kids from the orphanage stood at the entrance with raised heads, waiting for Zhang Tie's arrival as they all knew that he would bring them some food today. However, nobody could have imagined that what followed Zhang Tie would be a truck full of all kinds of food and materials that the orphanage needed most.

Rice, flour, corn, sugar, dried meat, oil, salt, and alcohol.

A truckload of items! Since Grandma Teresa founded this orphanage, this was the largest donation that the orphanage had received till now.

Seeing the truck, all the kids cheered up, and their small faces revealed jubilant smiles at once. The desolate orphanage immediately became joyful, like welcoming a grand festival.

Although Zhang Tie felt reluctant to spend all of this money at the beginning, the moment he saw the brilliance and hope on the faces of those kids and Grandma Teresa, he also felt warm and very happy inside.

‘Everything I did for the orphanage is worth it,' Zhang Tie murmured inside. He felt truly rich, which originated from how many people he could use his money to please and satisfy.



A mean guy with countless gold coins was definitely not as satisfied as him; if he had kept the money in his purse, he would still not have tasted this sense of satisfaction and pleasure.

It was really happy to have money, however, he would feel happier, more satisfied, and more brilliant inside if he could spend that money to make his beloved people happy!

Filled with such great pleasure and satisfaction, Zhang Tie almost forgot his wounds, joining the army of carriers, helping them to bring the items into the orphanage from the truck.

However, after he placed two bags of rice under his left armpit and used his strength to carry it, the wounds on his abdomen and shoulder started to pulse with pain.

He gritted his teeth and went ahead, but after carrying only one round of items, Zhang Tie's face had already turned sallow, a patch of fine sweat drops forming on his forehead. Worse, the two wounds seemed to have started bleeding again.

A little girl with a bag of salt in hand happily rushed over and hit Zhang Tie's abdomen carelessly. She hurriedly apologized when she saw his face immediately turning pale.

"Doesn't matter, go ahead and bring inside what you're carrying!"

Zhang Tie forced a smile as he saw off that little girl, then panted for breath.

Grandma Teresa walked over with her eyes fixed on Zhang Tie's face.



"You've been wounded?"

"Yea, a bit, doesn't matter. These items should help the orphanage pass through this period!"

Zhang Tie revealed a smile.

"Can you show me your wounds?" Grandma Teresa asked carefully.

"You can deal with injuries?" Zhang Tie joked in a relaxed manner.

"God's brilliance exists everywhere!"

...

When the kids and female servants of the orphanage were jubilantly preparing for a grand supper, under the persistent suggestion, Zhang Tie took off his upper clothes and laid down on a hard bed in Grandma Teresa's prayer room.

Guardian God School's pious believers would regularly lock themselves inside such prayer rooms where they can isolate themselves from the outside for seven days, during which they would pray, meditate, and clean their own inner heart and body.

After undoing Zhang Tie's bandage and gauze, Grandma Teresa noticed that the wounds on his abdomen and the hollow that connected his left arm and his chest had already started to ooze blood. After checking the wounds carefully, she told Zhang Tie to lie on the bed and wait for her to come back; she would get a bottle of medicine.

Under Grandma Teresa's strong persistence, Zhang Tie couldn't refuse her anymore. Therefore, he just stayed in the prayer room.

Two minutes later, she walked in with an old-fashioned small box, the material of which he did not recognize...

On its outside was a silver olive branch pattern of the Guardian God School. At the sight of this small box, Zhang Tie instantly knew that the item inside was definitely not common.



* * *





Chapter 182




After putting that small box onto the table at the head of the bed, Grandma Teresa first used gauze and alcohol to clean off the blood stains from Zhang Tie's wounds before meticulously opening the box and taking out a crystal vial with a narrow mouth.

The moment Zhang Tie caught sight of that delicate crystal vial in Grandma Teresa's hand, his eyelids jumped. This natural-born crystal vial was of great value; the lesser half of it was filled with a green liquid. The moment Grandma Teresa opened the lid, the entire prayer room was filled with an exceptional fragrance; Zhang Tie had not smelt such a good fragrance before.

Even the vial was of great value, let alone the value of the liquid inside it.

"Grandma, is the liquid in this vial very precious? If it is, it's not necessary to use it on me. My wounds will recover in a few more days. Additionally, I'm living in the hospital now!"

Saying this, Zhang Tie wanted to sit up.

But Grandma Teresa put her hand on his right shoulder, telling him to lie down again.

"Son, nothing is more precious than a kind heart!"

With these words, Grandma Teresa poured out the green liquid onto both of Zhang Tie's wounds.

The moment the liquid touched Zhang Tie's skin, it immediately soaked in, like water dropped onto a sponge. After a slight feeling of cold, he found himself comfortable and refreshed. It was too comfortable...

The wounds on his left shoulder and abdomen felt slightly itchy. After that, under Zhang Tie's amazed gaze, the two wounds started to mend at a fast, visible to the eye speed...

With eyes wide-open, Zhang Tie stared at this unbelievable scene. Feeling cool and refreshed, he watched as the wounds slowly mended. In only 2-3 minutes, they completely disappeared. Besides the newly-grown skin, which looked a bit fresh, the wounds could not even be located.

It was too amazing!

Touching his wounds twice, Zhang Tie confirmed that his wounds had really recovered. They had truly healed, just like in a dream!

Zhang Tie then immediately sat up on the bed.

"Grandma Teresa, what is this?"

"It's an advanced recovery medicament produced by the Guardian God School, which is more effective than any other advanced recovery medicament! As I've served the School for many years, due to a chance, I obtained this one..." Grandma Teresa revealed a smile. "Put on your clothes, the small kids outside are waiting for you to join in supper. If it wasn't for you, two days later, I would've been forced to sell this vial of advanced recovery medicament for those small kids.

After saying this, Grandma Teresa put back the crystal, narrow-mouthed vial, however, the green liquid inside it had been all used up.

Zhang Tie knew that he really owed a lot to the Orphanage now. Advanced recovery medicament was an almost legendary item in Blackhot City. The greatest alchemist in the city could only produce medium-level recovery medicaments. For commoners, even the preliminary recovery medicaments were rarely seen, let alone advanced ones. Maybe only Gregorian family would have this kind of item.

However, the advanced recovery medicament of Guardian God School seemed to be more precious than average advanced recovery medicaments. The price of this vial had to be more than ten times higher compared to how much he'd spent for these kids today.

Unexpectedly, he could gain such a great payment for his kind heart.

...

The 'grand supper' in the orphanage was just a pot of gruel boiled with rice and corn that could make everyone full. A spoon of white sugar was put in each kid's bowl. For these kids who had been starved for over one month, this supper was exceptional, and out of their expectations.

Grandma Teresa told Zhang Tie that as they had been starved for many days, it was not suitable for them to eat too much at once, so drinking porridge was the best choice.

Zhang Tie also drunk a small bowl of porridge together with the kids of the orphanage.

When he was going to leave, all the kids felt reluctant to see him off.

When Zhang Tie came back to the hospital, nobody knew that his wounds had already recovered after a single outing. More than that, due to the marvelous effect of that special vial of advanced recovery medicament, he even felt much better than before the duel.

The unexpected recovery told Zhang Tie another fact: he was really a rustic who knew little about this world. Besides that vial of advanced recovery medicament, how many other things were there that he didn't know about? Didn't even imagine?

Blackhot City was very small, yet the world was very big!

For the first time, Zhang Tie started to long for the vacant world outside Blackhot City.

...

He stayed another night in the hospital.

Early the next morning, Zhang Tie's ward was filled with many visitors, including all the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, Pandora, Alice, Beverly, Bonder, Abu, Salvey, Potter, Francis, Wood, Blues, Peter, Kerlin, Zerom, and some beautiful girls whom he didn't even know.

After being told the address of his apartment in Avenue Monet in a low voice, the members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood, Peter, and Blues all left rapidly. After greeting Zhang Tie, Bonder and Abu also left. Seeing a great amount of enchanting girls in the ward, after chatting with Zhang Tie for a while, Salvey also left.

With Pandora, Alice, Beverly, and those girls of the Rose Association, the atmosphere in the ward was exceptionally weird which many men could not stand. Even Kerlin and Zerom, after visiting Zhang Tie on behalf of the school, and hearing Zhang Tie rave about being struck by a lightning bolt, also hurriedly escaped.

However, the news that Potter, Francis, and Wood brought to Zhang Tie made him dumbfounded: in the coming holiday, the members of the Gods Bliss School were determined to dig out a mine outside the Blackhot City.

These guys had really gotten addicted to digging mines.

It was not too unexpected that the members of Gods Bliss School would appear in Zhang Tie's ward. Everybody else treated them as those 'poor relatives of the rich' who came to strike up an acquaintance with Zhang Tie after he became famous. Even Zerom thought so.

However, actually, nobody knew that Potter, Francis, and Wood only came to the hospital to tell Zhang Tie the 'enlightener' that they would continue to cultivate 'Big Blessing Skill' through mining. They were here to show their decisiveness to Zhang Tie on behalf of the other members of Gods Bliss School.

At this time, each member of Gods Bliss School started to worship Zhang Tie, crazily and blindly. After experiencing so many things since the time when they worked together in the mines to the present, Zhang Tie, the 'enlightener' had become a teacher and a guide in the eyes of the 64 brothers of the Gods Bliss School. He truly became a real 'enlightener' in everybody's eyes.

Even Zhang Tie hadn't imagined that the 'Big Blessing Skill' that he had fabricated on a mischievous mood in the mines could gather such a great amount of people to him. In Zhang Tie's original plan, after the survival training, almost all of these guys would depart their own ways. Everything that had happened in the mines during the survival training would just leave them a hopeful life philosophy.

The persistence of the members of Gods Bliss School also brought Zhang Tie a bit of pressure. He didn't know what would happen to these persistent guys if the truth about the 'Big Blessing Skill' was revealed.

'I'll never tell them that the Big Blessing Skill was faked!' Zhang Tie mumbled seriously after Wood, Blues, and Peter left.

'Later on, facing Wood and the other members of the Gods Bliss School, I can only continue the 'barbarous miners' survival model. Hopefully, after digging in a mine for another two months and seeing no effects, these guys will not persist in it any more, for I'll feel guilty of making them so obsessive otherwise.'

When all the other men left, Alice's disguised smile and politeness immediately disappeared. She then glanced over the other women with a pair of icy eyes.

From among the other girls in the ward, Zhang Tie only knew one—that blonde who had taken his pine nuts in the survival training.

However, judging from the girls' attitudes, they had to think that it was not important whether he knew them or not. What was important was that they knew him. Additionally, they all knew each other now.

That blonde who had taken Zhang Tie's pine nuts was Angel, while the other girls were Sharapova, Susan, and Fiona. Their figures could even match those of Alice and Beverly, especially Fiona's; her name meant 'little woman' in Hebrew language.

Really like a little woman, at a young age, Fiona had a innocent Lolita face and the sexy figure of a mature woman. Her pair of boobs were even bigger than Alice's. At the sight of that, Zhang Tie had to admit that such a woman could trigger most men's desire to ravage her.

At the sight of Fiona, Zhang Tie's untamed thing really moved, but since he was still pretending to be sick and lying on the bed without even undoing his bandages, others couldn't see it.

"What are you doing here?"

With her hands on her waist, Alice stared at those sexy girls who dared to come wishing to steal her man with a cold expression.

"It's very simple, We, Rose Association, are just here to invite Zhang Tie to be the guardian knight of the girls of Rose Association!" Angel answered with a smile.

Hearing this, both Alice's and Beverly's expressions twisted. Alice was driven mad, Beverly was startled at first, then a winsome smile came onto her face. Only Pandora just ignored them, remaining in her position beside Zhang Tie with a smile. She peeled a fruit and put it into Zhang Tie's mouth, seemingly not having heard Angel's words at all.

Zhang Tie was confused. Guardian knight? What was that? What the hell were these girls doing here?

"What guardian knight?" Zhang Tie asked, still trying to figure it out.

"You cannot say it!" Alice shouted to Angel, face turning red.

At the same time, smiles appeared on the faces of Angel and the other girls of the Rose Association. As if raising Zhang Tie's appetite, they truly didn't say it. With this trick, the girls of the Rose Association felt that they had taken the wind.

Since they didn't say it, Pandora, who was always quiet, opened her mouth.

"The alleged guardian knight of the Rose Association refers to a person that needs to protect them from all danger. If you accept, as payment, from then on, each girl of the Rose Association can be rode by you for free. You can plunder any virgin's crown at any time. Until marriage, all the girls of the Rose Association will be your lovers."

"Puff..."

Zhang Tie sprayed out a mouthful of tangerine juice.



* * *





Chapter 183




Zhang Tie told his doctor that he was going home to convalesce. Given his current status and reputation, after prescribing some medicine, the doctor seriously told him about the matters that need attention before straightforwardly arranging the hospital discharge formalities for him.

Actually, in an occupied city facing such a military officer of the conqueror, the hospital had long wished for Zhang Tie to leave as early as possible. If something wrong happened to him, nobody knew what kind of big trouble would be brought to their hospital.

In the afternoon, Zhang Tie returned to his apartment in the Avenue Monet together with Pandora, Alice, and Beverly. This was the first time the three girls came to visit Zhang Tie's private settlement.

The residence left by Donder was very clean. He seemed to have had people send in all the furniture and daily utilities here a day before he brought Zhang Tie. Therefore, everything inside was new, and the air was filled with an aroma of fresh wooden furniture.

For some reason, when they all went inside, Zhang Tie locked the door from inside. Seeing this, the three girls all became slightly nervous.



Zhang Tie toured them around his residence. In each room they entered, Zhang Tie would pull down the curtains of the windows to make the light inside dimmer and blurrier. Therefore, outsiders would not be able to see what was happening in the room.

Each time Zhang Tie pulled down the curtains, the three girls pretended not to have seen his movements. After the curtains were pulled down one by one with the continual sound of 'shua', the atmosphere in the current room became ambiguous, and they started to breathe heavy.

On the way back from the hospital, after Angel and the other girls had left, Zhang Tie felt hot all over. His heart pounded heavily. With each beat, it would make him feel warmer, and like there was something untamed inside him.

Especially after the last near-death experience, Zhang Tie started to treasure his life.

He really wanted to do something...

The three girls all felt the scorching feeling coming off Zhang Tie.

On the way back , he had only spoken a few words. He drove so fast that everyone could predict that something was going to happen today.

After guiding them around his residence, Zhang Tie finally took them to his bedroom.

The bedroom was a suite close to the inside of the residence. The only window in the bedroom opened to a sitting room.

After opening the door of the bedroom, a big bed covered with a beige bed sheet appeared in front of them. As no natural lights were in the bedroom, even though it was day time outside, it was somewhat dim inside, especially when Zhang Tie pulled down the curtains to the sitting room. The entire bedroom seemed to be at twilight, giving a feeling of blurriness.

By then, the three girls were not able to move anymore. Zhang Tie embraced Alice with one hand and Beverly with the other. After that, he thrust his body against Pandora and took the three girls into the bedroom under their slightly symbolic resistance.

With a 'bang', Zhang Tie shut the door with a forceful kick before locking it from inside. The room then was isolated and became a more independent space.

"You bad boy, you've not recovered yet!"

Beverly bit her lip with a giggle.

"I used a miraculous advanced recovery medicament last night, so I'm completely recovered!"

The moment Alice became bashful and reserved, she was thrown onto the bed in a rude way by Zhang Tie, causing a scream.

Pandora, who had long been thrust into the room and was red in her face and ears, turned back and started kissing him hotly. Zhang Tie's free hand, in the meantime, undid the buttons of Beverly's clothes. He then embraced her and Pandora with both hands, and pushed them onto the bed.

...

The room was soon filled with gasps.

...

After losing their minds for over twenty minutes, the four people on the bed finally came to the last step. Pandora and Beverly hugged Alice on two sides to make preparation for her to become Zhang Tie's first woman. Zhang Tie's face blushed, and his breathing quickened.

At the most critical moment, he saw sad tears in Alice's eyes. She didn't resist, nor did she struggle, but her tears and sadness immediately shocked Zhang Tie. Close to the city wall, his mummy stopped all of a sudden.

"What's wrong?" he asked Alice.

Without saying anything, Alice just shook here head while tears continuing running down her cheeks...

Zhang Tie gazed at her for half a minute before lightly kissing away the tears at the corners of her eyes. He then covered her beautiful body with a quilt. After that, Zhang Tie threw himself onto the bed, panting heavily, and started to stare at the ceiling blankly.

"What's up?"

Pandora lightly kissed Zhang Tie's cheek. Beverly also drew close and laid down on his chest. Feeling hot, their cheeks red, they didn't know why Zhang Tie would stop at this moment.

"I thought back to what my mom had told me. She said, if you really love a girl, you should never let her cry for you. A man who lets his woman cry for him is not a good man!"

"I'm sorry..." Alice put on her inner clothes and buckled on her corsage again, lowering her head. She explained in a low voice, "I just... just cannot get used to it. I had a dream since I was very young, I wished to give away my most precious thing to the man who would only love me in his whole life!"

"Do you want Zhang Tie to choose you along from among us?‘ Beverly asked, turning her head.

"Sorry, Beverly and Pandora, I've tried hard just now; although I could persuade myself to not resist, I could not persuade myself to not be sad..."

After putting on her pants, coats, and shoes, Alice got off the bed. "Maybe I'm really not suitable to this game. My mom fell in love with a man who loved many women, and so she suffered her whole life. I don't want to be like my mom, neither do I want to fight everyday for a man with other woman..."

Hugging Zhang Tie's head, Alice let her tears drop down once again. "I only want a man who will only belong to me. I know you won't belong to me alone, so I'm sad. Do you understand..."



After explaining it, Alice gave Zhang Tie a deep and hot kiss. Then, she opened the door and, glancing one last time at Zhang Tie, left the room, going farther and farther away. After a bit over ten seconds, Zhang Tie heard Alice opening and closing the gate of the apartment.

Upon hearing this sound, Zhang Tie felt that the apartment's gate was like Alice's heart, it opened but then was quickly closed, disconnecting them.

Zhang Tie knew that Alice had truly left him, which made him vacant and dejected inside. Unavoidably, the scene of when he got acquainted with her flashed across his mind.

He had not imagined that Alice would leave him at this moment. It was really a heavy strike, leaving him empty inside.

"Can you only love one woman in your life?" Beverly asked, eyes wide-open.

Pandora's ears also stood up sharper, and she fixed her eyes on him.

Zhang Tie's mom had also told him not to cheat or lie to women who loved him.

Thinking of those words, Zhang Tie sat up in the bed and started to think about this question very seriously, 'Can I only love one woman in my life?'

During the past fifteen years, Zhang Tie had rarely thought about a single question this much dedication. He kept considering it for more than ten minutes. He thought back to Miss Daina and that nurse who had cleaned his d*ck in the hospital; he even recalled that boring Mary, as well as the cute girl named Fiona from the Rose Association and Miss Qili...

Zhang Tie considered almost all the women who had impressed him since he was born. Finally, he came to a conclusion - he would not love a single woman in his life. He might fall in love with many women, finding the cute and attractive personalities in each one beside him had, which always drove him to do something to them.

Was this the aftermath of increased secretion of hormones in one's youth? Else one was born to be sentimental or an animal?

Under Pandora's and Beverly's longing eyes, Zhang Tie really wanted to tell them lies like 'I'll only love you' or just shake his head and answer, 'I really don't know, please do not ask me anymore,' in a deep, dejected, and empty voice like that of a lost youth.

However, Zhang Tie didn't choose either, instead, he just poured out his deepest thoughts.

"In my life, I cannot fall in love with only one woman. Many women are attractive to me. I'm still crushing on Miss Daina from my school. I don't know how many women I will love in the rest of my life, however, I'm sure that I'm not that single-minded person who will only love one person till the sea dries and the stones rot away. Additionally, I have a strong sense of possession toward the women I love, I cannot stand my women falling in love with other men. In conclusion, I might fall in love with many women at the same time, however I cannot accept my women loving other men, not even thinking about that!"



"You mean you're a fickle and chauvinist guy who's honest to his women and treasure them yet is very narrow-minded!" Beverly said in a witty way while poking Zhang Tie's chest with a finger. "If any girl falls in love with you, it'll be a great test to their patience and understanding."

"You idiot!" Pandora also poked Zhang Tie using her finger with a smile.

"But since he's honest to us, should we give him a reward?" Beverly said to Pandora.

"What reward?" Pandora asked.

"Do you remember what I told you about last time?"

Beverly winked her cute eyes towards Pandora.

Pandora's face instantly blushed. "I only heard it from those girls, I've not tried it yet!"

"I've not tried it either, we can have a try on this guy!"

"What are you two talking about?"

Zhang Tie was lost in their conversation, having no clue what they were talking about.

"We want you to be tamed. In the following game, you should not use your hands. If you use your hands, Pandora and I will stop! We can only punish you for your fickleness by this method today..." Beverly teased Zhang Tie with her slim eyes as she instantly pushed him onto the bed once again.

"Stand it, baby!" she told Zhang Tie, turning to face him.

Instantly, Zhang Tie became stiff.



* * *





Chapter 184




Not until deep night did Beverly and Pandora leave. As they didn't ask Zhang Tie to send them back home, he feeling cool and refreshed just sent them to the bus station in Avenue Monet. After seeing them get on the bus, Zhang Tie returned to his apartment with an obscene smile.

Alice's departure was a strike to Zhang Tie. What he couldn't understand was why would a man have to tell lies when he slept with a woman. If that was his true self, why would he have to tell her a lie. If a woman loved him, why would she not love the real him?

Zhang Tie didn't know what love was, he only knew that if he loved a girl, he would treat her good and make her happy. He would try to prevent the girl from getting hurt. Additionally, he would hope to do a lot of happy things with her. Were those high requirements?

Was the truth not right or were humans to used to being hypocritical?

Was he too foolish or were the other men too smart?

Even at the most dangerous moment, Zhang Tie would face death for his beloved women without any hesitation and never feel regretful about that. However, even if one lie could let her voluntarily take off her pants, Zhang Tie would not do that as he didn't want to make them feel any reluctance in sleeping with him.

Because that was not the real him!

Thankfully, Pandora and Beverly were still accompanying him.

This was the happiest afternoon Zhang Tie had had. After only several hours, he became obsessed with the game 'little golden fish and a mummy'.

Women were truly the source of happiness.

In the end, Zhang Tie made fouls twice and almost drowned the two little golden fish of Pandora and Beverly...

When he returned to the apartment, a car, a really luxurious limo, was parked outside the gate. A fat guy that Zhang Tie was very familiar with was standing outside the gate and glancing over the environment here out of curiosity.

He was manager Hance from Iron-Thorns Fighting Club, whose weight was at least two times that of adviser Vessie.

"Manager Hance!"

The moment he saw that fat guy, Zhang Tie already knew his intentions for coming here.

"Judging from your energetic look, you don't seem like having been wounded at all!"

Manager Hance cast an amazed glance at Zhang Tie.

"That's because I have good luck!"

Revealing a smile, Zhang Tie took out his key and opened the gate of the apartment, inviting manager Hance to talk inside.

Entering the room, Zhang Tie pulled up the curtain and the entire parlor recovered its bright appearance once again.

"Boss Donder is really generous!" After visiting the apartment, manager Hance joked.

"He's my teacher, manager Hance should understand that the relationship between teacher and apprentice is almost like the relationship between father and son! It's normal for him to gift me something..."

"Of course, the entire Blackhot City knows that you have good luck!"

"Take a seat, do you drink?"

"No, thanks. I'm here for you at someone's request so as to eliminate the misunderstanding between you and them. Actually, I should've been here since I heard you were awake yesterday. However, considering that you needed a good rest, I came here a day later!"

Saying this, manager Hance pulled out two items from the inside of his coat and put them on the table. One of them was a small delicate box, while the other was a crystal gold note.

"Gregorian family?"

"Yes!" Manager Hance nodded. "Mr. Fiiq, the head of Gregorian family expresses his deepest apologies to you for there being an attempt at your life. This is Gregorian family's compensation for you!"

Looking at the items that manager Hance put on the table, Zhang Tie felt muddle-headed before accepting the fact. It seemed that he was already powerful enough that the ruling families of Blackhot City had to treat him seriously.

"Please tell Mr. Fiiq that this event was because of me, I clearly understand that Gregorian family had nothing to do with this event. I feel deeply sorry for the bad name that has been brought to Gregorian family by this event!"

Manager Hance smiled, very satisfied with Zhang Tie's reply. Previously, he was still worried that a small figure like Zhang Tie who had suddenly climbed up from the bottom would be very arrogant and difficult to deal with. So hearing Zhang Tie's words, he found this youth to be far more intelligent than he had imagined. No wonder Kerlin had a good opinion of him.

Additionally, this youth was lucky enough to even arise others' jealousy. After being struck by a lightning bolt, he could develop so fast: form the Iron-Blood hidden strength in a short period of time, and even survive the quick-acting poison blue frost. Such a good physique was really worth admiration.

"Are you still interested in playing in the Iron-Thorns Fighting Club?" Manager Hance changed the topic and started to chat about the Iron-Thorns Fighting Club with Zhang Tie. "The fighting clubs in Blackhot City would open again the next week!"

"Still the flesh-bag?‘ Zhang Tie asked.

Manager Hance burst out laughing as if having heard the funniest joke. "Of course not, who would dare to find a military officer of the Norman Empire as the flesh bag; even if you wanted, you would not find anyone who would dare to beat you!"

Zhang Tie also started to laugh.

Manager Hance then pulled out a document from inside his coat. "This is the letter of appointment for you to be the senior adviser of the Club. If you agree, you become a senior adviser of the club as of now!"

"What privileges and obligations would I have as a senior adviser in your club?"

"Senior advisers are like our platinum customers, you can give your suggestions to the development and management of the club. The salary of a senior adviser is twenty gold coins per week. Your only obligation is to play in the Blackhot City when you are free."

"Fine!"

Thinking of Mary, Zhang Tie agreed without any hesitation. For such a good thing, if he didn't accept it, there would be something wrong with him.

Manager Hance left satisfied.

...

After sending manager Hance out the gate of the apartment, Zhang Tie came back and took a look at the crystal gold note on the table. The words '5000 gold coins, cash at sight, Golden Roc Bank' made Zhang Tie's heart stop beating for a moment.

Although he had predicted that Gregorian family's sincerity wouldn't be small, he hadn't imagined that they would give him 5000 gold coins, which would be equal to his dad's salary of a hundred years.

Big families were truly generous.

Golden Roc Bank was the largest and most powerful bank across the entire Blackson Human Clan Corridor. People could see the branches of this bank in almost every city of the Blackson Human Clan Corridor. Almost all the Chinese wanted to deposit their money in this bank. No matter how chaotic the Blackson region was, how regime changed and how time flew, this bank would not be influenced.

The ad words of this bank could explain everything, 'One millennium's reputation guarantees'.

This bank had existed before the catastrophe. The catastrophe had changed everything except for this bank. The fact could already indicate its terrifying and not abysmal background.

After putting down this crystal gold note, Zhang Tie opened the small box. A familiar scent wafted

out—it was a delicate, crystal, narrow-mouthed vial with green liquid inside.

The only difference between this one and that vial of Grandma Teresa's was that a line of bronze words on the vial, which looked pretty luxurious - advanced recovery medicament!

It was really as the old Chinese saying went, 'If you survive a big trouble, you will definitely have great happiness later'. Looking at the two items, Zhang Tie burst out laughing loudly...

After seeing off manager Hance, he was alone in the entire apartment. So he immediately went to the hidden cell in the study from where he entered the Castle of Black Iron.

——Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord, welcome to the Castle of Black Iron!

Having not seen the greeting for a few days, Zhang Tie was put in a good mood upon seeing it again.

Because the plants in the Castle of Black Iron were growing everyday, only after a few days, he felt the space in the Castle of Black Iron having become more vigorous and verdant.

Zhang Tie then walked towards the small tree. As expected, he saw two Leakless Fruits on the small tree: one already ripe, the other soon to be. As these Leakless Fruits worked as emergency blood bags, Zhang Tie didn't pick them off.

On another twig of the small tree, he saw the fresh Toxin-Resistance Fruit. It was a blue, similar to a strawberry both in size and shape. The blue color of the fruit reminded Zhang Tie of the quick-acting poison blue frost. The moment he recalled the toxicity of it, he quivered all over. That poison was really terrifying. Without this small tree, Zhang Tie was well-aware that he would have definitely died that time.

After looking at that Toxin-Resistance Fruit carefully, Zhang Tie stretched out his hand and started to check the attributes of the fruit.

——Toxin-Resistance Fruit has become ripe. Usage: Pick and directly eat it. Notice: The fruit cannot be taken out of the Castle of Black Iron. After twelve hours of having been picked off the tree, its energy and vitality will gradually decline.

——All the tests on life will promote the life to the perfect trip of evolution.

——Toxin-Resistance Fruit from blue frost. Its effects are as follows:

1. Immunity to all minor-poisonous toxins.

2. Increased resistance to all toxins by 3%.

3. Increased resistance to nerve paralytic poisons by 7%.

4. Increased resistance to the poison of blue frost by 18%; you can remain unharmed for twenty minutes after being attacked by the blue frost.

'That's great.'

Zhang Tie almost jumped off the ground. He had heard that people who often touched poisonous substances would naturally become resistant to them. Unexpectedly, after being poisoned by blue frost, he could also complete a physical evolution against toxins. This feeling was really cool.

From the classification of poisons, many substances in our daily lives had minor toxicity. Minor toxicity was the slightest degree. Generally speaking, only after taking in above 100 grams of pure minor toxins an average person might be killed. They were rarely contained in certain substances, but went in great amount of varieties and quantities, for instance, waste gases that were emitted from some factories in Blackhot City, mosquitoes that could make your skin swell after biting you, may plants' juices or fruits, unripe tomatoes, especially herbal medicines that Chinese always used.

All the things above contained very light toxins, however, as they posed almost no harm to the human body, people didn't pay much attention to them. After all, nobody would let tens of thousands of mosquitoes to bite him at the same time or eat unripe tomatoes all day long for several months. Therefore, there were no cases of people being killed by minor toxins since ancient times till now. It was definitely 100 times more difficult for a person to collect above 100 grams of minor toxins than collecting 100 grams of quick-acting toxins.

Zhang Tie had not imagined that after being poisoned by blue frost, he could become completely immune to minor toxins. This would definitely make him healthier, and he would not have to worry about bumps on the skin after being bitten by mosquitoes anymore.

The other effects of this Toxin-Resistance Fruit also made Zhang Tie very happy. Since it greatly improved his toxin resistance, making it much greater than that of most average people, how could he not be happy?

Laughing loudly, Zhang Tie instantly picked off the Toxin-Resistance Fruit and engulfed it like how he ate strawberries...



* * *





Chapter 185




On the second day after recovering from his wounds, Zhang Tie felt free for the first time since returning from the Wild Wolf Castle.

Last night, he had met Miss Daina in his dream once again. In a sexy miniskirt, Miss Daina was playing the game of small golden fish and mummy with him. What a sweet dream!

When Zhang Tie was woken up by his biological clock, he lay still a for a time before jumping out of bed. After putting on his clothes and cleansing himself, he hurriedly started to formulate a plan.

Zerom had said that the prelude to a chaotic world has already started.

Donder had said that the holy war between humans and demons was coming.

Guderian had said that the Iron-Blood Camp would soon move to Kalur, the City of Machine.

After a dozens years' peace, the Norman Empire and Sun Dynasty might have another heavy collision at Kalur.

Although Blackhot City looked peaceful now, nobody knew when it would be involved in even greater turmoil. The catastrophe of the entire human clan was drawing increasingly closer. The rulers of the Andaman Alliance, the Norman Empire, Sun Dynasty, and the Blackson Human Clan Corridor had long known what would happen in the future. Thus, they've long ago started making preparations for that in various ways. Only the countless small figures were still puzzled.

This explained how sad the small figures were. Not until the moment the event happened would they know what was coming to destroy their world.

‘But now that I know, I have to prepare for it. Even squirrels know how to store food to tide over the winter. Of course I should behave better than squirrels. But what's my last point of defense? Undoubtedly, the Castle of Black Iron and that small tree are things that I can rely on to help me survive,' Zhang Tie thought

The scene of Grandma Teresa and those kids of the orphanage standing in the street, raising high the board, had deeply affected Zhang Tie. He saw it as a warning to himself. Facing more dangers and crises from now on, he had to make better preparations.

Yesterday, Zhang Tie felt that he had become half a man. While being obsessed with that, he also realized that he had a deep sense of responsibility. When the crisis arrived, he had to save his women from it.

After eating the Toxin-Resistance Fruit, Zhang Tie had walked two circles around the Castle of Black Iron while a thought gradually formed in his mind. He felt that it was the right time for him to remodel the Castle of Black Iron.

When the Castle of Black Iron had no sufficient basic energy storage and merit values, how could he remodel it to make that marvelous space his most solid fortress, a place where his beloved ones and himself could be protected?

There was only one answer—make a plan by himself! Human beings had the strongest manipulative ability, which could even match that space and terrain remodeling function of the Castle of Black Iron.

After considering it for several hours last night by drawing and noting in the study room of his apartment, Zhang Tie finally confirmed three objectives for remodeling the Castle of Black Iron.

Firs, he wanted to build several standard food and material warehouses in the Castle of Black Iron so that on special occasions he could prevent his loved ones from having to starve. In the chaotic world, having enough food came first.

Second, he needed to build a house in the Castle of Black Iron which could satisfy people's basic requirements for living and rest. Zhang Tie considered that in some special cases he might need to bring his parents and Pandora, Alice, and Beverly into the Castle of Black Iron. For instance, if he wanted to escape a disaster, after bring them inside, he could have a thousand times more chances to escape alone by himself, without having to carry so many people outside.

For the second objective, Zhang Tie didn't know whether he could bring big live animals or people into the Castle of Black Iron and what would happen after they were inside, so he needed to make an experiment. This was also what Zhang Tie prepared to do today.

Third, he wanted to build a simple 'biological evolution and mutation lab' in the Castle of Black Iron as the successful evolution of the yeast brought a lot of ideas to him. Some of which were abosolutely crazy. Additionally, Zhang Tie wanted to see what other functions that vial of 'Basic Aura Yeast' had. The best way to test this was to make a big jar of yeast fluid and have a drink, like how he made rice brew at home.

However, the items Zhang Tie had placed in the Castle of Black Iron so far were too simple, even less than a beggar's belongings. There was just a broken storage box, which contained a pile of items. Thinking about it, Zhang Tie felt embarrassed.

It was time to add some items into the Castle of Black Iron. As he was still enjoying a sick leave these days, he was free to do it. If not, he didn't know when would have found the time to do this.

Additionally, the gold note brought by manager Hance yesterday made him very rich, and he didn't need to worry about the prices of what he bought.

After thinking about the details of remodeling the Castle of Black Iron in his mind, Zhang Tie came to his study room and pulled open the bookshelf using the method that Donder had taught him. He then opened the door to the underground hidden cell.

This was Zhang Tie's second time entering this underground hidden cell. After closing the door from inside and feeling that the bookshelf outside had moved to its original place, Zhang Tie instantly became exceptionally thrilled.

Before Donder had left, he taught Zhang Tie another skill—Disguise.

The ten thousands lamps on the walls of the underground hidden cell brightened the entire room, making Zhang Tie's adrenaline soar. Donder had bragged that he was the greatest expert in changing looks. After seeing him changing himself into another person only after a short while, Zhang Tie believed it. Thinking that he could change his look too, like Donder had done, and appear in the Blackhot City with another status and look, Zhang Tie couldn't wait to try it out.

All the items in the cabinets and the storage boxes in that hidden cell were used to change one's look. According to Donder, the most expensive among them was the disguise mask.

The disguise mark was put in a small box on the dresser. Zhang Tie then directly went to the dresser and opened that box. There were six compartments inside, each containing a face module on which a face mark would be placed. Donder had only left one disguise look to Zhang Tie while he took away five.

Looking at the five face models with no disguise marks on them, Zhang Tie started to swear inside. 'This guy didn't even forget to take away five face marks when he left. Judging by his obscene looks after changing his image, he must have done a lot of bad things in Blackhot City these years.'

As Zhang Tie was still a birdie whose figure and looks were still young, Donder only left him a 20-odd year Chinese youth's face mask which looked not too different from Zhang Tie.

Based on how Donder taught him, Zhang Tie took up that 20 or so year looking face mask and put it onto his own face. He then slightly patted it for a minute. After that, he took up a vial of sprayer from the dresser and sprayed it onto his face twice. then continued patting it. After a short while, he felt his skin becoming slightly heavier. At this time, he took another look at the mirror and saw a 20-odd Chinese youth.

Zhang Tie smiled. In response, the 20-odd year youth in the mirror smiled as well.

This face mask was really marvelous. Putting it on, one would have a wholly new face. Just after after patting it for a bit after putting it on, it would adapt to your face's shape. With some water, it would tightly combine with the skin on the face, and no one would be able to see anything wrong with it. It would no be possible to even see any difference between the colors of the mask and the skin of the user's face.

Donder had said that these face masks were made of two very expensive materials: one was biological memory protein, while the other was the solidified active gene of a deformed octopus of the deep sea which had an adjustability many times greater than that of chameleon.

This face mask could not be easily gotten by average people in Blackson Human Clan Corridor, even in the whole Eastern Continent. Even though Donder was a hard-core disguise user, he had only collected six face masks in total. Therefore, he felt pained by even leaving one to Zhang Tie.



After changing his look, Zhang Tie picked up two vials and drank a small mouthful from each one. He then mixed them in his mouth and swallowed.

At first, he felt a bit itchy in his throat. After coughing twice, he realized that his voice had become much lower, even a bit hoarse.

"Hello!" Zhang Tie tried saying, and a different person's voice reached his ears.

The next steps were be much easier. Since it was his first disguise, Zhang Tie didn't want to make it too sophisticated. It would be okay simply to not be recognised as himself.

He then opened another cabinet. From among the dozens of wigs inside, he chose one which was yellow and longer than his original hair. After putting it on, he saw a completely unfamiliar man in the mirror.

Donder was very careful. Before he left, he had prepared more than ten sets of various clothes for Zhang Tie, fitted to his figure. He then chose gray, mid-level clothes which made him look like a small clerk from the firms in Blackhot City.

By now Zhang Tie looked completely different.

Finally, he checked all the details before the mirror for a while. After confirming that even his elder brother would not recognize him, he revealed a smile and walked to a stone wall next to the room's corner. After forcefully pushing on it, a one meter high underground tunnel opened up in front of Zhang Tie.

Lowering his body, he crawled inside...



* * *





Chapter 186




The underground tunnel was dim and low, forcing Zhang Tie to lower his head. Thankfully, the tunnel was broad enough. Several ten thousand years illuminating lamps like those in the hidden cell were hanging above the tunnel which brightened the entire place.

Although reluctant to admit it, Zhang Tie felt like a rat crawling through an underground tunnel.

The two sides and the ceiling of the underground tunnel were made of stone. In order to eliminate the echoes being produced when people walked inside, a layer of soft carpet was paved on it. Walking on it, Zhang Tie thought about the scenes of Donder walking down this tunnel numerous times—was that guy using this tunnel to gather information? According to Donder, the organization behind his back had already given him a big face by kicking him here to the small Blackhot City. He might have not needed to do anything at all here.

Zhang Tie's question was solved when he reached the middle part of the tunnel. He felt something soft against his foot. Out of curiosity, he bent over to pick up it and brought it in front of his eyes.

It was a black corsage with lace which contained a layer of soft sponge inside. It was larger than that of Alice and Beverly. It was still emitting a rich fragrance, and looked pretty new, as if it was just left here.

F*ck!

Zhang Tie instantly threw it onto the ground. He thought he finally understood what the disguise skill and this underground tunnel were truly used for. No wonder Donder had always disappeared after closing up his grocery store.

At this moment, Zhang Tie could easily imagine what that guy would usually do in the evening. Although being as lazy as a dead dog lying in a chair, he turned into a timber wolf in the evening! This guy really had a special hobby. However, after thinking carefully about it, even Zhang Tie had to admit that this deed was exceptionally interesting. He had heard that some ancient emperors also liked to do this: after disguising themselves, they would always escape outside to accost women and play games of mummy and small golden fish in various patterns.

After a short while, Zhang Tie had already walked to the end of this tunnel. Close to a hidden observation window at the end of the tunnel, he saw the scene inside the chartered room of this underground bar.

It was not large, covering less than 20 square meters. The entire chartered room was much dimmer than the underground tunnel where Zhang Tie was standing in. There were a set of dark red sofa, a bed, a table, and two water-pipe like stainless steel pipes standing in the chartered room, whose function was uncertain. Besides them, there were some odd decorations. Although this wasn't a high-class place, it had a very ambiguous atmosphere.

Seeing nobody in the chartered room, Zhang Tie walked out of the tunnel after pressing a hidden switch. He then looked back and saw the entrance of the hidden tunnel behind a decorative pillar on the wall of the chartered room.



Zhang Tie then put the pillar to its original place.

The key of the room was put on the table, the place having been locked inside. Taking up the key, Zhang Tie took a deep breath, then opened the door of the chartered room and walked out.

The underground bar was very dim around the clock. The sparse lights in the bar caused many shadowy areas. Some places even seemed to have been especially arranged to be in the darkness.

Previously, Zhang Tie had heard of the 'brilliance' of this kind of underground bars in Blackhot City from Hista's mouth. However, it was his first time visiting a place like that today.

The underground bars of Blackhot City ran around the clock. They were the favorite places of workers, firm clerks, small bosses of grocery stores like Donder, soldiers of the City Guard who had put off their military uniforms and got the salary, and lewd guys like Hista.

They could drink, dance, and even rent a room. Like their lighting policy, these kind of bars took 'ambiguous' as their operating philosophy! They were neither as direct as those roadside prostitutes nor as hypocritical as those women in the rich clubs and mansions. Everything here proceeded under the dim lamp lights and shadowy ambiguity.

Women here varied from small girls at 15-16 years old, lonely young married women at 20-30 years, and sexy middle-aged women at 40-50 years. Some roadside prostitutes even came here to solicit trades. Nominally, the women here would only accompany you for paid dance or drink, however, often enough, after dancing or drinking, if the atmosphere was harmonious enough and you didn't feel reluctant to spend 2-3 extra silver coins, you would end up sleeping with them. Sometimes, if you met any thirsty young married women, you wouldn't even need to spend money except for paying for the room.

While if you didn't want to sleep with women overnight, you could solve your psychological problem on the dancing floor, at the dark corners of sofas, or on the cassette. This was what Hista, that lewd guy, had concluded.

The underground bars of Blackhot City were a treasure land where lonely men and women came for pleasures and part-time jobs.

The moment Zhang Tie came out of the chartered room, before he had even figured out the directions, he had already heard some weird voices and sounds, which were coming from inside the chartered room beside his one. That was a rhythmic sound like of clapping hands alongside a woman's groans.

In the early morning, there were men and women walking out of the chartered rooms, intending to leave the bar, while new ones were coming in to replace them.

This underground bar was very large, consisting of two floors. Each floor covered at least as large an area as ten-thousand square meters. There were at least one hundred chartered rooms in total, all of which were arranged in a clockwise manner.

There were people accessing here all day long. On that huge dancing floor and in each dark corner surrounding the dancing floor, there were men and women entangling with and embracing each other.

Several bandsmen were playing lewd music. The sounds from the Saxophone were like caterwauls.

Donder was really a bad ass!

This place was really ambiguous, lecherous, and lacked taste.

He had no idea what deals were made between Donder and the boss of this bar, but since Donder had told him that there was no problem with it and the chartered room was very safe, Zhang Tie didn't consider it anymore.

Coming out of the chartered rooms area, Zhang Tie walked through the dancing floor and hurriedly got rid of several women, dressed in exposing clothes, that wished to tangle with him on the side of the dancefloor. He then followed several pairs of men and women upward, towards the entrance of this underground bar. The light at the entrance brought him a sense of seeing the light of the day after staying in the darkness for a long time.

The entrance of the bar was located in the intersection between Avenue Monet and Avenue Starlight. Looking from outside, it was like an underground shopping mall, though in truth the inside was totally different. Several tough, tattooed men were standing at the entrance to check the tickets.

In the early morning, there were already men and women who wanted to enter the bar and were buying tickets at the entrance; 20 copper coins per person. At the same time, those coming out of the entrance would kiss each other and depart at the entrance. Seeing this, Zhang Tie became more understanding about the game rules among adults.

As he had many things to deal with today, Zhang Tie didn't waste any time. The moment he walked out of the entrance, he saw a trolleybus driving past. Zhang Tie then trotted forward, caught up with it, and jumped on it...

Ten minutes later, he got off in a stop near the railway station of Blackhot City. He then walked directly to the most boisterous warehouse and material distribution area in Blackhot City.

This was a true boisterous business area. No matter who was ruling Blackhot City, the various trucks didn't decrease in this area at all. Both sides of the avenues were filled with all sorts of brand logos and service windows of firms and business groups.

Just after wandering on the avenue for a bit, Zhang Tie had already seen a sign 'warehouse for rent'. He then walked inside. The place belonged to an agency that was responsible for warehouse rent near the railway station. There was only one 40-odd year thin man in glasses inside.

"What can I do for you, sir?"

After taking notice of Zhang Tie, who looked like a young man come here to handle affairs for some business group, that middle-aged man walked over enthusiastically.

"I want a warehouse!" Zhang Tie instantly exclaimed.

"You're in the right place. I swear to you nobody would be more familiar than me with the warehouses across the Blackhot City! Once you need, I will find it for you!" the middle-aged man in glasses said enthusiastically. "Can you tell me the size and renting period?"

"I need a standard warehouse of about 400 square meters, short rent, only two weeks!" Zhang Tie explained it simply.

"Do you have any special demands for the floor?"

"First floor would be better, that would be convenient for moving goods!"

"Do you need the warehouse to present you with the insurance policies for goods?‘

"No need!"

"Well, please take a sit and wait for a moment!"

The middle-aged man walked behind a desk and took up a notebook. After checking it for 30 seconds, he put it down and smiled at Zhang Tie. "We have one here. If you only rent it for two weeks, the rent is 4 gold coins and 40 silver coins. You know, the rent is comparatively expensive for short rent. Plus the agency fee, you need to pay 4 gold coins and 64 silver coins. If you agree, I can take you to have a look at the warehouse right now!’

"Fine!"

Zhang Tie's arrival brought this man a business deal in the early morning. So he was somewhat happy as he took out of a key from the drawer and brought Zhang Tie to a storage logistics area which was not far from here.

The standard warehouses were tightly built, based on the patterns of containers. This kind of warehouse only had a gate for truck access and a small door for people. Besides that, there weren't any windows to allow the light getting inside. Additionally, the warehouse—as usual—was built with high-intensity steel tiles, which were extremely hard to break from outside.

The man showed Zhang a standard warehouse, sized more than 400 square meters with 10 m in height and more than 40 m in length.

Holding the key, the man opened the gate of this warehouse and showed Zhang Tie in. Zhang Tie entered and walked around. Finding it was very clean inside, meeting his requirements very well, he right away rented it out.

After returning to the man's office, Zhang Tie gave him five gold coins. The man then gave Zhang Tie back 26 silver coins and a 10-silver coins' receipt for the key and the lock of the warehouse. Two weeks later, when Zhang Tie came back to return the key, that man would give him the 10 silver coins back.

After walking out of the office, Zhang Tie had two warehouse keys with him.

Coming to a nearby traffic stop, he got on another trolleybus. Twenty minutes later, he arrived at a place on Avenue Bright where the well-known Golden Roc Bank was located in.

Previously, when Zhang Tie came to the Avenue Bright, he always felt self-abased. However, this time, touching the 5000 gold coins' note in his pocket, he became braver than ever before...



* * *





Chapter 187




Being located in Avenue Bright, the Golden Roc Bank was the grandest architecture in the whole avenue. At the entrance of the bank were twelve stone pillars, each a diameter of one meter. In the middle of the building, between two stone pillars, was a huge relief of a four-winged golden roc which was over ten meters in length. This huge bird with four wings was the symbol of Golden Roc Bank and the ruler of the heavens, the land and the sea, the one who ate dragons in Chinese myths and legends.

Entering the hall, Zhang Tie felt like coming into a palace. The black marble floor was akin to a mirror. No service desks were set in the hall like in other banks, instead, there were two rows of service rooms for customers to enter. Each service room could only service one customer a time, thus guaranteeing absolute privacy.

Customers who were waiting in line just stayed in the sofa area outside the service rooms for a rest. Only once the current people inside the small rooms left could the bank clerks open the doors and invited the next customers in.

Although the ruler of Blackhot City had changed, the business of the Golden Roc Bank was not influenced at all; on the contrary, it became even hotter than before. No matter who ruled the city, Andaman Alliance or the Norman Empire, the Golden Roc Bank would not be influenced at all.

Chinese people could enjoy some privileged services in Golden Roc Bank such as not having to queue up!

Under jealous gazes of many pot-bellied gentlemen in tidy clothes, Zhang Tie with an average face mask came to the door of a service room. This room was exclusive for Chinese people in the Golden Roc Bank. Differently from other service rooms, the door of this one was not dark red, but golden yellow which Chinese people favored.

The bank clerk standing at the entrance of this service room was a 20-odd Chinese youth. At the sight of Zhang Tie coming here, he made a hand gesture in greeting before walking inside together with Zhang Tie. He then closed the door of the service room.

The inside was not large, less than 20 square meters, but it was well arranged. Each part of furniture inside was delicate. There was only one desk, two chairs, and a group of sofas. Behind the desk was a trading window which was similar to other bank counters.

After motioning for Zhang Tie to sit down on a chair near the desk, the young clerk spoke in Mandarin Chinese.

"Pleasure to serve you, what can I do for you, sir?"

Zhang Tie pulled out the 5000 gold coins' crystal note from his pocket and gave it to him.

"I want to withdraw cash!"

The 20-odd bank clerk took the gold note. Not amazed by the amount, he carefully checked the anti-counterfeit label, the hidden grains and a series of special identification code on it, then finally nodded.

"All of them?‘

"All of them!"

"Well, wait for a moment then please!"

Taking the gold note, the young men turned back and came to a trading window behind the desk and slightly pressed the bell button on the window. After a 'ding' sound, the window opened. The clerk then passed Zhang Tie's note inside.

"The customer wants to withdraw all the cash!‘

In the short seconds until he came back, Zhang Tie felt bored and took up a service card which introduced the scope of business of the Golden Roc Bank. Besides usual businesses like bank storage and credit loan, the Golden Roc Bank's business included all kinds of other things such as financial investment, asset entrustment management, auctioning and pawning, creditors' right handling, business group financing, armored transportation, stock raising, pioneering, special personnel employment, information inquiry and release...

All this made Zhang Tie, who had come to the Golden Roc Bank for the first time, widely open his eyes. This was not a bank at all; this was obviously a monster combined of many super business groups!

Seeing Zhang Tie's amazement, that young bank clerk walked towards him. "Are you interested in our other services, sir?"

"You can provide all the services on the card?"

Out of suspicion, Zhang Tie pointed at the content on card.

"Yes! We can provide all the services on it. Our bank has numerous powerful cooperative business groups and partners which passed rigid authentications. We can satisfy all your requirements!"

"Does Golden Roc Bank provide pioneering service?"

"The most powerful business group Home of the Wild in Blackhot City is our partner. They have a business representative here in our bank. If you need, I can call him here to negotiate with you!"

Zhang Tie had not imagined that he could find a business group that provided pioneering services in Golden Roc Bank which really saved him a lot of time. Previously, he had planned to find a business group which provided pioneering services and purchase the materials needed for building houses there. Now, it would be much easier to deal with this.

"Fine! Thanks, I'm seeking for a business group that could provide pioneering services!"

"Wait for a moment then please!"

The 20-odd bank clerk left through another door in the room. Only one minute later, a 40-odd bald man came in with a pile of papers in his hands. Sitting down in front of Zhang Tie, he showed his exceptional respect, seemingly in-the-know of Zhang Tie's paying ability from the Golden Roc Bank.

"Nice to meet you, sir. I'm Longe, the business representative of the business group Home of the Wild in Blackhot City, I heard you are very interested in what we can offer you."

"Yes, my friends and me have chosen a place in the wild and are planning to reclaim wasteland and settle down there. I heard you could help pioneers quickly build houses in the wild. Therefore, I want to have a consultation on that!"

Hearing this, Longe became more lively. "You've found the right man, sir, this is our business group's advantage. If you want to settle and reclaim wasteland from the wild, you have to have a safe and comfortable base. Our business group can customize any house according to your requirements in the shortest time. Can you tell me your requirements?’

As it was very difficult to temporarily find raw materials in the wild to build a house, many pioneers who prepared to settle down wanted to customize their house in advance before bringign the components to where they had chosen to build their base. There were many business groups and commercial organizations in Blackhot City which could provide this service. Home of the Wild was the best among them as their services almost covered all the problems that pioneers would face when they tried to reclaim wasteland and settled down in the wild.

"Hmm, I need a house that could accommodate 20-odd people and a super huge food warehouse. The construction of the house should not be too sophisticated. It'd be better if it could be assembled by only one tough man..."

"Do you need the house to have great defense against wild beasts? If you need, we can provide special house building materials and externally-mounted movable residence' armor."

While they were discussing it, Longe started to record everything they talked about with a pen.

"No need, there are few wild beasts over there. Even if there are, they're just our meals. The only concern is that there are few natural resources there that we could use to quickly build a house!"

"If so, we suggest you choose the No. 3 Wild House!"

Saying this, Longe pulled out a paper and gave it to Zhang Tie. Picking it, Zhang Tie saw two refreshing log cabins with triangular roofs: one was one story high, the other two. Below them were several photos of the structures and perspective drawings of the two log cabins.

"Can this No. 3 log cabin satisfy all of our demands?‘

"Of course not. This is just a sample which tells you the general look and structure of this wild log cabin. No. 3 log cabin has two types: one and two stories high. For each of them, we could provide six sizes for you to choose from. The house sizes would variate from 30 square meters to 380 square meters. You can choose your specifications..."

"Can one person finish building this log cabin?"

"It won't be more difficult than stacking blocks for you to build this log cabin!" Longe revealed a smile. "This log cabin was especially designed for pioneers who settle in the wild. It consists of modules, and all the building materials are standard steel and wood. We will classify all the items. If you build it according to the instructions, you will easily be able to manage it."

"How much will it cost?"

Zhang Tie's heart was hooked.

"Based on floor area, it would cost you 23 silver coins per square meter for the single-story log cabin. The fee rises to 34 silver coins per square meter for the two-story log cabin. As the two-story log cabin features a higher efficiency on using space and materials, it would be more cost-efficient.

"As you understand, this is just the price for the building materials themselves. If you need, we can also help you build it, or at least pull the materials to the place outside the Blackhot City, but for that we'll ask for extra labor and transportation fees.

"The longest transportation distance that we can provide right now is within the region of Blackhot City that has been explored on the map. You need to pay 1% of the building price of the log cabin for each 5 km."

"I can deal with the transportation. I've rented out a warehouse in Blackhot City. You only need to transport the items there!"

"If we just need to deliver the items within Blackhot City, you don't need to pay extra for transportation fees at all!"

Zhang Tie was already imagining the remodeling of the Castle of Black Iron, yet at the same time, he was calculating the price of these lob cabins in his mind. Two-story log cabin looked much more cost-efficient with a higher space utilization rate. However, the single-story log cabin seemed to be easier to build.

After considering it for several seconds, Zhang Tie formed an image in his mind: in the Castle of Black Iron, north of the small tree that stood in the center, was a two-story log cabin that covered more than 200 square meters and was mainly used for living; in the west were two single-story log cabins which served as food warehouses; and to the east of the small tree was a slightly smaller two-story log cabin which performed as his lab.

The four log cabins surrounded the small tree and the spring, making it a small wild manor.



* * *





Chapter 188




The two-story log cabin, number 3B210, for the north covering 210 square meters cost 71 gold coins and 40 silver coins...

The two single-story log cabins, number 3A80, for the west covering 80 square meters each cost 36 gold coins and 80 silver coins...

The two-story log cabin for his lab, number 3B90, for the east cost 30 gold coins and 60 silver coins...

Besides them, Zhang Tie ordered many other items from Longe, which indicated that he was certainly planning to reclaim wasteland and settle down in the wild.

Zhang Tie ordered whole sets of simple modular furniture, various living utilities, and all sorts of bottles and jars. Many items in that list made Longe confused as to what Zhang Tie planned to use them for. However, now that the youth had officialy made an order, Longe would be happy to note everything else down. Big customers like Zhang Tie were rarely seen, but when pioneers were in need, his business group would satisfy them.

In addition, Zhang Tie ordered four wild seeds planting bags, two sets of toolkits, one LV 2 metal processing platform, two tons of rice, two tons of flour, one ton of dried meat and milk slices, and one ton of various foods, such as preserved fruits and cans that could stay edible for a long time

All the items that Zhang Tie ordered finally became codes like those of the log cabins on a form in Longe's hand. After saving over 10 silver coins, Zhang Tie needed to pay 237 gold coins to purchase those items.

"Do you have any special requirements?"

Seeing Zhang Tie paying for the items without any hesitation, Mr. Longe showed a more enthusiastic smile.

"One single package of these items should not be heavier than 500 kgs!" Zhang Tie requested. "The heaviest materials should be able to be moved by 2-3 people! We don't have enough people to build the log cabins."



"No problem, don't worry about this. For the convenience of wild transportation, the maximal weight of a single package is 418 kg. As long as you have enough time, any house can be assembled by a single person. Do you have any more questions?"

"How long will it take for you to prepare all of these items and send them to my warehouse?"

"We will deliver the first batch in an hour!"

"Fine, I'll wait for you in the warehouse!"

...

With a smile on his face, Mr. Longe took away the order and Zhang Tie's gold coins. In this age, all the gold coins circulating among humans were unified. Each gold coin weighed 25 grams and was made of pure gold. Therefore, the weight of 40 gold coins was 1 kg. The total amount of gold coins that Zhang Tie had paid weighed almost 6 kgs. No wonder Mr. Longe kept smiling. This was really a great business.

This was also the largest trade that Zhang Tie had experienced ever since he was born. Thinking that he had spent over 200 gold coins with a golden roc on them which were delivered by the Golden Roc Bank, Zhang Tie was so thrilled that even started sweating.

Mr. Longe walked out and the bank clerk, who had received Zhang Tie just now, came with a handbag. "Besides the 237 gold coins that you've requested to pay, there're 4763 gold coins. You can count it here!"

It was not difficult to count the rest of the money as these gold coins were well sealed and packaged in columns, 40 gold coins for one column. Zhang Tie counted and found that there were 119 columns and 3 gold coins inside which weighted about 120 kg in hand. This much wasn't heavy to him at all.

"This handbag is our gift. Also, as you have withdrawn a great amount of cash from our bank, if you need, we can have a car escort you to where you want in the Blackhot City!"

Zhang Tie looked at that average handbag in his hand. Although 120 kgs' gold coins looked very heavy, they actually only occupied a small part of the bag which could not be easily identified. He shook his head.

"No need, thanks..."

The Golden Roc Bank arranged for all the customers who came here to deal with businesses and withdraw cash with great consideration, especially paying attention to details. For instance, that handbag gifted by the bank to Zhang Tie was an average handbag without any label on it, which could easily hold 120 kgs inside. When one lifted it in hand, nobody would know it contained 4763 gold coins inside.

When Zhang Tie about to leave, that young bank clerk arranged for him to leave through another door in the service room. This way, the people who saw Zhang Tie enter the service room with nothing in hand would not able to see him leave with a handbag. It indirectly guaranteed his safety.

Leaving the Golden Roc Bank, Zhang Tie carried over 120 kgs' handbag on his shoulder; he left Avenue Bright on agile steps. After reaching a bus stop and getting on a trolleybus, he arrived at another boisterous place in Blackhot City 20 minutes later.

Usually, those figures who were born in the upper class in Avenue Bright rarely came here because any set of clothes or leather boots in the stores there were luxuries that would cost people selling here their one years' salary, without eating or drinking.

This place was animal trading market outside the south gate of Blackhot City. It was spontaneously organized by citizens to trade various livestock some dozens of years ago.

Compared to the flea market beside the railway station, this animal market was a boisterous scene on another level.

This place for trading various animals was located in a banyan forest beside the south city wall of Blackhot City. On the empty land many cages and boxes were placed, containing all sorts of animals. Simple booths stood connected to each other. Animal sounds, especially dogs' barking could be heard everywhere in this street. In opposition to Avenue Bright which was filled with the fragrance of Chinese rose and lilac, this place was filled with the smell of animals' urine and sh*t.

Big figures would never come to this dirty place, however, Zhang Tie really enjoyed wandering around here.

As human pets, cats and dogs were the most common animals here. As to others, there were various birds, some weird animals that had been caught outside the Blackhot City such as raccoons, monkeys, wolf cubs. Some other animals were brought here to purely satisfy a small amount of people's curiosity and hobby to care for weird pets such as snakes, lizards, spiders, rats, beetles, and various mutated living beings.

There were also many kinds of horses and cattle here, occupying a relatively large trading area.

The greater part of farmers and pioneers outside Blackhot City were living on this animals trading market.

The golden wolves caught in the Prairie Crescent would also be sold here. On some notice boards in this market, there were rewards for bringing in special animals. No matter what beast you wanted, or what goods you had, it would only cost one silver coin to release a notice here. If anyone met your requirement, they would come here for you.

Several local snakes [1] were maintaining market order here and managing several information notice boards to survive themselves.

As no zoo was set in Blackhot City, this place was the closest thing. Before Zhang Tie had went to work in Donder's grocery store, he had usually wandered around here. His dream as a child was to have a dog. However, his dad complained that a dog would dirty their home and influence the rice brewing business, therefore, that dream had not been fulfilled.

Even if Zhang Tie was carrying over 100 kgs' of gold, he realized that this dream of his childhood could still not be realized even now. It was easy to buy a dog, but he might not have enough time to look after it. No matter where he left the animal to stay alone, the apartment or somewhere else, it would still be irresponsible of him, and unfair to the dog.

After circling around the market, Zhang Tie came to a place in the banyan forest. This place was the favorite place of many pioneers and farmers who settled down in the wild because the things sold here would always bring people pleasure and sweetness. With only a disposable investment of a few coins, you would get endless sweetness in the future without having to take care of it.

They sold bees here.

Because many plants in the Castle of Black Iron had bloomed or would bloom, they needed insects' pollination to bear fruits.

Zhang Tie wanted to try whether he could bring many animals in the Castle of Black Iron at once. Besides that, he also had a small ambition to succeed in mutating and evolving an animal...

After some considerations, Zhang Tie found that the three requirements could all be satisfied if he brought a hive of bees in the Castle of Black Iron.

The bees sold here were greatly different from those raised by professionals. They would always use relatively sophisticated movable-frame beehives while the beehives here were cylinder ones, suitable for lazy people. These cylinder beehives were made completely of sawed-off pine trees whose diameter were about 0.5 m or so.

After sawing the trunks to right sizes and cleaning off the insides, they did some simple processing and treatment by fixing a couple solid wooden bars in the hollow part of the trunk, thus turning them into the simplest cylinder lattice beehives.

From their looks, they were absolutely like tree stools or wine barrels which could be casually put in the wild or hung under the eaves. In blooming seasons, people could collect honey for several months or half a year. Although the honey collection was much more irregular and lower in frequency, it was very convenient.

As for those farmers or pioneers who lived in Blackhot City, as long as they hung one beehive like this under their eave and raised a hive of bees, their whole family would not worry about having no sweet food. With two more beehives, they could even make some money from it.

Each beehive contained a hive of bees, a honeycomb which was as large as a bowl mouth, and a queen bee. Only after a couple of looks, Zhang Tie bought a beehive which was even bigger than a wine barrel. Together with bees, it cost him 16 silver coins in total. After paying 17 silver coins, Zhang Tie asked the seller to send this beehive along with the bees into that warehouse which he had rented out.

The seller only needed to rent a three-wheeler to carry this beehive through the Blackhot City, which would cost him less than 30 copper coins. So seeing Zhang Tie give him a whole extra silver coin, he was very happy. Therefore, he even gifted Zhang Tie a set of tools used for cutting honey and a screened hat that could prevent people's faces from being stung by bees.

After finishing his arrangements, the moment Zhang Tie wanted to leave here and return downtown, he saw a familiar person - Samira.



* * *





Chapter 189




Zhang Tie noticed that Samira was bargaining before a booth with a businessman who sold scaly anteaters. As it was noisy here, Zhang Tie hadn't noticed him before at all; additionally, there was a small patch of person-high plants between the two of them. Zhang Tie wasn't able to see through the plants, so of course he didn't know that Samira was standing right behind them.

It was Samira's voice that had attracted his attention.

"What? It's just a mutated cuprine scaly anteater, not even a LV 1 living being. You want 30 silver coins for it? Why not go rob? At most 10 silver coins. Additionally, I will take this iron cage..."

Hearing Samira's voice, Zhang Tie, who was preparing to leave, became dumbfounded. What a coincidence!

That was true!

He turned and took a detour around that small patch of strawberry trees.

It was really Samira!

Probably afraid of being caught by Zhang Tie, after disappearing for over ten days, Samira looked more low-key. At least he didn't wear that expensive silk hat anymore. Besides, his clothes were much more average. He looked like a small steward of a rich family. However, his expression and voice didn't change even a bit.

Standing on both of Samira's sides were two tough men who were currently lifting several iron cages. All the animals inside them were cuprine scaly anteaters.

Cuprine scaly anteater was a mutated living being which was not very aggressive. It was dark red in color with a metallic luster like that of red copper. Its flesh was very yummy, making it a very great meal.

The most special items on the scaly anteater were those scales with the metallic luster. It was said that besides being used as a medicine, they had a very powerful defensive ability which could even match that of copper sheets. Additionally, they were very light. After perforation, they became good raw materials for making scale-armor. The scale-armor of cuprine scaly anteaters had nice defence, making it the favorite of many hunters and pioneers who didn't have enough money.

The place where Zhang Tie stood was still several meters away from Samira. He pretended to watch those small animals on the booth beside him while fixing his pupils on Samira from the corners of his eyes.

...

The ten silver coins Samira counter-offered with were obviously much lower than what the hunter selling them had expected. He didn't want to sell his goods at such a low price at all. Finally, they started to bargain.

"Do you know who I am? I'm a franchised LV 3 supplier of the Military Administration of Blackhot City for the Norman Empire. These cuprine scaly anteaters would be used for entertaining the VIPs of the Norman Empire. Do you know where you live and whose rules you're following? You dare to offer such a high price to me?"

Hearing how Samira was shamelessly screaming to frighten that hunter, Zhang Tie started to swear at his shamelessness. His status as a LV 3 supplier had long been canceled. Almost all the people in the Iron-Blood Camp knew this guy had screwed Zhang Tie and were planning to find him trouble.

As for his current situation, he was in-hiding, not even daring to return to Blackhot City. What VIPs of the Norman Empire needed him to entertain them? What were those privileged families of the Coal, Steel, and Iron Federation of Blackhot City being used for?

Hearing Samira's explanation, the seller hesitated. After seeing the two tough men nearby, he finally agreed to sell the animal at the price of 15 silver coins.

Samira was pleased somewhat. After paying, he let the two tough men carry the iron cage of the cuprine scaly anteater while he looked around the banyan forest and then left.

Zhang Tie followed them at a distance of 50 m.

The south of Blackhot City was much more prosperous than the north or the west. There was a lake and a small town outside the south city wall. As there were so many passers-by on the way, Zhang Tie was not noticed by them.

After walking more than ten minutes, Samira and the other two men came to a place next to the lake and walked directly inside.

It was an exceptionally beautiful castle-type manor covering over 33000 square meters. There were several lofty and grandiose buildings inside it; all the rich men in Blackhot City had their own manors and castles.

Looking at the ten meter high wall and the team of guards in bright clothes outside the gate, Zhang Tie frowned and stopped.

Seeing a person passing by, Zhang Tie asked with admiration evident in his expression.

"This manor is really magnificent. Do you know who the owner is?"

That person stared at Zhang Tie like looking at a rustic before answering with pride, "This manor belongs to the greatest alchemist in Blackhot City, Master Abyan!"

Master Abyan! Zhang Tie understood it well now. No wonder he could not find Samira anywhere in city. This guy had hidden here. He had really found a powerful back to hide behind!

After estimating the time, Zhang Tie cast a deep look at that magnificent manor before turning back to return to Blackhot City.

...

Half an hour later, he returned to the storage area near the railway station. It was the most boisterous time of the day as cargo trucks accessed the warehouses one after another.

Taking out of his key, Zhang Tie opened the small door and entered. One minute later, he walked out again. In that short period of time he had already sent the gold coins into the Castle of Black Iron.

Less than five minutes after he walked out, the first truck from Home of the Wild arrived. Longe was also here along with the truck. Seeing Zhang Tie waiting at the entrance of the warehouse, he jumped off the truck.

"Sir, is this your warehouse?"

Longe pointed at the gate of the warehouse behind Zhang Tie.

"Yes!"

Zhang Tie nodded.

Longe waved his hands, and several workers got off the vehicle and opened the gate of the warehouse. Then, the truck drove right inside. Zhang Tie and Longe then walked in and guided the workers in discharging the cargo.

All the cargo in the truck was packaged in cartons or portable wooden cases. Therefore, they were easily moved.

While the workers were removing the boxes from the truck, Longe gave Zhang Tie three manuals.

"These are assembly manuals for the three log cabins. This batch of cargo is for the two customized single-story log cabins, each of which occupies 80 square meters. Once you transport it to the right place, based on the steps in the manuals, you'll easily build up the houses. There's an adroit worker in our business group who only needs ten hours to build a No. 3 single-story log cabin which covers 80 square meters. Each standard component has a code. You can see them on the package crates. This is just like using building blocks to build a house, as you only need strength, it'll be easy!"

Skimming over the manual for the single-story log cabin which covered 80 square meters, Zhang Tie found that the assemblage steps on it were very detailed. The instructions were also easily understood. After only several glances, he was already attempting to build that 3A80 log cabin in his mind.

After his spiritual energy upsurged again, Zhang Tie gradually found some advantages of high spiritual energy. He realized that with the greatly increased visualization, he could easily remember all the steps only by visualizing them once in his mind.

The single-story log cabin 3A80 weighed 14.5 tons in total. It consisted of 954 wooden components and laminates of various types of four major categories and 226 standard steel and iron components of seven major categories. There were 398 places in the entire house that required to be fixed by bolts and buckles. The whole building process only needed four tools: a heavy hammer, a light hammer, a wrench, and a portable standing ladder.

There were more than ten workers discharging cargo, all of them tough men. So the cargo that was only slightly less than 30 tons were soon emptied out of the truck and placed in the corners of the warehouse in two tidy piles.

The moment the truck was empty, it was driven out and another one went in.

On the second truck was a portable two-story log cabin 3B90 that covered 90 square meters, some parts, packaged furniture, and a pioneering toolkit. This truck carried almost 20 tons of cargo.

After all of it was taken out and tidily arranged in the warehouse, the truck drove out and the third one went in— it contained the grains ordered by Zhang Tie.

When the third truck was discharged, the beehive arrived.

By the afternoon, after several hours' of transportation, all the cargo ordered in the Home of the Wild had been brought in. The total weight of it all were over 100 tons. As a result, three quarters of the over 400 square meters' warehouse were filled.

After the people from the Home of the Wild left, Zhang Tie closed the warehouse's gate from inside. As a result, no sunlight could penetrate in. Only with the faint light of illuminating stones could Zhang Tie see the scene in the warehouse.

Looking at the materials piled as high as hills, he scratched his head. It seemed that he had bought too many items this time. But it felt really cool to spend money.

Zhang Tie smiled and walked in front of the cargo. Carrying over a 200 kgs' package crate, he immediately disappeared from the warehouse. Several seconds later, he reappeared. He then carried another crate of cargo and disappeared once more...

Zhang Tie became a carrier himself and started to move the cargo from here into the Castle of Black Iron one package or crate after another...



* * *





Chapter 190




The cargo inside the warehouse were decreasing by crates and cartons. Each time Zhang Tie appeared, the cargo would be reduced by 400-500 kgs, at least in the warehouse.

With nine wolves' strength in his body, Zhang Tie had super strong endurance and strength. He just kept carrying the cargo from the warehouse into the Castle of Black Iron without even knowing what fatigue was.

Two hours later, a greater part of the cargo in the warehouse had 'disappeared'. Sitting on a box, Zhang Tie started to enter meditation of 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus' with his legs crossed so as to recover his spiritual energy. Right now, although Zhang Tie felt a bit tired, he still had enough strength to continue. However, after 100-200 times of carrying the heavy boxes into Castle of Black Iron in a short period of time, even with his increased spiritual energy Zhang Tie could still not stand it spiritually.

The meditation took him over an hour. During this time, he attempted to visualize the two 13-column abacuses in his mind at the same time before using the two abacuses to carry out sophisticated four arithmetic operations.

At the beginning, Zhang Tie found that the two abacuses would present the same result. For instance, if he multiplied 3659 by 49631, the two abacus would present 181599829 at the same time. But after practicing it for a while, his heart suddenly pounded as he decided he wanted to attempt how to calculate four arithmetic operations on two abacuses at the same time. The moment this thought flashed across his mind, he couldn't wait to have a try.

However, he found it was very difficult to do two different arithmetic operations on two abacuses at the same time. After the two abacuses in his mind broke apart many times, he felt reluctant to carry out two-digit arithmetic operations on two abacuses at the same time like how preliminary students did. But even that he couldn't do smoothly. Zhang Tie felt like having returned to the time when he just started to clumsily learn to use an abacus.

The fact was that there was a common ground between practicing spiritual energy and exercising physical muscles—the harder you exercised, the better the effect would be. After practicing 'Mental Arithmetic by Two Abacuses' for over an hour, Zhang Tie found that his spiritual energy had recovered much faster than before, along with a more obvious effect. Additionally, his mindset had become clearer.

There was really one reason for it. After discovering the potential of 'Mental Arithmetic by Two Abacuses', Zhang Tie was in a good mood. Previously, according to the book, after the increase in spiritual energy, his 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus' skill had reached a bottleneck and could hardly improve even a bit. He hadn't imagined that he could play with 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus' this way after deciding to do it on a whim. This might not even have been expected by the author of this book.

'I'm now the first person who knows 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus' in this world. Is it easy to rank first on something among the billions of people and other living beings across the continent?'

Thinking of this, Zhang Tie became pleased and started to work harder.

In the next two hours, the cargo in the warehouse were quickly reduced by crates and cartons. When even Zhang Tie didn't remember how many times he had accessed the Castle of Black Iron, the entire warehouse became empty again, leaving the stump-like beehive alone.

Hugging that beehive, Zhang Tie then disappeared from the warehouse...

...

"The system has detected that Handsome and Magnificent Castle Lord has brought a great amount of carbon-based smart lives in the Castle of Black Iron. The animal system of the Castle of Black Iron starts!"

Seeing this line of words gradually disappearing before his eyes, Zhang Tie, burst out laughing.

'That's awesome. I can truly bring living beings inside!'

This time, within the radius of 50 m around the small tree, the ground in the Castle of Black Iron was piled with cargo. Ignoring those items, Zhang Tie hugged his beehive and ran towards the private plot.

After over two months, the corn sowed by Zhang Tie at the beginning had already grown as high a person. Additionally, the inside of the Castle of Black Iron was becoming increasingly more lively. Many plants that Zhang Tie had sowed before had bloomed.

After meticulously putting the beehive on the ground beside that plot, Zhang Tie squatted down and pulled the zigzag-patterned ventilation iron out of the entrance of the beehive. He then squatted down with interest and looked at what would happen next.

The moment the door was opened, some bees climbed out of that opening. After being locked in the beehive for a long time, these cute guys must have been sick of it so much that after looking around, they immediately flew off into the air.

They circled around the beehive for two rounds, then flew directly towards that blooming cornfield. After that, more bees climbed out and started to fly around. Even Zhang Tie could feel that these cute guys were very excited about this new environment.

Everything in the Castle of Black Iron made these cute guys pleased, especially the patches of various blossoms. No other bees would grab nectar from them anymore. As a result, the bees immediately felt like having entered heaven.

There were over 1000 bees in the beehive. The seller told Zhang Tie that once in the wild, the queen bee in the beehive would lay eggs. If the environment was proper, this swarm of bees could soon increase their numbers. The wine-barrel like big beehive that Zhang Tie had bought could contain over 70,000 bees.

Feeling the bees' excitement, Zhang Tie also felt very happy!

After that, he opened the management panel of living beings and species of the Castle of Black Iron. Selecting the whole swarm along with the queen bee, Zhang Tie input 5000 aura value points at once and started the first mutation and evolution for these cute guys in the Castle of Black Iron.

As the aura value points in the Castle of Black Iron greatly increased everyday, Zhang Tie wanted to see what result he could get after inputting enough aura value points. It didn't matter if it worked or not: if it didn't, he would try another time and then again after that. If it still didn't work, he would try ten times, even 100 times. It was just a consumption of some aura value points. He wound't feel pained by using them at all. However, if he made it, that would be a great pleasure for him. This was a reasonable business...

The evolution cycle of the swarm of bees seemed closely related to the life cycle of worker bees who were responsible for collecting nectar. The time of the first round of mutation and evolution would roughly be the life cycle of worker bees - 56 days.

After glancing over those piled cartons and crates, Zhang Tie immediately exited the Castle of Black Iron. As it was late today, he had to leave here and could only assemble those items tomorrow.

...

Several minutes later, he opened the person-sized door a small crack from inside and looked around. He found it was already dark outside and nobody was near the warehouse. He then opened the door slightly more and flashed outside. After locking it behind himself, as well as the gate of the warehouse, Zhang Tie quickly left this storage area.

He was very satisfied with today's achievements. He brought a great amount of materials into the Castle of Black Iron and found the whereabouts of Samira. Additionally, when he practiced 'Mental Arithmetic by Abacus', he had some unexpected achievements. He also verified that he could bring living beings into the Castle of Black Iron.

After today's work, Zhang Tie had more confidence in his future. No matter what would happen, he could ensure a comfortable life for his beloved people.

Two weeks later, if he didn't return those keys of the warehouse, his ten silver coins' deposit would be wasted. By then, when other people opened the warehouse, they would see an empty warehouse. In this storage area where cargo trucks accessed it every hour of the day, the person seeing this would only think that he had taken away the cargo and had no time to return the keys. He would never imagine that the cargo had disappeared after entering the warehouse.

What lunatic person would it require him to just squat before Zhang Tie's warehouse for two weeks when there were several hundreds of warehouses in this storage area? Would he be staying here just to witness that nothing was inside the warehouse when it was opened?

Even though there were truly these kind of lunatics around, nobody would believe in them. The warehouse could engulf all the cargo? Referring to this disguised face, who could find the real one. After 15 days, Zhang Tie was not sure whether he would still be wearing it or not. Therefore, although it seemed careless for him to do this, it had been well considered.

Next, he needed to open those packages in the Castle of Black Iron and quickly built the log cabins. Besides, he had to find a chance to deal with that bastard Samira. Additionally, as the Iron-Thorns Fighting Club was going to open, he would also need find time to visit there to see how Mary would react when she caught sight of him again.

Since he had not eaten for the whole day, Zhang Tie bought a loaf of bread from a roadside bakery.

He gnawed at that bread of dried meat floss and milk that he would not have afforded before and slowly walked back. Imagining the shocked and terrified expression on Mary's face when she saw him again in the Iron-Thorns Fighting Club, Zhang Tie suddenly felt very cool inside.



This world belonged to the powerful men!

...

After going back to the Avenue Monet, Zhang Tie spent dozens of copper coins to buy a ticket to enter the underground bar.

The underground bar in the evening was ten times more boisterous than when Zhang Tie had left in the morning. Merely beside the faint dancefloor, there were already several hundreds of people embracing and twisting their bodies. The band's music also became louder. In contrast, fewer people came here to drink at this time.

Several bald tough men in tight black T-shirts had their arms crossed as they stood in the tunnel and beside the dancefloor. In the changing shadows caused by lamp lights, they were standing still, radiating an extremely great threat to those ruffians who might have wanted to stir up trouble here.

The business in the bar was very good. There were always men and women coming out of the dancefloor and moving to the bar part of the room to drink. Some just straight away rented out a room. The price of a chartered room here was one silver coins per two hours. If they wanted to stay overnight, they needed to pay five silver coins. Zhang Tie was really confused how Donder could have changed a chartered room into a private room for sleeping with women in a bar.

Several minutes later, Zhang Tie returned to the apartment in Avenue Monet through the hidden door in the chartered room and recovered his original look in the hidden room.

Through this outing in disguise, Zhang Tie felt the advantage of hiding his status. Seeing those wardrobes and a pile of items used to change his look, he immediately moved all of them into the Castle of Black Iron.

After several rounds, he finally emptied the whole hidden room.

After a whole day's hard work, Zhang Tie started to feel tired both physically and mentally. Once he left the hidden room, he went back to the above residence and took a bath before throwinng himself onto the bed. He mentally prepared to build up all the log cabins in the Castle of Black Iron tomorrow...

However, there would always be too many unforeseen things in one's life.

The next morning, what woke him up was not his biological clock but the doorbell in the room. Someone was pulling the rope outside the apartment. The doorbell kept ringing, which told Zhang Tie that someone wished to find him.

Still dizzy from sleep, he got up. A look at the sky outside told him that it was not even six o'clock in the morning. Who would get up so early to find him? Even for brats' mischief this would be too early as no brat would get up so early.

However, the doorbell kept ringing, which reminded Zhang Tie of that person's urgency. Therefore, he hurriedly put on his clothes and came to the door. He then opened the gate of the apartment.

When he did so, he saw Barley and Doug standing outside the gate with anxious expressions.

"Something's wrong with Sharwin's home!"

That first sentence of Barley's immediately chased away all sleepiness out of Zhang Tie.



* * *





Chapter 191




Sharwin's family members didn't live very well. His family didn't share any warmth with him. Given this, people could judge it from those broken armor and sword how his family members had prepared for him to attend the survival training.

Sharwin was also very frugal at school. Zhang Tie had also heard that Sharwin was doing part-time jobs outside to subsidy his family members. However, he had never heard that Sharwin's parents had given him a copper coin for pocket money.

In the survival training, when the members of Hit-Plane Brotherhood discussed beating Sharwin's father up for his mistreatment, they were stopped by Sharwin himself.

Later on, Zhang Tie learned that Sharwin's home situation was somewhat complex. Sharwin had lost his biological father when he was young. His mom then married his current stepfather and gave birth to two younger brothers. As his family's economic condition was not good, his stepfather was a hard*ss, so it could be imagined how hard Sharwin had to live.

Zhang Tie didn't consider that only after several days since their return, Sharwin's home would encountered a great accident.



Last night, as Sharwin's hard*ss stepfather started beating his mom at home due to a trivial thing, although having suffered for so long, Sharwin finally couldn't stand it. He started to quarrel with that man. That man then lifted a bench and started to attack Sharwin. Zhang Tie's friend had no other way but to escape by running around the room. In an emergency, he had grabbed a fruit knife from the table and thrust into that man's thigh.

Seeing that man getting thrust and falling to the ground, Sharwin, whose head was still bleeding, rushed out and didn't return home last night. However, that bastard was shouting everywhere that he would go to the Military Administration to appeal for an attempted murder.

Once this crime was testified, Sharwin would be punished by a death sentence according to the law of the Norman Empire.

Doug lived not far from Sharwin, but not until last night when he went visit Sharwin's home to find him did he learn of what had happened through Sharwin's mom. She was sitting at home, very anxious about what would happen next.

That hard*ss stepfather was still determined to kill Sharwin this time as he kept screaming in the neighborhood that he would appeal for the murder attempt to the Military Administration...

After finding this out, Doug hurriedly went to Barley last night. They then thought of the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood for the first time, but knowing that Zhang Tie was still in recuperation, they didn't come for him last night.

However, after searching the whole night, they didn't find Sharwin. Yet his bastard stepfather was still screaming everywhere about his plans to appeal to the Military Administration. And since they didn't know how to deal with it, Barley and Doug finally came here to Zhang Tie.

"Where is Leit and the other brothers?"

After entering the lobby of the apartment, Zhang Tie hurriedly put on his clothes as he asked Barley.

"Leit and the other bros are still looking for Sharwin. Doug and I are here to inform you. We wanted to know whether you have any method to deal with this!"

"What about Sharwin's stepfather, where's he?"

"After being bandaged in the hospital, he has already returned home!"

"I know what to do!"

Saying this, Zhang Tie rapidly and carefully put on his second lieutenant's military uniform.

At the beginning, Barley and Doug didn't notice that Zhang Tie's wounds had fully recovered. However, seeing Zhang Tie move so quickly and not like one who's been wounded, they gradually became startled.

"Have your wounds recovered?"

Barley popped out his eyes.

"Yes, they've recovered yesterday, but keep it a secret for me!" Seeing Barley and Doug's surprised eyes which contained other speculations, Zhang Tie hurriedly added, "Grandma Teresa cured it with esoteric medicine. No matter how perverted my physique is, I could never recover so fast myself!"

Hearing Zhang Tie's words, Barley and Doug exchanged glances with each other before letting out a breath. If lightning strike could really lead to such a marvelous self-curing effect, allowing people to recover from such heavy wounds in only two days, Barley and Doug would probably want to have a try as well.

Zhang Tie was simply another pride of the Seventh National Male Middle School of Blackhot City after Li Shizhen. Almost everybody was talking about his story, especially those animals from all the other male schools that had graduated the same year as him. The event where he could insta-kill a LV 6 black spider man during an assassination that day was even described as a legend.

At the fastest speed, Zhang Tie finished cleaning himself and putting on his clothes. The moment he wanted to leave with the car's key in hand, he stopped. His car was parked under the tree outside the apartment, which although could be easily driven, would take at least half an hour to start since he would need to heat up the boiler.

"How did you come here?"

"Of course by running! Since it's still early, the public buses aren't driving around yet! We've run for over an hour!"

"Can you continue to run?"

Doug and Barley patted their chests!

"Well then, we will go to Sharwin's home and solve Sharwin's hard*ss stepfather!"



"Do you mean you want to kill that bastard?"

Doug was really startled, while Barley showed the whites of his eyes. With such a stupid guy as his brother, even Barley felt shamed by it.

Zhang Tie felt both angry and amused. "I'm a regular officer of the Norman Empire instead of a bandit and robber like Red-scarf burglars. I mean we will deal with the event that Sharwin's stepfather wants to appeal to the Military Administration. In the military uniform of the Norman Empire, although I cannot be a tyrant in the Blackhot City, I can at least frighten people!"

Scratching his head, Doug smirked. "Pity, actually, if we could actually kill that hard*ss, I would feel much easier!"

Barley could stand it no more and smacked Doug on his head with his hand.

After leaving Zhang Tie's apartment, the three of them started to run past the avenues of Blackhot City, as if they were jogging.

Seeing a young military officer of the Norman Empire jogging with two people in the early morning, many people became curious. On the way, Zhang Tie, Barley and Doug were stopped by patrolling soldiers of No. 39 Division at least three times. Each time they were stopped, after glancing over Zhang Tie, those patrolling soldiers would ask him whether he needed help or not.

...

Although Zhang Tie tried to control his running speed to be slow, Barley and Doug were already sweating all over.

After jogging for twenty minutes, they finally got on a trolley bus and arrived at Sharwin's home one hour later.

Compared to Zhang Tie's home, Sharwin's was in a worse economic condition. His house was in the residential area called 'brick building' since the entire residential quarter looked like it was combined of four standing bricks.

Besides the middleground of the area, the rest of the places were dark and narrow. The aisles and passages were piled with all sorts of sundry and waste. The walls on all sides were scrawled with various doodles and words, pasted with illegal ads by old and ugly prostitutes and road marks for guiding pimps.

This was the true slums of Blackhot City where people doing the cheapest labor lived.



When Zhang Tie, Barley, and Doug arrived, most of people in this slum had just gotten up. Many were lazily queuing up outside the public toilet in the mezzanine.

Zhang Tie's arrival aroused a slight turmoil. The moment they saw him, many people who were going to leave hurriedly returned home and closed the door. If any of their kids were outside, they would hug them and take them back home, then stare at this military officer through the cracks in their door and window frames with their eyes wide-open, wanting to know what this military officer of the Norman Empire was here for.

In the past month, some tramps and jobless people, as well as some low-level gangs in the slum, wanted to make some money when the Blackhot City was changing its ruler. In the end, all of their bodies were hung on the gibbets as specimen for a long time. Those soldiers of the Norman Empire in dark red military uniforms usually came here to catch and kill someone. Therefore, the residents here had formed an instinctive fear of the dark red military uniform.

When Barley and Doug came before a room No.816 on the side of floor 8 of this 'brick building', Zhang Tie exchanged glances with Barley and Doug, and the latter two nodded.

Currently, the room was still filled with a man's furious screams and a woman's weeps.

Zhang Tie raised his hand and lightly knocked on the door.

A 11-12 kid with a fat face opened the door. At the sight of Zhang Tie standing outside, he was so scared that he even began to quiver all over.

Zhang Tie pushed open the door and saw another 8-9 kid beside that 11-12 one. They looked a bit like Sharwin, but not as comely. Thinking of Sharwin's thin figure and the two rude, fat kids, Zhang Tie immediately understood their status—Sharwin's two younger brothers who had the same mother but different father.

Zhang Tie looked at the two boys, but he neither liked nor disliked them. Since they opened the door, he walked in and went directly towards the room where the man's growls and the woman's weeps drifted from.

...

"Please don't appeal to the ministry. He didn't mean it yesterday. If you do this, he will surely die. Do you really want to see him die? He's called you dad for more than ten years..."

The woman in the room wept as she begged the man.

"You dare to beg for my forgiveness! Do you know what he wanted to do yesterday? Do you understand what that bastard had really wanted to do? He wanted to kill me with a knife! He's not my son, just your and your dead former husband's bastard..." the man growled in the room.

"No, not like that. He just had no way out because you wanted to beat him bloody! He just took the knife to poke you! It was just a small wound..."

'Pah!', a loud slapping sound stopped the woman's argument.

"A small wound, do you know how painful this father's thigh is? You still dare to ask for my forgiveness! Well, I know your former dead husband has left a deposit for you and that bastard before he died. You must have hidden that deposit receipt. If you take it out, I will not appeal then..."

"There's nothing left! Really! All the money at home has been used up by you to sleep with the women outside. Where do you want me to find the deposit..."

That woman burst out laughing loudly.

"If you don't take it out, just wait for your son to be caught and hung dead in the gibbets!" the man started to viciously threat.

"Please, I really have no money left..."

"With no money, you want to save that bastard? Heh... heh... just wait to collect his corpse. That bastard with tender skin and flesh will definitely look good when he's hung dead..."

Hearing those words, Zhang Tie couldn't stand it any longer. Infuriated, he kicked open the door of the room and quickly picked up that man by his neck, then ferociously slapped his face more than ten times in a breath.



* * *





Chapter 192




After being ferociously slapped over ten times, that man in the room almost passed out, his mouth full of blood. The woman next to him had become dumbfounded. At this time, Barley and Doug rushed in.

After ferociously slapping the man, Zhang Tie pushed him onto the ground, causing this man to scream. However, when he clearly saw Zhang Tie's second lieutenant military uniform, he instantly stopped screaming as if someone choked him. With eyes full of fear fixed on Zhang Tie, he was confused as to why this military officer of the Norman Empire had broken into his house.

Since Barley and Doug knew Sharwin's mom, they came to whisper to her. After a concerned look at Zhang Tie, she then nodded, walking out of the room while cleaning her tears.

Doug then closed the door behind her.

Sharwin's hard*ss stepfather was over 50 years old, half bald. As a rude and wretched guy, he didn't even shave himself. The moment one looked at his eyes as furtive as those of a rat, one would like to beat him up ferociously.

Lying on the ground, at the sight of the three young men who were surrounding him with malicious intentions, that guy cried in fear at once.

"You... what do you want... Doug, Barley, I know you... what do you want to do?"

"F*ck you!"

Irritated, Doug directly kicked his lower abdomen. Lying on the ground, the man shrieked painfully once again.

Their hearts filled with rage, Barley and Doug had both heard that man's words. They simply couldn't believe there was such a scumbag in the world. He couldn't even match a beast. They couldn't imagine how Sharwin had lived in this home for this long.

Barley and Doug then beat him up for the second time until this man could only wail on the ground.

"I... I'll appeal to the Military Administration of Blackhot City!"

The man kept repeating it while wailing.

Hearing this, Zhang Tie smiled at him.

"Barley and Doug, stop, if you keep beating him in this way, he will be dead. For scumbags and insurgents like him who have malicious intents toward the Norman Empire and dare to attack aa military officer of the Norman Empire, it is all too easy to end up dead. I want to see how he is hung in the gibbet. It must look good!"

Looking at Zhang Tie in fear, that man asked, "What... what did you say?"

Zhang Tie ignored him, instead looking at Barley. "Have you heard how this man swore at the Norman Empire and the Iron-Horn Army just now?"

Based on the tacit understanding between brothers, the moment he heard Zhang Tie's words, Barley knew what he wanted them to do.

"This man cursed the Norman Empire, saying its citizens are bastards. He also said that all the members of the Iron-Horn Army should be hung!"

The moment Barley opened his mouth he added a death penalty to this man. After saying that, he slightly touched Doug, who was dumbfounded, using his elbow. The last member present then responded at once and hurriedly nodded.

"Yes, yes, I also heard him saying that!"

Zhang Tie sighed. "Alas, previously I came here to chat with my classmate; I had not imagined that I would find a person who was so hostile to the Norman Empire. As a military officer of the Norman Empire, I rushed into this room, but this man started to attack me once he caught sight of me. I had no other choice but to beat him up!"

"I... did I?"

As he lay on the ground, that man's face had turned pale.

Squatting down before him, under Barley's and Doug's eyes, Zhang Tie picked up one of his hands and used it to pat his own chest like how he might pat a mosquito before letting go of it and standing up.

After that, Zhang Tie asked Barley, "Have you seen this man attack me?"

"Yes, we saw him give you a punch!" Barley instantly answered.

"If so, I will keep an eye on him in case he escapes. You two go outside to fetch a team of patrolling soldiers of the Norman Empire. Just tell them that I've caught an insurgent who's hostile to the Norman Empire. Lead them to catch him here!"

After saying this, Zhang Tie pulled out his military officer's certificate from his pocket and said, "Take this, at the sight of it, those soldiers will definitely follow you here. If this kind of hostile person isn't hung to death, Blackhot City won't be peaceful! Additionally, this guy dared to attack a military officer of the Norman Empire. He really commits the most heinous crimes..."

When Barley took that military officer's certificate from Zhang Tie's hand, the man lying on the ground completely collapsed. By then, no mater how foolish he was, he would know that they were determined to play him to death. For a small figure living at the bottom of Blackhot City like Sharwin's stepfather, if they wanted to kill him using the military uniforms, it was as easy as stomping a bug to death. Even if Zhang Tie killed him now, nobody would said no.

What made this man still confused though was why would a young Norman Empire's military officer suddenly break into his home when he had not offended any people of the Norman Empire, let alone any military officers.

Seeing Barley leaving after taking Zhang Tie's certificate, that man made all the effort to hug Barley's thigh. Heh cried loudly, "Barley... Barley... spare my life please. I know that I'm wrong. But I'm Sharwin's father. Do you really want to kill your friend's father? I'm just a poor guy and a small figure. Please let me go. I can do whatever you want me to do..."

Seeing this man kneeling down and hugging Barley's thigh, even Zhang Tie became sad for Sharwin. For such a hard*ss as his stepfather, it was even better to dig a pit and directly bury him inside.

At this moment, Barley really wanted to kill him. How could his brother have such a scumbag stepfather. It was really a shame! Barley looked at Zhang Tie, who sighed and shook his head.

Zhang Tie couldn't stand that coward look anymore. So he picked that man's collar and lifted him up like a broken bag before throwing him onto the bed.

With his terrified eyes fixed on Zhang Tie, the man shrunk to a corner of the bed.

"Do you know who I am?"

The man shook his head.

"I'm Zhang Tie, a military officer of the Iron-Blood Camp of No. 39 Division of the Iron-Horn Army. I'm Sharwin's brother. I heard you wanted to kill Sharwin. So here I am. I want to see who dares to mistreat my brother that way!"

That man stared at Zhang Tie like seeing a ghost as he had not imagined that Sharwin, who could only succumb to his beatings and swearing at home, had such a brother.

"I... I..."

Looking at Zhang Tie's icy eyes, that man couldn't even utter a word.

"Do you know why you are still alive now?"

The man swallowed his saliva as he kept shaking his head.

"I left you alive because of Sharwin, do you understand? No matter what, no matter how a scumbag like you deserves to die, you're Sharwin's stepfather. So I let you live. If you lose this status of his stepfather, I will hardly let you alive, am I clear?"

The man nodded.

"Are you still preparing to appeal to the Military Administration because of what Sharwin did?"

The man nodded. Soon after, he found it was not right, therefore, he hurriedly shook his head.

...

When Zhang Tie, Barley, and Doug walked out of the messy and narrow room, they saw Sharwin's mother hugging two kids outside the door, watching them. Living tough as part of the bottom class in the past years, Sharwin's mom looked aged and haggard despite not being that old. There was even an obvious bruise and a palm mark on her face.

Looking at the messy arrangement of Sharwin's home and the wooden door that had been broken by him, Zhang Tie sighed inside as he took out five gold coins from his pocket and stealthily foisted them into the hands of Sharwin's mom.

...

When Zhang Tie, Barley, and Doug left this 'bricks building', Sharwin's mom caught up with them with tears filling their eyes. "If you see Sharwin, tell him to not let him worry about me. I cannot separate from this home anymore. I feel sorry for him, for being unable to give him a warm home. In the past years, he's paid too much for this home and suffered a lot. Please, tell him not to come back anymore. He's already grown up and has the right to pursue his own life..."

"We've not found Sharwin yet!"

Barley scratched his head.

"I know where he is. Barley, when you see him, please give this to him. This is what his real father had left to him. He will understand it!"

Saying this, Sharwin's mom tore off the lower hem of her gown, and from the cotton cloth inside, pulled out a golden ring with the abbreviation of Sharwin's family name carved on it; the ring was not delicate.

...

Not until afternoon did Barley, Doug, Zhang Tie, Leit, Hista, and Bagdad found Sharwin.

He wasn't downtown, but in a cemetery outside the city. He sat before his dad's graveyard the whole last night. Seeing their arrival, Sharwin raised his head with tear stains on his face and forced a smile for them.

Everybody felt Sharwin had become much mature over the night!

Pain was the catalyzer that drove men to become mature!

...

For the whole day, Zhang Tie and the other members of the Hit-Plane Brotherhood stayed together. After dinner, they drunk in the chartered room from to laty evening. Not until they all became dead drunk did they leave.

After putting on his real father's ring, Sharwin told them that he would not go back home from now on. He needed to work outside to survive by himself. When he made enough money, he would get his mom out of that place.

As for all sorts of offers to help from his brothers, Sharwin refused them all. He said if he got accustomed to his brothers' help now, he was afraid that they might not be brothers anymore from then on. Afterwards, Sharwin cried. Everybody else kept silent. They then started to drink again.

The weapons brought back by them from the survival training had been sold by Barley. The total amount of compensation was less than eight gold coins. The last month, the prices of various common weapons in Blackhot City had dropped. They didn't understand why that would be so when the holy war was coming.

Except for Zhang Tie who had figured out the reason—one of the signs of the coming chaotic world was that those common weapons used to kill people started to be cheaper while the prices of high-end materials like crystals or grains that could allow people to survive greatly surged up. So did the prices of advanced weapons.

Zhang Tie told them that he might soon leave Blackhot City and go to fight in Kalur.

Facing the booming huge wheels of the age, all of them became silent, empty inside. So they continued to drink and talk about what had happened at school, Miss Daina, the tree house in the survival training, that lightning bolt which had struck Zhang Tie, and what others would do if they died in the future...

When they talked about Miss Daina, Zhang Tie told them that he was the only one among them who had not 'hit the plane' towards Miss Daina. Nobody else believed that!

The youths then laughed and played before crying loudly.

While they were highly spirited, Zhang Tie's second lieutenant military uniform was stripped off him by the others, including his pants. The other animals started to strip off their own clothes and put on that second lieutenant military uniform one by one so as to feel its domineering influence.

Finally, lewd Hista jumped onto the table in that second lieutenant's military uniform and started to imitate those coquettish women who gave strip shows by twisting his butt, which made everybody else vomit.

...

Not knowing whether he benefited from the small tree, when he departed from them, Zhang Tie was still dizzy, however, several minutes later, he felt himself sweating the alcohol off. He then instantly became clear-minded.

This time, the Blackhot City was illuminated by roadside lamps.

After becoming clear-minded, Zhang Tie almost immediately figured out what Alice desired and worried about. Sharwin's event had shown him what a bad family meant. Alice's tears and sadness in her eye corners reappeared in his mind.

Before he could recover his composure, he found that he was already standing on the stairs of Alice's home.

There were still lights in her house. Zhang Tie could faintly hear Alice talking with her mom.

Standing there, next to Alice's home for almost an hour, Zhang Tie recalled every moment since he had met her.

When Alice did not mind him, they could stay with each other without any considerations, but once she started to truly care for him, she chose to leave.

Caring or not determined utterly different attitudes.

Sometimes, the alleged life was that motherf*cking!

Several times Zhang Tie thought to knock at the door of Alice's home, but he resisted it. He didn't know what he could say to her at this moment and what kind of commitment he could make. He didn't want to hurt her, just like how Alice had preferred to stay alone in case of hurting him even a bit...



Alice was actually a good girl!

Zhang Tie finally chose to turn away and leave!

...

On the way back, he found that Blackhot City tonight was more solemn than before as there were obviously greater number of patrolling soldiers on the avenues. When he passed near the railway station, a great batch of military vehicles and ambulances drove out of the station in each direction of Blackhot City.

At first, he was confused about that, but when he passed by a hospital, he found many military vehicles and ambulances parked outside the entrance while more and more wounded soldiers were carried off and sent into the hospital.

Zhang Tie then walked closer.

"Stop..."

Seeing Zhang Tie draw close, a soldier stopped him. Not until Zhang Tie had walked under the lamp lights did the soldiers get a clear look of his military uniform and hurriedly gave a salute to him.

A first class sergeant with a small team of soldiers was dispatched here to preserve the security.

"First class sergeant, where did these wounded soldiers come from?"

"They're from Kalur. The front-line troops are encountering greater conflicts with Brilliant Feathers these days. The quantity of wounded brothers has started to increase. As the front-line field hospitals can no longer hold them all, we have to carry those most heavily wounded brothers to the rear areas by trains so that they can receive medical treatment and recuperate..."

...

Hearing the latest news, Zhang Tie's heart pounded slightly. It seemed that Kalur's situation deteriorated faster than he had imagined. Norman Empire and Sun Dynasty were both skirmishing more frequently in Kalur's region, which meant that the Iron-Blood Camp might have to leave Blackhot City and drive towards Kalur as soon as possible.

As Zhang Tie was not a war maniac, this was not good news for him. The rapid deterioration of the situation brought an increasingly greater sense of urgency to him.

With a heavy mood, Zhang Tie returned to his apartment in Avenue Monet. A wagon was parked outside the gate of the apartment. Horse-driven vehicles were people's favorite traffic tools in this world. Compared to steam-driven cars, sometimes horse-driven vehicles were much more convenient to use. Additionally, they were the most commonly seen vehicle in Blackhot City, so Zhang Tie didn't notice it at all.

But the moment Zhang Tie pulled out his key and prepared to open the gate, the four girls Angel, Sharapova, Susan, and Fiona, whom he had met in the hospital, got off the carriage.

The four of them looked pretty beautiful today, all wearing thick amices. Zhang Tie couldn't see what were under the amices, but he could at least see their delicate hairstyles and dressed looks.

The moment the four girls got off the carriage, it drove away. Turning back his head, that driver glared at Zhang Tie with admiration.

"Are you here for me?" Zhang Tie asked after seeing the four girls standing before him as he felt that they had been waiting here for him for a long time .

"We've been waiting for you for two hours. As a gentleman, don't you plan to invite us in?" Angel, the on with blonde hair, said in an alluring tone.

Forcing a smile, Zhang Tie scratched his head and entered the apartment, followed by the four girls.



* * *





Chapter 193




The special fragrance of the four girls was drifting in the air, containing the breath of youth and health. Although it could also be smelt on Alice, Beverly, and Pandora, it was very light on them. Each time he smelt this odor, Zhang Tie would feel his blood start boiling up, like a knee jerk. This was especially so after playing the game of mummy and small golden fish with Pandora and Beverly. Now he found that he had become more sensitive to women.

Zhang Tie didn't know whether it was intentional or not, but when he was standing outside the open gate of the apartment building to invite the girls in, they all touched his body with their owns while passing by him. Especially that girl named Fiona with a well-toned ass under her skirt. When she was passing by, she pushed against his lower abdomen.

Being pushed, Zhang Tie's mummy instantly became grim.

Zhang Tie took a deep breath and smelt the faint fragrance from their bodies. For a hot-blooded boy, this smell was irresistible, just like how female wolves became attractive to rutting male wolves. It seemed that these goblins knew well how to lure a man.

Zhang Tie gently stroked his jaw while closing the gate of the apartment building. Trying to move his eyes away from the girls' butts, he led them inside and opened his own residence in floor 1.

When Zhang Tie closed the door of his residence once again, he abruptly thought back to the scene of when he took Alice, Beverly, and Pandora here. Since the curtains inside were tightly closed, an ambiguous atmosphere rose up in the room again.

'Will something happen today?'

Zhang Tie felt strange since the relationship between these girls and him was different from his relationship with Alice, Beverly, and Pandora. Right now, he couldn't bear his longing for Alice and became faintly vacant.

He ignited the lamps in the room, opened the steaming heat units, and pulled open the curtains.

After the room became bright, he turned back and found that the girls had already taken off their amices and fixed their eyes on him, smiling.

Under the amices were four different beautiful skirts with low-cut dress, half-cut dress, or a deep-v collar. They all wore nice ball gowns like attending a party. The four pairs of snow-white plump balls were looming in the dresses. The four girls were standing gracefully straight, like displaying their figures.

After a single glance over the four exotic girls, Zhang Tie was dizzy.

His mummy became really restless this time.

'Calm, you have to be calm!' Zhang Tie told himself.

Looking at Zhang Tie's dull eyes, the girls all giggled inwardly.

"How about that, are we beautiful? Which are more beautiful, us or Alice, Beverly, and Pandora?"

When Angel asked her question, they all moved from their original positions, displaying cute or attractive poses and winking their beautiful eyes towards Zhang Tie.

In a split second, Zhang Tie felt his blood pressure surge up. He coughed twice before moving his eyes away from these girls. "Hmm... take a seat here, I will go get some drinks for you!"

After exchanging glances with each other, the four girls all revealed smiled before gracefully sitting on the sofa in the parlor, waiting for Zhang Tie to bring them drinks.

There was a gradevin in the parlor with the glasses inside left by Donder. Zhang Tie hurriedly searched inside it. He took a bottle of brandy, however, after thinking about it twice, he put it down. After excluding spirits that would easily cause people to become giddy, Zhang Tie found a bottle of delicious fruit wine. He poured it into four glasses and carried them over to the room where he put them on the tea table next to the sofa.

"Thanks!"

Angel lowered her body and took a glass of wine, exposing her nice figure to Zhang Tie.

When Angel lowered her body, Zhang Tie, who sat opposite the girls, stared at her breasts involuntarily. Seeing the nice scene, he became restless.

Only after a small sip of the wine, the four girls felt Zhang Tie's consideration. This wine tasted nice and had a low alcohol content. After drinking it, one might feel warm all over.

After a single sip, the girls all felt very warm and comfortable. Soon after that, the chilliness of waiting for almost two hours in the wagon outside was driven off them.

This was a powerful man who had a great future and was very considerate to girls!

This was how the girls of Rose Association evaluated Zhang Tie. After a sip, the girls' faces had flushed slightly, making them more adorable. They then exchanged glances that could only be understood by themselves. Although they had already mustered up their determination when they arrived here, at this time, they reconfirmed their decisions because of Zhang Tie's consideration and carefulness.

Drinking wine, the girls exchanged glances with each other. It seemed the room was filled with a thin rose-colored ambiguous atmosphere. Sitting on the sofa beside the girls, Zhang Tie felt restless, as if he was sitting on needles.

"You take a seat first, as I've drunk a lot today and feel sticky all over, I will take a bath..."

Seeing the girls' eyes becoming as blurred as water ripples, Zhang Tie hurriedly stood up and left the parlor with the excuse of taking a bath.

Taking note of Zhang Tie escaping the parlor in such an awkward way, the girls all giggled.

"Angel, I heard it is very painful the first time, isn't it?" Fiona, that sexy young mature lady lowered her voice and asked Angel. She was slightly nervous. "I've read the notebooks and guidance left by former graduates of Rose Association. It said that when girls did this with men for the first time, they would feel very painful and would bleed a lot..."

"It's okay, Fiona, I will be the first. You just help me from the side. It will soon come to an end. Do you remember what the book 'Guidance on How to Guide a Man' writes? When we do this for the first time, if we have enough foreplay, we might not feel very painful. Additionally, we have four people which means we can share the pain..."

Face flushed, blonde Angel added, "Seniors said that once we do this, we will feel much better doing this again. We women are nature-born rulers in the bed. We should not fear him in the bed. Whores outside can easily deal even with dozens of men a day. We are not whores, therefore, it's enough for us to deal with him, even for the first time..."

"I heard some men will have a lot of weird requirements in the bed..." Susan, the one with a nice watermelon-seed shaped face and a pair of enchanting eyes, lowered her voice. "I don't know whether you've made enough preparations..."

The one with a sexy mouth and a figure more on the plump side Sharapova smiled. "Don't worry, Susan. Haven't you seen it, Zhang Tie is still a boy, I'm sure he will not be that mad!"

"What if he will?"

The other girls cast their curious eyes on Sharapova at the same time.

"I've practiced at home alone for a long time. If he wants to act recklessly with me, I will not fear that..."

Sharapova just revealed a mysterious smile before moving closer to the other girls and whispering to them. After a slight amazement, the other girls all chuckled...

...

After being drenched in completely icy water, Zhang Tie's boiling head and that grim mummy which couldn't wait to have a great fight outside gradually recovered its composure.

Over ten minutes later, after taking the bath, Zhang Tie put on a clean set of clothes and reappeared in the parlor.

By now, the girls had already lazily leaned against the sofa. Fiona even had taken off her leather shoes and sat on the sofa with bent legs, showing a small part of her thigh. The wine that Zhang Tie had brought for them had been drunk up. Their flushed faces were the color of roses. At the same time, their watery eyes were narrowing like a pond of spring water.

Zhang Tie had no idea what these girls had mumbled about while he was taking the bath, but when he reappeared in the parlor, he felt that these girls who had looked bashful just now became brave and provocative in his eyes. Additionally, the curtain that he had pulled open was closed once again.

The moment Zhang Tie sat down on the sofa, before he could open his mouth, Angel and Fiona had already swam close to him like two snakes...

"You..."

The moment Zhang Tie opened his mouth, Angel's glowing face moved closer to him. She sat on his thigh, and her small golden fish with the fragrance of fruit wine instantly swam into his mouth. At the same time, he felt itchy on his left ear. It was Fiona, that young mature woman, who had already pasted her scorching face onto his. Her small golden fish then immediately drilled into his ear.

After that, Susan also sat closer to him and started to bite his other ear.

All in a split second, being stimulated, Zhang Tie was so excited that he almost died. However, this was not the most fatal move. When he had just struggled out of Angel's mouth, his whole body suddenly quivered as Sharapova, who was more piquant and brave, had put her hand into his night-robe...

Facing such a great temptation, for a moment, Zhang Tie almost gave up and took a cool enjoyment of the feeling, however, in the end, he kept his unwavering bottom line and took Angel off his thigh, then leaned to one side to set his ears free from Fiona's and Susan's small golden fish.

Sharapova's small golden fish, however, almost killed him. As he took a deep breath, he patted her lowering head, indicating her to stop. However, Sharapova was still shaking her head in a piquant way. Withher hair moving, the small golden fish in the fishbowl started to swim more forcefully. Finally, Zhang Tie had to use his hand to move Sharapova's head away and push this woman onto the opposite sofa before liberating himself.

Only after one minute, the five people in the room were heavily flushed. All of them were slumping against the sofa's back, gasping heavily.

"Listen..." With a blushed face, Zhang Tie panted twice. " We cannot do this!"

"We've already told our family members that we won't come home tonight..." Angel moved closer to Zhang Tie once again. Catching his hand, she put it between her exposed breasts. "We four all belong to you tonight. You can do whatever you want to us!"

Seeing Fiona and Susan wanting to lure him in once again as well, Zhang Tie picked himself up from the sofa and pressed the four women back down, forcing them to sit well. After that, he walked towards another sofa and sat down there.

"Listen, I'm afraid that I can't be the Guardian Knight of your Rose Association!"

After Zhang Tie's words, all the four girls became quiet.



* * *





Chapter 194




"Why?" Angel sat up straight. "Why not be the Guardian Knight of Rose Association? Is it because of Pandora, Alice, and Beverly?"

The other three girls also stared at Zhang Tie with wide-open eyes.

Zhang Tie shook his head.

"Aren't we beautiful enough? But I don't think we're worse than Alice and Beverly!" Susan doubted.

"No, you are all very beautiful, you're the most beautiful girls that I've ever met!"

"Since you fell in love with a girl, you will only choose to stay with her without even looking at the other girls?" Fiona asked, head inclined.

"No, I don't think so; actually, I will love many women and will have a lot of fantasies!" Zhang Tie honestly replied.

"Then tell us why." Sharapova who had been as enthusiastic as fire became infuriated as she picked herself up from the sofa with an icy expression. "Do you dislike that we'e not pure physically? Before now, we've not even been touched by any man. When I was at home, I only used bananas to practice how to please men. Do you want to see how pure our bodies are? Let's show him, Fiona, Angel, he's already treated us as whores. Then, we should show this man how pure our bodies are..."

Saying this, Sharapova undid the buckles on the back of her skirt using her own hands. Her actions were closely followed by her golden skirt sliding off to the ground. The other three girls also imitated her and started to slide off their skirts one after another. In a split second, four youthful and perfect female figures with only underwear and corsages appeared in front of Zhang Tie.

Sharapova kept on until nothing was left on her. She then turned around before Zhang Tie and sat back onto the sofa, naked. After that, she displayed her most secret place to Zhang Tie in a gesture which might make others too ashamed.

Zhang Tie was really startled by this scene. He had not imagined that the girls of Rose Association would also care about their reputation so much.

"Come on, check whether our virgin crowns are still there or not and see whether we are whores or not!" Sharapova shouted out in agitation with her red eyes fixed on Zhang Tie, tears filling her eyes. Her tears were swelling over her eye sockets like a dam that was about to break at any time.

At this moment, all the other three girls imitated Sharapova one by one. After undressing all of their clothes, they all leaned against the sofa's back and displayed their rose-like virginity to Zhang Tie in a gesture that would make other girls too ashamed.

As this was Zhang Tie's first time meeting this kind of scene, he became bewildered. Previously, he had heard that these non-Chinese girls were very adventurous and enthusiastic. Now, he finally witnessed it...

"Come on, go test whether I'm a whore..."

Urging in a crying voice, Sharapova started to drop pearl-like tears.

All the four girls started to drop tears as they threw off their self-respect after having boldly served a man their virginity, only to be doubted about its existence The man even disdained to f*ck them. This was a huge shock to the girls. Under such a great shock, shame or not was not important at all.

"It's not what you think, you don't need to display your virginity to me in this way!"



Zhang Tie picked himself up and walked over there. He carefully wiped off the tears from Sharapova's face and helped her sit up normally, telling her to not keep that embarassing pose anymore.

Then he did the same to Angel sitting beside Sharapova.

Followed by Fiona and Susan.

Seeing them acting this way, not knowing the reason, Zhang Tie felt pained inside.

After doing this, Zhang Tie picked up their underwear and corsages from the ground and walked over. Without a word, he knelt down on one knee and lifted up Sharapova's leg. After slightly kissing her nice shin, he helped her put on her underwear and the corsage.

To be honest, although the atmosphere was hot just now, at this moment, Zhang Tie was putting on close-fitting clothes for the girls. Unavoidably, he sometimes touched sensitive places. However, he looked very calm and didn't have profane thoughts at all.

Each girl was an angel. Zhang Tie felt it was too cruel and unnecessary to have several angels display their virginity in front of him in this way.

At this moment, the girls in the room were like wooden models that were used to display clothes in a couture. Zhang Tie slightly kissed their shins, clumsily lifted them from the sofa and gently helped them put on their underwear and the corsages.

He acted both gently and delicately with a pious attitude. Although he did the most intimate thing for the girls, and they didn't cover their private body parts at all, Zhang Tie's eyes were filled with pity instead of love, desire, or greed.

His pious kisses on their clean shins made every girl tremble, especially when he knelt down on one knee in front of them to put on underwear for them. It made them feel cherished and loved. The girls burst into tears once again, but they were different tears from those last time.

After Zhang Tie lifted Fiona from the sofa, helped her stand up, and put on that black lace corsage for this sexy girl who looked like a young mature lady, she forcefully hugged Zhang Tie. At the same time, she quivered all over and dropped tears, which made Zhang Tie fail to buckle up the back of her corsage several times.

"Dear, don't move!" Zhang Tie slightly patted Fiona's perfectly round butt. "Woooh, it's bigger than I've imagined. You're really a beautiful young lady!"

Like being drowned in the river, Fiona tightly hugged Zhang Tie as if hugging a floating log. Her tears poured out, even making Zhang Tie's night robe wet.

"Why? Tell me why?"

Angel raised her tearful eyes and stared at Zhang Tie.

"Because I will soon leave Blackhot City. The Iron-Horn Army of the Norman Empire is having more and more skirmishes with the Brilliant Feathers in Kalur region, making the situation escalate over there. Probably in two weeks, I will leave Blackhot City and attend to the war in Kalur region. Once I go to the battlefield, I won't be sure whether I'll be able to survive or not, let alone make any promises to you!"

Zhang Tie lightly patted the girls' butts.

"Do you know what kind of people I hate most? It's those bastards that would escape soon after they sleep with girl, having lured her in with a glib tongue. Those bastards are ten thousand times more immoral than those who run away after eating dinner in a hotel or those who leave with goods without paying in the stores.

"I know what privileges and obligations your Guardian Knight would have. I didn't mean to look down upon you. I also cannot wait to sleep with you. Thinking of that alone, I will wake up with laughter even in the dream.

"However, I cannot do that. I should not cheat you saying I can protect you as your Guardian Knight without even knowing whether I can come back from the battlefield after I leave Blackhot City. I cannot just leave after playing you by just saying sorry. If I did so, I would despise myself. My principle is that I can cheat everyone except for the women I sleep with.

"If I cheat a women I've slept with, I will feel very shameless, useless, and not qualified to be a man. Can you understand it?"

"You're a real knight!" Sharapova muttered, hugging Zhang Tie from his back.

"No, I'm not a knight. You just want to exchange for my promise with what can be carried out with your most precious thing. But I'm just a poor guy who has not what you want!" Zhang Tie mocked himself with a smile. "Well, don't hug me anymore. Fiona, put on your skirt. I will make some more fruit wine for you to warm you up! If you push me like this for a longer time, I'm afraid that you will suffer a great loss!"

The girls wiped off their tears and exchanged glances with each other. They then all burst into laughter before loosening their hands that were hugging Zhang Tie. Only Fiona was acting like a spoiled child.

"No, as you have taken off my skirt, you also need to put it on for me!"

...

Several minutes later, drinking fruit wine again, the five people were sitting comfortably on the sofa in the parlor once again. This time, Zhang Tie sat alone on one side while the four girls sat on the opposite side, having recovered their composure.

After realizing this women-favored fruit wine tasted nice, Zhang Tie also made a glass of it for himself.

"Do you feel we women from Rose Association are very realistic?"

Angel glanced at Zhang Tie who was sitting on the opposite with enchanting eyes. This time, she lacked the alluring expression but had a more amorous feeling to her.

"Of course, you almost made me die just now, like having tasted viagra. Hearing that I won't protect you as I have to go to the battlefield, you then became goddesses and sit far away from me. I cannot even take advantage of you..."

Taking the glass, Zhang Tie sighed. "When you posed, showing your virginity like what Sharapova had done, I should have made the decision and tried one by another. Additionally, I can also tell you, if other girls of Rose Association want to certify their virginity with this weird method, just come for me. I will definitely help them test that for free. After that, I can give them a certificate of virginity, which will date the time until which they were still virgins, etc..."

After Zhang Tie's words, the four girls all chuckled.

After what had happened just now, Zhang Tie found the estrangement between him and the girls become less. So hearing his words, they threw four bolsters at him almost at the same time, which almost spilled over the wine in Zhang Tie's glass.

He burst out laughing. For some reason if he had encountered this event two days ago, he would have looked down upon those women. However, after experiencing what had happened in Sharwin's home, Zhang Tie found that women were too weak in this age.

If not being realistic, these women wouldn't even be able to protect themselves whatsoever. It was not wrong for women to be a bit realistic. What was wrong was that there were too many hard*ss men in this age and human's living environment was also becoming tougher.

"You bastard, we were almost cheated by you!"

With faces turning red, the four girls pretended to glare at Zhang Tie.

"Hey, hey, hey, I'm the victim, right? When I walked out of the washroom, before I could tell you the truth, I was almost raped by you four..."

"You took advantage of us, yet you want to be innocent. You know this is the first time for all of us..."

Somewhat bashful, Sharapova threw another bolster towards Zhang Tie.

"You wouldn't have suffered a loss either, I'm a virgin too!"

Hearing Zhang Tie's words, all the girls cast their dubious eyes on him.

"Don't cheat us anymore. Don't tell us Pandora, Alice, and Beverly have not been here before. I've already smelt the odor of other women in this room!"

Fiona winkled her nose.

After drinking the fruit wine, Zhang Tie picked himself up in a sad way. He then tore off his upper garment and just wore a pair of pajamas trousers while repeating the bashful gesture made by the four girls just recently.

"Come on, have a try if you want to know..."

He even imitated the crying tone of Sharapova.

Seeing this, the girls almost burst out into tears.

Emboldened, Sharapova engulfed the rest of the wine and directly rushed towards Zhang Tie...



* * *





Chapter 195




Seeing Sharapova rushing towards him with a flushed face, Zhang Tie was really startled. He hurriedly wanted to sit up, but Sharapova charged directly at him and forced him to lie on the sofa. Being a bit wild, Sharapova quickly bit Zhang Tie's nude chest.

He instantly shrieked loudly.

After his miserable scream, Sharapova had already moved on to his lips and started kissing him once again. The raptured taste of the small golden fish that Zhang Tie had enjoyed before swam in again. Tempted by her actions, Zhang Tie also hugged Sharapova and started to roll with her on the sofa.

Zhang Tie felt that he really had the potential to be a lascivious guy. Under the gazes of the other three girls, he didn't even feel shameless to hug and kiss Sharapova on the sofa at all, rather feeling extremely excited.

Like this, the two rolled on the sofa for about five minutes. Not only Zhang Tie, even the three girls on the side gasped in the end.

This was a long and hot kiss. When Sharapova moved her lips away from Zhang Tie's, emboldened, she intended to directly pull off his pants. Realizing that if she kept going with this, he would not be able to stand it any longer, Zhang Tie hurriedly grabbed her wrist and shook his head. If they went on like this, Zhang Tie felt that his previous words would be ineffective.

Heavily panting, Sharapova felt Zhang Tie's hands were as unwavering as a mountain. So she bit her lower lip and looked at him. "Did you treat Alice, Pandora, and Beverly the same way as me?"

"No, of course not!"

Zhang Tie sat straight up as he found that Sharapova was half-kneeling, half-sitting on his lower abdomen in a very ambiguous pose. As long as he lowered his head, his face would almost be buried in her plump breasts.

He patted Sharapova's butt, telling her to get off him. However, Sharapova firmly kept shaking her head. "Why not me! Alice, Beverly, and Pandora can do that, so can I!"

"Because I was not only exchanging bodily fluids with them but also emotions. Everything between them and I happened naturally! Additionally, if we did this here, for some reason, I'd feel guilty..."

"Sharapova, it's enough, stop..." Angel who sat on the other sofa also uttered.

After gnashing her teeth and staring at Zhang Tie with a complicated expression for awhile, Sharapova felt reluctant to get off him.

'I was not only exchanging bodily fluids with them but also emotions'—the four girls tasted Zhang Tie's words at the same time.

Sharapova's eyes made Zhang Tie's heart pound. So he stood up from the sofa, looking at that teeth mark Sharapova left on his chest. He then put on his clothes and looked at the four beautiful girls in the room.

"Aren't you going back home?"

"It's so late and no vehicles are outside. How can you have the heart to drive us out at this time?"

Pouting, Fiona looked at Zhang Tie with a pitiful expression. For some reason, the moment he saw this young mature lady, he would feel that she was acting in a pettishly charming manner.

The atmosphere in the apartment now was becoming a bit dangerous as the girls were talking with him more casually, while their eyes made his heart pound. Zhang Tie felt that it was time to end this.

"Well, I have two extra bedrooms. You four can sleep in them, two per room. But you have to go back home tomorrow!"

"What? Aren't we going to sleep in the same room with you?" goblin Susan exclaimed as she stared at Zhang Tie in a coquettish way.

Staring at the four girls who looked like a section of bamboo that could be peeled off at any time, Zhang Tie forcefully swallowed his saliva.

"Of course not, I will sleep in a bedroom by myself! It's late now and I'm a bit tired. You should also go for a rest!"

After saying this, Zhang Tie guided the four girls to the two bedrooms and arranged two quilts for them before escaping into his own bedroom like a refugee. Closing his door, he instantly threw himself on the bed and covered his head using his hands before falling asleep.

Seeing Zhang Tie's awkward escape, all the girls revealed smiles after exchanging glances.

"Which one do you think is more reliable: a man who would like to exchange both bodily fluids and emotions with you, or a man who's thinking about exchanging other things when he's exchanging bodily fluids with you?" Angel asked while glancing over the other girls.

"What do you want to say, Angel?"

Throwing herself on the soft bed, Susan supported her delicate jaw.

"I mean, maybe we've made a mistake when we came here today. This man is different from those guys that our seniors had encountered. Therefore, the seniors' experiences are not applicable to this man. I finally understand why Pandora, Alice, and Beverly could fall in love with him at the same time!"

Angel sighed. Thinking back to how she got acquainted with Zhang Tie, she sighed again. At that time, she was too arrogant and superficial, therefore, she missed the most excellent man among the peers in Blackhot City. If that day she had been as adorable as today, she could definitely be the most admirable one among all the girls in Blackhot City. Thinking back to the scene when she collected pine cones with Zhang Tie, Angel smiled inside.

...

At midnight, rolling thunders drifted over and a sudden heavy rain covered the entire Blackhot City.

Zhang Tie rolled here and there in his room, unable to fall asleep. The enchanting faces of Pandora, Alice, Beverly, and Miss Daina flashed across his mind one by another. Recalling what had happened between him and the three girls in this room that day, the 15-year youth felt his blood boiling up and became pretty hot.

What was more, Zhang Tie's bed had been covered with the body odor of Alice, Beverly, and Pandora. Lying here, his nose was heavily stimulated by the faint fragrance on the bedding left by the girls, and he felt like he was burning all over his body.

Seemingly protesting that Zhang Tie had let go some yummy flesh, even though he was now lying alone on the bed, his mummy was still grim like a tough man.

It was asking Zhang Tie, "Why? Why? Why did you pull me out of the warm fishbowl. Didn't you know I was very thrilled at that time? You selfish guy. Don't you know how I've lived alone for the past 15 years? Others could hit the plane, yet this father was standing everyday, which could even make my tadpoles into frogs. You treated me like this when Alice came here last time, you did the same to me today too. Is there any personal grudge between you and me? They're just in your neighborhood, what are you waiting for!"

"Shut up!" Zhang Tie swore inside out of boredom.

Hearing the heavy rain outside, he became even more upset. Rolling on the bed here and there for quite a while, Zhang Tie climbed off the bed and rushed into the washroom where he took a cold bath.

Icy water changed into water mist when it dropped onto Zhang Tie's hot body. After the second cold bath, Zhang Tie felt much better. Standing before the mirror in the washroom, he saw a completely boiled shrimp, since his whole skin was already red and hot, stimulated by the boiling Qi and blood in his body.

Finally, Zhang Tie started practising Lying-Tiger Move in his own room. However, Lying-Tiger Move couldn't help him recover his composure. After practicing it for over ten minutes, Zhang Tie screamed out loudly and jumped onto the bed. Using two pillows to cover his head, he started to sleep once again.

After a while, being still awake, Zhang Tie heard slight footsteps from outside. Soon after, someone was pushing the door of Zhang Tie's bedroom. After realizing the door was locked from inside, the person knocked on it; without receiving any response, she knocked at the door once again after several seconds.

For some reason, although Zhang Tie couldn't see through the door, he knew it was Sharapova who was standing outside. Thinking of her enchanting lips, Zhang Tie jumped off the bed and rushed into the washroom once again for the third cold bath.

After standing outside for a while, the girl finally left.

From midnight to daybreak, Zhang Tie's bedroom was knocked on by three more people. Each time someone did this, he would know who the person was. It was Fiona after Sharapova, while Susan was the last one.

Zhang Tie then rushed into the washroom time and time again. With the help of cold water, he calm down again and again. Although he had lain on the bed, Zhang Tie hadn't fallen asleep last night at all. Feeling muddle-headed, he held it for almost the whole night. Not until the day almost broke did he have a nap.

...

The next morning, it was still raining outside, and the heavy downpour was only becoming heavier. After waking up, Zhang Tie went to the washroom and looked at his embarrassed look in the mirror. With red eyes which radiated with green light, he was panting with his nostrils flared like a wild wolf that had been thrown into a cage for several years after being fed with philter.

After cleansing himself, Zhang Tie opened the door of his bedroom. When he came to the parlor, he found the four girls already up and well dressed, sitting in the sofa. Seeing him walking out, the girls immediately turned their heads and fixed their eyes on him. Zhang Tie's red eyes instantly amused Angel, while the other three girls showed their whites to him with haunting eyes. Zhang Tie seemed to hear them swear—you deserve it.

Angel glanced over Zhang Tie and the other girls before casting an ambiguous look at him.

Zhang Tie remembered Donder's words—after serving in the army for three years, even sows could match Diaochan [1]. Zhang Tie didn't understand it at that time, however, after one night's torture, he finally understood.

This morning, these four girls became tens of times more charming than they were last night. They were so beautiful that it could not even be portrayed in words. Their snow white skin, beautiful eyes, lips, breasts, slim waists, and raised buttocks were so attractive.

"Didn't you... leave?"

After utering these words, Zhang Tie felt that his throat was a bit hoarse, like burning up. Although he said that, Zhang Tie couldn't stop glancing over their breasts with his blue eyes.

"It's raining so heavily outside, where do you want us to go?"

Angel glanced at Zhang Tie with dissatisfaction.

"It's really like exchanging bodily fluids between the heavens and the land. The sound ‘Pa pa' of thunder is really like the crashing sound between a man and a woman..." With wide-open eyes, Fiona stared at Zhang Tie in an innocent way. "Do you want us to be sprayed wet with so much bodily fluid?"

"Hearing Fiona's explanation, I also realize that..."—Angel cast her coquettish eyes at Zhang Tie—"I don't know whether someone can have so much bodily fluid as to insist on spraying the whole day!"

"Rain is drinkable, I heard bodily fluid is also drinkable, they really look similar!"

Susan licked her sexy lips.

Being seduced by the girls, Zhang Tie almost charged at them that same instant.

Seeing his breathing growing gradually heavier as well as the increasingly more vigorous green lights in his eyes, the girls all burst out laughing, their bodies quivering.

Zhang Tie's eyes were instantly seized by the shaking meatballs in their dresses.

The atmosphere in the parlor became ambiguous once again.

Fiona and the other three girls started to seduce Zhang Tie by their moves and words. He couldn't stand it any more and wanted to go back to his bedroom, but if he did that, he would be defeated by these women. Thus, he could only continue to stand it in the parlor.

The girls' topics became more and more limitless. They started to talk about private things among girls. Only after staying in the parlor for a short while, Zhang Tie felt that he had stayed there as long as a whole year.

When he felt that he needed to take another cold bath, the doorbell rang. Hearing this, Zhang Tie instantly sprung up from the sofa and rushed to open the door in an unprecedentedly fast speed.

When he opened the gate of the apartment building, he saw Beverly and Pandora standing outside in a coquettish way under umbrellas. He almost burst into tears. The saving-fire angels finally arrived.

After Beverly and Pandora put away their umbrellas and cleaned off the water drops on their boots by stomping on the ground, they found that Zhang Tie had already opened the gate. Without even saying a word, he hurriedly hugged them while bringing them into the room, one in each hand. They could only let out soft cries of astonishment.

Pandora and Beverly both sensed Zhang Tie's urgency and glow, and felt a bit weird about that. When he dragged them inside, past the parlor, they saw Angel and the other three girls.

"Why are they here?" Beverly asked out of curiosity.

"Come to my room, I will explain it to you!"

Zhang Tie hurriedly raced through the parlor.

...

After bringing Pandora and Beverly back to his room, Zhang Tie threw them directly onto the bed and stripped off their clothes and pants immediately. Under their screams of astonishment, he instantly charged at them.

...

Angel sighed and picked herself up from the sofa, intending to help Zhang Tie close the gate of the apartment building.

When she returned to the parlor, some weird voices were already drifting over from his room.

The next hour was like revenge to the four girls sitting in the parlor as various sounds, including the heavy 'pa pa' sound, the continual groans and gasps of Pandora and Beverly, and mice squeaks of the bedstead, were drifting over from Zhang Tie's room, making their faces grow red.

The rain outside seemed to not be easing off, however, the rain in Zhang Tie's bedroom was becoming heavier.

When the four girls couldn't stand it to sit elegantly on the sofa anymore, Zhang Tie's bedroom's door was pushed open from inside. Hearing this, the four girls turned their heads at the same time and caught sight of Beverly, whose hair was messy, half of the body exposed, and who was blushing heavily, from inside the room.

Beverly's head and upper body were exposed. At this moment, Beverly was still wearing her corsage. From this, they could see how rash the man was.

While panting heavily, Beverly talked to the girls sitting in the parlor, "Who of you... would like to exchange bodily fluids and emotions with this man... we can... cannot stand it any more..."

After saying this, Beverly, who was standing in the doorway, immediately stooped down and held the door open with her two hands.

As to what was happening in the room, none of the girls in the parlor could see, but under their gazes, Beverly's every inch of skin outside the door started to quiver like how lemna minor is patted by sea waves.

It was still booming inside the room.

Only after a few minutes, Beverly, who had almost lost her consciousness, couldn't keep that standing pose anymore. She started to kneel down with her face on the floor. She was so weak that she even lied down on the thick and soft carpet inside the room. Behind the wall where nobody else could see, the fierce crashing was still making waves on Beverly's body...

After another a few minutes, Beverly, who had almost passed out at the door of the room, was hugged by two weird hands. She looked like she was being pulled inside by a man-eating beast. Gradually, beautiful Beverly disappeared from the door.

At this time, the four girls couldn't sit anymore.

Sharapova stood up and walked towards Zhang Tie's bedroom. The moment she moved close to the door, that pair of weird hands stretched out of the room once again and hugged her. Sharapova disappeared too, closely followed by a scream of astonishment...

In the thunders now were Sharapova's screams and weeps...

Twenty minutes later, Fiona walked in...

Twenty more minutes later, Susan entered...

After one hour, Angel sighed as she slid off her clothes and walked in...

When she bit her lip and came inside Zhang Tie's bedroom with hands covering her breasts, what she saw made her legs go soft. She almost fell down to the ground...

The room was in a mess. Beverly was lying on the bed, while Pandora lay next to her covered with bodily fluids all over. With only the strength to pant, Susan's one foot was put on the bed while half of a quilt was strewn under her body lying on the carpet. With her eyes narrowed, she had her cherry mouth half-open while her body and face were covered with lecherous sweat stains, because of which, her hair was pasted onto her face.

In contrast, the goblin Fiona was lying on the bed like a puppy. Swinging her hair freely, she had started to rave, whereas that man was still revealing an obscene smile on his face, seemingly enjoying convincing Fiona very much.

At this time, Sharapova was using a very astonishing skill that could not even be described by words to stimulate that man who was sprinting on Fiona...

Walking inside, Angel closed her eyes and hugged Zhang Tie...

[1] Diaochan is one of the ancient four Chinese beauties who was born in Shannxi Province.



* * *





Chapter 196




For the whole day, Zhang Tie felt like an industrious gardener who held a hoe in one hand while holding a kettle to water flowers on the other hand. He was industriously looking after a beautiful garden. When he noticed which patch of land in the garden was becoming hard, he would take the hoe there to loosen soil before watering it using his pot.

There were six beautiful flowers in the garden, and he was the owner of these fresh flowers.

Each gardener was clumsy in the beginning. So was Zhang Tie. Pandora was his first teacher, then Beverly. The two girls taught him how to reclaim the hard land and water the coquettish flowers.

Zhang Tie learned very fast, even mastered the skills without being taught later on. He used all the skills told by that lewd guy Hista.

Seeing the pot make all the buds of fresh flowers wet and beautiful like having been baptized by morning dew, Zhang Tie was very happy.

He affirmed that this was the happiest thing in the world.

Zhang Tie liked to see how his bodily fluids poured into the girls' bodies and flowed out from their insides, since this brought him a cool sense of conquest.

Hista said that the capacity of the pot used to water flowers was limited. Average men could only water 3-5 times a day, however Zhang Tie felt that there was an endless life spring in his pot that would never dry up.

This was probably because he had eaten nine Wild Wolves' Seven-strength Fruits which had granted him the full strength of nine wild wolves, including all their abilities. And it was said that when wild wolves were in estrus, they could keep doing that thing many times a month without knowing what fatigue was.

Like today, even Zhang Tie himself couldn't remember how many times he had used his Mr. Mummy to water the flowers, maybe over 20 times. Take the fresh flower Sharapova for an instance, this woman's small golden fish brought Zhang Tie a great surprise as it usually liked to drill into the place which was out of Zhang Tie's imagination. Being extremely stimulated, he had to water her more times.

Speaking of Fiona, he really liked to see this young mature lady's mad look, while as for Angel, who was always lofty, Zhang Tie was fascinated by her weak and imploring looks when in pain.

Seeing those fresh flowers being watered with his own dew, a sense of satisfaction and achievement that Zhang Tie had not experienced before rose up inside him.

He was very, very happy! Any man would be very happy at this moment!

He brought all the fresh flowers back onto the bed in a row and covered them with a quilt, After that, he fetched a chair and sat on it beside the bed. Supporting his jaw with his hand, Zhang Tie enjoyed seeing them fall asleep with dew. Each of them had their special beauty. They were all his angels.

'I wonder what it would feel if he could water Miss Daina, Miss Qili, and that aunt nurse in the hospital.' Zhang Tie couldn't resist imaging it. As a result, his mummy, which had achieved a great victory, instantly raised up once again. 'That might be another beauty.'

The torture of last night had long eased off by now. If Pandora and Beverly didn't care about how many women he would have, if Angel and the other three girls of Rose Association didn't care about the false name of Guardian Knight and only wanted a carnival with him, why did he have to care about that? Would any man feel unhappy to have more women?

Zhang Tie kept calmly watching those women sleeping for half an hour.

Sharapova the tallest, the plumpest, and the healthiest one woke up first. After that, she rose slightly from her side of the bed and looked at Zhang Tie, who was sitting on the chair beside the bed, with narrowed eyes.

Zhang Tie then walked over to her and ducked down, giving a slight kiss on her wet and shiny forehead.

"Have a good rest, when you wake up, I'll make some yummy food for you!"

Because of great fatigue, Sharapova closed her eyes and fell asleep once again.

Seeing someone waking up, Zhang Tie didn't wait anymore. After a glance over the beautiful scene on the bed, he hurriedly put on his clothes and left the bedroom.

It was still pouring heavily outside.

After putting on clothes, Zhang Tie quickly grabbed an umbrella and left the apartment building. He soon disappeared in the rain. After half an hour, he ran back in again with several big bags of ingredients and other items. He then became busy in the kitchen.

Donder said that after making love for the first time, women needed to mend their Qi and blood. Therefore, based on his memory, Zhang Tie brought back a pile of items and started to prepare supper for the women in his bedroom.

As it was not his first time cooking dinner, Zhang Tie busily worked in the kitchen with great care. After a short while, the whole room was filled with the aroma of chicken soup.

...

After the women woke up, it was already late night. Zhang Tie lighted candles in the dining room and tried to make the atmosphere as romantic as he imagined in his mind.

Once they woke up, the women started to take baths and put on clothes. After that, they moved slowly and weirdly and appeared in the dining room, frowning.

Zhang Tie was moving here and there in the kitchen, while the women all watched him very seriously. At this moment, he was like an average youth who was doing housework, however, who knew that this man was actually a human-shaped magic beast.

Next to the table in the dining room, attracted by Zhang Tie's food and dishes, the women who had not eaten for a whole day instantly moved all of their fingers and started to eat. As Chinese food was well known all over the world, even if Zhang Tie had only learned a bit how to cook from his mom at home, his careful work could still conquer the women.

Fiona stealthily scooped a small spoon of chicken soup which was stewed with ginseng, red beans, and two more medicinal materials. After blowing on it and silently sipping, she immediately widely opened her eyes from surprise.

"It tastes really good! It's much yummier than the things he forced us to drink at daytime!" brainless Fiona, who had a huge breasts, said it straightforwardly.

"Fiona, shut up, can you not mention what happened at daytime while we're eating!"

Angel became irritated and glared at Fiona, while all the others did the same, even Pandora and Beverly became bashful.

"You also drank it. Why glare at me!" Fiona whispered while Susan silently kicked her underneath the table.

"Susan, why did you kick me! You drunk most, even twice. One of them should have been Sharapova's, yet you drunk it too. You little bitch licked everything..."

"Fiona..!" Susan shrieked.

Fiona stuck her tongue out and didn't say anything more.

At this time, Zhang Tie carried in a small pot of steaming food out of the kitchen. The food's weird aroma immediately attracted the girls' attention.

"What's inside the pot?"

The moment Pandora opened her mouth, she had scattered the embarrassed atmosphere at the table.

"The soup of donkey hide's gelatin stewed with red jujubes, this is a very good food to Chinese women..." Saying this, Zhang Tie picked up the small bowls from the table and filled one for each of them. "After drinking it, you will know its advantages. This is from the second pot as I burnt the first one..."

"Donkey hide's gelatin, is that a medicinal material?" Sharapova asked.

"Hmm, I went out and bought them back when you fell asleep!"

Hearing Zhang Tie's explanation, the girls felt warm inside and cast milder eyes at Zhang Tie.

After filling the bowls for them, Zhang Tie stared at the girls with hopeful eyes. "Have a try!"

After cooling down the soup of donkey hide's gelatin stewed with red jujubes in their bowls by blowing, they drunk it one after another. The soup tasted sweet yet a bit weird. However, after drinking it for a short while, a warm sense rose up from their insides which felt very comfortable. Even the discomforts of their bodies had greatly eased off.

During this meal, the girls learnt more about Zhang Tie...

After the supper, he hurriedly cleaned the bowls and chopsticks in the kitchen while the girls all returned to the parlor.

...

There, Pandora talked with Angel.

"Bring here all the women of your Rose Association!" Pandora told Angel. "I feel that he'll like that!"

"He will leave in a few days. Don't you and Beverly know about it?" Angel asked Pandora.

"I know, yesterday many wounded soldiers were carried back from Kalur, filling all the hospitals in Blackhot City in just one day. Now, everybody in Blackhot City knows that the Norman Empire and Sun Dynasty will fight in Kalur. The Iron-Blood Camp where Zhang Tie serves might be the first to drive to Kalur!"

"So now that you know that, do you think the other girls of Rose Association will still come?"

"Why not?" Pandora stared at Angel. "If he can come back alive, he will definitely have a bright future. This man is your favorite, the one who can give you a sense of safety and let you feel admired. Isn't it the life philosophy of Rose Association to struggle to encounter such a man, occupy a place in his life, and leave your marks there, even if only for a short period?

"If he cannot come back, as he's your first man, don't you want him to make him happy before he leaves Blackhot City? Why not treat him as a kid and satisfy him with all the happiness he wants? How many men who can stew a soup of donkey hide's gelatin stewed with red jujubes for you after f*cking you can you meet in the rest of your life?

Angel became quiet.

"Beverly and I will not leave tonight. We will accompany him here and await your news. As you came here yesterday, I know that many girls of Rose Association have prepared to come here today. When boys tried to turn themselves into men before the survival training, girls try to turn themselves into women after the survival training.

"Whether he will come back or not, it would be much more interesting to choose such a brilliant man to turn you into a woman than choosing other men. Additionally, this investment will not be fully ineffective as it might bring you a huge return in the future. You should know that a man who really knows how to treasure a woman and prefers to take a cold bath many times like last night instead of opening the door of his bedroom is much more reliable than one who has the name of a Guardian Knight.

"He only needs simple and innocent happiness. So does he love and treat women in a simple and innocent way. If he cannot do it, he will leave himself. Like how he treated Alice and you when you wanted to sacrifice yourselves last night, when we stay with him, we only need to show ourselves in a simple and innocent way. Aren't you happy to be with him? Tell them what a man Zhang Tie is and leave them the choice to come here or not..."

Angel was then absolutely convinced.

...

After supper, she, Fiona, Susan, and Sharapova all left.

After sending them away, Zhang Tie returned to his apartment and lay on a sofa. Hugging Pandora and Beverly, he started together with them to read a book "A Journey to the Eastern Continent" that he had pulled out from Donder's bookcase.

The heating units in the room had been turned on and the whole parlor became as warm as spring.

Since they knew that Zhang Tie would soon go to the battlefield, Pandora and Beverly simply became as adorable and well-behaved as cats in front of him.

The book was written in Chinese. Zhang Tie knew that the two girls didn't know its characters, so he interpreted them for them while he read it.

The Eastern Continent portrayed in the book was a world that Zhang Tie had never imagined before. Over there, human scientific civilization represented by steam had already reached its peak. Pre-historical civilizations unearthed from underground world were as resplendent as stars. Sects in the Eastern Continent that had existed for tens of thousands of years were both mysterious and powerful. Those powerful people who had learned numerous mysterious knowledges were as many as the sands in the river.

"In many cities of the Eastern Continent, the sky was covered with airboats and aeroships. In one place, all the territory of a nation was only a huge tree that reached into the clouds. In the Eastern Continent, Chinese didn't call themselves the Chinese clan; the name was usually used by foreigners. Instead, all the Chinese there called themselves the Immortal clan!

"This was because Chinese believed that they were blood-tied descendants of long gone ancient gods and the incarnation of the great truth of the universe. All the blood flowing in their bodies was not mortal, but immortal. Defeating demons and bringing human beings back under the glorious light of gods was the only reason for them to drop from their galaxy onto this star and this continent..."

Zhang Tie was really hooked by that travelogue. How confident and proud could that clan be to call itself immortal!

When Zhang Tie was interpreting the travelogue, Pandora and Beverly lay on his chest, listening attentively. The two women didn't seem too interested in the content on the travelogue. Feeling bored, they undid the buttons of Zhang Tie's shirt and started to suck his nipples using their small golden fish.

Zhang Tie's blood started to boil once again. Throwing the book away, he turned his body and charged at Beverly and Pandora with his eyes glaring at the two kitties.

"Can you even take it anymore?"

"We cannot and need to have a rest. But those who can will soon arrive!" Pandora said with coquettish eyes while swimming her small golden fish over Zhang Tie's chest.

"Who's coming?"

Zhang Tie became curious. Didn't Angel just leave?

"The other women of Rose Association!"

"What for?"

Zhang Tie became dumbfounded.

"To let you turn them into women," Beverly replied in a tender voice. "Wouldn't you enjoy watering those beautiful fresh flowers?‘

"Haven't I told Angel I will leave soon? I cannot be their Guardian Knight!"

"What if they didn't care about that and only wanted you to be their first man? Girls of the Rose Association choose their men in the survival training. After the survival training, they will let those men turn them into women. The more excellent the men are, the more girls would like them. Have you heard of Li Shizhen at your school? He had picked the crowns of all the members of the Rose Association! Woudn't you like that?"

Knowing the behavior styles of the girls in the Rose Association, Zhang Tie burst out laughing loudly.

" Only idiots would not like that!"

At this very moment, the doorbell of the room rang...

"Here are our doers!"

Pandora sat up from the sofa and revealed a smile at Zhang Tie. She whispered something to him, and his eyes immediately popped out. Pandora ran off to open the door. Half a minute later, she brought in eight girls of the Rose Association wearing amices.

"Well, it's your turn now. Pandora and I are really tired today and need to take a rest..."

Beverly winked at the eight girls before pulling Pandora into another bedroom, leaving the parlor to Zhang Tie and the eight new girls.

After exchanging glances with each other, the eight girls slid off their amices at the same time... revealing their young bodies, beautiful dresses, and faces...

Zhang Tie felt slightly dizzy...

"I'm Helena, I simply want to do it today..."

A beautiful girl with brownish-red wavy hair walked towards Zhang Tie, giving him a smile before lowering her head and starting a hot kiss with him.

More and more girls walked towards him...

The entire apartment became unprecedentedly amorous once again...





* * *





Chapter 197




Zhang Tie couldn't even believe that his sex happiness would arrive so fast. From today onward, for the next seven days, he almost didn't leave the apartment at all. Each day, fresh, delicate, and charming faces would appear in his room, 7-8 at least, 10-odd at most. They came and left in batches.

Zhang Tie felt that he was a gardener and a wolf king. In the valley, while the pack of wolves were howling towards the moon, he was standing on the high platform and occupied all the female wolves of the entire valley.

Angel, Susan, Fiona, Shava, Helena, Doris, Anna, Ijssel, Garbo, Jennifer, Issabel, Julia, Lucy, Mary, Barbara, Caroline, Wendy, Lily...

Eighty two girls of Rose Association came here in batches. During these days, under Zhang Tie's watering, they all turned from girls into women. There were a couple of days during this period that Zhang Tie didn't even wear clothes for the whole day. Besides going to the toilet, each second was spent convincing, convincing, and constantly convincing...

The bedding and bed sheets in Zhang Tie's bedroom would be changed each day.

During these days, each day, he would feel like he was in paradise. This small apartment was simply his palace. The Rose Association composed of beautiful girls from those female middle schools in Blackhot City really helped him experience the feeling of being a king this week.

On the third day since this king's travel started, Angel and the other three girls became the first batch of devoted customers in his palace. After that, there were more and more devoted customers who started to come together with those fresh faces. The ways that those girls of the Rose Association used to please Zhang Tie really broadened his vision.

He was extremely favored by these girls. Even the exclusive skills of Sharapova and Susan, who used them on Zhang Tie on the first day, were soon learned by a great number of girls. On the fourth day, in the bathroom, Zhang Tie broke his record—over twelve small golden fish swam across him at the same time.

In the beginning, Zhang Tie felt that he was a gardener, but later on, he felt that he was a traveler who was feeding pigeons in the square. Pigeons liked the traveler who had endless food and that food itself sprayed by the traveler.

Girls were both fresh flowers and pigeons!

Girls who were new here were fresh flowers while those who came here for the second time became pigeons.

The fresh flowers were very coy, needing him to water them, while pigeons were very brave, not afraid of being sprayed, instead, they kept uttering 'gu gu'. After that, they would fly up and down beside him by fluttering their wings, opening their mouths to chase after him, wanting him to feed them more food.

This was an extremely absurd, charming, and mad week of only happiness which Zhang Tie would never forget for the rest of his life.

Many girls were absolutely convinced by Zhang Tie and started to crazily worship him. This was an original worship related to reproduction. The powerful men would all receive this worship.

For some reason, Zhang Tie really didn't feel tired. At most in several minutes, his mummy would be grim once again and start to water flowers everywhere or feed the pigeons which chased after him until they were full enough and lay on the ground, unable to jump anymore.

Among the girls of Rose Association, Zhang Tie had a wholly new name or nickname—Lord Magic Beast.

Not Knight but a Lord, Lord Magic Beast. If the Lord that he named himself in the Castle of Black Iron was not included, this would be the first time for Zhang Tie to be called Lord - Lord Magic Beast. Although only being called this on the bed, Zhang Tie was still exceptionally satisfied.

The first girl that called Zhang Tie Lord Magic Beast was Hiltina, who could be seen as Zhang Tie's first worshiper. It would take others at least two days to turn from fresh flowers to pigeons, however, Hiltina, after being in a coma for several times after the first day, had already become the very pigeon that chased after Zhang Tie most closely.

Because of Hiltina, Zhang Tie's palace became more dissolute in an all round manner. Usually, what one girl did successfully would soon be imitated by the other girls, who could even make some innovations.

Hiltina stuck even more to Zhang Tie than Pandora.

Never underestimate woman's braveness and creativity - this was what Zhang Tie had concluded in these days.

However, happy times would always come to an end.

...

Today, Zhang Tie's mom who had not seen her youngest son for more than one week felt bored and came to the apartment on Avenue Monet.

In the recent days, Zhang Tie's mom had heard some more gossip about him. People said that her son was assassinated at school, poisoned, and almost died. Everybody said so. Therefore, she became dubious. Recalling the scene of him outside the home, she realized that he didn't even get off the car. Besides, his voice and expression hadn't seemed right. She then became worried about him again.

Because of Kalur's war affair, the atmosphere in Blackhot City was a bit tense. Missing her son so much, Zhang Tie's mom firstly went to the battalion headquarters of Iron-Blood Camp to ask about him. After learning that he was recuperating these couple of days, she hurriedly rushed into the hospital only to get the answer that he had left. Therefore, she rushed to Avenue Monet.

In the eyes of Zhang Tie's mom, now that he was neither in the military camp nor at home, he must be hiding in here.

Previously, Zhang Tie had given a copy of the keys for this apartment building to his parents. Therefore, his mom could easily open the gate of the apartment building and start walking closer.

Before opening the door of the residence, she was still worried about Zhang Tie's wounds. If her son was really recuperating in his residence, what should she do then? As it was such a critical event for the Zhang family, he shouldn't lie to his parents. Should she blame him for not telling her about that?

After hesitating for quite awhile, she finally opened the door of Zhang Tie's residence. Before opening it, two scenes had flashed across her mind: one was that Zhang Tie was not in the apartment but hiding somewhere else—if so, she decided to ferociously beat him up when she saw him next time,—and the other one was of Zhang Tie lying alone in the room—if so, she would comfort him first before sending him back home. After he was well recovered, she would deal with him about this.

Even though she had imagined tens of thousands of scenes in her mind, she could never imagine what was going on with her son...

There was a fountain in the city square of Blackhot City, On the fountain there was a sculpture—a nude 8-9 old boy supporting his waist with two hands and having a pee with his hand holding his d*ck in an arrogant way. The water was flowing out of that boy's d*ck and falling into the pond below. There were some more sculptures in the pond—a shoal of golden-threadfin breams who were opening their mouths towards the water flowing out of the boy's d*ck.

The sculptures of this fountain were delicate, beautiful, and poetic. They were also featuring childish and fairytale things, and were one of the landmarks of Blackhot City. Many people liked to take photos of the fountain. Certainly, at the sight of such a cute boy, even if nude, nobody would connect it to any embarrassing scene. Because children were always naive and innocent.

When Zhang Tie's mom opened the door, it was like she saw the live version of the sculptures in the fountain on the city square of Blackhot City.

Zhang Tie was standing in the middle of the parlor just like the nude boy-sculpture . With the exception of his silly and obscene smile, and being surrounded by a great number of girls, he looked almost the same as that boy sculpture from feet to his head, with hands supporting his waist.

It was all messy in the apartment. Over ten girls were disorderly lying in the room in a raptured way, messiness both on and off their bodies. The clutter stretched from the parlor to Zhang Tie's bedroom. Girls' clothes, underwear, skirts, and dresses were thrown everywhere. The entire room was like a dressing room in the back of the theater of Blackhot City that had been swept by bandits.

"Guoguo..."

Zhang Tie's mom stood there for as long as five minutes, dumbfounded. After affirming that what she saw was not her hallucination, she screamed loudly, which startled everyone in the room.

While busy feeding a pigeon, Zhang Tie turned his head. When he saw his mom watching him with wide-open eyes, because of shock and provocation, his d*ck almost became impotent.

Quivering all over, Zhang Tie immediately turned pale. He then covered his lower abdomen using his hand and squatted down. Embarrassed, he asked, "Mom, why are you here?"

The girls who had turned into small golden fish hurriedly fetched their clothes, causing a great chaos in the apartment.

The present scene was really too embarrassing to see for parents. Zhang Tie's mom closed her eyes and walked out of the gate to wait...

Not until more than ten minutes later did girls, who were now well dressed, rapidly left the apartment building, heads lowered.

Some girls weren't even able to walk, so they were supported on their away by others.

At the beginning, when the first two girls left, Zhang Tie's mom was very irritated inside. However, after the number grew to six, she became worried about Zhang Tie. When it became nine, she became surprised. Then she saw more walking out and became shocked. With several more, even she didn't know how she felt.

The rich lecherous look was still on the girls' eyebrows. As a woman who had experienced love affairs, Zhang Tie's mom certainly could notice that. As a mother, even with her eyes closed, she could still smell her son's odor from those girls only with a single sniff.

In total, 17 girls left Zhang Tie's apartment. Counting them, Zhang Tie's mom became a bit numb. Was this her natural son? How could he be so great?

Not until 20 minutes later did Zhang Tie put on his clothes and walk out of the apartment, head lowered. He opened the gate of the apartment building and found his mom standing outside. Then, he silently moved over there and smiled brightly.

"Mom!"

She turned back and stared at him with a strict expression.

At this moment, Zhang Tie's face looked white and red with firm and bright eyes, shiny pitch-black hair, healthy and plump lips. He looked very energetic and excellent, as good as a fresh steamed bun that had been just made, far different from being sick, fatigued, and weak. Without being able to find any fault in him, his mom finally flicked his forehead fiercely with her finger. After that, she turned and left.

Knowing that mom was not that angry any more, Zhang Tie hurriedly smiled even brighter.

After his mom's check-up, his mad life finally came to an end. When he came back home in the afternoon, certainly he was interrogated by his family members. Of course, they just pretended to blame him. After Zhang Tie lowered his head and promised that he would never do this again later on, they let him go. As his parents felt too embarrassed to ask much, they didn't continue; no matter what, the boy didn't suffer a loss in this event.

While back home, Zhang Tie went back to his attic where he entered the Castle of Black Iron and took out 4000 gold coins. He then put the gold coins into the handbag and left them under the bed.

He then silently told his elder brother Zhang Yang that he had left something under the bed in the attic for him and told him to take it out alone in the evening...

Finally, Zhang Tie ate supper and left under his mom's repetitive advises and grumbles.

...

Zhang Tie had indulged in the crazily happy times during the past several days, so he hadn't seen sunlight during this period. He was like a human-shaped steam engine which only knew ignition and filling in water as he kept making piston movements from the morning to the evening. He hadn't walked out of the gate of the apartment building for many days. So now, he suddenly felt that the atmosphere in Blackhot City seemed have become more tense.

The most obvious was that there were more military cars running on the avenues of Blackhot City. The faces of the patrolling soldiers looked more solemn. The military vehicles that were pulling various military materials out of the railway station passed by the water-logged road and sprayed water from the puddles so high that passers-by had to pay attention to avoid them. Even Zhang Tie's dark red military pants were sprayed with some gray mud stains.

Walking on the avenues of Blackhot City, Zhang Tie breathed the air after rain which contained a wisp of the coldness of autumn. He gradually struggled out of the mountains of butts and seas of female flesh and started to recover composure.

As he was busy being a gardener these days, he had not finished a lot of things: the movable houses in the Castle of Black Iron had not been assembled, the new yeast fluid had not been fabricated, the bastard Samira was still free out there, he hadn't gone to the Iron-Thorns Fighting Club, or seen the old hag Mary.

There were many things that had to be solved before he left Blackhot City.

...

When Zhang Tie was walking on the avenue, a car parked over ten meters ahead him. A brat with smooth and shiny hair stretched out his head from the window. Slightly hesitant, he was thought about whether to greet Zhang Tie or not.

Before the brat could open his mouth, Zhang Tie shook his hands towards him, "Come on, baby!"

Benet then revealed a smile as he pushed open the door and got off the car, followed by a muscled bodyguard. Being somewhat alert, the bodyguard stared at Zhang Tie; his military uniform had an extremely great deterrent force in Blackhot City.

At the sight of the dark red military uniform of the Norman Empire, commoners had to be careful. It was said that because the Gregory family had offended a second lieutenant in this military uniform, it was almost exterminated. In the end, Gregory family had paid a lot to deal with this event.

So now, which rich person in Blackhot City would dare to be arrogant before the Iron-Blood Army of Norman Empire?

"Zhang Tie!"

Walking towards him, Benet seemed to be a bit nervous. He had also heard about Zhang Tie's affair and knew that he was not the flesh-bag that was used to be beaten up anymore. After learning of what had happened between him and Zhang Tie, Benet's family had already considered how to relieve the relationship between the two of them.

Although others didn't know which second lieutenant of the Nroman Empire the Gregory family had offended, Benet knew it very well. Compared to Gregory family, Benet's family was much poorer. Therefore, they did not have enough money to offend Zhang Tie.

From the moment Blackhot City was incorporated into the territory of Norman Empire, Zhang Tie was the only native commoner who joined the army of the Norman Empire and became a military officer. In the circle of Blackhot City, Zhang Tie was even more well-known than he could imagine.

This explained why the smart girls of Rose Association had poured into Zhang Tie's apartment like how moths flew towards fire. Many smart ones among the girls knew it much clearer than Zhang Tie how important he was at this moment. In the eyes of Angel and some other innocent girls, the sense of crisis deep in their hearts told them that he might not even be able to protect himself in the coming battlefield. However, those smart and realistic girls of Rose Association who were more politically savvy than Zhang Tie saw a handsome military officer who had a bright future with a powerful military background of the Norman Empire and could even influence the vicissitudes of the rich families in Blackhot City.

It was just rolling on bed sheets. If they could sleep with such a man and form a kind karma with him, there might be some good legends about them in the future. Why not? This was how many girls of Rose Association truly thought.

"Your hairstyle is really bad, mosquitoes would slip down on it!"

After Zhang Tie casually commented about Benet's hairstyle, Benet immediately became relaxed. He found that Zhang Tie was still the same as before, and they were not estranged at all.

"I don't feel it's good either, but my mom told me this would look more solemn. With this look, I will not be treated as a kid by touching my head anymore. It's good for me since I'll be taking over the Benet family in the future!"

Benet revealed a smile.

"You have a wise mother. She's right!" Zhang Tie smiled. "Well, where are you going, Mr. Benet?"

Benet felt very happy to talk with Zhang Tie as his words were not as boring as ones of those big figure beside him who would always give him a lesson or show an obsequious expression. In Benet's eyes, Zhang Tie was like his friend, a friend that could ignore his status and respect him.

"I will go to the Iron-Thorns Fighting Club!"

"Can I take a ride then? I also want to have a look inside the Club. Manager Hance invited me to have a look there when I was free!"

"Fine, my honor!"

Zhang Tie then got into Benet's car. Only after a short while, they had already arrived at the Iron-Thorns Fighting Club...

What Zhang Tie didn't know was that after they entered the fighting club, the car that drove Benet here was not parked in the parking lot but drove back to Benet's home at a much faster speed. That home was a castle-like manor in the south of Blackhot City.

...

In a spacious and luxurious study room in the manor, Benet's bodyguard and driver were reporting to a woman.

"Mrs, young master encountered Zhang Tie on the way to the fighting club. Zhang Tie took a ride there..."

"Tell me all the details about the encounter!"

An emotionless yet attractive female voice drifted through the room.



* * *





Chapter 198




The Iron-Thorns Fighting Club remained unchanged, at least from outside.

Unlike last time when he had walked in carefully, uncertain of himself, this time, he directly entered it from the VIP tunnel of the parking lot of the fighting club before taking the VIP elevator and reached the VIP service area on the first floor of the fighting club.

Previously, Zhang Tie didn't even have the qualifications to enter the VIP area at all.

While Benet was changing his clothes in the VIP area on the first floor, Zhang Tie walked out of the room and prepared to greet manager Hance.

No matter what, now that he had promised manager Hance to be the counselor of the fighting club and had come here, he should go greet him, if purely for a good reputation. Although it was just a reputation, the compensation paid by the fighting club was true. Twenty gold coins a week was definitely a high compensation in Blackhot City. According to Zhang Tie's acknowledge, only those top traders of bulk commodity exchanges or managers of business groups in Blackhot City might get such high compensation.

Twenty gold coins a week meant at least 1000 gold coins a year. This was a huge amount of money.

The business in the fighting club was so good that it was almost out of Zhang Tie's imagination. It seemed even more boisterous than when he had worked here before. After the Blackhot City encountered a huge change, it seemed that more people had become clear-minded and started to realize how important fighting strength was.

In this age, money was both a strength and a power, however, only fighting strength was the true strength and true power. Although money could usually turn into fighting strength, the latter could become money at any time. Over the past month, what Andaman Alliance had encountered had fully portrayed this point.

Andaman Alliance, the alliance of cities full of business atmosphere could never match Norman Empire's custom for worshiping fighting strength. Soon after the Blackhot City became a LV 4 city in the administrative region of Brunswick Province under the jurisdiction of the governor of the Northern Border Army of the Norman Empire, people soon experienced this difference and rapidly adapted to the new model.

In the strictly hierarchical system of the Norman Empire, owning powerful fighting strength was definitely a shortcut towards heaven. Additionally, Zhang Tie became the representative for stepping onto this shortcut in Blackhot City.

On the way from the VIP service area to manager Hance's office, he encountered several friends in the fighting club. They all knew Zhang Tie's current status, which was far more noble than before, especially after seeing his handsome military uniform; they all treated him one hundred times better than before.

Those brilliant smiles and considerate greetings and sincerity really made Zhang Tie comfortable and brought him a cool sense of returning to the hometown as a rich and well-known person.

After refusing several familiar workers' sincere guidance, Zhang Tie directly came to manager Hance's office, the door of which was half open. Although he could directly push in, he still behaved politely by standing outside the door and knocking on it.

His mom had taught him to not lose ambition when in trouble and politeness in success. Zhang Tie usually bore it in mind and warned himself.

"Come in!" Manager Hance's voice drifted from inside.

Hearing his voice, Zhang Tie pushed in.

It seemed some people in his office were talking about something with manager Hance. Hearing someone pushing in, they all turned their heads and stared at Zhang Tie. Manager Hance seemed to not have imagined that Zhang Tie could come to the fighting club at this moment, neither did other people who were talking with manager him could have imagined that the incomer was a military officer of the Norman Empire. Therefore, they all became slightly dumbfounded.

Manager Hance was the first ti recognise Zhang Tie, and his fat body instantly stood up from the chair behind the desk at an unprecedentedly fast speed. He then strode towards Zhang Tie. Pulling his hands, manager Hance told the others with a proud look, "Do you believe that this is Zhang Tie, the most excellent youth in Blackhot City. The senior counselor of the Iron-Thorns Fighting Club and second lieutenant of the Iron-Blood Camp of No. 39 Division of the Norman Empire.

"The genius among millions of people in Blackhot City who has mastered Iron-Blood Fist Skill, the secret imperial knowledge of the Norman Empire at the age of 15. Before becoming our counselor, he was our member. He always accepted the strictest tests in our fighting club. If you don't believe me, you can ask him. Which fighting club among those across Blackhot City could cultivate such a talent. If you choose Iron-Thorns Fighting Club, we will never let you down! Our objective is to let you feel that each coin that you spend here is worth it..."

Hearing manager Hance's words, Zhang Tie's face blushed.

The people sitting in the office seemed to be from the same family: a forty-old man dressed in extravagant clothes with an out-thrust big belly, a noble woman adorned with many jewels and pearls, her eyes very discerning, and two 10-year-old boys with blonde hair, twins.

Listening to manager Hance's introduction, all family members cast their eyes onto Zhang Tie. So he also gave a smile and nodded his head to show his respect to them.

"Can he teach our little Victor and little Peter about the secret imperial fighting skills of the Norman Empire?" The lady dressed like a noblewoman, uttered the words that almost choked Zhang Tie and manager Hance. "Once he teaches our little Victor and little Peter about the secret imperial knowledge of the Norman Empire and allow our babies to become military officers of the Norman Empire when they grow up, letting our family members become soldiers of the Norman Empire, we will pay for that, regardless of the amount of gold coins. Right, darling!"

Feeling embarrassed, the man coughed twice, seemingly also realizing that his woman was too rash. The woman seemed not to understand what Iron-Blood Fist Skill was. In contrast, the man seemed to know a bit more. Therefore, he looked a bit embarrassed by what his woman thought about the secret imperial knowledge of the Norman Empire. In her eyes, the Iron-Blood Fist Skill was just like a cheap cabbage on the roadside of the market that could be authorized for dispatch.

Inviting Zhang Tie to take a seat for a second, manager Hance returned to his chair. "Mrs, your requirement is too special. There's only one place across the Blackson Human Clan Corridor where one could barely meet your requirement!"

"Where, can you tell me?"

The woman became interested in that.

"I'm afraid that only half of the imperial members of the Norman Empire could meet your requirement!"

After hearing that even imperial members of the Norman Empire could only meet half of her requirement, the woman became quiet, fixing her widely opened eyes on manager Hance.

Shrugging his shoulders, manager Hance said, "Here, I could only promise you we will give your babies the best training and treatment. We will not let you pay for it in vain. If they can perform well in the future, they may be able to accept the guidance of a senior of our fighting club and witness what is Iron-Blood Fist Skill."

Seeing his short-sighted woman wanting to say something else, that man hurriedly opened his mouth to stop her further talk before the military officer of the Norman Empire. "Manager Hance, that's a deal, we're very satisfied with everything here and have determined to send our kids here for training!"

...

Manager Hance saw off this family to the door of his office and let a person guide them to deal with the membership formalities. When the man left, Hance nodded towards Zhang Tie with a wisp of apology, wanting to say something. Seeing his slight apology and carefulness, Zhang Tie, who was sitting on the sofa, shook his head, expressing his forgiveness.

It was not good to treat Iron-Blood Fist Skill as a cheap cabbage that could be exchanged with several gold coins before a military officer of the Norman Empire. That man hurriedly took his woman away in case she would say something else that might get them in trouble.

...

"For families like theirs which became rich by digging mines, the most adorable thing is their gold coins. The most boring thing is also their gold coins!"

Returning to the side of his office, manager Hance opened a cigar box that was put on his desk and made a pose to share one with Zhang Tie, asking whether he needed one. Zhang Tie shook his head, so manager Hance enjoyed it by himself.

"Business here seemes not bad!" Zhang Tie revealed a smile. "Much better than before!"

"Rules in Blackhot City have changed. Therefore, everybody else needed to change as well. In the Norman Empire, the supreme status of a businessman is soldier, while soldiers who have fighting contributions can be then promoted to the meritorious clan, ot even noble clan. After becoming a meritorious clan or a noble clan, if you can marry an imperial girl, you may be able to join the company of the imperial clan. In the recent days, the best seller in the bookstores here was "The Charter of Orders" which introduced the hierarchical system of the Norman Empire..."

Sucking a mouth of the burning cigar, manager Hance said, "I heard the Military Administration of Blackhot City has already sarted counting and dividing social classes for people from all walks of life across Blackhot City. Once this work is completed, the Blackhot City will officially end military control and enter the ruling system of the Norman Empire.

"As for guys like me who only know how to make money, if we could submit tax a bit more frequently so that we could reach a certain amount or directly bring a huge amount of donation to the empire in the future, we can reluctantly be promoted to the soldier class.

"Without being a soldier, according to the rules of the Norman Empire, I would be forbidden to even take a private car out in the future, instead, I could only take a carriage. Besides, the color and the adornments of the carriage should not be golden, red, white, or black.

"The quantity of horses used to pull the carriage should not be more than two. I could not use above LV 2 mutated horses, other magical beasts, or other thoroughbred horses regulated by the Norman Empire that can only be used by meritorious clan and other classes above meritorious clan. There are also regulations on the size of the carriage.

"Oh, I almost forgot it, I would be forbidden to smoke cigars in the public, instead, I could only smoke it at home or in the office..." Manager Hance then sighed with a dejected expression. "The good days of the new rich in Blackhot City will soon come to an end!"

Seeing manager Hance’s sorrowful face, at first Zhang Tie intended to express his sympathy about him, however, after thinking that there would be more guys who "could only do small businesses", who, in Zerom’s words, could only sit in small carriages with weird colors and run across Blackhot City, Zhang Tie couldn’t take it and burst out laughing loudly. From another perspective, the hierarchical system of the Norman Empire was also lovely.

"Horseshit and horse fart don’t smell good!" Zhang Tie burst out laughing loudly as he mocked.

Taking the cigar, manager Hance became dumbfounded before burst out laughing too.

"You are free today?"

"I’m here to look around and get the salary. By the way, the military uniform’s largest benefit is to show off my power and prestige and satisfy my vanity!" Zhang Tie replied honestly.

Manager Hance laughed out louder, feeling that Zhang Tie was very interesting. He felt very relaxed and happy talking with him. "Fine, you’re our logo, many people are here for you. I will prepare money for you and pay you a year’s salary. You go out to show off your power and prestige first, I'll give you your money when you leave!"

"That’s fine!"

Saying this, Zhang Tie stood up.

"Which do you want, gold notes or gold coins!" manager Hance asked.

"Gold coins! I like that heavy feeling of gold coins in hand!"

"The same for me!"

Manager Hance smiled once again.

...

Walking out of manager Hance’s office, Zhang Tie came directly to the VIP area and started to enjoy the VIP treatment in the fighting club. As he had said he was leaving for greetings, Benet was still waiting for him here.

"Fetch me those female assistants here, I want to choose one!"

After entering the VIP area, Zhang Tie directly ordered the service manager of this area. Receiving his order, the service manager left.

Seemingly knowing what Zhang Tie wanted to do, Benet opened his mouth and wanted to say something; however, he didn’t uttered it. Mary was just a common female assistant in the fighting club. After Zhang Tie left, Benet in the end didn’t convince Mary to become his woman. Additionally, after knowing what happened between him and Zhang Tie, his mom had already strictly warned him to not get along with Mary anymore. In Benet’s mom’s words, foolish and self-important women like Mary could only bring disasters to men beside them.

After a while, dozens of young beauties arrived at the VIP area. They started to tempt Zhang Tie with their eyes.

Mary was also among them. Zhang Tie immediately caught sight of her. Meanwhile, she also caught sight of him. Although there were many legends about Zhang Tie, the moment she saw him, Mary’s face turned pale and her whole body quivered.

Pointing at Mary, Zhang Tie didn’t speak, but revealed a smile. Everybody realized that he was gazing at Mary, so the surrounding female assistants also cast their eyes onto her too.

Under the complex, jealous, or gloating eyes, Mary walked out of the crowd, quivering all over.

"That’s her, I want Mary!" An abrupt voice drifted from the side with a rich, aggressive atmosphere.

Zhang Tie turned back and saw a familiar brat who was walking here accompanied by two bodyguards. The moment he walked over, he raised his eyebrows towards Zhang Tie in a defiant manner. However, at the sight of Zhang Tie’s military uniform, one of the two bodyguards hurriedly changed his face and lowered his head to whisper to the brat. Unexpectedly, he was ferociously glared at by the brat.

"Shut up!"

After watching the defiant brat for a while, Zhang Tie finally recognized who he was—the brat who had kicked him so abruptly and ferociously that he had passed out the first time he came to the fighting club. His name might have been Gregory...



* * *





Chapter 199




Realizing the atmosphere here was not right, the manager of the VIP area hurriedly rushed over.

"Young master Gregory, if you need a female assistant, we'll arrange one for you after a while!"

"After a while? Aren't they standing here? Besides, I've just chosen one!" the brat said with an emotionless expression.

"Another guest is choosing right now!" the manager of the VIP area explained.

"Never mind, I only choose Mary. Besides, I've not heard that anyone else had chosen her. According to the rules of the fighting club, I can choose anyone as long as she wasn't chosen yet. What's wrong with you?"

With an expression of an adult, the stuffy brat even started to scold him. "Don't tell me that Mary has been chosen by others. With so many people here, did anyone hear Mary's name or see someone choose her? I'm the first one who called her name, therefore, she's mine!"

The manager of the VIP area was so heavily choked by the words that he couldn't even utter a word.

Since the brat walked in, Zhang Tie had been watching him. He was curious why such an innocent guy would still offend him on this trivial matter even if the Gregory family had already reconciled with him?

He was really confused.

"Is your family name Gregory?" Zhang Tie asked.

"Of course!"

The brat proudly raised his head and continued to stare at Zhang Tie in an aggressive way.

"Gregory family of Blackhot City?"

The brat gave a cold harrumph.

"Do you know who I am?"

Zhang Tie pointed at his own nose.

"I know!" The brat revealed a sinister smile. "More than two months ago, you were the lowest-level flesh-bag who couldn't even stand ten seconds in front of me and passed out after my first kick. Hahahaha..."

The brat purposely said it loudly, making Zhang Tie lose a lot of face. When the brat burst out laughing loudly, the two bodyguards beside him nervously stared at Zhang Ti since both of them were LV 6 black-spider warriors, and they knew that Zhang Tie could immediately kill a black-spider warrior even when heavily wounded. Noticing that Zhang Tie had narrowed his eyes at Gregory, the two bodyguards felt nervous and walked one step forward, wishing to protect their charge.



Zhang Tie didn't move, just smiled.

"Your family name is Gregory, which surname grants you a lot of privileges in the fighting club. Additionally, because of your surname, you're qualified to stand here and talk so much with me. As there are so many people at your age in Blackhot City, but I'm afraid that nobody else dares to talk so much in front of a military officer of the Norman Empire, can I ask you a question?"

"What?"

"I know you rich kids are always early, so I want to ask whether you are here to talk about this on behalf of your family?"

Zhang Tie smiled, and the surrounding atmosphere seemed to freeze over.

At first the brat wanted to reply "Of course!", but before he could exclaim it, an unknown sense of danger immediately made his heart pound. He swallowed his words back.

"Of... course not, even if you are a military officer of the Norman Empire, don't you let others talk? I'm also a member of the Norman Empire, or do you wear this military uniform to scare the citizens? Which rule of the Norman Empire forbids me from talking with you? Which sentence I said just now was fake? Did I slander you? Isn't it that I chose Mary as my female assistant before you? Don't I have the right to do that, or does the Iron-Thorns Fighting Club need to succumb to a second lieutenant of the Norman Empire?"

Seeing Zhang Tie becoming dumbfounded, the brat became pleased with himself.

This time, even manager Hance was shocked and rushed over. Seeing him standing outside the door of the VIP area, Zhang Tie revealed a smile.

"Of course you have the right. What you said was right. I'm just a counselor of the fighting club and truly have no reason to quarrel with customers. You are very welcome to stay here!" After saying this, Zhang Tie glanced at Mary. "Mary, as young master Gregory wants you to be his assistant, you then should serve him well, go with him!"

Thus, Gregory happily took Mary away, and the atmosphere in the VIP service area also gradually eased off.

After hurriedly arriving here, the manager looked deeply at Zhang Tie, then left too.

After seeing Zhang Tie lose the verbal duel, Benet seemed being much unhappier than Zhang Tie himself.

"Why do you compromise with him? Gregory was over excessive just now. Obviously you chose Mary first, yet he grabbed her away and even offended you with aggressive words. Why not beat him up?" Benet asked Zhang Tie out of fury.

"Would you wrestle with a boar in the wallow?" Zhang Tie asked Benet.

Benet shook his head.

"Why do you want me to argue with an idiot who only knows how to show off his glibness in speech? If you wrestle with a boar, you will be very dirty and as foolish as him whether you end up the winner or the loser.

After seriously thinking about it for awhile, Benet seemed understand it a bit.

"If you want to deal with a boar in the wallow, you might need a long spear or crossbow and bolts, but to deal with such a idiot who only knows how to show off his glibness in speech or wits, you don't even need to do anything as his foolishness is already enough to kill himself!"

"What do you mean?"

Benet became a bit confused.

"What's his rank on succeeding the heritage of Gregory family?"

"Below 40, this one comes from the branch of Gregory family!"

A brat coming from the branch of Gregory family. Zhang Tie shook his head.

"Just wait, this is the last time for this poor brat to be here in the Iron-Thorns Fighting Club!"

Zhang Tie had already understood a bit what of what that brat was thinking about. When people who lived like kings since they were young found those whom they looked down upon before—ones that would pass out after a casual kick, not even qualified to be flesh-bags—suddenly having changed in status and making their family suffer a miserable loss, what would they feel about such people?

This feeling would be very complicated. If one couldn't face squarely the fact and would still treat the other as that humble flesh-bag who had been casually trampled on by you and could only make 80 copper coins an hour, you might do silly things like what Gregory did today.

...

After such an incident, Zhang Tie had no mood to continue staying in the fighting club, besides, what had happened just now had also scared Mary graetly. He felt it unnecessary to care about the small conflict anymore. So Zhang Tie bade farewell to Benet and got his one year's salary—over 1000 gold coins that weighed over 20 kgs—from the manager in Hance's office, then left the Iron-Thorns Fighting Club.

Avenue Bright was still luxurious. Even now, when the business here were doing much worse compared to before, the stores on both sides of Avenue Bright were still selling the best items in the Blackhot City.

After leaving the fighting club, Zhang Tie walked for over ten minutes down this avenue until he arrived before a jewelry store.

All the items inside were radiating with golden and dazzling lights. A few clerks were standing behind the counter. Zhang Tie saw seven or eight jewelry craftsmen still working behind a glass partition past the counter.

Besides selling jewelries, this store could also do customization and processing of gems. Based on the girls' of the Rose Association words, this was the best jewelry store in Blackhot City.

Zhang Tie's military uniform won him warm welcome the moment he entered the store.

He carefully browsed throug the wares inside. There are so many items in the store that they almost dazzled him. Soon, a set of golden jewelry entered his vision, the theme of which was a rose. It was very delicate and beautiful, and consister of a ring, bracelet, a pair of earrings, and a necklace. In Blackhot City, if any family wanted to marry their daughter, they could choose this set of jewelry as a very graceful dowry...

"Give me this set of jewelry!"

"Fine!"

Very happy, the clerk immediately took out of that set of jewelry that was put on the green velvet in a tray.

After a careful look, Zhang Tie was very satisfied with it.

"What's its price?" Zhang Tie asked.

"Wait a moment please! This set can be sold in parts or as a set. I will calculate it for you. The ring weighs 13.6 g, bracelet 78.8 g, necklace 31.5 g, pair of earrings 144.9 g, plus our processing fee, which leaves it at 8 gold coins and 38 silver coins..."

Eight gold coins weighed 200 g, 38 silver coins were equivalent to 9.5 g of gold content. Zhang Tie then immediately calculated the premium of this set of gold jewelry - 44.5%. This was truly the best jewelry store in Blackhot City as the price was a bit higher here. The premium in other jewelry stores would usually not surpass 30%, yet the number was close to 50% here. However, judging from the delicate workmanship, Zhang Tie felt it was very proper. It was most important that someone would like this.

"Can you carve words on it?"

"Of course, we can both carve words on the ring and the bracelet. We can carve out whatever you want to tell your beloved one for free!" With a pair of sharp eyes, at the sight of Zhang Tie's age and look, the clerk immediately knew whom Zhang Tie was presenting the jewelry to. "Do you plan to gift this to your beloved one?"

Zhang Tie smiled and nodded in a bashful way.

"If you want to gift this to your beloved one, this set of jewelry will definitely accompany her for the rest of her life. After carving her name or what do you want to say to her on it, it would be very romantic!" Seeing a great chance for this deal, the clerk felt much better and became more enthusiastic about Zhang Tie. "Do you want it?"

"Of course!"

"If so, we can gift you a delicate packing case and a fresh rose." The clerk also smiled. "Your beloved girl will definitely love it!"

"I think so!" Zhang Tie smirked. Give me 82 sets like this!"

"What?" The clerk could almost not believe his ears. With eyes widely opened, he stared at Zhang Tie. "Pardon?"

"I said, I want 82 sets like this!" Zhang Tie repeated.

This time the clerk's eyes filled with doubts and vigilance. Eight two sets of such expensive jewelry? He felt that Zhang Tie was a liar in the military uniform of the Norman Empire.

In the end, the boss with a pair of gold-rimmed glasses came out himself. Zhang Tie was then invited into a lounge behind the counter of the jewelry store...

"You mean you want 82 sets like this one?"

The boss of the jewelry store carefully asked as he had long gotten used to eliminating disasters that dealt with large sums. Although soldiers of the Norman Empire enjoyed a very good reputation, there were always some worms. Businessmen were most of these barbarous soldiers.

"Yes!"

"By cash or..."

"By cash!" Zhang Tie put the handbag that contained over 1000 gold coins on the tea table, causing a sound of 'pa'. After that, he opened the handbag by pulling the zipper and the brilliant golden light.

"As we have not enough inventory to proceed right away, it may take me a bit longer to prepare for it!"

Seeing the cash, the boss immediately let out a sigh as he felt cold sweat covering his whole back.

"How many days do you need?"

"Three days!"

"Okay, no problem, I can pay you first. I will come back for the jewelry three days later!" Zhang Tie replied generously. In Blackhot City, he really wasn't afraid of being cheated now.

...

Ten minutes later, he left the jewelry store with only a bit more than 200 gold coins in his handbag. He had just spent the biggest amount of money ever since he was born.

When the boss counted the gold coins, he didn't sweat, but at the sight of the list of names which Zhang Tie had requested him to carve out on the jewelry sets, he was instantly drenched.

"To my beloved baby Angel——Zhang Tie"

"To my beloved baby Susan——Zhang Tie"

"To my beloved baby Fiona——Zhang Tie"

"To my beloved baby Sharapova——Zhang Tie"

"To my beloved baby Victoria——Zhang Tie"

"To my beloved baby Jennifer——Zhang Tie"

"To my beloved baby Hiltina——Zhang Tie"

"To my beloved baby Helena——Zhang Tie"

...

There were 82 babies on 82 sets of jewelry... Besides, Zhang Tie had chosen three unique rings inlaid with huge and exquisite gemstones on each of them, requesting the jewelry store to carve words on them too.

One was a black-sealed ring for Pandora. Zhang Tie felt that a black stone would match her a lot. He also asked them to carve a sentence on the back of the ring, "I know you love me in your special way, I love you too——Zhang Tie"

The second was a ruby-inlaid ring for Beverly. That ruby on the ring reminded Zhang Tie of Beverly's passionate short hair and beautiful look. The sentenced carved on the back of her ring ring read, "I know, you are as beautiful and innocent as a ruby——Zhang Tie"

The last sapphire-inlaid ring was for Alice. In Zhang Tie's eyes, the tears that Alice had dropped on the bed that day were sapphires. Therefore, he thought for quite a while before asked them to carve a sentence on the back of it that said, "Wish you'll be happier than a sea——Zhang Tie!"

A man who could spend over 800 gold coins in a jewelry store was not a god as other peole had done it before. However, a man who could buy jewelry for 85 beloved girls at once was definitely a god. Therefore, when Zhang Tie left, not only the boss, but also all the workers who were busy working stopped what they were doing and saw him off out the gate like seeing off a god.

After leaving the jewelry store, Zhang Tie went to a women garment store...



* * *





Chapter 200




The moment Zhang Tie walked out through the gate of the jewelry store, he let out a deep breath without knowing the reason for it. Besides the sprayed liquid, this was the best item that he could give them, since he might soon go to the battlefield and could not be sure that he'll manage to survive there.

If he was killed, this jewelry will work as the memory for those adorable girls. As their first man who indulged with them in pleasure for one week, he should leave something to them. Maybe he could not treat them all like how he treated Pandora and Beverly, but he could at least give them the best he could give.

Those sets of jewelry that Zhang Tie had chosen were very heavy. There was also another reason for him to do this besides them serving as a memory of him—when in emergency, that jewelry could also be sold to save them.

After leaving the jewelry store, Zhang Tie went to a women's underclothes store on Avenue Bright. The underclothes sold here were of the best brands in Blackhot City. Previously, he didn't know which brand was best, but now he had learnt from the girls of the Rose Association that the most favorite female underclothes brand in Blackhot City was Mrs. Diss.

At the sight of such a handsome military officer of the Norman Empire, the beautiful female clerks inside the store all surrounded him out of curiosity.

"Give me a piece of paper and a pen, then prepare what I will write down!"

They had never imagined that such a handsome military officer of the Norman Empire might want a piece of paper and a pen. Under suspicion, one clerk presented him with what he asked for.

...

When Zhang Tie left the store, he became a god again. All the clerks in the underwear store saw him off out the gate. Although men who could buy underclothes for women were not gods, a man who could buy 85 sets of underclothes at once and able to tell the size and style of each woman's underclothes was definitely a god.

For the first time, Zhang Tie applied his improved memory after the upsurge of his spiritual energy in this place.

The 85 sets of underclothes cost Zhang Tie over 30 gold coins in total. Some sizes and styles were in short, so he would have to come here to get them three days later. Although it was not a great consumption for Zhang Tie, he just wanted to tell those girls who had brought him great happiness that he had borne each one of them in his mind, including their looks and their figures, because they had given him the most important thing they had.

...

After leaving the underclothes shop, Zhang Tie came to a boutique gift shop and a fresh flower shop. After spending 20 more gold coins there, he finally arranged everything so he could leave Blackhot City.

From this evening onward, the "great thing" that a young military officer of the Norman Empire had done in the three stores on Avenue Bright became legends which were always mentioned by the clerks in the three stores to their customers even a few years later.

...

After dealing with these things, Zhang Tie suddenly felt much more relaxed.

Walking through the streets of Blackhot City alone, Zhang Tie thought about Samira.

It was time to deal with that shameless villain. However, the grudge between Samira and him was private. Therefore, he could not find the evidence of Samira's fault on a greater event. Additionally, Samira had found a strong backer - Alchemist Abyan. This made it more difficult for Zhang Tie to deal with him. Even if the ruler of Blackhot City changed, that alchemist called Abyan still enjoyed a far greater status than him, a trivial second lieutenant of the Norman Empire.

If he wanted to deal with Samira, he should not involve that backer. Therefore, he needed to make a good plan...

Without killing Samira, who had offended him and set him up several times, Zhang Tie didn't feel comfortable leaving Blackhot City. If he left that villain who was as vicious as a snake and as crafty as a fox alive in this world, it would be a risk for his family members and himself.

Zhang Tie was determined to kill Samira before he left Blackhot City. It was his first decision to kill a person ever since he was born.

...

He had spent too mcuh time in the three stores. When he walked back to the apartment on Avenue Monet, it was already so late that few pedestrians were still on the road, leaving lamps radiating faint lights in pitch-dark night.

There was already a vehicle and a person waiting outside the gate of Zhang Tie's apartment.

It was a 60-odd man in black swallowtail suit, whose hair was fully gray. Although having stood outside the gate of Zhang Tie's apartment for a long time, he still behaved perfectly.

"I'm Pavano, the butler of Gregory family. On behalf of the Gregory family, I'm very sorry for what happened in the Iron-Thorns Fighting Club today. That innocent kid will not appear there ever again. Here is the sincerity of Gregory family. Hopefully, you'll like it!"

The 60-odd man with pale hair flicked his hand towards his car. Then Mary, who was dressed well, got off the vehicle and came in front of Zhang Tie. She looked more beautiful but paler as well.

At this time, she wore a beautiful and expensive evening dress adorned with crystals that could only be worn when women attended banquets. She seemed like a gift that had been well decorated. However, her look was of one going to the gibbets.

The old man cast a warm eye at Mary, who immediately quivered all over.

"Please... please f*ck me!"

It was really hard to say such a filthy sentence, especially for a girl. After saying this sentence, Mary started crying—this was an 'appointment' that had been made between Zhang Tie and Mary at the beginning.

As for Gregory family, they had 1000 methods to make common girls like Mary to succumb. Zhang Tie had long predicted that. Therefore, he was not surprised by it at all.

Smiling, he told the butler of Gregory family, "I will not care about what happened in the Iron-Thorns Fighting Club today. It was just mischief of a kid..."

"Wish you have a good night!"

After making an elegant bow to Zhang Tie, Pavano left.

This was how big families behaved, Zhang Tie mumbled with a sigh inside.

Facing Zhang Tie alone, not knowing whether it was because of cold or fear, Mary started to shiver all over.

After casting a glance at her, Zhang Tie pulled out a key to open the gate of the apartment building. Mary then also lowered her head and followed him in.

Zhang Tie's residence was filled with a strange smell. The moment Mary entered, she smelled a weird odor, and her face turned paler. That odor was like the smell of blood near the gibbet for her.

Zhang Tie also smelled it. While staying in the residence for the past days, he did not sense it, but now, after going out for a round and coming back, he realized that the whole residence was filled with a lascivious smell.

After entering the parlor, Mary became stiff all over. Hearing the sound of Zhang Tie closing the door, she got scared and quivered once again.

Zhang Tie didn't care about her, neither did he talk to her. Instead, he just did things alone. After taking off his clothes in the bedroom, he went to the washroom to take a bath. It took him ten minutes to finish it. Then he walked out of the washroom in a pair of boxer shorts and bare feet while wiping off the water droplets off his face.

During this period, Mary, in her evening dress, just stood stiffly and nervously in the parlor with alluring shoulders. She slightly quivered.

Zhang Tie took a small cup of fruit liqueur from the gradevin in the parlor before walking over and giving it to her.

"Drink it, you may warm up a bit!"

Mary seemed yo listen to his words for after taking the cup with two hands, she raised up her head and drunk all the liquor, almost choking on it. She then started to cough.

"Take a seat!"

Zhang Tie pointed at the sofa. Mary then sat down there stiffly while bean-sized tears dropped down her brittle looking face. At the beginning, she had never imagined this situation. Even several hours before when she was grabbed away from Zhang Tie by the young master of Gregory family, he was still slightly pleasant.

However, Gregory family's changed attitude towards her made her wake up and understand how innocent she had been. In the eyes of those families of Blackhot City, women like her were nothing different from commodities displayed in the counters of stores on Avenue Bright. For Gregory family, she was even a cheap commodity that nobody would want even with a discount, an item produced by a small plant or a small workshop that was not even qualified to be displayed in official sites.

What happened tonight awakened Mary from her nice dream and made her realize the cruelty of reality.

Zhang Tie found that he really could not stand crying women. Seeing her poor look, his misunderstanding with her due to his personal feelings and vanity quickly dissipated.

After having indulged with the girls of the Rose Association for one week, Zhang Tie found that he had grown a bit more mature, as he seemed to be more compromising to women. Many times he would think about the problem from point of view of the women.

After fully releasing his desires that had been accumulated for many years on a group of girls, he found that many thorny edges inside of him seemed to have been polished by the endless piston movements. Women's tender figures and bodily fluids that he had exchanged with them seemed to also make his inner heart more comfortable.

Several months ago, he was just a miserable ugly duckling. As for Mary who usually looked at those beautiful swans and felt qualified to be one of them, at that time, Zhang Tie truly had nothing to make her respect him by lowering her status to satisfy his dream of sleeping with a beauty.

In the rude mockery of Donder, the badass, "Did you have a big d*ck or what?"

"I also made mistakes in the fighting club, hmm, I was a bit rude to you at that time, so I'll apologize to you about that. Through this incident, we're even!"

Dropping tears, Mary raised her head. She then looked at Zhang Tie with eyes wide-open. When she thought that she would drop into hell, she heard his apology.

Sitting on the opposite sofa, Zhang Tie just gazed at her without teasing.

After taking off the military uniform, he looked just like an innocent youth or a lackey of a gangster.

"You mean... we're even?" Mary asked out of suspicion.

"Yes, I don't know what the Gregory family told you and what trade has been made between you and them, it seemed that you only need to stay here for one night. If it was true, you just do that and leave the next morning. There are two guestrooms over there, you can choose one at your will. I've already told manager Hance, so that they won't find you trouble in the future, so you're free as usual from tomorrow onward..."

"Don... don't... don't you want me?"

Mary was shocked, then changed her wording to express her thought.

Scratching his head, Zhang Tie replied, "Isn't it interesting to do that on the base of our mutual willingness? I feel that the two of us are not on the same page, and I don't like to force others to do anything, neither do I like women feeling sorrow and weeping because of me. Do you want me to want you?"

"Of course not!" Mary instantly denied as her face slightly blushed.

"That's it, go to sleep then. I'm a bit tired these days, so I'll also go to bed now. I won't chat with you anymore! When you go back to your room, remember to turn off the light in the parlor..."

After saying this, Zhang Tie stood up and yawned, then returned to his own bedroom. He habitually locked the door from inside by pressing the button.

Despite hearing the sound of Zhang Tie pressing the button in his bedroom, Mary sat in the parlor for quite awhile. After that, she lowered her head down and looked at her infinitely beautiful figure and the extravagant evening dress. She should have let out a deep breath, however, she didn't know why but she felt dejected...

After eight days' fight, Zhang Tie finally could have a good sleep.

Tonight, he felt that sometimes it was also very comfortable for a man to sleep alone.

On the second day, when Zhang Tie woke up, Mary had already left. He did not know when she'd done that, but he didn't care about it at all. Though on the mirror in the parlor, he saw a line left by that woman using her lipstick.

——Thank you! But I hate you!

"F*ck, is the woman sick?"

Zhang Tie swore inside. He could never understand why that woman would still hate him when he had been so kind to her. F*ck!

After leaving this incident alone, Zhang Tie came into the study room and entered the underground hidden room.

...

Over ten minutes later, he walked out of that underground bar in Avenue Monet in a new set of clothes and a new face. After passing by a short half a block, he got on a trolleybus that went towards the southern downtown. Half an hour later, he appeared in the animal trading market in the south of Blackhot City. Standing on the hill, he looked at that beautiful and magnificent castle-like manor of Master Abyan, which was located beside the lake in the distance.

Zhang Tie spent two silver coins to get news about Samira from a local snake of the market.

In these couple of days, Samira had come to the animal trading market to purchase golden uangs at a very low price. It seemed that Master Abyan wanted to use these mutated golden uangs to make some medicament...



* * *





Disclaimer





There is no guarantee the translation is 100% correct.



* * *



ASIANOVEL.COM wishes to emphasize that this translation is for review purposes only. We do not claim this intellectual property or any rights whatsoever.



* * *



Under no circumstances would you be allowed to take this work for commercial activities or for personal gain. ASIANOVEL.COM does not and will not condone any activities of such, including but not limited to rent, sell, print, auction.





