Table of Contents


Title Page

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

End notes





Michael-Scott Earle





Chapter 1


“Well, that’s the last pile of shit I have to mop up.” I took a long breath of air that no longer smelled like dog feces, leaned my mop against the wall of the Los Angeles County Animal Control kennel, and then raised my hands above my head to stretch. My spine cracked a bit with the effort, and I let out a long sigh as I looked at the clock.

4PM.

It had taken me three hours, but the last of the dog pens were now sparkling clean and devoid of the explosive canine diarrhea that had sprayed across the walls, floors, and ceiling earlier this morning. The offending stray was now quarantined in our vet unit, and all that was left was for me to move the rest of the dogs in from the yard. After they were back, I could tell my boss I was ready to clock out.

Then it would be time to go visit the graves of my parents.

It was twenty-five years ago today that they got married and started their dual veterinary practice. Three years after that, they got hitched, and I was born.

Today was also the two-year anniversary of their death.

“Victor! Why are you lounging around? What is your problem?” my boss’s voice cut through the silence of the clean kennels like nails across a rough chalkboard.

“Hey, Beatrice!” I said as I turned to the stout woman who ran the Animal Control Center. “I just finished cleaning up all the shi-- poop from the floors, walls, and ceiling. I’m about ready to head out.”

“Hmmm.” She glanced around the walls, my mop, the step stool, and finally the ceiling.

Beatrice wasn’t exactly an attractive woman, but what really got me was how mean she was. She never smiled, never laughed, and never seemed to care about the animals we rescued. The woman just wanted slaves that did her bidding, and she’d been put in charge of the center because her uncle was some big shot who donated money to the mayor.

“So… I’ll be heading out now. See you tomorrow?” I grabbed the mop-bucket combo and made as if I was going to leave.

“Nope,” she spat, and I felt my stomach drop.

“What’s up?” I asked as I tried not to wince.

“I need you to put in some overtime today.” She cleared her throat with a frog-like croak and then reached up to pick her nose with her pinky.

“Uhhh, I asked for this afternoon off, remember? It’s my parents’--”

“Look, Victor, you are still the low grunt on the totem pole here. Dispatch just got a call from some richy-rich folks up in Hollywood Hills. I need you to go out and fix their problem.”

“Beatrice, any other day--”

“How many times have I told you to call me Ma’am?” she screeched as she stepped toward me.

“Ohhh, uhh, sorry, Ma’am.” I searched my mind for any recollection of her ever asking me to call her “Ma’am” and couldn’t think of any.

“Dispatch will tell you the address, get going.” She’d snagged a booger from her nose and carefully inspected it before she flicked it away.

“Ma’am, can’t Nicole or Justin get this one?” I asked as I tried to keep my stomach from churning. “I did ask you for this afternoon off. I wanted to visit my parents gra--”

“Are you an idiot?” she asked as she finally looked at me. “Nicole and Justin are on patrol. It sounds like you are disobeying a direct order. If you’d just gotten in the truck and left instead of arguing with me, you’d be done. Now get your ass out of here.”

“Yes, Ma’am,” I said with a heavy sigh.

She gave me a confused look when I handed her my mop, and then I turned and walked out of the kennel, through the office hallways, and out into the parking lot. There was only one truck left in the fleet. It was a fifteen-year-old beast without air conditioning that we all affectionately called “Old Guss”.

On most days, the lack of air conditioning in Southern California wouldn’t have been a big deal, but it was midsummer, and the temperatures were in the mid-nineties.

I hadn’t expected to go on patrol today, so I made a quick trip to my own beat up Honda Civic, grabbed my hat, and then jumped into Old Guss. A few minutes later we were on the road, and I was crawling up the 405 Freeway traffic toward Westwood.

Hollywood Hills was one of the richest areas in the already uber rich suburb of West Hollywood. I’d only been at my job with Animal Control for six months, but the remote location of the community ensured that we got plenty of calls to take care of wild animals or stray pets. Soon I was at the gate of the address dispatch had given me, and I pressed the button on the control panel.

“Hey, this is Victor, from the Los Angeles Animal Control,” I said after the beep.

“Oh, my gosh! We’re so glad you’re here. Hurry around to the side gate at the end of the driveway!” The voice coming from the front gate intercom was feminine, and I could hear other female voices echo from the speaker.

“Sounds good. I’ll head on up,” I said as the massive wrought iron gates opened in front of my truck. As soon as there was enough space for my vehicle to fit through, I pushed the gear shift of Old Guss and crawled up the cobblestone path toward the mansion.

The road up the hill was a bit serpentine, and too narrow for a pair of cars to come across each other, so I concentrated on the half-minute drive instead of rubbernecking up to stare at the residence I drove toward. When I finally made it to the foot of the gimongous home, I put my truck in park and appraised the massive mansion. It was similar to one of those small Tuscan castles that I saw in rich folk wine magazines, and the length of the peach colored stucco building extended way beyond what I could see out my front window. This was my first call in the Hollywood Hills, and I let out a long whistle as I looked at the estate.

Dispatch logged this call as an emergency, but then again, all the calls animal control got were treated that way. It didn’t matter if there was a stray skunk, dead possum, or cat stuck in a tree; when people had problems with animals, they tended to freak out. It was okay though, even though Beatrice was a pain in the ass and I was supposed to have the afternoon off, I loved this part of the job.

Hell, I was kind of like the police, except it was for animals. I even had a badge made out of polished brass, and I gave a quick glance at the LA County shield hanging from my left shirt pocket. Animal control was as close to a real job as I could find with my two-year certificate in animal science. It came with a bad ass uniform and a utility belt with the tools of my trade, but even though I kinda felt like a cop, I had very little of the authority wielded by real law enforcement.

I gave the mansion another appreciative glance, let my imagination run wild a bit about what the inside might’ve looked like, and then reached for my Australian cowboy hat. It wasn’t regulation, so I only wore it at remote job sites. It made me feel like an exotic game warden in the land of Oz.

Even though I wanted to visit my parents’ graves, I enjoyed patrol and service duty. I liked to think of it as another perk of the job. I got to be out of the office, I got to work with animals, I got to be a hero for a few minutes, I got to wear a badge, and I got to wear a cool hat. It all made up for the painfully low pay, terrible boss, and three hours a day I spent cleaning animal shit out of cages.

I’d barely had time to angle my hat how I liked it before someone banged aggressively on my window. I gave out a yelp of surprise and turned to see the faces of three beautiful women. They looked to be about my age, and they all pointed frantically toward the mansion as if there was a fire that needed to be extinguished immediately.

I cracked open my door and was practically yanked the rest of the way out by the young women. They were wearing skimpy swimsuits, and their bodies glistened from a mix of Southern California sunlight, pool water, and suntan lotion.

My mind stopped working for a few seconds.

“Oh, thank God, you’re here. Please, hurry!”

The raven-haired young woman in charge took hold of my hand, and I got a good whiff of her coconut suntan lotion as she pulled me toward her. I had trouble meeting her eyes because she wore a sheer cover-up that allowed me to see how her black one-piece had an open v-cut down past her belly button. A few loops of fabric tried in vain to hold the two sides together, but her shapely breasts wiggled playfully as they attempted to escape from those bonds.

Especially as she jumped and tugged at me.

The cover-up dangled down to her hips as she pulled me along, and it acted as an attention magnet for her shapely thighs, calves, and bare feet. I couldn’t even get a proper look at the other two ladies in those first bountiful moments.

I only knew they wore different colored skin tight bikinis which would be right at home in a Brazilian Carnival parade. I stumbled a bit as they joined the first girl in pulling my arms, and I let them lead me around the side of the mansion.

My brain was still reeling from the unexpected sight of the girls in all their glory, so I had trouble actually processing what they were telling me. I did hear the word “snake” and “Oh my god, the biggest one. Like ever,” but I had a million thoughts going through my head, including one where I’m searching for a hidden camera. This seemed like a potential setup for a cornball skin flick.

We were close to Hollywood after all.

“We’ve been calling pet stores to help us with this thing, but no one came. Not even for lots of money! I’m so glad we found your number,” the dark-haired beauty said as she turned over her shoulder to shoot me a smile. She was one of the prettiest women I’d ever seen, and my body went numb when she squeezed my hand.

“Yeah, the county pays for our services.” I tried feverishly to think of something to add, but I was visually enthralled by the three jiggly women pulling me toward a gate to the backyard. I grew up in Los Angeles, so I’d seen plenty of beautiful women, but most of my house calls were from far less attractive people, and I hadn’t expected to be met by three goddesses in swim suits.

“It’s right out back. You’re such a lifesaver,” the leader said with almost infectious excitement. She stood aside as her friends went through the gate first, and it gave me an opportunity to admire each of their backsides. They had to be wearing bikini bottoms several sizes too small because they basically didn’t exist.

I forced myself to look away from their butts, and my eyes turned to the face of the beautiful dark-haired one that was leading me. The beauty had long, curly black hair and big brown eyes. Her gold hoop earrings practically glowed against her brown skin, and I wondered how expensive they were.

The rest of her face was a mixture of sun-kissed tan, just the right amount of freckles, luscious full lips, and a dimpled smile which almost made me forget how little she was wearing. I realized she looked very familiar, and I wondered if I had seen her on television. Hell, all three of the women could have been actresses, or models, or model-actresses. I really should be watching more TV and playing fewer video games, then I would probably know who she was.

She led me through the gate at the side of the house and pulled me around to the pool area of the mansion after her two companions. I felt the breath leave my body, and despite my stalwart intentions and attempts to stay on task, my brain was gripped by a riptide.

The two girls ahead of us were quickly lost in a sea of beautiful women. It wasn’t just a trio of hotties in distress. There were more. A lot more, and they were all wearing swimsuits as fantastic and revealing as the one holding my hand.

“Over there. Hurry.” The tanned hottie pulled on my hand again, and I let myself be led through a dozen soaking wet girls at the impossible-to-believe pool party. A few were in the water chatting under the bright sun, a couple sat at the edge, but most were lounging alongside the water as if they’d been put there solely for my viewing. This was like a hip hop video, only there were no men to be seen, just twentyish beautiful women scattered haphazardly around the pool.

And they were all staring at me.

I tried to keep my eyes forward and not stare back at them. From their point of view, I’m sure I was probably the nerdy animal control dufus, but my male brain insisted I look at each of them as I walked by.

There was a thin redhead in a green pasta string bikini. My eyes absorbed her white porcelain curves in that instant.

The next girl had her hair in a towel while she stretched on her front on a little sunbathing mat. She watched me with bling-encrusted oversized sunglasses. Her slick shoulders and curved back sent my eyes slipping down toward her pert ass. She had definitely mastered the spoiled movie star look.

Another pair of blonde girls wore bikinis that almost didn’t cover their nipples. They were in the shallow end of the pool splashing each other, and they paused their play so they could wave to me. A redhead was sipping on an iced drink, and the freckles on her face danced down her neck, shoulders, and ended where her toned stomach touched the top part of her tiny bikini bottom.

If I were a Japanese anime character, blood would have already erupted from my nose, and I would have fainted. Fortunately, I was able to kind of fake keeping my cool, and I gave the two splashing Playboy Bunnies a small wave. They giggled and then moved to get out of the pool. It almost looked as if they were going to come meet us, and I felt my pulse quicken.

Someone mentioned my uniform, but I couldn’t hear what was said since my brain and eyes were so over stimulated.

I saw an athletic-looking brunette in a two-piece standing nearby. The bottom wasn’t a bikini, more like boy shorts with multicolored stripes. Her breasts were wrapped by an all-white tube-style top. She’d just gotten out of the pool, and her nipples were clearly visible through the thin white cloth covering her breast.

Hole-eeehhh-shit.

A few more beautiful women blended together in a whirl of exposed skin awesomeness.

Tattoos.

Too-tight bikini tops.

Microscopic bikini bottoms.

Long wet legs.

Lips firmly wrapped around the straws of fruity drinks.

The gleam of sun reflecting from oil slathered bodies.

My mind was going to explode.

“Victor? Is that you?”

A girl stood at the far edge of the pool, which seemed to be the focus of much of the commotion. The spark of recognition struck us at the same moment, and I felt the air leave my lungs with a dizzying explosion.

Of all the girls it could have been. It was Lacey Rogers; high school crush Lacey Rogers. In the flesh. Her bronzed skin was like a permanent tan. Her dark wavy hair was a brush stroke away from perfection and hung near her shoulders; an effect only slightly diminished now that it was wet. Her face was angelic, of course, but it was her eyes that always made my sight go fuzzy. Their rich hazel color was brighter than I could remember seeing on any other girl.

It didn’t seem possible, but she brightened even more when she realized who I was. “Oh my god! Victor! It’s you! You’re working for animal control now?” She ran up to me and planted her towel-wrapped body against my uniform. It was a friendly hug that only lasted a second, but this was already the best assignment of my career.

“You remember me?” I had wanted to sound a bit manlier with my question, but my voice squeaked, and I had to clear my throat. Lacey Rogers. She was the girl of my dreams. We shared several honors classes, and I’d been in love with her since freshman year.

But I’d only talked to her a few times.

“Of course. You always helped me out during biology. Do you remember Katie?” She pointed to the black-haired girl who brought me around through the side gate. My brain was starting to come free of the fog, and I realized that I’d recognized her because of school. She was a California 10 for sure, but my interest had always been in Lacey.

“Oh, yeah. Hi, Katie. Nice to see you again.” My voice was back, but my heart was still hammering in my chest, and my legs were still shaking. There was a crowd of beautiful women around the three of us now, and they were all looking at me.

“Hiya, Victor. I didn’t recognize you at first.” She wiggled her fingers in a dainty little wave, and I studiously avoided her look-at-me cleavage under that cover up. “Where are you going to college?”

“I’m not, well, at least not right now.”

“Why not? You were so smart in class!” Her dimples and bubbly demeanor were hard to resist, despite what she was saying.

Lacey coughed and gave her friend a pointed look. Katie’s perfect mouth opened wide, and then she turned to me with pity plain on her face.

“I heard about your parents,” Lacey said as she adjusted her towel. “Uhh. I know it's been a few years, but I'm sorry about that. I should have--”

“No, it’s okay. It's not your problem, Lacey.” I let out a sigh and tried to keep my eyes from her towel adjusting activities. The wrap was pushing her breasts up and almost out of her swimsuit top. It was a good distraction from thoughts about my parents and the postponed visit to their grave.

“So, where’s the emergency? I’m here to help.” I was proud of myself for being able to string together a sentence with all the surrounding women.

“Oh, it’s over here!” Lacey gently grabbed my hand and led me a few paces to the end of the pool’s sitting area. When I got up next to her, she pointed to a fancy cooler lying upside down in the well-manicured grass a few yards from the pool’s edge. The pillows stacked on it were a nice touch.

I stood thinking of my next move, acutely aware that I was outnumbered at least twenty to one by sexy young women.

Lacey coughed to get my attention as she pointed to the cooler again.

“Snake?” I kind of blurted out the word I thought I had heard Katie say when she first pulled me from the truck.

“Yeah. Some kind of snake. I tipped over the empty cooler and kind of closed my eyes when I did it.” She put her free hand on her hip in a pose I found pouty and cute at the same time, but only for the briefest of seconds. I followed the angle of her tanned arm, her slender wrist, and long fingers with pink painted nails, back to the white and blue cooler.

“That was really smart, Lacey. It’s okay. I got this,” I said as I reached for my catcher’s tool kit. Then I realized I’d left it in the truck because Katie and the other two young women had pulled me to the back of the house in such a hurry.

One of the pool girls behind us remarked, “Just kill it. We can’t walk through the grass if that thing comes back.”

“I don’t need to kill it. I can catch it.” I didn’t want to kill the creature, especially since every hill in the area was crawling with all kinds of snakes, but I recognized the sentiment. Snakes had that effect on most people, not just hot college coeds.

“I’ll be happy if you can get it off my parents’ property,” Lacey amended.

“Yeah. They have a beautiful home,” I said. “Did you live here when we were in high school?” Lacey, Katie, and I had all gone to Fairfax High School. It was close enough to Hollywood Hills, but I didn’t recall Lacey driving a fancy car to school every day.

“Nope, my parent’s business really took off last year, and they bought this.” She waved her hand back at the structure but seemed to reconsider. “I’m sorry, I don’t mean to brag. I know that your parents--”

“Don’t sweat it. It was a long time ago,” I interrupted her. “You said you didn’t know if this was a rattler?”

“No. Well. I didn’t hear a rattle or anything,” Lacey said with a shrug that nearly caused her towel to fall away from her breasts.

While I looked down to the cooler, I realized I’d fallen into a golden opportunity. If it was a friendly snake, I could make a big production of grabbing it and getting it out of their sight. The girls would all be impressed.

I really should go back to my truck and get all my gear. I had snares and big ugly gloves that would safely end Lacey’s problems, but my man brain dialed up an alternative. A much better one. I strode up to the cooler like I knew exactly what I was doing, pulled off the useless pillows, and tipped it slightly to one side so I could see underneath, then let it drop back down.

“Fuck,” I whispered. It was a good-sized rattlesnake. Of course.

I turned to my audience, aware they hadn’t come but a few steps into the grass. Lacey watched me with a serious but hopeful expression. The others were similarly captivated by my proximity to their “emergency.” Their eyes were wide orbs of wonder, and they hung on my every action.

Walking back to the truck would give me a reason to check them all out again, but deep down I felt there would be shame in that journey. It wasn’t what they were waiting to see. Three girls had pulled me from my truck, dragged me into their yard, and demanded action. Twenty-some others, plus Lacey, watched what I did. No, I was going to sack up and do it the old fashioned manly way.

I nodded to them, and their eyes got larger when they realized I was going to handle the creature with my bare hands. I was sure I had a snake bite kit in the truck. Well, pretty sure, but I didn’t really want to run back to Old Guss and sort through all my equipment. I could probably drive to the hospital if it came to that. I just didn’t want this mirage of beautiful women to disappear.

I lifted the cooler ever so slowly and prayed the rattler hadn’t been hurt when Lacey tossed it on him. Then, sack or not, we’d all be running.

It was easy to see my new friend sitting in the grass. His little round eyes regarded me with a menacing glare and some casual flicks of his forked tongue. I ruined his safe space, and I could almost watch his guard amp up. When I knelt to the side of the big gray pile of scales, the rattle started to shake. The terror-inducing noise caused some of the girls to gasp, and my own heart to stutter.

The diamond-backed rattlesnake had coiled itself in several loops in the rear corner under the cooler. When it saw me, it stood up from the middle of that coil and made a low hiss as it wagged its tail. The dark markings near his black eyes made him look like a little bandit.

“It’s okay, Ernie. I’m not gonna hurt you.” The girls couldn’t hear my soft coos.

I felt it helped to name the creatures I’d encountered. Mostly out of boredom, but sometimes, like now, it helped keep me calm. And being calm was the key to everything with animals. That, plus running like hell when it was called for.

I stared into Ernie’s eyes and whispered my request. “Come on little buddy, what do you say we jump in this cooler, I carry you to my truck, and we get you out of Lacey’s nice pool party?”

The man in the animal control video series on catching reptiles would have ripped me a new one if he saw me there. I admit I was going about it all wrong, and not just because I had left the tools in the truck. Catching a snake in the wild was easy when it was spread out and sunning or slowly on the move. Doing it while the thing was bunched up and all snuggly in a defensive pose? Not so easy.

And I couldn’t use any of those fake snake charmer skills. I didn’t have a flute to make it appear to dance. Plus, that was just performance art.

But I’d always been good with animals. My parents had owned a veterinarian clinic, and they came to recognize that I could subdue the most vicious of their patients with just a few easy words and a careful pat or two. It wasn’t like I was the Dog Whisperer or anything, but I did have a knack for getting the creatures to relax easily.

I pretended to reach for Ernie’s face while watching his eyes, and the rattler sunk back with a warning hiss. His fangs came out, and he exploded with a strike at me. I expected his attack, and I yanked my arm to the side a fraction of a second before Ernie could sink those venomous fangs into my flesh.

The girls screamed with fright, and the sound warmed my stupidity-fueled man brain.

My heart jumped in my chest a bit, too, but then it came right back down. Little Ernie wasn’t going to mess with the top dog once he missed his first strike. He began to slither away to the safety of the nearby cooler, but I grabbed his tail just above the rattle as if that was normal procedure for snake removals.

Ernie wasn’t happy about me touching him, and he flung himself from side to side, rattling viciously. The women squealed with amazement again, and I moved quickly to shove the snake into the opening of the cooler.

“That’s alright buddy. Easy. I’ll get you someplace safe. Just relax in here.” My words were soothing whispers, and the snake seemed to calm down as it sought the bottom of the cooler. I used my foot to get the cooler upright, and I carefully pushed the lid shut and sat on it purely for showmanship.

Fuck yeah. That’s how we did it in the Los Angeles County Animal Control.

The women gathered at the edge of the grass all began cheering. Not the polite rich people golf clapping either. They cheered and hugged each other with a mixture of glee and wonder while they looked at me.

This was, quite possibly, the best day of my life.

I turned from the women and saw that Lacey had readjusted her towel while I was busy doing my thing with Ernie. She’d pulled it down her body, so it hugged her hips and draped down to her knees. She wore a strip of cloth across her chest in what could have been the world’s tightest bikini. Her breasts were round, firm, and unconcerned that the shoulder straps dangled to her sides.

I gulped when I took her all in, and the combination of my adrenaline and the women’s excitement made my head swim with testosterone-fueled pleasure.

Lacey was my high school crush. She was the girl I said I was going to ask out dozens of times but always found excuses to avoid following through. Outside of a few study sessions where she and I would talk about math, most of our brief chatting happened as we passed in the halls with our friends. Even then, it was rare that I figured out something to say beyond “See ya in class.” I never got close to pulling the trigger on the big one, asking her out. I wasn’t really popular in high school, nor was I a big jock. I was the guy in the computer club. The guy organizing the study groups. The guy playing video games instead of asking all the pretty girls out. I had never thought I was good enough for Lacey, and she remained just a daydream.

And now she was waving me onto the patio while her friends were egging her on.

“Um, leave the snake there, okay?” She smiled as if we were old friends, and her fingers wrapped around mine. My skin felt warm everywhere, and my mind melted as well.

I was just an animal control guy, but I’d saved all these beauties from a rattler, and they were more than a little excited about my snake taming display. A few girls touched me on the back of the shoulders as I got into the nucleus of their swimsuit hotness. Others hugged me. Others jumped up and down with excitement, and their breasts did astonishing things inside their swimsuits. They were acting like groupies at a rock-and-roll concert, and I had to admit that I loved every second because I felt like the lead singer.

Lacey touched me on the arm above the elbow, and I think it burned. “Can you stick around? I mean, you did save us from that snake and all. Will it be okay in the cooler for a bit? I’d love to hang out with you for the rest of the day. We all would.” Her smile melted my willpower, and the world seemed to start some serious spinning. “You can borrow a pair of my dad’s swim trunks if you’d like. They are gone for the weekend. Can you? Please say yes.”

I thought about the drive back to the station, and then the depressing trip to my parents’ grave. I needed to go visit them, but I knew for sure my parents would want me to stay. I also knew there was a good chance that Beatrice wouldn’t even know I didn’t come back. As soon as 5PM hit, she was out the door without even a wave goodbye.

Besides, no man could have refused Lacey’s puppy dog eyes.

Yes. This was absolutely the best day of my life.

“Yeah. The snake will be okay if I put him somewhere safe. I would love to stay.”

“Really? You won’t get in trouble?” She asked her question sweetly.

“Yeah, I’ll be fine. I’d love to hang out. I was pretty much done with my shift.” Even if Beatrice somehow figured out I came back late with Old Guss, she wouldn’t do anything more than yell at me. Yeah, I could get fired, but I did almost everything around the center, even fixing her computer, so I figured worst case is that I’d get yelled at.

But it would be worth it.

“That’s great Victor! I’m so happy you can hang out with us the rest of the day!” Lacey’s fingers wrapped around my arm, and her towel-wrapped body wiggled into my side. The movement made my head spin, and my blood started to heat up.

Yep. Totally worth it. Even if I did somehow, worst case, get fired.

“Is there a garage or carport or somewhere where I can park?” I asked Lacey as I grabbed Ernie’s cooler. “I need to put him in the truck, but it will get too hot in there if I leave it parked out in your driveway.

“Sure!” Lacey exclaimed as she led me through the small crowd of happy women. “There is a gate on the side of the house by the fountain. It leads to our garages and our courtyard. All the other girls are parked there.”

“Great, thanks.” I said as I grabbed the cooler from the ground when we passed it. My hands were shaking a bit, and I realized that I needed to use the bathroom.

“Can I wash my hands real quick?” I asked after Lacey had led me through the crowd of beautiful women and toward the side of the mansion.

“Sure, Victor. Of course. You can put the cooler over there.” She pointed to a spot in the shade by the rear sliding door of the mansion. “I’ll show you where the bathroom is and then go get you swimming trunks. You can put them on when you get back from moving your truck. I’m so glad you are staying.”

“Thanks, Lacey,” I said, but my smile faded when I followed her into the mansion.

The sliding glass door entered her home in the kitchen, and I suffered the inevitable comparison with my own apartment and, I guess, my life. I didn’t have the granite countertops, central island, industrial oven, and my old fridge didn’t have a television screen in the door.

A couple other girls milled about some food platters on the big table. For once the skimpy swimsuits utterly failed to distract me. I couldn’t believe the insane amount of room they had to stand there and gnosh. The eating area was bigger than my living room.

“Bathroom is that way,” my crush said while pointing to an open doorway just off the kitchen.

“Thanks,” I replied as my attention returned to the lovely young woman. She might have been richer than me, but she had invited me to hang out with her even though she must have guessed that I was broke.

My imagination went into overdrive as I stepped into the bathroom and thought about all the things I would say to Lacey. I’d never been that great with girls, but I felt like I was friendly, and I could always make them smile and laugh if I was given a chance to talk to them.

I pissed in the toilet and then washed my hands in a marble sink that was probably worth more than the truck I drove. As I dried my hands, I happened to catch a conversation from the other side of the wall. For a mansion, the walls were super thin.

“No really?”

“Yeah.”

The reply was Lacey’s voice.

“You were into him?”

“I kind of had a thing for him. Maybe I still do. So what? He’s a nice guy.”

“Well, I wouldn’t date someone who’s a dog catcher. Would you?”

I leaned hard against the wall, but somehow the topic went in a new direction.

“I guess he is kind of cute. In a nerdy kind of way because of the glasses.” I heard a voice say. “Do you want to fuck him tonight?”

I felt my heart slam up into my throat, and I pushed my ear harder against the wall to hear Lacey reply, but there was just a bunch of giggling.

“The thing with the snake was hot. I can’t believe he caught it with his bare hands!” another girl said.

Other voices joined in the conversation, and I realized I needed to pull my ear away from the wall so I could hear them all.

“He did great in high school,” Lacey’s voice said. “Lots of friends. Seems like he hit some bad luck when his parents died. It happened right after we graduated. Actually, I think it was around this time two years ago. So maybe.”

Wait. Did she mean maybe to fucking me? Or was she answering another girl’s question that I hadn’t heard? My mind spun, and I tried to force my heart rate down with some deep breaths. It sounded like their conversation was mostly giggles now, so I decided to exit the bathroom.

“Hey,” I said as I walked back into the kitchen. It was really hard not to seem too eager in front of the group of beautiful women, but I managed to pull it off.

“Oh, shit!” Lacey gasped. “I forgot to get the swim trunks.”

“No problem,” I replied as the other girls in the kitchen smiled at me. “I’ll go put the snake in the truck and come back.”

“Great!” Lacey beamed at me, and then I walked outside as quickly as I could.

There were still plenty of girls out by the pool, and I waved to a few who called my name. Then I grabbed Ernie’s cooler and swaggered out toward the driveway.

Yep. Today was going to be the best day of my life.

Transferring Ernie into one of the holding cages on the truck was as simple as tipping the cooler over while I kept my hands free of the opening. The big rattler came out with a hiss and a shake of his tail, but then I closed the cage and threw a blanket over him. He went quiet almost immediately, then I slammed Old Guss’ tailgate, climbed behind the steering wheel, and looked around the side of the mansion. The entrance to the courtyard parking area must have been off to the right of the drive, and I turned the ignition to bring the old beast to life.

Then I thought of my parents. Their story ended when the California Highway Patrol made a similar, but much smaller driveway to give me the bad news. I shook my head free of the sad memories and then remembered Lacey and her uber-hot friends were waiting for me. It sucked that my parents were dead, and that I was barely scraping by working for animal control, but at least I was about to party with the girl of my dreams all day.

And probably all night.

The truck died as soon as I put it in gear, and I looked down at the steering wheel with confusion.

“What the fuck?” I asked as I turned the key on and off. I guessed the beast was going to die one of these days, but it was slightly embarrassing to have it happen right in front of Lacey’s house. Then again, maybe this was exactly what I needed? Now I had a legitimate reason for Beatrice when she asked me why I didn’t come back to work tonight.

“So weird,” I said to myself as I turned the key again. The engine wasn’t even trying to turn over. It was as if the battery was completely dead.

Then my hat rose slowly off my head like an invisible hand had a hold of it. I looked up to the ceiling of my truck and saw a light coming down. It seemed to push through the fabric of the cabin and shoot into my brain like a white laser.

Then a loud bang led to instant darkness.

Hands were grabbing me, and I felt my feet drag across a smooth floor. I pried open my eyes and then closed them immediately. It was so bright, and my eyes hadn’t adjusted.

Voices were speaking, but I couldn’t understand the language. Then I felt my body lift off the ground before I was slammed down onto something soft.

“Harg!” I grunted as the air left my lungs.

I heard the tang of metal as heavy locks secured my ankles and wrists.

“What? Who are you?” I shouted as I opened my eyes. It was just in time to see four sets of gray hands push something against my skull right where my eye socket was.

Then a small metal claw yanked out my right eyeball.

It felt like someone had shoved a hot poker into my skull.

I screamed and tried to get away, but there were straps on my legs, and I couldn’t move. My glasses were gone, and the light, plus the pain, made it hard to see with only my uninjured left eye. The hands weaved through the white light above me while I screamed, but it seemed as if they were connecting something to the nerves that extended out of my face.

Then everything went black.

I woke up blinking both my eyes to the morning light coming through my apartment window. Shit. That was a horrible nightmare. Maybe the awesome pool party had also been a dream. Figures. I hadn’t thought about Lacey in a long time. I must have seen a girl that reminded me of her yesterday, and the memories caused my subconscious to play “Pool Party Male Fantasy Episode 1.”

“Ahhh. Damn,” I hissed as I reached for my phone on my nightstand. What day was it? Did I have to work today? I was really out of it from that dream.

My hand closed around sand instead of my phone. I gasped, and then I spun my head to take in my surroundings. I was on a beach, and the sound of the soft waves joined a gentle breeze that flowed through the tops of the nearby palm trees. For half a minute, I wondered if I’d remembered the pool party all wrong. Had I stayed there? Did Lacey and I drive over to the beach? Then I remembered my truck stalling. I remembered the strange aliens grabbing me. I remembered them pulling out my eye, but now I could see, so maybe I’d imagined that.

Either way, a quick glance toward the horizon gave me all the clues I needed. I wasn’t on Earth anymore.

Not unless the earth had suddenly gained a second moon.





Chapter 2


The moons caught me off guard, but I felt better when I realized they were almost certainly part of a simulation. Clearly, I wasn’t on a beach in Malibu or the Pacific Palisades, but maybe I’d put on a virtual reality helmet or had been dragged to one of the Hollywood movie lots. I’d seen such pranks on the internet. They must have also tricked me with the eyeball gag, since I could see just fine now, and there was no pain coming from my skull, or bruises on my wrists from the straps.

I was still attempting to make sense of the odd moons and my part in all this when I heard a distant roar. It sounded kind of like the deep resonance of a lion mixed with the shriek of a hawk. Or maybe both animals were shouting at the same time. Whatever it was, I’d never heard anything like it.

My radio was still attached to my shoulder. I keyed it, but I didn’t even hear static. Like it was dead.

“Huh, that’s weird,” I said out loud as I looked at the pristine beach and the azure water of the ocean.

I inhaled deeply to think, and tried to ponder where I was, or how I got here.

The smell of the salt water was familiar. And the crash of the waves sounded so natural. A few birds flitted in the distance. Even the warmth of the sun on my skin seemed correct. If this was one of those fancy VR projectors or an expensive movie set, it was close to perfect. I searched my head for evidence of a VR helmet wrapped around my real-life head but felt nothing. Then I realized I wasn’t wearing my glasses, and I let out a surprised gasp. My vision wasn’t terrible, but it was far from perfect, yet I was somehow able to see the distant trees without my lenses. This was one hell of a simulation.

I struggled to remember the last few minutes I’d spent in Old Guss. Had I made it back to park behind the mansion? I remembered telling Lacey that I was going to stay at her party, and then she went to get me swim trunks. I’d walked out to the truck, got in, and then I remembered being strapped down and someone pulling out my eye.

I reached up and waved my hand in front of my face. I could see perfectly, even off into the distance, and my stomach lurched. Had someone fixed my eyes? I thought about the stoned looking professor guy from the History Channel that had all the “Alien” memes. How could they have done such a crazy thing? I felt a little stupid for thinking I’d been abducted, but the breeze blew across my face again and carried zero sound of a distant car engine, or even exhaust fumes.

Yeah. I definitely wasn’t on Earth.

So maybe aliens?

Someone or something grunted loudly from behind me, and I turned with surprise. An enormous bipedal creature was just twenty feet away and methodically marching across the dry sand toward me.

He was huge. Maybe not Incredible Hulk big, but a little taller, a little slimmer, and a whole lot more alien. His arms were above his ugly head like he was readying himself to crush me. He shouted at me in a language I didn’t understand. All I could see was his unnaturally large mouth and the insane rows of razor sharp teeth. He had the black scales of a lizard, the eyes of a snake, and his pointed snout and mean choppers gave a fair impression of a shark. The rest of his giant frame was wrapped in a tight metallic mesh and draped with numerous hoses and compartments. Maybe it was armor?

He left deep footprints in the wet sand as he lumbered over to me. He was designed to be incredibly threatening. I tried to think of him as a lizard only because that was slightly less scary than a walking shark. Either way, the closer he got the more intimidating he became. Every instinct told me he meant to do me harm, but my legs were frozen in place, and my limbs were numb.

Holy shit this guy was scary.

No one could make up such an odd collection of parts and call it an alien except Hollywood. Nope. Fucking Aliens.

“Uhhh, hi.” I would have rolled my eyes at how stupid I was. Here was a giant alien-lizard-Hulk-shark-man stomping across the beach toward me, but instead of running, I just greeted it.

But my strategy worked.

The monster stopped short and cocked his head to the side like a confused puppy. His armor glistened in the bright sunshine as if he’d recently been in the water, and I couldn’t help but focus on the massive claws at the end of each of his even more massive fingers.

“You speak the language of the Draxxile League?” His arms fell to his sides, but this did nothing to relieve my sense of smallness next to him. Even at six feet I only came up to his breastplate.

“It actually sounds like you are speaking English,” I said, and I finally got one of my feet to take a step backward.

His teeth were what convinced me of my error in trying to classify him as a lizard. No lizard had teeth like his. And the eyes weren’t quite like a snake’s from up close either. They weren’t the endless black in quite the same way as a snake’s eyes are. More like smoky dark marble swirls drifting around a large black center disc that seemed to float above the rest. When he glared at me with both eyes, it was like looking into a deep well of fear and death.

“You, little man, are not a threat.”

I tried not to take it personally. Compared to his eyes, my own might have conveyed about as much fear and aggression at that moment as a Chihuahua chasing his tail.

“Uh, thanks. I guess.” I managed to take another step back, but he made a snorting sound that I read as disdain.

Some water suddenly blew out from behind his teeth, and I had to jump out of his way as he strode past me. The shark-lizard-man continued his walk as if I wasn’t there, and I turned to watch him stride across the shore while my heart tried to slow to a sprinting pace. I marveled at his slight waddle and noted the raised metal fin hanging off the back of his body.

I watched him long enough to see him angle for a thick grove of palms next to the beach, and then he trundled out of view.

“He’s intense.”

I jumped at the gravelly voice and spun yet again. Another man had snuck up behind me. He held my brown leather hat with one hand and casually brushed sand from it with the other.

He was a little shorter than me, but otherwise had two arms, two legs, and was proportioned like any man on the street. But his face was all wrong. His nose was flatter, his mouth kind of folded in from his cheeks without any lips like a monkey. And his eyes were burnt orange in the irises.

“Found this over there,” the almost human-looking man said while using his whole head to point the way he’d come. “Figured it was part of your uniform.”

I reached for my hat and wondered how I’d been so careless with it.

He handed it to me, and I took a moment to get it in place.

“Thanks,” I said with relief when I finally had it how I liked it. I turned back to find him still studying me. Then he seemed to relax and backed off a step so he wasn’t in my space.

The newcomer made fists with his hands and raised his arms to his chest, almost like he was forming the letter X. However, it soon became evident it was intended to be a military salute. “I’m Sergeant Kelg. First Level Protector of Woland’s World.”

“Oh. Sorry, I’m really confused about everything.” I quickly saluted him just like I’d seen in any number of movies, but he held his several moments longer than I did.

“Agreed, this is a strange destination.” He was dressed in military garb. The black and olive drab uniform had linear and angular camouflage strikes, which kind of looked like stained glass. His black hat seemed out of place. It had brims in the front and the back and would have been more appropriate in a teen skate park. A little silver animal pin gleamed in the sunshine as it hung on the front of that lid.

“Last thing I remember is being at Lacey’s house,” I said. It was obvious this ugly dude didn’t intend to hurt me, but my heart was still racing.

Kelg stood at ease. “Is this world called Lacey’s House?”

“No, sorry. It’s just-- do you know where we are?” I asked. “My home world is called Earth. I don’t remember what happened, but now I’m here.”

“Sir. Whatever this planet is named, have you seen the rest of my phalanx come through? I’m quite certain this isn’t the frozen planet I came from but minutes ago. Although, I will say I was quite warm as part of my recreational brothel rotation.”

“Brothel rotation? You mean like girls?” I asked. What the fuck was going on?

Based on his tone I expected him to wink back at me in mirth, but he seemed to have no sense of humor.

“Yes, as that is the reward for achieving victory. We are given brothel rotation. Therefore, I am disappointed to find myself here with you and him.” He motioned to the divots up the beach made by the feet of the shark man. The weird chuffing sound he made might have been laughter, but it was hard to say for sure.

“Tell me about it, I was about to party with a bunch of women myself.” I sighed and glanced around the beach again. “I was at Lacey’s home. I was moving my truck. Were you in a truck? Did you have a terrible dream about, um, getting your eyes ripped out?”

“I—” Kelg didn’t finish his answer because it was interrupted by a nearby commotion.

To my surprise, the giant eight-foot shark-man chose that moment to return. For such a goliath he was surprisingly stealthy. He held three long wooden spears in his mammoth left hand.

Kelg took it in stride. “You expecting trouble?”

“In twenty-five combat tours I’ve been completely unarmed only once. When we arrived here was not your first directive to find weapons to rectify your inadequacy?”

His shark eyes waited for our reply, but neither of us apparently had thought like he did.

He handed one to the Sergeant and looked him over. “Now you are a threat.”

“I don’t suppose you can make a pulse blaster?” Kelg replied as he took the gift.

“No blaster. We must fight with what the battlefield gives us.”

The teeth marks were evident in the tree bark of the spears, and I was in awe of the strength of the shark man’s jaw. And, I had to admit, the quality of his workmanship was also very good. While I was busy chatting with Kelg and trying not to think about the half-baked History Channel Alien Dude, he was in those trees crafting weapons like some kind of super warrior.

The giant held out a spear to me. It was a friendly gesture from such a large man, and I felt my legs stop shaking. If this guy wanted to kill me, he would have done it already. Instead, he’d offered me a weapon and acted more like an ally.

I noted that each of the three of us were dressed in uniforms. A touch of guilt bolted through me as mine wasn’t military, but they didn’t need to know that. I was honored they saw me as one of them, so I reached for the weapon.

“Your hands are soft,” the big shark-man said matter-of-factly.

I deflated like a balloon at his insult, but I took the spear before he changed his mind.

“Yeah, sorry,” I said. “I’m not much of a war--”

“I am Prime Defender Heracula of the Imperial Iron Draxxile League, a three-time champion of the Circle of Oblivion, and I am personally entrusted with all ten thousand of Mistress Iridine’s retinue. What is your name and rank?”

“I’m Vic--Holy shit!” I shouted when a human-looking man stumbled out of the dense jungle at the edge of the beach not fifty feet away, screamed, and then ran toward us.

An animal was attached to his arm.

It was a huge feathery bird, or maybe a strange walking lizard about half as tall as the man. Its long row of teeth had sunk deeply into the guy’s flesh, and big spurts of blood shot onto the victim’s otherwise pristine white pants and matching long-sleeved shirt.

The panicked man saw us just as he stumbled and fell to his knees on the sand. His head shot up to project his plea in our direction between the angry growls of his attacker. “Assist me, comrades!”

I was used to dealing with angry animals, so I wanted to do what I could to help the guy, but I’d never seen any pet bird or lizard eat an arm like the one in front of us. I’d dealt with lizards a few times over the years, but usually, it was a pet iguana that someone abandoned in front of my parent’s clinic. And even the biggest birds I’d seen didn’t have teeth like that. The spear suddenly seemed a lot smaller in my hands.

Sergeant Kelg audibly gasped as the man in white had his arm viciously removed. It came right out of his socket as the lizard thrashed itself against its downed prey. It was the most visceral and shocking thing I’d ever witnessed in person. My stomach tested a heave of disgust, but the fear poured back into my blood again, and it drove out any desire to vomit.

“He’s lost. We should find cover,” Kelg reasoned.

The giant huffed and smashed his feet a few times into the sand, like some kind of sumo shark wrestler. “Only my mistress can order a retreat.”

The fallen man had somehow managed to stay on his knees during the feathered monster’s attack, but the loss of his arm and the fountain of blood were too much for him, so he collapsed forward on the sand. The monster realized its prey had stopped fighting when the body started to twitch, so it dropped the limb from its mouth and lunged for the man’s neck. There was more blood, and the creature let out a squawk of apparent jubilation while it fed. The whole grisly attack happened in mere seconds.

“That’s a fucking dinosaur,” I whispered as if saying the creature’s name too loud might accidentally call it to me.

“It is the enemy,” the hulking shark-lizard-man said with a stoic nod. “As my weaker subordinates, you two must advance and hobble it so that I may survive to finish it off. May the stars of the G-Slack Galactic Combine ever shine upon you.”

“I’d prefer being in my Guards’ Armor with a full mag in my Heavy Battle Hauler, but this beast is small,” Kelg said. “The three of us should be able to take it if we stick together.”

“Uhhh. You sure about that?” I asked as I examined the dinosaur.

It stood primarily on its back two feet, like a smaller version of one of those Velociraptors I’d seen in all the dino movies, complete with the giant clawed toes. The front arms were a bit short, though they still had nasty talons. Feathers grew below each arm and connected to its body to create the appearance of small wings. The rest of the dino was also covered in bird-like feathers, right up to the end of its three-foot tail. Those feathers were a strange mix of greens and reds, though I didn’t think the patches of crimson were supposed to be there.

The red was from all the blood.

“Yes, there is only one,” Kelg replied to my question and leveled his spear.

The green feathered raptor looked right at us and chirped a few times. As if heeding the call of their friend, several more of the little dinosaurs shot out from the jungle’s edge and onto the beach. They looked at us like they’d just arrived at the meat market, and they sprinted toward the corpse of the man butchered by the first dino.

“Nope. No way. I know when to fight and when to retreat.” The sergeant took a few steps, but in the wrong direction. “Let’s get the hell out of here.”

I didn’t want to be the giant’s cannon fodder, but it only took me a few seconds to figure out that these dinosaurs ran way faster than I could. Fighting was our only chance. Running would only turn us into instant prey. I gulped and resolved to at least try to hold my ground alongside the intergalactic shark. I planted my feet, mimicking his earlier moves.

Heracula didn’t budge. “Do not waver. Glory is a gift often bestowed in the final seconds of life.”

There wasn’t much beach between us and the new threat, but the giant next to me must have come to the conclusion I was going to hang with him. He didn’t bother searching for Kelg, but looked down at me and seemed to peer into my soul.

“You choose to join me on the final path. You are not the soft man I thought.” The tangle of teeth bent a little in what I hoped was a smile. “What is your name?”

“Victor,” I answered as I leveled my spear and tried to ignore my brain begging me to run.

Heracula took some exaggerated steps forward. He didn’t turn back to me, but he beckoned me along. “Victor. It is a suitable name for a great warrior. Come Victor, a Prime Defender gains no higher honor than winning a desperate attack. Join me as we slay our foes.”

I was filled with questions in the endless second that followed his instructions. Who were these alien soldiers? Why was I among them? Why were dinosaurs eating that fallen man? And why the hell would someone calling himself Prime Defender want to attack?

The feathery dinos congregated around the downed man in white. Several of them used giant hooked claws on their feet to tear into the guy’s flesh, then they drilled their snouts into the fresh spray of blood. There was nothing anyone could do for him. I think I knew it the moment he stumbled out of the jungle. It was fight or flight for real.

On an alien world.

With an alien ally.

Against fucking dinosaurs.

I followed Heracula for a few insane steps toward the pack of dinos, but we both stopped when one of the new feathered monsters re-oriented on us, sniffed the air, and then ran toward us. We were ready to defend ourselves while the lone dino ran our way, but I think it surprised us both when it jumped almost as high as the big man’s head. He managed to jab his spear with impressive speed and made pretty solid contact with his attacker. The spear went into the exposed belly of the green feathered raptor, but the wood also cracked in two from the impact.

The dino crashed into Heracula and ripped into his flesh with those nasty toe hooks. The big shark-man growled, and the pair fell to the ground locked in mortal combat. As they flailed, the dinosaur’s long tail whipped into me and sent me flying backward. I felt the air leave my lungs when my back smacked against the sand.

I pushed up to my feet, glanced up the beach, and saw two more raptors arrive near the dead man in white. They hovered there a moment as if deciding what to eat, then sprinted over toward Heracula.

“Not fucking good.” I exhaled with fear as the raptors plowed across the sand toward my ally.

The shark-man traded blows with the killing machine as he tried to get to his feet. I really wanted to help him, but by the time I’d grabbed my spear, Heracula had taken a huge gash to the side of his face from one of those hooked claws. He’d dealt his own damage: one of the dino’s arms was severed at the wrist, and the beast was flopping around on the sand while it screeched. Heracula tried to bite the dinosaur on the other arm, but the giant man wasn’t as agile as his opponent, and the injured raptor dashed away with a squawk.

Then the raptor turned and rushed the big warrior again as the two other feathered fuckers arrived to the fight.

“For Mistress Iridine!” the shark-man shouted a second before the raptors leapt onto him.

Heracula managed stay upright and on one knee, but the remainder of his spear was now a harmless stick. He tried to jam the stub of the spear into one of the jumping dinosaurs, but not even the powerful warrior could force it through the creature’s tough feathery skin. The jaws of the dinos never stopped opening and closing, and the hooked claws never stopped ripping. Every piece of exposed flesh was shredded; including those strange hoses. Some were damaged and hissed with purple steam. Others tore open and splashed that purple liquid from side to side. I cringed when one of the dinos planted its jaws right across the giant’s eyes.

I pointed my spear, ready to do my best with it even though I’d never so much as held one before, but there were now three raptor dinosaurs within ten feet of me, and my arms started to shake

The first dinosaur took a pause from ripping into Heracula’s face, and it hung its head low so it could hiss at me. Purple sludge dripped from its fangs and claws. It was blood from the alien shark man, and I knew I was too late to save the guy.

“Fuck me,” I muttered. Time to get out of here.

I was already too scared to move, but that condition was made worse when the hissing bastard took a step my way.

I stood frozen as if its hostile eyes alone had stopped me. I willed myself to disappear. I hoped to convince it I wasn’t a threat. Attacking it with my spear would be a threat. Running would be a threat. My only chance was to do nothing. It wasn’t cowardice to use the only useful weapon left in the arsenal: my brain. And I prayed the dino, and its friends had enough, uh, meat, to not want to bother with me.

The seconds ticked by, but still, it stared at me. I avoided looking at its eyes, thinking my gaze might antagonize it, because lots of animals took that as a challenge to their dominance.

I took a step back and thanked every god in the universe for restoring my movement. The dino seemed to tense but then relaxed a moment later, so I took another slow step.

It dropped its head, so it was almost touching the trembling shark man’s skull. The terrible wound was not a simulation or Hollywood fakery. It was the real shit. This was really happening.

I was on an alien world with a bunch of dinosaurs.

After a few more steps, the blood-drenched raptor went back to munch on the shark soldier with its two friends.

Sorry Heracula. I only knew you for a moment, but you seemed like a good dude. Hope you found glory.

I kept backtracking until I reached the line of trees. The small flock of feathered dinosaurs almost seemed happy as they clawed around in their new treasures. It sickened me to watch, but I couldn’t look away until I was positive I was out of their field of view.

When I was about a second away from calling it good, someone tapped me on the shoulders.

“Fuck! Dude! Don’t do that!” I gasped as I saw the alien monkey-looking man.

“Sorry. We’ve got to get out of here.” Sergeant Kelg sweated profusely, just like me. The heat was unbearable, yes, but I knew part of my perspiration came from fear of having our faces clawed off at any moment.

“I think you’re right. That armored tank of a guy got one swing with one of these chunky spears, and he was dead.” I motioned to the spears we held in our hands.

Kelg nodded, but then his eyes opened wide with surprise, and I realized he was actually looking behind me. I turned and saw at least two of the feathered dinos trotting toward us.

“Shit. Shit. Shit,” I said with a kick-start to my heart rate once more.

I did okay in sports. I could kick a soccer ball. Somewhat throw a football. Swim a lap or two. But I’d never been a great runner. If I had to pick between going for a long run or drilling holes in my fingernails I’d have plugged in the drill. Running just never appealed to me.

Yet, there’s no greater motivator than death to get one foot moving in front of the other. My flight response was already at redline, so I sprinted at a respectable clip through the shaded sandy area where the beach met the jungle. I imagined those claws and teeth were right behind me the whole way.

I surprised myself by passing the sergeant almost immediately. My legs seemed to work faster than his, and his face was covered with sweat in moments.

“Stay together!” he commanded as I got ten yards or so ahead of him.

I would never even think of leaving a man behind. Same as I would never leave injured animals out in the weather. It just wasn’t in my vocabulary. But he couldn’t know my sense of honor. We ran for a few more minutes, and every so often he would repeat his order as if I’d forget it.

“I’m not going to leave you,” I said while breathing heavily. I tried to look behind us, but I didn’t see our pursuers. I did hear their unusual chirps though, and it was enough to convince me that we couldn’t slow down any.

Maybe we could run for the ocean? Could dinosaurs swim? Did sharks exist in this era? I tried to think it through, but the ocean was a great unknown for me that was probably filled with all sorts of crazy monsters. At least on land, I could see the threats.

The area along the edge of the beach was thinned out by the wind and wave action of the water. I motioned so he would run deeper into the thicker part of the jungle away from the sand. I knew it would be slower going, but I’d seen those dinos move. We’d never outrun them on the open ground if they homed in on us.

“Good idea,” the sergeant replied. He wasn’t nearly as winded as me, and I wondered if he was sandbagging his run.

The jungle increased in density as if someone had planted it in a long wall just off the beach. Vines and ivy exploded all around us, and we became snared in it as if it was a net.

“Maybe they’ll get stuck through here, too,” Kelg wondered aloud.

“I wouldn’t count on it!” It was all I had to offer. It was exhausting squirming through the knots of ivy, but it seemed to thin out after a few minutes.

“Oh, thank the Holy Waters,” Kelg said in a quiet voice. “We’ve got something between them and us.”

Not far beyond the wall of ivy, we entered a sprawling field of flat black rocks like an asphalt parking lot broken apart by age. There were still tall trees and a high canopy around us, but the rocks seemed to resist the weeds and dense undergrowth of the surrounding jungle. We sped up the pace by bounding from rock to rock, and I noticed Kelg pick up a bit of distance on me. He seemed to have legs made more for leaping than running.

The chirping noises refused to go away, and we continued to run across the blacktop until Kelg suddenly stopped ahead of me. He held up his hand and raised two of his fingers in a gesture undoubtedly part of his military training.

“Quick, hide here in this crack.” He dropped his arm right next to him and indicated where I should go.

I hopped over and saw the problem right away.

“There’s only room for one,” I whispered. I could lay down end to end in the crack, and the dinosaur would have to walk right on top of me to see me. I saw where he was going with it.

“Trust me. I have a plan,” he replied.

I didn’t have time to think about it. Kelg was the military tactician. I expected his plan would be better than anything I could devise on the fly.

I slid into the long crack and held my breath while on my front side. I tried to forestall the waves of fear pulsing through my muscles. My heart was trying to break free of my chest so it could run away, and my lungs couldn’t seem to get air fast enough.

The sergeant put his hand over his closed mouth in what had to mean “stay quiet.”

As if I was thinking about shouting.

I nodded, and he ran away from my hidey hole. He didn’t go far. I heard him grunt several times, and I almost popped my head up to see what he was doing. He wasn’t screaming, so I didn’t think the dinos had found him.

I lay in that crack for a few minutes before I heard the chirping of the raptors from somewhere very close. All plans of leaving the nook to see what Kelg was working on vanished from my mind, and I tried to burrow myself into the rock.

Another chirp.

Super close by.

I willed myself to become one with the rock.

And then, impossibly loud, Sergeant Kelg started to laugh.

“I’m sorry, friend. You’ve got a warrior’s heart, if not his skill. I will note your contribution in my mission report.”

In my head, I yelled at him to be quiet, but it was only after I absorbed the words did I realize he was talking to me.

“I’ve never failed a mission. Today my goal is to stay alive. Your death will serve that end. So, if you’ll do me a favor and pop your head up, the creatures can feast upon you, and I can slip away unnoticed as you did with big ugly. My phalanx will hone in on my beacon and rescue me from this jungle world. Until then, all I have to do is find somewhere safe and stay alive.”

A branch or something fell close to my hiding place.

“It’s nothing personal. I wish I could have seen Lacey’s Home. You sincerely seem to miss it, but the code of the First Level Protector demands I survive at all costs.”

Another big piece of wood landed next to me and spun near the crack. If that didn’t get the dino’s attention, nothing would.

“It’s right next to you. Just stick your head up, and we can get this over with.” His chuffing laugh was now toxic to me.

I wanted to tell the snot-nosed mother fucker where he could shove his stick, but I hadn’t been found yet. I gripped my spear, ready for a final battle, and hoped I could get that one hit like Heracula had landed.

“It’s a good thing you can’t climb, you stupid feather lizard. Because I—”

There was a moment of silence.

I heard him say a word that might have been “Big plopper.” Then sergeant Kelg screamed. His voice suggested he was falling, and a moment later I heard a loud impact confirming my belief.

“Help me!” the alien man croaked, and I did peek out the lip of the crevice.

The dinosaurs were right there, just as he’d said. One of them must have climbed to his low perch and pulled him down. I cringed as I heard claws click on the rocks, and then I stifled my fear when I heard teeth tear into the other man’s flesh. It was all eerily similar to the last moments of the other two alien soldiers.

Now they’d gotten three of us.

I peeked my head over the rock and was almost slapped by a dinosaur tail. It only took one quick glance to see Kelg’s body. His fiery orange eyes were lifeless and stared right at me. Heracula would definitely say the asshole sergeant failed to find glory in his last seconds. Kelg’s head rocked from side to side as the hungry predators took bites from the exposed torso of their prize. Blood spattered across the rocks, and the dinosaurs let out noises that sounded like Southern California dove hoots.

They seemed occupied with the corpse of Kelg, but I knew they would find me hiding right next to them as soon as they were done feasting. I thought through my options and decided that my only hope was putting as much distance as I could between myself and the two feathery raptors.

There was nothing to be gained by waiting, so I hopped up out of my hole, tiptoed for a few moments, and then ran for it. The raptors had their back to me, but I had no idea if they’d turn around to give chase. I blazed across the remainder of the fake blacktop area; sure they were going to strike me down at any moment. It felt like an eternity, but a minute later I had returned to the mercifully dense jungle.

Somewhere behind me, the raptors gorged on the other man’s body.

I prayed that they wouldn’t follow me.





Chapter 3


I ran for a long time before my adrenaline finally burned off. I was left wheezing from exertion at the edge of a small and surprisingly happy-looking creek. My brain begged me to keep going, but my lungs, heart, and legs told my brain to fuck off. They were the ones doing all the work.

I dropped my spear, hunched over my knees, and forced myself to take a break. The forest was alive with buzzing, squeaking, howling, and tweeting, but the one sound I feared inside the larger symphony of noise was nowhere to be found. The distinct chirping of those feathery raptors had been left far behind.

The creek tumbled over little rocky ledges from somewhere above and continued down pretty much in the direction I’d come from. The undergrowth was so thick I could only see the six or eight feet to the opposite bank and maybe fifty yards in either direction. The sweat of running combined with the relentless humidity of the jungle made my shirt and pants cling to me as if they were afraid of the dinosaurs too. A soak in the creek and a long, cool drink of that water were exactly what I needed.

But Beatrice’s screechy voice cautioned me. “Are you fucking stupid, kid? Didn’t they teach you nuthin’ at that fancy college? You can’t drink water on the ground. It’s got cow shit in it.”

She never listened to me when I tried to explain my community college was anything but fancy. But more to the point she never explained where all these cows were coming from and why they chose random streams as their toilets. I’d only seen a few cows in all my years at Mom and Dad’s clinic, and those were from wealthy people’s hobby farms.

I stared at the playful splashing of the clear water as it entered a little pool nearby. But cows and their bathroom habits were in my head now.

“Damn you, Beatrice,” I whispered. There undoubtedly were bacteria and parasites in the water, and it was probably in my best interest not to drink it.

As a compromise, I set my outback hat on a rock and dunked my head in the creek to cool off. It was surprisingly warm, like bathtub water. Still, it was cooler than my skin, and I did my best to just enjoy the refreshing feel.

I tried to look at my reflection in the water, but there were too many ripples across the surface of the creek. Maybe my face or eyes held some clue about what was happening to me, but something howled from the jungle downstream and cut off any thoughts of such research.

I grabbed my hat, slapped it on with a wet smack, and started up the stream bed. It was a sort of road through the impenetrable jungle. There were fewer tangles of vines and brush to hop through, and it instantly became a kind of landmark on my mental map. My dad was one of those guys who always liked to know where he was going. I did as well, but I had no way of knowing the best direction to go in this crazy alien world.

As I stumbled up the creek, I thought of everything but my parents and my missed visit with them. Exhaustion made that a lot easier.

Had I really been abducted by aliens and dropped on this world? Why? And why me?

A lifetime of playing video games, reading comic books, and watching videos of people playing video games and talking about comics should have given me some insight on what was happening to me, but it didn’t.

It wasn’t virtual reality. That had been grasping at straws from the beginning. It isn’t like there’s a simulation where your whole body can be inside the fake world. VR was crazy, but the idea of being captured by aliens seemed even more insane.

A coma? A disease? Terrorist attack? Was there some kind of threat reported on the television I’d missed? I never paid attention to the news.

Maybe it was time travel?

I chewed on that as I hopped up on a big rock next to the flowing water of the creek. I’d been walking for many minutes and was getting higher on the hillside, but I still couldn’t see anything below me besides more jungle. Maybe if I could see more of my surroundings, I could figure things out.

But time travel did make some sense. It would explain the dinosaurs, certainly, and the jungle had big ferns and funny looking trees I didn't remember ever seeing in the LA suburbs or the hills above them. And maybe the beach was actually Venice from 65 million years ago.

However, it didn’t explain the three strange-looking soldier-aliens or the second moon, so I threw out the time travel idea and went back to what I had first thought: The only other explanation was that I’d been abducted by aliens and deposited here. I wasn’t ready to declare “case closed,” but I still didn’t know the who, what, where, and whys of the situation.

I kicked around ideas about my abductors, but I was too tired to concentrate on them further. I needed to get to somewhere safe first, and then I could collect my thoughts and try to puzzle through my predicament.

Time had no meaning as I walked. I wore a watch on my wrist, but for the hundredth time, I checked it to confirm that the LCD numbers were still missing. It was quite old, so it wasn’t a huge shock the thing was dead. Watches always went out at the wrong time.

I guess I’d been slogging through the creek for an hour when I thought I heard those chirping monsters that killed Kelg. They cut through the ambient noise of the loud jungle like a scythe, and my heart jumped into my throat.

In moments I was fast-walking up the debris and rock-strewn little channel, but insta-stopped when a gigantic spider web wrapped around my face like a death mask.

Motion caught my eye to my left. A dinner-plate sized black and yellow spider hopped along its web to check me out. Its body was maybe twice the size of my thumb, but the long legs could probably wrap completely around my hand. And its two fangs had to be twice as lethal if this was the dinosaur age.

I didn’t hate spiders like lots of people did, but I still yelped and flung myself backward, slipping and falling on the wet rocks.

The spider hovered at the edge of the rip I’d caused in its home, and we both regarded each other. The web was a gigantic snare crossing the entire width of the creek. A ten-foot circle of perfect golden silk glowed in the sunlight.

I scrambled to my feet and ran my fingers over my face, neck, and ears in a moment of panic. I had an irrational urge to swing my spear and tear the whole web down, but it passed once I’d brushed the webbing off my face.

The spider still sat there watching me.

“Ugh.” It was gross for sure, but less so knowing the spider wasn’t crawling through my hair or down my shirt.

“Sorry, friend. Just passing through.”

Did spiders live in the time of dinosaurs? I couldn’t remember learning about them in my “fancy” college, but I figured the lesson was right in front of me. At least one did.

I trudged through the weedy undergrowth around the web and got back to the creek once I was clear. The spider still hadn’t moved, and it looked even bigger seeing it from its underside.

I slipped and fell again moments after turning back upstream, but I got to my feet as fast as I could. The water called to me as fervently as had Lacey’s bikini top, but I fought to keep my eyes from drinking from that dangerous well.

Sometime later I reached a small, mostly flat clearing of tall ferns next to the creek. It looked like an excellent place to collapse and rest, but the second I stepped into the greenery an explosion of blue feathers surrounded me.

“Fuck!”

I stumbled again but kept my feet as numerous small bird-like animals came out of the grass. Somehow they’d stayed hidden until I walked up to them.

They were about as tall as my work boot, vibrant blue like bluebirds, but shaped more like roadrunners. They ran and hopped and cackled loudly as they scattered. Their long blue tails flashed a white underside to them as they scurried away.

I laughed when I saw they were harmless. It was more of a maniacal giggle given my extreme thirst. These were the first animals I’d seen since arriving that didn’t appear to want to eat me.

“Beep, beep,” I said while thinking of the Roadrunner cartoons, which triggered more laughter.

I waved my hand in their direction to further chase off the stragglers, then took a seat at the grassy edge nearest the water. Chirps or no chirps in the distance, I had to take a break.

Once I was off my feet, I used my hat to fan myself and soon got lost in daydreaming and mindless staring. I may have drifted off or just zoned out until my extreme thirst snapped me back to reality. The sun was definitely getting dimmer compared to earlier in the day, so I estimated lots of time slipped by since I sat down.

“Nice. Kill yourself by daydreaming,” I said, but I didn’t bother to answer myself.

My hat must have slipped from my fingers at some point, and I reached down to grab it, but one of the little bird-things had hopped inside and squatted there like it was a nest.

I gave it a stern look. “Seriously? You have the whole jungle, and you have to sit there?”

It cocked its head like it was listening to me while those beady black eyes seemingly comprehended my words.

It was a very pretty animal, but I tipped my hat to dump it out.

“Shoo! Go play with your friends. I’m doing serious stuff here,” I said to the little dinosaur as I flailed my hat at it, then I checked it for bird poop before I put it on.

The little blue feathered bird was still next to me, and he gave a little chirp when I stood.

“Can’t take a hint, huh?” I asked, and he turned his head sideways like a confused dog.

I waved my arms and made my best impression of a sasquatch, and the little guy turned to flee into the thick forest. I chuckled as he disappeared into the brush.

“Adios,” I said quietly and then got moving.

Without thinking, I walked downstream for a full minute before I remembered I was supposed to be going up to the top of the hill so I could get my bearing.

I sighed heavily, but before I turned back around I saw something run across the creek down below. It was a yellow and black streak, but it wasn’t that big spider. It was about human-sized and clambered across the big rocks on all fours. By the time I’d focused my eyes on the shape it had disappeared, and I wondered if the movement had been a dehydration illusion.

I tilted my head back as I leaned against my spear and looked to the blue sky peeking through the high jungle canopy.

“Does everything want to kill me here?” I whispered to the heavens.

The animal I saw looked like a cheetah, but that was impossible. I studied cats a lot, including the big cats. And not just in college, but afterward too, because I was intrigued by them. My parent’s clinic often dealt in exotic pets and the like. Cats most definitely didn’t exist at the same time as dinosaurs.

I turned around and trotted up the creek as best I could. In the whole universe of things that could kill me in the age of dinosaurs, a cheetah almost didn’t register on the threat matrix. I had to treat it just like those chirping dinos and continue to run away.

I made it a good ways up the creek before I was sure the day was ending. Without my watch, there was no way of knowing how to gauge time, but I was pretty sure the earth would have had the same day and night cycles in the past. It was evening now, but the jungle was still oppressively hot, and my vision swam like the water of the creek near where I walked.

Some snippet of one of my lessons, or maybe a training video, reminded me that some animals tended to get active in the evening and at night. I felt like I’d been wrung out and stretched thin on a clothesline already, but the real action of the day was possibly still ahead of me. I’d never survive a night out in the open, so I had to find cover.

I scanned in all directions and saw nothing but trees, vines, ferns, and the occasional wet rock. I wished I’d watched all those survival shows because I probably would have known exactly what I should have been doing at that moment.

The only direction somewhat safe was up.

I wet my lips with the little moisture left in my mouth as I considered the energy required to climb a tree.

Then I glanced longingly at the flowing water next to me.

“Cow shit!” Beatrice’s voice reminded me.

I shook my head and debated drinking again. I couldn’t recall a time when I had ever been thirstier, but a drink from the creek now might mean a more painful death in a day when the parasites ripped through my stomach.

I searched for a few minutes before finding the tree I needed. Thick vines had grown with the tree, and it almost looked like a barbershop swirl of growth was wrapped around it. I gave one last look to the creek, almost changed my mind about drinking, and then dug my fingers into the vines.

The fifty-foot climb wasn’t as bad as I feared. My arms weren’t nearly as tired as my legs, and I managed to get well into the highest branches before I judged I was high enough to avoid any trouble from below. Kelg got himself killed because he chose too low a branch.

Or so I hoped. If dinosaurs could climb to the tops of every tree, I was a dead man.

I tried to stay on my task, but I noticed some small windows of open air where I could see beyond my immediate patch of jungle hell. I reached one that was more open than the others, and I glanced through the leaves with the small shred of hope I’d see a city or maybe a magic portal ready to take me back home.

“I’ll be damned,” I said through clenched teeth. My improved eyes made it easy to see to the edge of the ocean on the horizon. There in front of me was a distant island well beyond the beach where I’d first arrived.

“I hope I’m looking at Catalina Island.” The distant island was sometimes visible from the hill country above Los Angeles. Though my view was hampered by leaves and a strangely jungle-like environment, it sure looked like it was about the same distance from shore. If that was Catalina, then maybe I’d been sent back in time instead of taken to some alien world.

I was pretty sure it was Catalina.

Mostly sure.

But then I noticed that the Santa Monica Mountains weren’t where I thought they should be. Maybe I’d been teleported more south? The range should have been on the north side of the coast, but the land there looked flat.

I sat back against the trunk of the tree while straddling the branch.

Nope. There was no question anymore. Maybe there should have never been. Even though the sun was setting beyond the ocean to the west, I wasn’t back home.

I was on another world for sure.

A distant roar resonated in my chest even though it had to be miles away. A few return calls came from another direction. I could only imagine what dinosaurs were making that racket or what they were saying.

“Fresh meat,” I said, thinking of myself and my dead companions.

I’d left my spear safely stowed on a branch lower to the ground. It became too tedious to climb with it since it tended to get caught up in the branches. However, I did have my hat. I took it off and intended to hang it from a little knob in the bark so I could stay cool. I reached for it--

I fell.

I don’t know how it happened. I just leaned over to hook the loop of my hat to that spot, and in the following second, I was sprawled over the next branch five feet below me. It punched all the air from my lungs, and I hung there for half a minute before I could breathe again.

I was four or five stories off the ground, and I’d almost killed myself because of a hat.

But it was my dad’s old hat.

I could think of a couple movies where people slept in trees, but I suddenly wanted nothing to do with one. Even if I somehow secured myself, I was sure I would manage to tumble out if or when I fell asleep.

I stood on the branch, sheepishly grabbed my hat, and began back down the vines.

I had plenty of time to consider where I would go next. The only somewhat safe spot would be a cave of some kind. That’s what I needed to find before nightfall.

The creek was still the fastest way to travel through the dense foliage, so I went immediately for the water. My thirst was so intense I almost broke down and ignored the rules of drinking. It occurred to me that there probably weren’t any cows up the creek, but there were almost certainly dinosaurs. In my dreary haze, I imagined microscopic dinosaurs chomping at me from inside drops of water.

Item ten million on the “cause of death” list, but I was going to have to either find a way out of this place or figure out how to boil some water by tomorrow. I supposed I was still thinking that I would get rescued, or that someone would tell me this was nothing more than an elaborate joke.

Even though I knew this was real, and I was stuck on this alien planet.

In those minutes before darkness fell I knew I heard those chirps. Not close, but not far, either. They were out there.

And I felt, rather than saw, the eyes of that cheetah on me. It really seemed like it was stalking me, too. I willed it to go fight the dinosaurs. Or maybe it was a paranoid fright. Or maybe I didn’t care anymore. I was so tired and thirsty.

“Shoo! Cheetah.” I giggled softly. I was babbling to myself, and I knew that it was the side effect of my dehydration. I was going to have to drink from the creek tomorrow.

The rainforest really came alive as the darkness draped itself over the already-hostile jungle. Rather than soothe, it seemed to aggravate the chaos. I tripped over giant centipedes. I ran around martial lines of peanut-sized ants. And all manner of oversized insects crawled on the edges of my tunnel vision.

Things jumped through the trees.

Feet clomped through the nearby brush.

The chatter of bigger beasts struck the jungle near and far like thunder and lightning in a pop-up thunderstorm.

And then I found what I was looking for.

A little to the left of the creek and slightly uphill there was a black tunnel drilled into a rough patch of reddish soil. If I was back home, I might think a badger or fox had made it. A really big badger or fox. Who knows? Maybe those were here, too. More threats to avoid. But it was almost the right size for me.

I stuck my spear in there and didn’t make contact with a living creature.

“Bingo!” I exclaimed as quietly as I could.

I used my spear to clear away the edges and made it just wide enough for me to slither inside on my belly. It was dry on the inside, and the previous owner had cleared out a little burrow that was only a bit wider than my body. It was like being zipped into a dirt sleeping bag and forced to share it with worms and other slithering bugs.

It took me about sixty seconds to situate myself how I wanted so I had my thick boots at the opening. I figured they’d be the least appetizing part of me if something found me and wanted a taste.

When I finished excavating, I realized it wasn’t comfortable at all, but I didn’t care. I fell asleep the instant I stopped moving.

I had terrible dreams. I often did. I ran from police sirens, but they always found me. Sometimes I was caught at the doorstep of my parent’s home. Sometimes it was in their clinic. A few times it was at the scene of their car wreck, but they always caught me.

This time they caught me by biting my leg.

“What the fuck?” I shouted.

I was trapped in a coffin.

No, I was in a hole in the ground. Not a grave.

Something nipped at my leg just above the leather upper of my boot, and I screeched as I kicked my feet. I tried to wiggle my way out of my protective hole, got turned around, found my spear, and then sprang out of the hole with the weapon in my hands.

It was daylight again, and I gasped with relief when I saw that my attacker was just one of those little blue roadrunner birds. It cocked its head in exactly the same way as the one that had been in my hat.

I must have looked crazy pointing my spear at it, but I took a moment to study my surroundings. The jungle was back to its normal level of background noise, and I guessed the sun was pretty much above me again. I’d slept all night and well into the next day.

“You following me?” I spoke quietly because I was sure there were bigger threats just beyond earshot.

It simply waited there with its head all funny. It really did look like a roadrunner, or even one of those chocobo birds from the video games. It even stood like one. It was as if the long feathery tail acted as a counterbalance to its body and bird-like head.

“So what the hell are you?” As an animal lover, I liked to encounter new ones. You’d think working at an animal clinic would help with that, and it did a little, but 99% of our cases were dogs and cats. There weren’t a lot of pet owners willing to pony up money to care for their exotic tree frogs or imported lizards. And interesting birds were just as rare. Most were macaws or parakeets.

This little guy defied classification. It had the head of a bird. Tiny front arms and talons attached to the edges of small wings. Vicious-looking claws on its feet, the long feathery tail of a roadrunner, and its plumage was blue like a bluebird. Judging by the small wings I didn’t think it could fly, but I wasn’t sure if a real roadrunner could, either.

Come to think of it, the blue bird was a pint-sized version of the velociraptor, which made me recoil a bit, even though he looked overly friendly.

“Are you going to decide to eat me?” I chuckled at it.

My blue friend looked at me with curiosity, then it raised its little wings, spun on its heels, and ran into the jungle.

“Whatever you are, you’re weird.”

The instant that distraction disappeared I remembered I was parched. I couldn’t even wet my lips anymore, and they felt like sandpaper.

“Beatrice, I have to do it.” I looked at the flowing water.

I was very unsteady walking the few feet to the edge of the creek, but I was so close. I stood on a flat rock right at the water’s edge.

“I’m going to do it,” I said again since my voice had come out as a whisper the first time.

I felt eyes on me once again, and I froze there and surveyed the jungle as best I could from on top that rock. Distant roars and barking chirps suddenly seemed remote threats. Whatever was watching me was very close.

I don’t know how far I went the previous night, but the downstream side was particularly dense with trees. Upstream, was much more open, so that’s where I wanted to go.

Instead of indulging my urge to drink, I forced my way toward the brighter open area up the creek. As I got near, I almost cheered when I saw what looked like a clearing and waterfall above me. I had to scale a small rocky cliffside next to the tumbling waterfall. When I popped my head over the top edge, I almost cried with joy.

It was a large pond. Probably the size of a couple of football fields put next to each other. And most importantly it looked blue, clear, undisturbed, and safe.

The water looked heavenly. Nearest to me were some reeds and big lily pads, but the rest of the lake was pretty open and clear. Animals had long ago crushed and destroyed all vegetation on the outer rim of the lake. A sign this was a well-used watering hole.

I got to my feet and experienced a head rush.

“Think. Before you drink.” Beatrice’s voice was calm but distant.

“Screw you, Beatrice. I’m drinking,” I replied as I took a hesitant step toward the water.

I looked over the cliff back into the dark jungle. The feeling of being watched was with me again, but being in the open air of the lake gave me a new sense of security. I’d at least see the threat coming because there were no trees along the shore.

I walked through some of the reeds near where the lake met the waterfall but was soon clear of any obstructions between me and open water. A fist-sized mosquito-looking creature buzzed past me and was then followed by something that looked like a dragonfly. The blood-sucker gave me one more idea for a potential cause of death: malaria.

I shut it out. My entire being was focused on the water.

I knew enough not to jump in. I probably wouldn’t have done that even back at home. I always had an aversion to deep water. Probably from playing too many video games or watching horror movies. There’s always something lurking below, even in suburban storm ponds.

I got on my knees, threw aside my hat and spear, and looked at the water gently lapping against the bank below me.

“Here goes nothing.”

I stuck my head all the way in. When I came back up, I wiped my face, savoring the relative coolness of the sun-warmed water. Then I got down to the serious business of drinking. I did think of cows and dinosaurs and what they could have done in this watering hole, but I didn’t care. I’d be dead by sunset if I didn’t get hydrated.

I sucked down the water as if I would never get a chance to drink again, but I pulled up seconds later because my stomach was about to pop.

I sat there for a long while savoring the best tasting water I’d ever had. I didn’t care if it was tepid and a bit murky near the shore where I drank. I pretended there were no germs, whatsoever, and that I’d be just fine.

Then my stomach started to feel a little nauseous, and I figured I had drank too much too quickly. I groaned with annoyance, but then I noticed the water shift in front of me. It started to rise up in one spot. It kind of looked like a log was in the water, or it looked like a bunch of rocks in the shape of a log.

It actually looked like the head of a massive crocodile.

“Fuck me!” I slide-scooted up the bank and slipped on the mud like I was in one of those awful slasher flicks.

I saw the teeth first. The gigantic snout was bristling with grimy white mountains of ivory. It wasn’t one knife coming at me, but hundreds of them in a row that just wouldn’t end. At the top of the snout were the malevolent eyes. Though they were underwater, I knew they were singularly focused on me.

I continued up the slope on my butt as the creature exploded from below the surface and threw itself at me on the shore. I didn’t even know how big it was because most of it remained in the water. The head was gigantic, and I could probably lie down comfortably in its maw. It had missed me on its first lunge and then it kind of waited at the water’s edge as if debating if I was worth more effort.

By some miracle, I managed to get a hand on my spear, though it felt like it had shrunk by half in the face of the record-breaking huge crocodile coming for me.

I continued scooting backward.

The croc called out, unlike anything I’d ever heard. It had a deep mechanical-sounding bellow, kind of like a souped-up hot rod engine left on idle. I felt it in my lungs, and I shook despite the heat. Its nostrils flared, and the top half of its jaw lifted a little when it roared.

It was like a hot rod driver was stomping on the gas, and every muscle in my body seized up with terror as the monster shot all the way out of the water and raced toward me.

He was about the size of Old Guss.

The best I could with my spear under extreme pressure was kind of toss it in the direction of the monster. My throw missed, and the giant dino-crocodile raced up the slippery bank without even noticing my counterattack.

I figured I was going to die. I recoiled and shielded my head in what was going to be a futile final act, but I caught motion from my right. Some kind of animal slammed into the side of the croc’s head and diverted it away from me.

I had a precious few seconds and took advantage by continuing to scramble back to the safety of the treeline a dozen feet behind me.

In that time the new attacker had repeatedly stabbed the thing’s left eye until it was a pulpy mess. My savior was a woman with a mane of long blonde hair, and she fell over as the lizard’s maw snapped at her.

The oversized crocodile emerged fully from the water, and I could see its impressive length. It would fit inside the back of a tractor trailer, but wouldn’t have much room to spare. The monster had a patchwork of brown, green, and yellow scales all over its back. As all thirty feet of the behemoth chased the woman into the reeds, I got to see how it kind of blended into them.

Though I was covered in mud and highly delirious from my lack of water, I ran to grab my weapon. I wanted to help the woman, but just as I got to my feet on the slippery shore, the angry croc roared and came back out of the reeds. The warrior woman screamed furiously while she rode the monster’s back, and she worked her spear like a butter churn into the head of the gigantic lizard.

I fully expected it to roll over to throw her off, but it simply wiggled itself my way and tried to escape into the open water.

Even in those five seconds, the woman, who looked as if she dressed like a cheetah, pumped that spear deeper and deeper into the brainpan. She let out a scream each time she slammed down with her javelin, and each of her strikes was rewarded with a spray of bright crimson blood.

A few feet before the monster reached the pond, it sank to the sand on the shore, and then slid a little down the mud bank with a melancholy groan.

Then it rested in silence with one scaled front foot in the water.

I could barely stand, despite the adrenaline rush, but managed to keep myself upright long enough to watch her yank the spear from her kill, swish it in the water, and then dismount onto the bank in front of me. She turned toward me, and I felt my heart threaten to slam through the ribs in my chest.

My savior wasn’t wearing much for clothes, just a small piece of colorless cloth tied around her hips. It looked as if the garment might have once been a bikini bottom, but it was torn and ripped in over a dozen places, and it was one tug away from disintegrating. She had the physique of one of those fitness models found on health magazine covers. She rocked a lean body with just the right amount of muscles, washboard abs, feminine arms, and breasts that looked almost fake since they were so perfectly proportioned. She had another thin piece of gray cloth tied around her chest, and her nipples pushed against the soft material with a distracting urgency.

She partly turned around to look at her kill, giving me another chance to gawk and try to classify her. She wasn’t human, but her frame was pretty much a duplicate of one.

My savior seemed to be some kind of cat-woman.

A super thin coat of blonde fur came out of her skin and poked through the holes of her two raggedy bits of clothing. The fur looked soft and luxurious, but she had thicker patches of dark fur on her shoulders and forearms. It was only blemished by the mud and grime she’d picked up from fighting the croc. As I looked at the spear she used, I noticed that her fingers ended in cat-like claws. Her hair was almost like a horse’s mane. It was a bit lighter hue of blonde than her fur, and it came down past her tight butt with a heavy wave.

I knew cats. The woman was as far from a cheetah as I was from a tabby, but the fur and spots on her shoulders gave me that impression. I was absolutely sure she’d been following me, and I wondered if she intended to kill me now.

I could think of a lot worse ways to die.

I got one last look at her taut ass before she turned to study me. Her face was a heart shape and as beautiful as the rest of her body. Her facial features were almost human, except that her eyes were big, golden, and had an elliptical iris. She also had the light coat of fur on her face, but somehow it made her look even more attractive.

“You are welcome,” she said with a nod, but I was still a bit dumbfounded by how good looking she was, the giant crocodile that had almost eaten me, and how efficiently she’d killed the beast.

“You do not speak?” she asked, and her perfect lips frowned with disappointment. She breathed with a little exertion from her fight.

“Oh, I’m sorry. Yeah, I can speak. Thank you,” I said as I gestured to the now dead crocodile and tried to pretend that my legs weren’t trembling.

“We have a camp,” she said. Her frown had left when I spoke, but she wasn’t exactly smiling.

“A camp?” I asked like an idiot. Damn, she was all sorts of distracting. Her voice was husky and had a strange accent that sounded almost Australian, but yet not.

“Hmmm,” she kind of growled as she studied me. I may have been dehydrated, and she may have been an alien cat-woman, but it seemed that she was starting to think I was an idiot.

“Uhhh, I would like to go with you. To your camp. Yes.” My words probably weren’t helping her think I was intelligent, but my head was really starting to spin again. “Wait, you said ‘we’? Are there more of you?”

“Yes. I have two female companions. We are camped in a cave a mile and a half in that direction.” She pointed off to the side with a spear, but I found myself focusing on her abs and the lower area of her stomach right above her torn and almost non-existent bikini bottom. I could spend a solid week licking chocolate off those abs.

“Do they both look like you?” I forced my eyes up to meet her’s with a great deal of effort.

“No. They do not,” she said as her golden eyes narrowed a bit. “I followed you through the jungle. You are weak and lack basic survival skills, but we are stronger together than apart.”

“Uhhh. I guess I’ll come with you,” I said.

But then the world spun, and I felt the hot sand on my face.

Then I felt nothing but the cold embrace of darkness.





Chapter 4


I don’t remember what happened after I blacked out, but I came to when someone dropped me down next to a small crackling fire inside a cave.

“You are safe. Rest,” the sexy Australian accented cat-like woman spoke next to my ear.

“What have you brought us, Sheela?” another woman’s voice asked from elsewhere in the cave, and I heard a clicking sound move toward me. “A man? Ugh. Is that the best you could find today? I’d rather have some meat.” The new woman’s voice was beyond disappointed, and I tried to crack my heavy eyelids open so I could see her. The firelight hurt my eyes though, and I had to close them again.

“He is a man, yes, Trel,” said the woman who had saved me, and I now knew her name as Sheela.

The woman I figured was named Trel made more clicking sounds. “And you know men are useless? Each and every one I have met is a complete waste of space and oxygen. They are slaves to their penises.”

“No. That’s horrible. We can’t have slaves around our hearth.” A bubbly female voice interrupted the other two from another part of the cave.

Trel’s voice huffed. “I didn’t intend it literally. I mean that they are useless and must be told what to do all the time. They are worse than children and are only good for one--”

“Oh. I see. Well, this one’s in uniform. He can protect us,” the bubbly woman replied.

“Ha! If Sheela had to drag him--” Trel tried to say.

“Enough for now,” Sheela countered. “I followed him for a few hours. He is not skilled in survival, but this world is harsh, and we need all the help we can get.”

After more clicking noises and the complaining, one named Trel spoke again. “I’m telling you now, the best thing to do with this man is to kill and eat him.”

“Yuck. You are so gross,” the third voice replied.

“Eat me? Where am I?” I said though it was little more than a whisper.

“Did he speak?” the upbeat woman asked with surprise.

"Yeah, I spoke, why would you eat me?" I said with a stronger voice.

I was still tired from my journey, the restless night, and the sharp bursts of fear each time I thought I heard those feathered dinosaurs chirp, but the drink of lake water seemed to have brought me back from the edge of delirium. My tunnel vision was gone, and I could think straight again. I pushed myself off my stomach, rolled to my side, and made it into a half-kneeling crouch. The fire was inside a ring of big rocks, and a large clay pot sat next to a modest bloom of flames. The aroma reminded me of my mom pulling a big turkey out of the oven on Thanksgiving, and my empty stomach grumbled to remind me the food gauge was on empty.

My eyes adjusted to the low light of the cave and the jagged gray rock all around us. We were in a chamber about the size of my parents’ three-car garage. The smallish exit across the rough floor to my right and the fire to my left provided enough light to finally see my rescuer. I thanked god she wasn’t a figment of my water-deprived imagination.

“Trel is joking, it is nice to see you awake. I am called Sheela. Here, drink some water before you answer our questions.” The feline-woman nodded as she crouched, dipped a little clay cup into a pot, and then handed it to me. I downed it in several massive gulps and felt a bit disappointed it was only half full.

She was just as gorgeous as when I first encountered her. Like a fitness trainer and Amazon warrior rolled into one package while wearing a torn bikini.

My eyes peeked down the taut muscles and firm curves of her amazing body, but I didn’t want to start drooling, so I willed them up to her face so that I could study her alien perfection. Her blonde hair fell to the side of her head and playfully obscured her left cat-looking eye. She wore my hat on her head, and I forced myself to focus on it since my eyes kept trying to check out her body again. Damn, I’d seen plenty of beautiful women during my short life in Southern California, but Sheela was making my head spin.

Or maybe it was because of the dehydration?

“You are, um, wearing my hat,” I said.

I was quite attached to the wide-brimmed leather hat, but she did look damn good wearing it. Nope, it wasn’t the dehydration that was causing my head to spin. She looked amazing wearing anything.

Or nothing.

“It would not stay on your head as we walked back to camp, so I put it on my own for safekeeping,” she said unapologetically, but she didn't move to return it.

Every ounce of me wanted to say Sheela could wear it forever, but she soon realized that I wanted it back, so the furry-woman took it off her blonde head and handed it to me. Her hair left a scent on the leather, and I was able to smell it when I put the hat back on.

Sheela stood up, shook her long mane of blonde hair, and then ran her clawed fingers down its length. The movement probably wasn't meant to be sensual, but it reminded me way too much of the videos I had seen of models standing in the shower.

I stood and appreciated that Sheela was a bit taller than me, just like a true Amazonian warrior. I looked away and searched the shadows of the cave for the other women I had heard speak. “Do you three girls live here?”

“You think we’re girls? Ugh. You are such an idiot.” Trel’s angry voice echoed from just behind Sheela as if she’d been waiting for her important moment. She then stepped out from behind the feline woman, and any notion of the word “girl” vanished in the light of the fire.

Her face was heavenly, but there was also something more sinister in her features. Her black eyes seemed to burn red as they sat under regal arched eyebrows, the sharp points of her ears probed from her lustrous black locks, and her red lips were dark and inviting at the same time.

Her neck was tall and thin like a runway model’s, caressed by black hair on both sides and a hefty choker necklace of polished black stones pressed against her marble-white skin. Large black hoop earrings hung from her ears, and I saw that the bands of dark stone were highlighted by thinly spun webs of glittering gold metal.

She wore a white silk dress with accents of metallic gold that might have come from the treasury of an Egyptian princess. It hung from thin strands over her shoulders and flowed down to her feet. In many places, the fabric clung to her skin as if it were painted on, and the sweat of her body soaked through until it was practically see-through. The neckline plunged way down below her cleavage and highlighted every detail of her pert breasts.

A narrow band of gold looped around her flat stomach, and the glittering accessory drew my attention to her Victoria Secret’s Angel model hip-to-waist ratio. Her airy dress hung off her body below her hips, but the silk fabric was sheer, and I was able to see her long legs flow down to perfect calves and little gold-encrusted sandals wrapped around high-arched feet.

The dark-haired woman laughed as she took a final step into the light. “I am a woman. I have hundreds of thousands of males on my planet begging for the chance to inseminate me. Don't you see this delightful body?” Trel asked as she ran her hands down the sides of her stomach, hips, and thighs. Her fingers were unusually long, thin, and black. They almost looked like they were just bones, but it had to be the light doing weird things. “You called us ‘girls.’ Perhaps we should address you as ‘boy.’ Would you prefer that?”

I stood about a head taller, so my line of sight went right to the beads of glistening sweat gathered in her cleavage. Her hands were now on her hips as if she were losing her patience with me. Something was definitely off about her fingers, but I was distracted by the rest of her body, and couldn’t really figure out where I should keep my eyes so that I didn’t offend the strikingly beautiful woman.

I swallowed hard, thankful for once I wasn’t dying of thirst. My heart pounded fiercely, and my profuse sweating wasn’t just because it was hot and muggy. I was about to reply when I finally looked behind her.

Oh. My. Fucking. God.

Trel had wings.

They were dark in color, and the dim light from the fire wasn't letting me see all their details, but it looked as if they folded behind her back like the wings of a succubus. Earlier she mentioned slaves and killing me, which sounded like something a demon from hell would say. At least those from my video games. No wonder she oozed sexuality.

“No words? That is a typical male response when I flaunt my perfection.” Trel’s voice was haughty, and I knew my face was red from embarrassment and a newfound fear.

She spread her wings wide apart to display what they really were, and I let out a gasp of shock. What I thought was a wing was actually three legs folded neatly behind her. My jaw dangled in awe and fear as it became clear she was some kind of spider-woman.

The black spider-legs were almost as thick as her human legs and now touched the ground behind her. The chitinous clicking sounds suddenly made sense, and I felt terror fill my stomach as her human body floated off the ground, suspended by the spider-legs that attached to her back.

“I’m waiting for your answer,” the spider woman said as she tapped one of her rear legs with impatience. She pointed at me with a shiny-black chitinous finger. Her hands looked pretty much human except they were darker than the rest of her arm and her long fingers ended in sharp points, like claws. My body was still numb with shock, and I didn’t know if I should run from her spider-legs, slap away those wicked fingers, or continue to stare at the beautiful human parts of her body.

“Trel, stop. Please,” the third woman said with a begging tone. I still couldn’t see girl number three, but if another spider came out of the shadows, I was sure to die.

Except that I couldn’t look away from Trel. My mind said run, but the rest of me pretended not to hear. Her body defied the laws of physics and reason as certainly as being teleported to a world of dinos. A sculptor couldn’t have made a model with as perfect of proportions as Trel’s human body.

“Are you done admiring my splendid sexual attributes, boy?” Trel's question reeked of arrogance, and her spider-legs relaxed to lower her back onto her human-looking feet. “Would you like to study the curves of my ass next? I assure you, there is none finer.”

I looked at her breasts once more, mostly so I didn’t have to gaze at her spider-legs, but also because they were absolutely amazing. God, how did they lift like that without a bra? They seemed even perkier than when I first saw her, and her pink nipples threatened to tear through the soft fabric of her see-through dress.

“I, uh. No. I won’t call you girls. S-sorry.” Scream in fear or fall in love? My mind was going to split in half if I looked at her another second. I realized I was gawking at her nipples still, so I forced myself to look at her eyes.

“I am Trel-Idil-Iria, Duchess of family Iria. You should know your place, male. You are unfit to even share this fire with me. Let alone stare at my perfect body. What do you have to say for yourself?” Her voice was filled with disgust, and my mind spun as I tried to figure out the correct way to apologize to her. I had been staring at her, but I didn’t know how to not stare at her.

Thankfully I was saved a response by the third woman. Her voice was cheery, bright, and I was finally able to turn my attention away from the spider-woman.

“Don’t be scared of her. We’re all friendly, I promise. What’s your name? Mine’s Galmine.” The woman who spoke was a little shorter than Trel and appeared to be completely naked. Her skin was grey and textured with rough stone tiles that seemed to be set on top of the smooth skin. The rocky texture was much rougher across her breasts and in the hot zone between her legs, as if her body created extra layers of the rock-like substance to form coverings and obscure what was beneath.

But the alien skin didn’t make her body any less sexy. Her figure reminded me of a voluptuous swimsuit model I remembered seeing in the tabloids after dating a popular football player. Like every damned curve of hers was chiseled by a master artist and stuffed with twice the femininity.

Fuck me. I hated always classifying girls by their physical features, but a lifetime of operating my man’s brain on the default settings and my current level of fatigue left me with little option. She was just as beautiful as the other two women that stood around the fire, and I was once again blushing as I tried to keep my eyes away from her almost nude body.

Galmine’s shiny silver hair was pulled into a bunch on the back of her head in simple braiding. Her eyes sparkled like green emeralds. I looked into them deeper, and I couldn't actually be certain that they weren't made out of a pair of perfectly cut stones. Her face was a pale grey-ish color, but the skin appeared much softer than the rest of her body. The wetness of her upturned lips made it easy to see how soft and inviting they’d be. The smiling woman bounced on her feet, and her head tilted slightly to one side in anticipation.

I vaguely remembered her asking me a question, but instead of getting her to repeat it, I blurted out the first thing on my mind that didn’t involve smoking hot babes. “This is all so crazy. First, the abduction. Then those men get killed. Then dinosaurs. Then--”

“There were more of you?” Sheela interrupted.

“Yes. There were two others when I arrived here. Um, actually three, I guess, but one got killed right away.” I turned my head away from her so I wouldn’t be distracted by her tight body. “The second guy died when some green feathery dinosaurs ganged up on him and brought him down. The last man was eaten in the jungle. He helped me escape so I could make my way to where you found me.” It was a dubious interpretation of Kelg’s final act, but I didn’t think it mattered.

“Three more would have helped,” Galmine sighed.

“Just three useless males,” Trel replied from behind the other two women.

“As Sheela said, more will help us survive,” Galmine countered. “I’m thankful for your friendship, Trel. I love meeting new people, don’t you? We should welcome our new friend into our home.”

“Pfft. Men serve my needs,” Trel said matter-of-factly.

“The loss of three is tragic. But we saved one warrior. Galmine did ask for your name.” Sheela turned to me and raised a perfect eyebrow.

“Oh, right. My manners are off today. My name is Victor,” I said with a nod.

Trel sniped from nearby. “Victor? No family name? Ewww. Not only is he a male, but he is of poor stature.” She shook her head at me, and her dark hair swirled around the flawless vanilla skin of her bare shoulders.

“Oh, sorry. My family name is Shelby. Victor Shelby. I'm a human. My world is called Earth, and the city I come from is called Los Angeles.”

“I like the shiny metal on your chest,” Galmine said as she pointed across the fire to my shirt.

“This is my badge. From the Los Angeles County Department for Animal Care and Control,” I replied.

“That sounds official.” Sheela's eyes glowed from the fire, and she reached a clawed finger out to touch the metal of my badge.

“It sounds stupid,” Trel huffed. “I bet he's a garbage collector.”

“No,” I said as I tried to keep my eyes off Trel’s nipples and her scary looking spider legs. “I help people with wild animals. It's a good job.”

“You control the animals?” Galmine asked.

“Nope,” I laughed. “I protect and care for the ones we rescue.”

“Humpf,” Trel mumbled while her legs tapped on the cave floor.

“Do you have any idea how to combat the flying orange ones?” Sheela asked.

“What do you mean?” I replied, immediately curious.

“I arrived fifty-one nights ago. I study everything here to help me survive. The last cave I was in was much like this one, but little feathered dinosaurs flew in and made nests. Alone they are weak, but they are very powerful when in groups.”

I looked around. I didn’t see any in there with us.

Sheela seemed to know what I was thinking. “They aren’t in this cave. Yet,” she replied with an ominous ending.

“They’re on their way here?” I asked.

Sheela shrugged, and then added, “I believe they move down the coast. It was the behavior I observed with them earlier. First, it started with scouts. One or two showed up and poked around the outside of my cave. Over the next thirty sunrises or so more showed up until there were dozens of them trying to get into my cave. I fought where I could to keep them out, but there were too many.”

“Let me guess. You already saw one here?” I asked as if I already knew the answer.

Sheela nodded. “A few days ago. They are hard to miss. They are bright orange like this fire, and their wings have plumage of black like the night. They have sharp teeth, but they can also pierce with their razor sharp beaks. Very hard to fight more than one or two at a time.”

“Sheela’s crazy,” Trel said with a chitter of her claws. “These birds aren’t going to come to this cave. Why would they if they have their own cave? If they do come, we have all we need right here to fight dumb little birds. She can defend us at the entryway.”

I glanced at Sheela and saw frustration in her eyes. I didn’t know how many days she’d spent with Trel, but the beautiful spider-woman was already starting to annoy me, and it had only been five minutes.

“If that first one brings his friends, it will be just like your last cave,” I said.

Sheela seemed to brighten a little. “With enough warriors, it can be different than my last home. We could defend the entrance and also take care of the hunting, fishing, and gathering.”

“How many more would we need?” I asked as I shifted my focus to each of the women.

“We would need us, plus five. Maybe more,” Sheela said after a few seconds of thought.

“I’m not doing it.” Trel’s words were in sing-song form.

“Some of us want to do nothing,” Sheela suggested in an even voice.

“Some of us are waiting to be rescued,” Trel added with insistence, and the ebony haired spider-woman smiled. Her teeth looked like a vampire’s, with twin fangs where her canines should have been.

“Who is coming for you, Trel?” I asked with genuine interest.

Trel pushed between the two women, and her spider-legs carried her clicking across the floor toward me. The sight of her moving made the horror return to my nerves, but I calmed down when she stopped in front of me. She was elevated on her spider-legs with her silk dress dangling in mid air, and my eyes were level with her nipples. It was almost like she knew that she possessed perfect breasts and was pushing them into my face so I’d be hopelessly distracted.

Well, it was working, and I still didn't know if I should be attracted to, or terrified of her.

“Ahem,” Trel cleared her throat. “My eyes are up here, male.”

I forced my neck back so that I could look up at her face. Her eyes were the other alien part of her body. They had no white sclera part to them; they were just balls of black the same color as her hair.

Except the obsidian eyes now reflected the firelight, and the woman looked angry.

“A man will address me as Trel-Idil-Iria, Duchess of family Iria. Not just ‘Trel.’ I have hundreds of thousands of men wishing to breed with me on my planet. I am a treasure of significant importance. As for rescue, my sisters will cross the stars to find me.”

“I apologize, Trel Ill Areola, Du-- Oh I’m sor--” I began to say, but then I realized I’d Freudian slipped ‘areola,’ and I began to apologize.

“We might be rescued, but in the meantime, we need to survive,” Sheela interrupted my apology to Trel. “If the orange creatures come as I expect, we need to be ready to defend our home. We also need food and water daily. As I said, this is easier with more helpers such as Victor.”

Trel’s glare was withering for a moment, but Sheela used her arm to guide the black-haired woman away from me. Trel’s voice became less combative at the cat-woman’s touch. “Is your skill that of a hunter, male? I might overlook your natural ignorance if you could provide food for me.”

“I’m not a hunter in the sense you think, but I do pursue animals so I can, uh, r-rescue them.” I never stuttered in my life, but Trel broke some part of my speech center whenever I looked at her.

“Pursuing animals” was a glorious description of snaring cats and dogs when they escaped from their cages back at the animal control office. We hired interns who sometimes had bigger hearts than brains, and I’d have to round up the animals they let escape. But I often got to do actual fieldwork and capture animals like Ernie the snake out in the “wilds” of suburban Los Angeles. I guess that was hunting.

The three women looked at me, and they seemed puzzled by my answer.

“Uhh. Did I say something wrong?” I asked.

“What’s your skill, silly,” Galmine asked with a cute smile as she playfully tapped her temple next to her right eye.

“My skill?” I asked with confusion. I knew Trel already thought me an idiot, but I didn't want Sheela and Galmine to believe it as well.

Trel made like she was pulling her hair out, and her spider legs frantically tapped on the floor of the cave. “He doesn’t even know his skill! How are you still alive? Argg.”

“I will teach him, just as I taught you when we first met, Trel,” Sheela said as she stepped toward me.

“Whatever. I would have figured it out without your help,” the other woman huffed.

“Examine my eyes,” Sheela said to me as she rested her hands on my shoulders. Her touch caused my heart to start sprinting, and I looked into her cat-like orbs. For a moment, I felt as if I was swimming in a sea of gold, but then she winked at me twice with her right eye.

“Wink, as I did,” she instructed.

I blinked my eyes, but then I realized I needed to just wink the one. I chose the right, same as her.

A burst of text appeared in my field of vision.

“Oh shit, what is this?” I gasped.

My already-improved eyes allowed me to see better than I had back at home, even with my glasses on. Now they bestowed a new gift: a kind of dashboard appeared in front of me like a head’s up display in a fighter plane.

I reached out awkwardly like a blind man at the strip club. I knew the image was in my eye, but it shimmered when I moved my hand just so. I couldn’t help but giggle at how awesome it was.

“That is correct, Victor. You can move within the I-Q display by using gestures. In time you will also be able to control it with slight adjustments of the eye itself,” Sheela said while stepping out of my way.

“Come again? IQ?” I said while still flopping my hand around. I had to watch carefully, so I didn’t accidentally grope her as I grabbed at the shimmering letters.

“Is that not what you see at the top?” Sheela asked.

Sure enough, in the top right corner were the words Eye-Q written in fancy script, like it was a software company logo or something. My name was also on the very top line.

“Touch your name, and it calls up some computer jarble,” Galmine added helpfully.

I mimicked touching my name on the screen with an air-tap of my index finger. It was kind of like using my tablet back home, but it still felt silly tapping blank air.

Sure enough, the screen blinked and a new array of “jarble” appeared next to a picture of me standing with a dumb look on my face. I didn’t recognize the background, but I was wearing my uniform and aussie hat, so I figured it was very recent.

A few rows of data reported all sorts of things I already knew: eye color, height, and weight; although I thought it was reporting a bit high on that one. Lots of stuff similar to a driver’s license, but also my home planet along with some strange long rows of numbers.

At the bottom section were stats like in a video game:

Strength: 3

Stamina: 2

Movement: 3

Special Skill: TAME - Level 2.

Is that what they wanted from me?

“It says Strength 3, Stamina 2, and Movement 3. My special skill is called ‘Tame level 2’. Does it mean anything to you?”

Trel laughed uproariously. “Tame! You can say that again! I told you, men are helpless.”

“I think Tame sounds like a wonderful skill,” Galmine purred.

Trel didn’t miss a beat but spoke with noticeably less hostility. “Well, come on. If he had said ‘Starship Builder’ it might have blown my skirt up. Neither of you can seriously think ‘Tame’ is going to do anything for us.”

“What are your special skills?” I said as politely as possible to redirect Trel from insulting me. I feared they were going to throw epic abilities in my face and make mine look ridiculous by comparison.

I was kind of facing Galmine, so she spoke first. “Mine says Grow, and I guess that’s because my people are very adept at growing plants. In my world, we have far less sun than here.” Galmine pointed outside of the cave and then brushed her silver hair back with the same finger. “It is also much cooler. We live off vegetables and grains. My Eye-Q says I am level 1. My strength, stamina, and movement all say 1, but I don’t really know what that means.”

“It means you are too nice,” Trel replied with a sigh.

“What do you mean?” Galmine asked Trel, and the gray skinned woman smiled sweetly at the spider-woman. “I like being nice to people. You are all my friends. I wish I were home, of course, but I am happy to be in your company.”

“Nevermind,” Trel grumbled, and it seemed to me that the haughty woman couldn’t bring herself to be mean to Galmine.

“What about you?” I asked Sheela.

“It says Critical Strike. I grew up training with weapons, so I suppose that is what they mean. I am also Level 1.”

“They?” I asked.

“Idiot, the beings that took us from our home, tore our eyes out, put new ones in, and dumped us here to get eaten by giant lizards.” Trel spat the words and crossed her arms over her chest.

“Yeah. Sorry for kind of a stupid question,” I said, and I forced myself to smile at the dark-haired woman. Her long thin fingers were more spider than human, and I wondered absently how she touched people without hurting them.

“And what are your stats, if you don’t mind?” I asked the feline warrior woman.

“My strength and movement are both 8, but my stamina is only rated at 4,” she replied.

“Wow, that’s amazing.” I whistled with awe. Sheela was much stronger than me.

“Humpf,” Trel snorted, and then she cleared her throat and pointed a long finger at me. “You aren't even polite enough to inquire what my Eye-Q reads. You should have asked me first since I am the most important one here.” Trel looked like she rolled her eyes at me as she spoke, but it was hard to tell because they were all black.

“Uhh. What is your special skill?” I asked while being excessively courteous. Trel was quickly approaching the point where her beauty wasn’t enough to justify her attitude, but I still didn’t want to piss her off.

“Structure Building,” she said without further explanation. I could tell she was waiting for me to say something. She smirked, and I saw her vampire fangs again.

“What does that do?” I finally asked.

She threw up her human-looking arms. “How should I know? Do you think I want to build something? Ewww. Peasant work.” Trel's pretty nose scrunched up with disgust.

“And, uh, what are your stats?” I asked, really trying hard to be nice.

“My strength is higher than yours, male. That’s all you need to know. Pft!” she huffed. “If you were on my planet, I'd put you at the back of my ten thousand-deep suitor line. I’m almost tired of hearing my own voice repeat it, but you are going to be useless to us.”

“That remains to be seen,” Sheela replied to Trel with more patience than I thought possible. “Whoever brought us here and did this to us is very powerful. They must have had a purpose for bringing him here, as well.”

“Yeah, so he can drain away our food and water,” Trel sniped back under her breath.

“I can carry my own weight,” I countered.

I couldn’t believe that I was weaker than Trel, but her spider-legs and claw-hands did look deadly. Strangely, I was also a little deflated at getting tossed to the back of her suitor line. It was like high school all over again, with the prettiest girls not giving me the time of day.

“We appreciate your help no matter what skill you have,” Sheela said with a nod, and I saw Galmine smile at me pleasantly.

“Just tell me what you need me to do, and I’ll do it,” I said with more confidence. Maybe Trel didn’t like me, but Sheela and Galmine obviously did, and I’d work to protect them. “If angry birds are coming to roost in your cave, let’s figure out how to stop them. With four of us, I'm sure we can think of something.”

“Ha! As I predicted, the male is only as good as the women who command him.” Trel walked around on her human-looking legs to the other side of Sheela. Her spider-legs were now folded up on her back again, so they resumed looking like bulky wings. It made her no less scary because I knew they could come right back down.

“No,” I said. “It’s not like you command me. I’m willing to help. If we all work together, we can--”

“I do not do common labor or planning,” Trel snapped. “Haven’t you been listening?”

Galmine moved to be close to me. “Don’t worry, Victor, everyone has their place. I am not very strong, nor do I move fast, but I will help where I can. If we find a spot for a garden, I can grow some vegetables for us to eat.”

“Can you grow meat?” Trel huffed.

Galmine was steadfast. “I’ll do what I can for you until then. I’m glad you came to us, Tamer.” She stepped closer and surprised me with a quick hug. Her body was surprisingly warm, and during those tantalizing seconds we were joined, I wondered if the gray rock on her skin counted as clothes, or if she was actually hugging me while she was naked.

“We have a few hours of sunlight left, and much to do, but I will show you around,” Sheela said.

She directed me to follow her through the large cave opening, but the task became shamelessly sexual when I watched her firm ass sway in her torn bikini-bottoms. Her long blonde mane swished across her butt hypnotically while she walked, and I almost tripped over a rock when I was watching her instead of where I was stepping.

A dozen wooden spears were leaning against the wall right at the exit. Their tips were burnt for strength, and I saw one of them was covered with blood. I figured it was the one she’d used to kill the giant crocodile that had almost eaten me for breakfast.

“What’s that for?” I said while pointing to a clay pot just off to the side of the mouth of the cave.

“Do you not relieve yourself?” she deadpanned.

“Oh,” I said, realizing the whole world was now my toilet. “All the time.” I laughed to cover the dumb question, then I followed her out the door.

I rubbed my face with my free hand as we emerged into the daylight. Every moment of my life was now a surprise, but I was greeted by a huge shock in the landscape.

Instead of the wet, sticky tangle of ferns, vines, and strange sinuous trees from yesterday and this morning, we were now in a forest of huge conifers that seemed more like the Sequoia Redwoods than a Jurassic jungle. There were relatively few of the true giant trees, and they grew with forty or fifty yards of space between each other for as far as I could see into the grove. Ferns and other small plants hugged against the trunks, and clumps of smaller evergreens dotted the forest as well. There were also flat, open areas of fallen pine needles between each of the ancient redwoods.

“How far away was the place where you rescued me?” I asked as we walked down the narrow pathway leading from cave to the bottom some twenty-five feet below us.

“About a mile and a half,” Sheela responded.

“How is that possible?” I wondered. “Where are the vines, and stuff? It’s like we’re on a different planet and we didn’t go very far.”

“I do not try to understand the technology controlling this world. I have walked the coast for many days and have seen several different lands. On my world, we have vast swamps, grasslands, and forests seemingly without end. Here, everything is jumbled as if the builders want to confuse us.” She paused for a moment to choose her words carefully. “I stayed here because it reminds me of home.”

I wanted to ask her about her world, but something she said was more pressing.

“How do you know what ‘mile’ means?” I asked. “Do your people use the same unit of measurement?”

“Yes,” Sheela said as she shook her head. “You misunderstand. Our abductors have made it so we speak the same language and use the same measurements. It sounds as if you are speaking my language. We believe they have done this so that we can survive in the world they built.”

“You think all this was built?” I asked as I thought through her words.

“I do not know. It matters not. Come.” She walked me to the bottom of the ramp in front of the cave and then we turned around to look back along the route we came. I could barely see the cave mouth back up the steep hillside. “I spend all day hunting or berry picking. Trel won't leave the cave to do the work, and Galmine moves too slow to escape any of the creatures that are on this planet. You cannot really see the cave from the position down here, but I worry about dinosaurs getting in. A second warrior with a spear will make things safer.”

We stood facing each other as the sunlight beamed from the pine boughs high above.

“Yeah, it seems as if you've been supporting them,” I said.

“I do what I can. Having someone who will cooperate will help us all,” Sheela answered, and her yellow eyes seemed to focus on my badge.

“I'm happy to help. You did save my life.” I smiled at her, and I lost a bit of my breath when she returned my smile. She was like the sun to Trel's darkness.

“I have been here much longer than the other two. Trel is convinced help is coming. I think Galmine believes that, too.”

“But not you?” I asked as I stared into her beautiful golden eyes.

“Rescue might come, or it might not. I do not want to bet my life on the uncontrollable actions of others. I predict that those birds will return to the cave and force us to fight. They might not, but if they do, we will not be able to survive against them the way we are now.” She shrugged, and the movement did all sorts of amazing things to her chest area.

“It's too bad that the guys I first met are dead, they could have helped defend us against these birds.”

“It does not matter,” she said. “They are dead. Wasting energy thinking about what could have been will only hamper our ability to survive. I know Trel will not agree, but you showed up at the perfect time.”

“Yeah, she doesn’t like me for some reason, but I appreciate your words,” I replied with a smile.

“We are all scared, Victor. This world is cruel and unforgiving. I do not know what happened to Trel before I found her, but the constant threat of death affects us all. Do not let her words bother you.”

Sheela’s voice was intoxicating. I had a million questions about her home world, her travels on this one, and how she came to be with the other two women. But I had her alone, and there was one burning question I needed to ask.

“Um, why do you sound like you’re speaking Australian? It’s, uh, distracting as hell.” I was tempted to tell her how sexy she was when she spoke it, but it didn’t seem appropriate.

“This is my natural way of speaking. I am surprised that you interpret it as an accent from your world, but as I said, our captors did something to our minds to let us understand everyone’s different languages.”

“Okay. So you--” I began, but motion caught my eye near one of the large trees fifty yards away at the edge of the clearing. I watched for a few moments before I was certain what it was.

“I’ll be damned. It followed me,” I laughed a bit at the thought and guided Sheela’s beautiful eyes to the object of my mirth.

The little blue roadrunner dinosaur was hopping around pecking at the ground. It would look up, move a little closer to me, then peck at the ground again and pull up some big bug and swallow it whole.

“I saw that beast around you before,” Sheela said with a touch of amazement.

“Yeah, I’ve tried to get rid of it, but it doesn’t get the hint. Maybe I should keep it for a pet?” I laughed at the thought of having a roadrunner for a pet back home. It would look hilarious on a leash at the dog park.

“Can you call it to you?” she asked.

“Seriously?”

She nodded and then looked to the small bird.

“Okay, I’ll give it a try.”

I took a few steps in the direction of the dino-bird and hesitated. If I was back home, I’d try to snare it and bring it out of the wild, but this was all different. The aliens who built this place, if I believed Sheela’s theory, must have had a reason for wanting this bird to follow me.

Damned if I could think what it was.

On a whim, I blinked to turn on the Eye-Q and pointed my hand at the bird inside the overlay of the user interface. “Tell me what that is,” I said half-heartedly.

I was so surprised at the response I blinked the thing off.

“Holy fuck. It worked,” I said.

“What are you doing, Victor?” Sheela called from over my shoulder.

I held up my free hand with my index finger pointing up, hoping she understood the “please wait” gesture.

I blinked the Eye-Q back on and looked at the screen. It showed an outline around the dinosaur and displayed its name.

“Identification: Dinosaur, Jinfengopteryx Elegans, male.”

“This is awesome! Hey, that dinosaur is called Jin, uh, fen, g, opter, ix. Ugg, this name sucks. I’ll call him Jinx for short!” I’d encountered long names in biology and animal sciences but seeing them and saying them were light years of difference.

“Here, Jinx. Come!” I crouched down with glee, still with the Eye-Q system displaying in my field of vision.

At first, the little animal didn’t do anything, and I imagined Sheela’s disappointment behind me. Then the bird sort of hopped a few times in my direction, and I thought I had it for sure, but then it got back to pecking at the ground. I called it for several minutes but finally had to admit that wasn’t going to work.

I flicked off the Eye-Q and turned to Sheela. I expected an insult like Trel would deliver, but the warrior cat woman smiled brightly instead.

“I do think it likes you,” she said. “He will come closer next time.”

“Yeah, I guess,” I replied as I looked at the little blue dino again. It had already hopped away, and I suspected that Sheela was just being nice when she told me he would come closer next time.

“See? He can’t even tame a puny beast. Useless male!” Trel shouted from behind some bushes up by the cave entrance. She laughed and then disappeared back through the opening.

“Trel is harmless,” Sheela said as she stepped near me and motioned to the cave. “And that is the challenge we have.”

Her problem was not complicated. Trel wasn’t going to help, and Galmine couldn’t survive out and about in a world full of bloodthirsty predators. Sheela rescued me believing I was going to be extra hands needed to fight for survival. The dinosaurs that took out Heracula and Kelg sent a shiver down my leg, but sexy-girls-in-distress were more than making up for the terrifying experience.

Maybe I’d stumbled on why the aliens chose me. I really liked animals and beautiful women.

Our eyes met once more, and her feline orbs pulled at me as surely as if she was reaching into my brain. We stared at each other for a few moments, and then she tilted her head and looked up and behind me. When I didn’t immediately turn to follow her lead she looked at me again and repeated the act.

I finally got the hint and turned to face what Sheela was looking at. A pterodactyl-type dinosaur swooped through the pine boughs and landed near the top of a medium-sized tree in the grove of redwoods. The branch sagged under the weight as the dino-bird folded its wings next to its body about seventy-five feet over our heads.

The beast was much scarier than the drawings or models I had seen. The size reminded me a lot of the California Condor, only a little bigger. The wings of the creature were each longer than I was tall. The dinosaur had hooked claws on the end of the top joint, and its long maw was pointed and very sharp. Its skin was gray with brown undertones, and it blended almost perfectly with the tree branches where it perched.

I felt movement by my foot and looked down to see Jinx standing behind my boot. The little guy was looking up at the pterodactyl while he trembled.

“You said the bad birds were orange, right? Does this thing want in, too?” I asked Sheela as I turned up again.

“I am not surprised something else wants the cave. It is a good location for mating and laying eggs.”

Sheela was correct. We were standing out in the open below him, but the pterodactyl didn't seem curious about us. Instead, the winged dinosaur was staring intently at the women’s cave.

But now it was my fucking cave too.

“I'll help you defend your home,” I said as I turned to Sheela. “I’m thinking you’re right, we are going to have to fight birds sooner or later.”

“It will be hard work, Victor.” The woman's full lips turned into a small hope-filled smile that made my heart dance in my chest.

“No worries. You saved me, so I owe you, but I also want to live, and I want to protect your friends in the cave, even Trel.”

“Thank you,” she said as we shared a quick smile. “Evening is fast approaching. Let us get back inside and tell them about this new flying dinosaur. We have much to do to make things safer for all of us.”

“I’m looking forward to it,” I said, and then I followed the beautiful woman up the narrow path to where her friends waited for us.





Chapter 5


Sheela and I returned to the cave to report the presence of the pterodactyl to the other two women. The cat-like warrior went right inside, but the smell of food stopped me in my tracks at the entry. The small clay pot was still on the outskirt coals of the fire, and all threats to the cave seemed distant once I took another deep drag of the incredible turkey dinner smell. The last meal I’d eaten was a pair of strawberry Pop-Tarts I hadn’t even bothered to toast before I drove to work the morning I was abducted.

I overheard Sheela mention the pterodactyl, then compare it to the orange birds, and finally, she pointed to the food on the fire. That’s when I realized I needed to be a part of their conversation, so I took a few steps into the cave. My hunger pangs spun up like a train’s diesel engine, and the three beautiful women cocked their heads toward me at the interruption.

“Um, sorry about that. I’m kinda hungry,” I said with a good-natured chuckle and a little boyish pride at the impressive protest by my stomach. The smell was overpowering, and I was in danger of floating into the air, drifting over to the cooking pot, and diving in head first like a cartoon character.

“Laugh it up, male. The delicacy is not for you. You’ll have to get your own,” Trel spat.

“Okay. How do--” I began.

“Victor, please do not worry,” Sheela replied. “I caught this turtle for the benefit of all who live here. You are welcome to some. Sit and enjoy it, please.”

Trel turned to study me, and I felt her eyes scour my body. After a few moments, she finally reoriented on the sexy feline woman.

“Sheela, before you sit down I wanted to remind you it is getting late and we are out of water,” Trel said while tapping one of her sandals against something hollow on the floor near the fire.

I turned to Sheela and saw exhaustion flicker across her beautiful features, but then she looked at me, and her eyes were determined.

“I have not forgotten,” Sheela replied as she bent over and picked up a medium-sized clay pot that might have come from my mom’s kitchen. She held it upside down as if to prove it was empty and then carried it toward the door.

I gently grabbed her arm before she could get too far.

“You have to go back outside? Now? Where are you going?” I stammered.

“To get water from the stream. There is a drip of water in the back of the cave, but not enough for all of us. Three times a day I go out to fill this. I have been away from the cave for too long, and our supply is gone,” Sheela explained.

“You mean you just rescued me, brought me to your safe home, and now you have to go right back out into the wild? Don’t you have time to recharge with some food?” I asked as I tried to ignore the rumbling in my own stomach.

“Trel is correct,” Sheela replied. “We must gather water from the creek before it gets too late in the day. That is when the forest becomes dangerous, so I must go as soon as possible.”

“How far is it?” I asked.

“It is only a half a mile through the trees, but delays are common if I see wandering predators. There will be more threats if I do not leave immediately.”

“And you expect me to sit here and eat while you fetch a pail of water? That doesn’t sound fair at all,” I said while pointing to the fire and the simmering pot of goodness.

“You are tired. You need rest,” Sheela said as if they were dull facts.

“I’m not-- well, yeah, I’m tired,” I said. “But we’re all beat down. You’re living in a cave in the forest. You take care of your friends. There is no way I’m going to sit here while you take a risk for me. I’m coming with you.”

“Ugh. Take the male, then,” Trel said with her voice full of frustration that kind of surprised me. It almost sounded like she had wanted me to stay while Sheela left.

The blonde cat-woman looked at me with her beautiful eyes. Then she nodded to me with gratitude, and we walked over to the spears near the front door.

“One of us needs to carry this while the other guards,” Sheela instructed as she held the small pot. It had no handle or lid, so there was no easy way to carry it and grip a spear in the same hand. It would be even more cumbersome when full.

“As the male, you may wish to carry the spears and protect me,” Sheela said quietly as if explaining the rules of a game. I glanced at Galmine and Trel, waiting for a snappy comeback from the spider woman, but she must not have heard Sheela’s use of the word “male.”

Her statement tapped into my man brain in a way I hadn’t felt since snagging Ernie, the snake, at Lacey’s pool party. I could protect this beautiful woman in this carnivorous dinosaur world. I could be her hero even if the task were something as basic as collecting water.

My gamer’s brain argued it was better to align the skills of each player, so everyone was utilizing their best assets. I’d witnessed Sheela’s prowess at slaying that mega crocodile and knew her assigned skill was ‘critical strike.’ Even if I was the kind of asshat who said women were second-class citizens, which I sure as hell wasn’t, I’d be a fool to try to compare myself to her when it came to fighting with spears.

“On the other hand,” Sheela continued, “it would be useful for you to see my methods and learn my route before taking on the task of protecting the water carrier.”

“Yep. I don’t really care who leads or fights as long as we have the best person doing it. Right now, that person is you,” I said while reaching to get the pot from her.

“Thank you for trusting me,” Sheela said as she handed me the pot. “It is very dangerous out there.”

She selected the wooden spear with crocodile blood on it as well as a second one for her other hand. Then she strode out of the cave but waited at the top of the ramp as I grabbed one of the remaining spears. The one I took was as tall as my chin and arrow straight. They were all impressive weapons considering she didn’t appear to have any tools around.

“The stream is that way,” Sheela said while pointing straight out into the redwood forest, almost directly below the pterodactyl watching our cave. “We will run for a distance, and then we will stop at a hidden safe spot to watch and listen for predators. If there are none, we will run for another period until we find a place to stop.”

“You mean predators like that bird thing up in the tree?” I replied with a little nervous laughter.

“Yes. And worse. It would be best if we could hide or climb a tree. But if we must, we will fight.” She angled one of her spears in my direction as emphasis.

“I’ll do my best,” I offered.

“Do not worry. On my planet, women are expected to fight to the death to protect the males. I will ensure you make it back.”

“No way, Sheela. I, uh, respect your customs, but it’s the women who should be protected at all costs. That’s how it is where I come from. It’s called chivalry.”

“To die in combat is an honor, Victor. Women on my world may not hold land or choose who to marry, but we may always choose to fight and die for those who are worthy.”

I didn’t think dying in combat was an honor, but it wasn’t the time or place to argue. She didn’t invite me to discuss it, either. She was already scanning the surrounding forest with her hunter’s eyes, and my heart started to race when I thought about the danger ahead of us.

“Let’s just hope it doesn’t come to that,” I said after a slight hesitation.

“Are you ready?” she asked as if the game was about to begin.

I nodded grimly and looked beyond her at the jungle, but who was ever ready to run into a world full of dinosaurs? Those green-feathered monsters could have been hiding behind any of the redwoods in front of me. I shook my head to get rid of my thoughts and looked up at her.

She nodded and began trotting down the ramp. Her long hair flowed and bounced to each side of her tightly packaged glutes. Ninety-nine times out of a hundred I’d have found that super hot, but this was the one deadly exception. I needed to focus on not getting eaten by dinosaurs right now.

When we reached the forest floor she picked up her pace and ran directly for one of the largest trees about a hundred yards away. I had trouble keeping up with her at first, but her sprint slowed to a fast jog as we entered the grove of ancient redwoods. I’d taken an elementary school field trip to a similar forest back in California, but I didn’t remember much about it other than the trees were hundreds of feet tall and it took most of our class to link hands all the way around one of the bases. The giants in front of us looked just about the same size.

Sheela ran directly into a large clump of bushy green ferns mixed with long cattail stalks. When we reached the trunk of the first tree, she squatted down in the leafy undergrowth and motioned for me to do the same. I set the water pot next to me and tried to calm my hammering heart and heaving lungs. Even though we hadn’t run very far, my breathing was a freight train of noise compared to Sheela’s.

“Shh. Just listen,” she whispered.

The sun was low in the sky, and it cast its orange rays almost sideways into the great forest. Some of the rays met Sheela’s soft face and caught her golden eyes just right. I admired her watchful gaze as those shimmering feline eyes scanned the deadly but beautiful forest around us. If we weren’t in mortal danger, and if I wasn’t in Dinosaurland, I would’ve whipped out my camera and snapped a picture of her.

Except my smartphone was sitting on the passenger seat of my truck back on Earth. Even if I did have my phone, it wasn’t like I’d get reception here, and there would be no way to charge it.

As my heart rate and breathing slowed, I began to hear the sounds of the forest around us and smell the scents of abundant life. Birds squawked from high above. Crickets and cicadas provided a constant background hum. The smell reminded me of family camping trips in the woods. With the familiar ferns and redwood trees, I could have been back in southern California rather than a world of ancient dinosaurs, and I was amazed at how close to normal it all seemed.

Pine needles were everywhere on the ground, and I absently rubbed my hands through them while waiting. Of course, my curiosity was rewarded with a dab of sticky sap on my fingers that I promptly rubbed on my pants.

Giant dragonflies and horseflies bounced from leaf to leaf or flew around each other in aerial dogfights. I felt an itchy pinprick on my neck and then groaned as I slapped the tiny mosquito away. It was one piece of home I wished the aliens would have skipped because I’d already been bitten a dozen times since I came here.

“Those little ones are the worst. They are everywhere,” Sheela whispered.

Roars in the distance reminded me of even bigger threats. It might have been a Tyrannosaurus Rex telling the jungle it was in charge, or one of god knows how many other carnivorous hunters and killers. Less powerful roars, chirps, and growls carried on the wind from far away like the background soundtrack from a packed Jurassic zoo.

“It sounds chaotic out there. What are you listening for?” I asked as quietly as I could.

It took her a few moments to turn and respond.

“The best hunters will remain quiet as they stalk you, but they cannot stay silent. I am listening for the sound of brush or ground clutter being disturbed. Sometimes it is the lack of sound which gives warning. If the forest itself falls silent, beware.”

I gave her a thumbs up sign, hoping the gesture made sense to her.

A minute later she seemed satisfied that we weren’t being stalked and motioned for me to follow her again. Sheela kept our path close to the base of the trees. I didn't know her exact reason, but the undergrowth seemed to accumulate there, so I guessed she used the ferns as our cover. We ran in and out of several more clumps of the green brush always heading in a line. After several more minutes, Sheela turned us a bit, and we went toward a massive redwood which probably fell over decades ago. The base of the trunk had come out of the soil, and the severed roots poked out from the dead giant like a fiery torch lying on its side. The ruined upper branches were almost a football field away.

She jumped over some rotting bark and ran into the downed tree through a gaping hole in its side near those roots. Our footfalls echoed into the empty space, and bugs of all sizes and shapes scurried into hidden lairs as we arrived. I felt like a dinosaur-sized woodpecker had drilled through solid wood from one side of the tree’s trunk to the other. The sunset leaked through numerous smaller cracks and holes, giving a hazy glow to the earthy interior.

“There is the stream,” Sheela said as she gestured to the hole leading out of the hollowed out tree.

I got up next to her to see a fertile waterway that reminded me of something from Bambi. A small flowing creek ran over large boulders as it meandered through the redwood grove, and it seemed to attract flowering plants, cattails, and ferns like a magnet in the junk drawer. A little pool of clear water sat almost directly in front of us, and it presented a happy pastoral scene fit for a small talking deer and his woodland friends.

A few little black birds pecked in the mud of the far shore, but there were no big dinosaurs anywhere in sight. Still, Sheela studied the scene for a full five minutes while I waited and watched too. I had just set the pot down when she spoke.

“I believe it is safe. I see and hear nothing of concern.”

I gulped, aware of what was next.

“You can leave your spear here. I will stand by the water while you fill the container,” she said.

“Sounds good,” I said dryly.

“And do not forget to drink from the stream while you are there,” she said. “Though not too much, we might have to run.”

Sheela gestured for me to wait a moment, and then she ducked through the front hole of the tree. I watched her athletic body leap up and over a few prominent rocks, and then she stopped at the peak of a small boulder right at the water's edge. She crouched there and then looked around cautiously before waving me over to her.

I hopped on the rocks like she did until I knelt at the edge of the twenty-foot wide pond. Then I flipped off my hat while inspecting the surface for anything that was going to try to eat me. I didn’t see anything remotely like a giant crocodile, so I dipped my hand into the cool stream and then drank my fill right from the source. The clear water was way more satisfying than my almost-fatal drink from the dirty lake and a million times better than the tease I got out of the cup back in the cave. I tried to limit myself, but I was so thirsty I drank until I felt it slosh inside me.

I submerged the clay pot into the clear water, and dozens of tiny colorful fish scattered. The orange light of the late evening sun reflected off their scales, so they glittered like coins. The rocky bottom was also lit up by the soft light, and I imagined walking the refreshing knee-deep water to the other side. Maybe Sheela could step in and we’d both fall over and get sopping wet. She already wore a bikini.

“We must go,” Sheela interrupted my fantasy after she took a moment to drink from the pond at my side. “Back home we have many streams like this one, so I would enjoy staying on the shore longer. However, it is too dangerous. We must return.”

“Yeah,” I said with a nod.

I lifted the now-filled pot and followed her back across the boulders. When we reached the shore, I one-handed my hat off the ground, expertly slapped it over my head, and balanced the unwieldy pot while we made our way back to the fallen redwood.

“You’ve been doing this by yourself?” I asked after we were safely concealed inside the hollowed-out tree.

“I did what needed to be done, but fetching water is easier with your help. I am glad you are here.” Sheela gave me another half-smile, and I finally felt my heart hammer for a reason other than fear. She may have been a tough warrior cat-woman, but I was proud I’d made her happy. Her words soothed my anxiety, but I was still a bit nervous about the next part of our trip.

“How do you not spill this?” I asked as I looked down at the clay pot. I figured there was maybe half of a gallon of water in there. I’d filled it right to the brim, but I’d already spilled an inch in the first thirty feet of travel.

“There is no effective way to seal it. I have tried bark and leaves. Galmine even made a nice clay lid for it, but it broke. Once the water begins to slosh, it escapes anything I use to cover it.”

I looked at it as a problem to solve. On some TV show I heard of ancient hunters using the bladders of animals to carry water, or maybe I saw it in one of the billions of internet videos I’d watched. The details of my life kind of ran together over the last several years. What I did know was that there had to be a better way to get water to camp than what Sheela and I were trying to do.

“Are you ready?” she asked, calling me back to the moment.

“Let’s do this,” I responded.

Sheela hopped out of the downed trunk with all three spears in her hands and set off toward the cave at a trot. I tried to follow through the clumps of ferns as quickly as I could, but carrying an open pot of sloshing water really slowed me down. I kept my eyes on the ground just in front of me and focused hard on steadying my arms to keep the pot from swaying.

She stopped to check for predators, but I didn’t even have a chance to catch my breath before she indicated we had to move on.

“This way,” she whispered over her shoulder as she took off.

Everything looked the same in the forest. The largest trees were like pillars of brown stone in a giant room sealed by a pine needle roof. Smaller trees filled in some of the gaps but much of the forest floor was wide open. It was easier to cross those flat spaces, but it also exposed us to potential predators. Somehow Sheela knew where to go, and I stayed focused on my own job of not tossing out our drinking water.

At the next big tree, Sheela let me rest for a moment.

“I am taking us a little to the side of the cave,” she explained. “If something follows us out here, I do not want to lead them right to our home.”

I wanted to tell her how impressed I was with her hunter instincts, but I couldn’t catch my breath, so I used my time to take off my hat and wipe sweat from my forehead. Fast-walking home with the pot was as draining to me as jogging to the creek without it. And my lack of fitness wasn’t doing me any favors. I put my hat back on and smiled.

“We are almost there, Victor. Next time, I will carry the water,” she said with a grin.

“Deal,” I huffed.

We left that piece of safety, and I soon saw the familiar shape of the hill and ridgeline above our cave. There were fewer big trees on the slope but more of the smaller ones. Back home tree cover meant nothing to me; here it could save my life, so I was starting to notice the small details of terrain.

Sheela led us along the bottom edge of the slope, and I walked as fast as I could to keep up with her. A sigh of relief left my throat when I caught sight of the familiar rocks outside the cave. We were almost back and would be safe in the cave in less than a minute.

I froze in my tracks when I glanced up and saw that Sheela had stopped a few yards ahead of me.

She stayed in her stance for a little while until she motioned for me to come up to her. I tried to walk as silently as I could, but leaves crackled under my feet like a marching band drum line. When I reached her, she pointed to the rocky outcropping about a hundred feet ahead.

“The bird-dinosaur we saw in the trees has landed at the base of the ramp. It is moving toward the cave. We must hurry and protect our friends.”

“Got it. I'm your shadow.” My voice cracked a bit, and my heart somehow increased its already fast tempo. I didn't really want to fight another dinosaur, especially with a pot full of water in my hands.

She gave me a sideways glance and then took off toward the cave in full on Amazon warrior mode.

I followed at a slower pace, so I could alternate between looking ahead for trouble and down to my hands to steady the sloshing water.

I finally saw the dinosaur when I got closer. It blended into the underbrush of the hillside but was definitely now on the ramp.

And heading toward the entrance of the cave.

Almost like it knew the territory had been vacated by those most able to defend it.

When Sheela saw the intruder, she waved a spear and screamed to get its attention. The pterodactyl kind of lumbered around like I had seen bats do; it hunched over the elbows of its wings. The dino belted out a surprised squawk as it hopped up and started flying to get away from her. Dust blew from the side of the path, and the creature slowly climbed into the sky before the blonde woman could get too close.

Sheela dropped two of her spears, twisted her right arm back, and hurled her javelin at the flapping lizard. It was an impressive display of athleticism, but the dinosaur was already thirty feet in the air, and Sheela’s spear fell short and sailed just under its feet. The beast seemed to understand that Sheela had almost hit it, and it let out a screech as it circled above her.

“It looks like it might try to dive!” I shouted as I weaved my way through the trees of the hillside.

As I reached the spears Sheela left behind, the pterodactyl fell through the leafy canopy like it had been dropped from a plane. It smashed through several branches and snapped them like dried twigs. At the last possible second the pterodactyl threw open its broad wings and came to a hover just a few feet over Sheela’s head. The down thrust of wind blew Sheela's long hair around, and it looked like part of the mane covered her face.

“Sheela! Above you!”

The blonde woman dove away an instant before the razor beak would have impaled her. The cat-woman rolled a few yards, got back to her feet, and hopped behind the trunk of a small tree. The pterodactyl made another dive toward her, but its wings were so large it could not fly under the low branches. It was the perfect defensive spot, and she was able to avoid its attacks.

The animal screamed in apparent frustration, beat its wings a few more times, and then circled back to land on the hillside close to Sheela. As soon as it landed, its leathery wings folded on each side so they became the odd-looking legs again. The dino didn’t appear quite as scary on the ground as it did in the air, but now could easily walk into the clump of trees where Sheela had retreated. Without a weapon, it wouldn’t be easy to keep that sharp beak from poking her.

She needed my help.

“Hey! Over here,” I shouted at the pterodactyl as I set the pot on some flat ground and then picked up one of Sheela’s discarded spears.

“Get away from her!” I yelled as I sprinted toward it.

I didn’t know how to fight a winged dinosaur from the Jurassic era, but I did know how to deal with rabid animals back home when they threatened humans. I closed the distance with my spear extended and cursed for all I was worth.

When I was within spear range, I got a good look at its black eyes and the thin, brown crest sticking backward from the top of its head. Maybe it could see into my eyes, too, and knew I meant business, because the creature spread its wings again and launched off the ground with a hop and several quick wing flaps.

A few moments later, the pterodactyl had gotten about ten feet in the air, and it was pumping its wings frantically to escape. I mimicked Sheela as I threw the long spear with as much muscle as I could put behind it. The primitive weapon hit the center of the monster’s chest, but I’d put a little tilt in my throw, and the sharpened point didn’t penetrate the flying lizard’s tough skin. The creature screamed, nonetheless, and I swear he flapped ten times harder to get away.

The spear cartwheeled down and came to a rest in a bush.

I flipped on my Eye-Q and requested info for the flying dinosaur before it could get too far away.

“Identification: Pterosaur, Pteranodon longiceps, female.”

I blinked off the Eye-Q just as Sheela stepped out from under her protective tree. She appeared ready for another attack, but her hair was a tangled mess and bits of dirt clung to her already-ruined bikini. Instead of a spear, the cat-woman held an egg-sized rock in her palm while scanning above us. I felt kind of dumb thinking she was unarmed because everything was a potential weapon to her.

“That was an excellent throw, Victor.”

“Yeah, but I didn’t kill it,” I replied with a bit of regret.

“We will never be able to kill everything on this planet. Sometimes it is enough to chase the enemy from the field of battle.” Sheela dropped the rock so she could pick up the fallen spear.

The dinosaur flapped back to its perch in the tree, but it concerned me it wasn’t leaving.

“My Eye-Q said that’s a female pterosaur, but we call them pterodactyl’s back home.” I said as I pointed to the creature. “You think she’ll try for us again?”

Since Sheela held the spear, I picked up the rock she’d set down so I had some sort of weapon.

“I would not be surprised,” Sheela said as we walked back to the water container. “She might wish to lay her eggs in the cave.”

“Well, she’s going to have to get in line,” I said with nervous laughter. “Somehow we’ve become the hottest spot in town.”

I was relieved to find the water pot was upright and mostly filled. I pocketed my throwing rock before picking up the clay container. Sheela grabbed the other spear, and we turned back. We both kept our eyes on the pterosaur as we hurried up the ramp to the cave, but the winged animal seemed content to preen herself rather than fight us again.

But she was one more problem for us. There were now two species threatening to cause trouble in our neighborhood.

Sheela went right inside our cave, but I stopped and looked into the forest one final time. What other monsters were looking to move in?





Chapter 6


Back inside the cave, I carefully set the water pot at the edge of the fire as if it were made of eggshells. Then I knelt to catch my breath and settle my red-lined heart rate. Sheela was already sitting at the fire near Galmine, and the gray-skinned woman smiled at both of us.

“Did you guys hear that pterodactyl?” I asked while breathing hard. “Sheela and I just scared it away.”

“We heard it screech,” Galmine said in a voice suggesting she’d been holding her breath until we arrived. “Thank you so much for helping Sheela protect us. She’s been doing so much for us on her own. I know she’s glad you were there. I’m happy to see you both are safely back. Trel stayed near me to ensure I was okay while you two battled that bird.”

“Oh, please,” Trel replied with dripping sarcasm coating her voice. “I was only checking the fire, and it’s a good thing I did. Because apparently, no one else can do it. It was going out. What would we have used to cook?”

“We can start a new fire--” Sheela began, but the spider-woman cut her off.

“Whatever, let’s see what the male brought us,” Trel scoffed as she walked on her human legs toward me. “Oh, great. He’s spilled most of it. Typical male incompetence.”

I was rather impressed with my performance. After I sloshed away the first inch, I’d managed to bring most of the remainder across the forest and up the ramp. It was at least 90% of what I pulled from the stream and that felt pretty damned good.

“You cannot fault Victor. We had to hurry and defend the cave from the pterodactyl,” Sheela replied as her eyes narrowed a bit at Trel.

“It was that close?” Trel asked. “It sounded far away.”

“Very close. It almost made it inside.” The blonde woman pointed at the door.

“Ah, well then. That’s different. Almost doesn’t count,” Trel rolled her eyes and then crossed her arms over her perky breasts. The movement hid her nipples from me, and I realized I’d been staring at her.

Sheela let out an almost silent sigh and then sat with her legs crossed while she tended the fire. I found my eyes drawn to her little swath of bikini, and I forced myself to look away.

“Thank you for helping me, Victor,” Sheela said with obvious relief. “Now you may rest and eat. You have earned it.”

I glanced at Trel, expecting trouble, but she suddenly seemed more interested in drinking some of the water we’d brought.

“Please sit here, Victor,” Galmine said as she patted the ground between her and Sheela.

“Thank you,” I replied, still trying to catch my breath. I was already kneeling, so I shuffled on all fours around Sheela so I could sit between the two sexy women.

The running and tension of being outside had driven my hunger to new heights. The aroma of the stew got me drooling, but I managed to keep my cool and not bang my imaginary plate like one of those prison riot movies.

“I'm afraid we only have one spoon,” Sheela said as she picked up a blackened piece of carved wood from the side of the fire and used it to push the steaming clay pot in front of me.

“That's okay,” I replied. “I'm fine sharing, but you should all eat before--”

“As the Duchess of family Iria, I will obviously go first,” the spider-woman interrupted me. Trel made her way to the far side of Galmine, and her see-through dress pressed against her breasts, thighs, and ass in a way that made it hard for me to focus on anything else in the cave.

I heard Sheela sigh a bit as she used the spoon to slide the pot over to Trel. The spider-woman didn’t even bother to sit; she just reached down with her long, chitinous fingers, took the spoon from Sheela, and then thrust it into the little pot before pulling out a full portion of the delicious smelling turtle stew.

Trel’s black eyes turned to stare at me, and she licked the bottom of the spoon with a throaty moan. Her tongue danced across the edges of the small spoon as she lapped up the juices, and then she slowly slid it into her mouth. Her eyes never left mine, and I forgot to breathe.

“Mmm. Excellent,” Trel sighed after she slowly pulled the spoon out of her mouth and ran her tongue across her lips. She was still looking at me, and I saw her head lower a bit.

She was staring at my crotch.

My dick was threatening to rip out of my pants, so I changed the position of my legs in an effort to make my hard-on a little less noticeable. Trel was obviously trying to get me aroused, and it was working. I didn’t know why she was doing this, but I suspected she just wanted to play with my emotions.

Sheela reached out as if to take the spoon back, but Trel repeated her movement and took a second helping from the pot. The spider-woman kept her eyes on me while she licked the spoon again, and my cheeks burned.

“There is only enough for one scoop per person,” Sheela said with concern.

“Oh, shoot,” Trel replied with over-the-top fake sincerity as she turned her eyes from me. “I had no idea. Didn’t we used to get two?”

“I think you know,” Sheela said softly.

“It doesn’t matter. I’m not giving one of my scoops to this male. This discussion has tired me, and I must now go rest.” The dark-haired woman gave the spoon to Galmine before she retreated to the back of the cave.

Trel didn’t bother looking at me when she walked away, but it didn’t matter anymore. My dick felt like it could have hammered nails into two-by-fours, and I glanced at the other two women to make sure they hadn’t noticed my painful erection.

“Guests first,” Galmine said as she passed me the spoon.

“You can go next.” I tried to hand it back, but Galmine crossed her arms and slowly shook her head.

“Men are always so polite,” Galmine declared. “I want you to go next as thanks for helping. I want you to feel welcome here among us.”

I turned to Sheela and offered her the spoon, but she shook her head.

“I hope you won’t see me as a guest for too long,” I said while reaching for the stew pot. “I want to be an equal member of your group.” I did want to be chivalrous and all, but I couldn’t remember ever being as hungry as I was at that moment.

I used the crude wooden spoon to capture a full helping of stew. When the turtle meat touched my lips, I was rewarded with an explosion of taste and satisfaction that nuked my usual meals of pizza and ramen noodles. I swallowed it all in one heaping gulp and felt the warm broth slosh into my empty stomach like a tidal wave.

“This is the best tasting thing I’ve ever put in my mouth,” I finally said with what I imagined was a bewildered look on my face. I knew rich people ate turtle soup, and now I could understand why.

“Starvation makes everything taste better,” Sheela said plainly, “but it is excellent.”

“I think it would be amazing, even if I weren’t starving. Who’s the chef?” I asked.

“Sheela caught it, I kept watch over it, and Trel kept watch over me,” Galmine said. “It was a team effort. We all work so well together.”

“I think I could eat that whole pot, and then twenty more after. Who’s next?” I asked as I looked to both Sheela and Galmine.

“Galmine can go next,” Sheela said with a nod toward the stone-skinned woman.

“Here, please take it back. Thank you for letting me eat before you,” I said to Galmine. I still felt crushing starvation, but I wasn’t going to complain in front of three beautiful women.

“You are most welcome,” Galmine said with her typical bubbly attitude.

The single mouthful of food did little but increase my hunger. There was nothing I could do about it though, so I leaned back on my hands and reflected on our situation. The pterodactyl in the tree was our most immediate threat, but in a world full of vicious, raging dinosaurs it was comparatively minor. Strangely enough, it was the most basic problems of food, water, and safety we had to solve, rather than pie-in-the-sky stuff like how to fight a T-Rex or why the aliens put us here.

“Pie would hit the spot,” I mused aloud.

“Pie? Is that one of your world’s foods?” Galmine asked, and her emerald eyes sparkled with interest.

“What? Oh, yes. Pie is a kind of a …” I tried to think of how to describe pie to a beautiful alien woman. I wasn’t even sure I knew how to make a pie. “It’s like a flattened basket of mashed up fruit wrapped in sugary baked bread.”

“I saw it in my head, but your description is much better. It sounds delicious,” Galmine replied as she tapped her temple. She then passed the spoon and pot to me.

I passed the food and spoon to the blonde cat-woman, and she took them from me gratefully. I watched her tip the pot to get at the remaining spoonful of stew, but then I turned away before she could slide the spoon into her mouth.

“I didn’t mean to talk about pie, but I was thinking about food,” I said. “I guessed that was the last of it, but you wouldn’t happen to have more turtles stashed here, would you?”

“No,” replied Sheela. “I have to hunt for it daily.”

“Yeah, I remembered you talking about that.” I asked. “How much meat can you bring back in a day?”

“Not enough, male, and now we have another mouth to feed.” Trel huffed from her nook in the back of the cave. I peered into the darkness toward her alcove, but there was some sort of privacy curtain, and the light of the fire had a hard time penetrating.

“He did just get--,” Galmine began to reply, but Trel interrupted her.

“I know exactly what he’s done. He’s been annoying, he’s followed Sheela to get the water, and he’s anxious to get his male mitts on our meager food supply.” Trel poked her beautiful face out from behind her silk curtain, and then she scrunched up her nose at the gray-skinned woman.

“I am trying to help you all with--” I started to say, but Galmine jumped in.

“We do have some berries.” She pointed back toward Trel. “We keep a bunch of them back there, where it isn’t as hot. We don’t have much, but it’s what I’m used to eating on my homeworld. Sheela was a sweetheart and found some for me to eat before she went away to find you.”

“Pfft. Some of us don’t eat weed seeds,” Trel said with snark.

“I was able to get many berries, yes,” Sheela explained. “They grow all around us on the hill outside the cave and are easy to gather if you have the time. My species can subsist on fruits and berries for a while, but we require meat if we are to exert ourselves.”

“You mean like getting water and hunting?” I asked.

“Yes, you are correct,” Sheela began. “Both require extra calories that I cannot get from eating fruit and vegetables like Galmine. However, hunting in this world is not easy. It is risky to kill big animals, and I cannot carry back all the meat. It is much easier to grab small turtles and fish.”

“Even if we did kill a big dinosaur where would we store all the meat?” I asked as I thought about the small refrigerator in my apartment. “We’d be overwhelmed by scavengers a day or two before the place stank of rot.”

“But we would eat like queens while we had it,” Trel said dryly from her nook.

Sheela only nodded. “Turtles like this are my preferred quarry, for now. I can bring them back here alive and toss the shell when I am finished with it. But only the small turtles walk the shores of the lakes and creeks. The bigger ones are in the deep water.”

“Hunt every day and eat it right away? That sounds exhausting.” I really wished I had paid attention to those survival shows on television with the guys who could live for weeks on moss and tree bark. How would they handle food if they were on this planet?

“I am afraid it is,” Sheela answered. “I have to supplement our meals with fruits and berries, which is why I am not at my peak physical condition right now.”

I looked her up and down and found it hard to believe.

“You aren’t in top form? I can’t imagine what you’d look like if you were,” I said with a little chuckle.

I expected a smile in return, but Sheela turned serious. “On my homeworld, the women are expected to always maintain our bodies, maybe even more than the males.”

I was struck by how alien she really was; a woman with short soft fur, feline eyes, and a mane of hair that would be the envy of Rapunzel. All three of the women were aliens, but they didn’t fit the mold of the ‘little green men’ we always worried about back on earth. Maybe ‘alien’ was the wrong word since each of them were pulled from their homes and dumped here like me.

We were all aliens on this planet.

“Are you feeling alright, Victor? Still thirsty?” Galmine asked as her hand rubbed my shoulder.

I blinked at her a few times and realized that I must have missed something. “No. Sorry. I’m easily distracted.” I smiled at her and then turned back to Sheela.

“It is all right,” Sheela said. “I just wanted you to know why I am not at maximum efficiency.”

“Well, if it’s always like this, I can see why,” I said with a laugh. “You’re killing yourself taking care of everyone else. I’m exhausted even watching you, but you were kind enough to let me into your cave, so I’m--”

“Pftt. I’ve heard enough. Did I miss a vote in which we allowed this male to join us?” Trel interrupted.

She sauntered toward us on her human legs, and I once again tried to avoid staring at her sweat-soaked body beneath the revealing silk dress.

“If we must vote,” Sheela replied in her tired voice. “I, for one, wish to allow him to join. He survived alone in the wilds. He volunteered to get water and did well for his first time. He helped me fight off the flying dinosaur without being asked. And though I see the fear in his eyes, he shields that fear from the animals. It is an important skill for a hunter. In my estimation, he has done more than enough to join our group.”

“I agree,” Galmine said right after the blonde warrior. “If Sheela says he helped her outside, he automatically has my vote. But from what I’ve seen in here, Victor has been nothing but kind and thoughtful to me. I really want him to stay.”

“That is two-to-one in favor,” Sheela declared, giving no time for Trel to object.

“Wait,” Trel replied as she got right up next to the cooking fire. “I haven’t voted.”

I shifted uncomfortably in my spot as Trel deliberated for what felt like fifteen seconds. Then she cleared her throat, looked at each of the two other women and raised her pointer finger-claw in the air.

“I vote to allow this male to join,” Trel said without an ounce of sarcasm.

The three of us shared a confused moment of silence as we watched the complicated spider-woman.

“Thank you,” I said to Trel, hoping she wasn’t about to take it back.

“The male will not thank me,” Trel said as she raised her perfect nose in the air. “My decision was based solely on being part of the winning majority. I obviously initiated the vote to ensure you would join and start off in my debt.”

“Victor is not in your debt, Trel,” Sheela said. “Even if you voted for him.”

Trel exhaled as if she’d been given the worst news of her life, and she shot me a cold glare.

“Yay!” Galmine said with a refreshing burst of excitement. “We can be like a big happy family, working to support each other in this horrible place. It feels so good to have such wonderful friends, don’t you think?”

“I, uh, promise you won’t regret it,” I said. “This is not much different from situations I’ve encountered on my world.”

I was thinking of the numerous resource gathering and empire building games I’d played over the years, although none of them dropped me in the middle of an alien planet, surrounded me with dinosaurs and beautiful women, and then failed to give me the smallest clue about how to win. I knew nothing about my “base” except it was a cave on a hillside. I didn’t have a single tool or the slightest idea where to get one. And my workforce consisted of three sexy alien women with strange skills and seemingly arbitrary stats. My “empire” was destined to be pretty damned small.

Unless I figured out how to protect these women.

“This should be good,” Trel huffed. “You seriously expect us to believe you’ve been in a situation just like this one?”

“Not like this,” I admitted. “I’ve been involved in numerous, um, scenarios, or simulations, where I started with nothing. The best thing we can do right now is sketch out a plan for how we can survive and stick to it. We can adjust it later on, but a plan is critical to long-term survival. Otherwise, you tend to live day to day, always reacting to unforeseen threats instead of seeing potential problems and avoiding them completely. This is especially true when you don’t have enough helpers.” I looked at Trel and raised an eyebrow.

“For the tenth time, I do not work for you,” Trel replied with defiance. “Join our group if you must. Help our group if you want. But don’t expect me to do anything. I only wish to be entertained as I wait for my inevitable rescue, and you are hardly entertaining.”

I could tell there was no use in arguing with the beautiful spider-woman, even though she was a quarter of our manpower. We would have to work around her.

“Right, so, on my world, people use computers to plan it all out, which we don’t have. We--”

“What is a computer?” Galmine asked as she fluttered her eyelids.

“It’s a device that displays data and can execute programming,” Trel answered before I could, and I wondered how advanced her civilization was.

“Oh! So the Eye-Q is a computer,” Galmine said while tapping her temple. “Can we use this?”

“Maybe. I hope so,” I replied thoughtfully. “But I’ve only just learned how to turn mine on.”

“Tell us what your plan would be,” Sheela said with interest.

“So, on my world, we basically have reams of charts, technology trees, and technical data we study as we lead our team through a challenge,” I said. “It could be as simple as finding a magic chalice or as complicated as managing a galactic war.” I looked around the room and saw that they weren’t really following. I glanced down at my hands and struggled to find the right words to make this simpler. “The scenarios are always different, but they all boil down to proper planning and resource management. Since none of us know what we’re doing here, that’s where we have to start.”

“I see,” Sheela said.

“It starts like this: what is this group’s biggest challenge?” I asked as I sat up straight and rubbed my hands together.

“Dinosaurs,” Sheela replied.

“Food and water,” Galmine guessed.

“Annoying males,” Trel added.

“Those are all short-term problems,” I said, ignoring Trel’s contribution. “I believe our biggest challenge is establishing a secure home. Whether you are a chipmunk or a powerful emperor, you have to have a base of operations. We need somewhere we can go to be safe, no matter what else is happening out in the world.”

“Like this cave?” Galmine suggested.

“I don’t think so. On our way back Sheela and I saw the pterosaur clawing its way up our ramp. That means there are potentially two species of flesh-chewing beasties with their beady eyes on our cave. Maybe more. And how long do we have before the orange ones arrive in force?” I looked to Sheela.

“The last time they came about thirty days after the first scouts,” Sheela replied.

“So we have about that long to fortify this cave so it can withstand--” I said until I had a terrible thought. “Did you stick around after the birds arrived?”

“I was on the next hillside while I decided where to go, but yes, I saw them from afar,” she replied.

“Were they all in the cave or did they also hang around outside?” I asked as I continued my train of thought.

“I did not get back inside once they arrived in large numbers, but I think the females deposited eggs in the cave,” Sheela said as if watching it all again. “The males, I presume, remained outside.”

“Do you think you could have gone back into that cave if you wanted to?” I asked. I was afraid I already knew her answer. If the warrior woman could have fought them off and kept her old cave, she would have.

Sheela thought about it for a few moments.

“I do not think I could have returned,” she replied with disappointment lingering in her voice. “They have very sharp teeth, and it was difficult to escape just a few of them. They chased me for almost a mile. As more arrived, I did not dare go back.”

I sat there and stared at the crackling fire. What little smoke there was drifted up and out through some small cracks in the roof. All it lacked was some hot dogs and the sweet smell of s'mores. It would have been relaxing if our situation wasn’t so serious.

“Victor?” Galmine called. “What are you thinking?”

I shook my head to clear my thoughts. I was also getting very tired sitting there in the dark cavern.

“I wish we knew how long the birds were going to nest here,” I said to Galmine. “It could help us determine if we can hold out in the cave.”

“Why would we do that, male? Your idea of planning is what? Hiding?” Trel’s sarcasm was especially biting because she was right, it wasn’t a very good solution.

“Yeah, well, the problem is that we won’t be able to go outside while the birds are here,” I answered. “What if we had a reason to leave? Sheela said they chased her for a mile and she’s faster than all of us. Galmine would never survive. Can you imagine being stuck inside the cave until the birds were done nesting?” I chuckled, so I didn’t sound overly dramatic. Even that confinement wouldn’t be so bad if Trel crept around in her own cave, and Galmine and Sheela lived in mine.

“I had hoped we could find enough help to fight off the birds when they arrived, but I was not thinking clearly,” Sheela answered. “We cannot be in the cave when the orange birds arrive.”

“And who knows what trouble the pterodactyls will cause if they mix together with the other birds,” I said. “It seems like we’d want to be away from them both.”

“Where are we going to go?” Galmine asked with sadness in her voice. It came out like fingernails on the chalkboard because she was always so happy.

I waited to see if Sheela would answer, but she remained silent. So far, my tour of this planet included a slaughterhouse beach, a suffocating jungle, and a frightening redwood forest. Besides the cave, I had no idea where to go for safety.

“Victor, we saw that gigantic tree lying on the forest floor. Could we live inside it?” Sheela asked.

I immediately liked her suggestion, but could we? It was certainly big enough. It was at least as spacious inside as this cave, and it was made of wood. We could carve the inside once we had tools. Even the largest dinosaur would have problems penetrating that massive trunk.

“I think,” I began slowly, “we have to consider Galmine first. I would rather live inside a tree trunk above the ground than be in this dank cave, but staying near the cave gives us certain advantages we wouldn’t have way down by the creek. Mainly it gives Galmine a place to hide while we build whatever we’re going to build. If we’re a half a mile away, we won’t know if there’s trouble here in the cave.”

“I can protect her, male. Better than you could, certainly.” Trel’s words came out with an acidic tone.

“I see his point,” Sheela jumped in. “The tree is far from our current home. Also, I often see creatures wandering along the creek. It would probably be hard to build walls and doors at the tree with dinosaurs around. We would have nowhere safe to hide down there if a threat did find us.”

“So build close to the cave,” Trel scoffed. “It’s not hard to figure out, male.”

“Can we build in front of the cave on the open ground you showed me, Sheela?” I said while pretending not to hear Trel. The spider woman’s suggestion was right on target; pretty good for someone who despised the thought of sitting in on our planning meeting.

“Are you suggesting we construct a camp outside?” Sheela clarified.

“Yeah, or something like a little fort,” I said in reply. “Maybe four walls of upright tree trunks with a door. Big enough to keep out the birds. Nothing fancy. I have no doubt we could figure it out, but have you seen anything like that before?”

“I have seen my people construct small camps for hunting in our forests, so I only know how to make a very basic shelter,” Sheela explained. “The concept should be the same for a larger enclosure, but there is much we must acquire before we can build anything. For instance, we need better cutting tools to bring down the trees. I have used a sharp stone I found in the creek to cut a few of the smallest trees for my spears, but it is very painful to use after a short time. We will also need a lot of cordage to hold logs together, which we can fashion from bark or stringy plant leaves.”

“Waste. Of. Time.” Trel rubbed her bony fingers together to express her displeasure.

I pictured what I wanted in my head. It was like those old military forts I’d seen on TV with walls of pointy logs. If we had time, we could add a roof. That would be a proper dino-proof “base” for us.

“So, all we have to do is build some axes, cut down a shitload of trees, and then string them together in the shape of a square,” I said with growing enthusiasm. “Then we can build some sort of smaller shelter in the middle so we can get out of the weather. We’ll also need room for a campfire.” My mind danced through the plan as I spoke, and I felt the excitement build in my stomach. Yeah. We could do this if Sheela and I worked together. We could figure out how to set the logs for the walls and build a little hut.

“While we build, we will need to gather fuel for the fire, re-sharpen the axes, hunt meat, gather fruits and berries, and retrieve lots of water,” Sheela pointed out.

“Yeah,” I agreed, “Maybe we can make a second pot so we can both carry water? That will cut down on trips to the river. I can also help you hunt and drag more meat back to the camp.”

“Yes,” Sheela nodded, and a small smile spread across her perfect lips. “These tasks will be easier now that we have you with us, Victor. We will need to get some clay from the riverbed and then make a few extra trips for water so we can make the pot.”

“I made these two,” Galmine said as she gestured to the cooking and water pots. “It’s fun. I just take the clay, roll it into long pieces, stack them on top of each other in circles, smooth it out, and then let the fire heat it. I could make a lot more if you need them.”

“Great!” I said as I smiled at the beautiful rock-woman. “We should do that as soon as we can tomorrow morning. Maybe you can make it a bit larger than the first one, so we can carry more water.”

“You idiots are simply wasting calories on being stupid,” Trel sighed with exasperation. “Building your little play fort will mean you need two or three times more water and food.”

“Uhhhh,” I said as I turned over the spider-woman’s words in my head. As much as I didn’t want to admit it, she was right. Building a walled fort outside in the heat was going to be a ton of work. We’d probably each need a pot of water every hour, and we would need more than a few bites of food every day.

“Yeah, you’re right Trel,” I replied with a sigh. “You make a good point, but we have to do something. We can’t stay here. We could really use your help with building, or fetching water, or anything.”

The dark-haired beauty seemed surprised by my admission, and her black eyes stared into mine for a few moments.

“I am Trel-Idil-Iria, Duchess of family Iria. I don’t do peasant work, male.” She crossed her arms over her magnificent breasts and huffed. “They are coming to rescue me. You should just occupy yourselves with bringing me ample food and drink. Then, when they come, I might find it in my heart to take you with me.”

“But if your family doesn’t come, you’ll die when the orange birds arrive, or when the pterosaur tries to nest in here,” I countered.

“Pffft,” Trel raspberried out of her pretty mouth. “I feel like my brain cells die whenever I speak with this male. I must go rest now.” She turned around and walked back into the darkness of the cave.

My heart sank when she left, and I tried in vain to think of something I could say that would get her to want to help us.

“I’m sorry,” I whispered to the other two women. “I tried.”

“Don’t worry, Victor,” Galmine said. “Trel will come to like you, just as she likes both Sheela and I. We are both thankful that you are here.”

“Thank you,” I said. “I think we can make this work. We are going to have to figure out how to move more water and food back here. We’ll also need to figure out how to build the fort, but I know we can do it if we all work together. Sheela and I can do everything that requires leaving the cave, and Galmine can help us by making rope and pots. We can figure out how to make baskets and axes. The work will go faster once we get a few things done.”

“I would love to help.” Galmine smiled and brought her hands together to clap. “I don’t know how to make rope, or baskets, or axes, though.”

“I know how to make cordage,” Sheela said. “I can teach you both.”

“And I think I can figure out how to make a basket,” I said as I suddenly remembered a YMCA summer camp class where we made multicolored baskets for our parents.

“I have also spent the last few minutes thinking about how to attach a stone to an axe handle. We can try it once we find an appropriate stone, handle, and have made some cordage.” Sheela couldn’t hide behind her stoicism anymore, and her mouth split into a wide grin. “Yes, I also think we can do this. Let us build a new camp. It is a good idea. Thank you, Victor.”

“Ahh, well, ummm,” I said as the beautiful women both smiled at me, “I just want to help. It’s going to be a lot of work.” My face was blushing again, and my heart was hammering in my chest. Dang, I’d been around plenty of beautiful girls, but Galmine and Sheela were off the scale.

“It might help if we build a door to the cave,” Sheela said as she pointed toward the back where Trel’s room was. “I have collected some extra spear poles. A door might buy us some additional time to run up the ramp and defend the entrance.”

“Yeah, that’s a great idea, Sheela,” I said as I hopped to my feet. “Let’s take a look.”

Galmine seemed surprised I made it to my feet so fast, and she raised her arms so I could help her up. Her seemingly naked body was inches away as she slowly rose to meet me. For an awkward second we faced each other next to the fire, and then she grabbed me around my waist and pulled me into another hug. Like before, she felt warm against my body, but this time I also caught a whiff of flowery perfume. The scent made my head spin almost as much as the turtle soup had. I reluctantly pushed her away, aware that Sheela was now standing just behind me.

“Uh, what was that for?” I asked the gray-skinned beauty.

“Another welcome to our group, Victor,” Galmine said with a big smile. “Plus, you radiate warmth, and you are hard and soft at the same time. I find it comforting. Does my contact bother you?”

Trel made a gagging sound from behind her privacy curtain, but the three of us ignored it.

“No, I really like your hugs. I just don’t think I’ve done enough to earn one.” I tried not to make a big deal of adjusting the front of my pants. Rubbing up against her had made me two different kinds of hot.

“You earned it by staying with us and giving us hope,” Galmine said while tapping into her bubbly energy. “You said it yourself: we were living day to day with no relief in sight. Sheela is wonderful with all her hunting, gathering, and survival skills. Trel is so clever, sassy, and beautiful. I love them both, and I’m sure you are going to help our little tribe with your own unique skills.” Galmine’s positivity was infectious. I almost wanted to take her back in my arms and hug her again, but she flashed a final smile and stepped away before I could make up my mind about it.

“I brought these narrow tree trunks in here when I first arrived and had a little more time and energy,” Sheela said as we moved over to the poles. “I used several to make my spears, but maybe we can also use what is left to fashion the door.” Sheela tapped her foot against the nearest one and I noticed her leather booties were surprisingly similar to my own work boots.

“And this is the primitive cutting tool I have been using.” Sheela picked up a hand-sized dark gray rock from next to the pile and made some simulated chopping motions. It looked like the blade of a small hatchet, but the rock also had a little nub of a handle. It was sharp at the blade part, but it must have taken her half an hour to cut each of these poles.

“I see your point,” I replied. “That doesn’t look user friendly. If we make some better tools, a door would be simple. It would at least stop winged dinos from sneaking in. If we are out getting water, or whatever, we have to know the other two are safe.”

“Once we make the cordage, it will be simple to wrap the poles,” Sheela replied. “We can lay them out right here on the floor.”

Solving the problem of the door would be easy for someone who knew what they were doing. I had friends in high school who could rip apart their cars and put them back together with their eyes closed, but I wasn’t that skilled. I could swing a hammer or operate a saw as well as anyone though most of my handyman skills came after watching online help videos. I didn’t even have the ability to search the internet for how to make a cave door.

Fortunately, I’d seen lots of security doors at the various LA county animal shelters. Often they had complicated metal gates that spun against a row of bars, so dogs and cats couldn’t go back through. I doubted we could build a proper turnstile, but maybe it would be enough to put up a spiked barrier instead of a true door on a hinge.

I explained my new proposal to the two women as best I could without pen and paper. Basically, I suggested a primitive teepee shape with sharp spear-ends tied up and down the front, pointing toward the outside. That way if a bird got close, it would get a nasty surprise, but we could move the barrier aside when we needed to pass through. It probably wouldn’t hold up if a bigger threat came along, but I didn’t think anything could stop a T-Rex if it really wanted inside our cave.

“That is a clever solution,” Sheela remarked. “All our buildings have swinging doors, so I was not thinking of alternative designs. We’ll need lots of cord, but this should be far easier to make and serve the same function as a small door.”

“It wasn’t my idea,” I said with a relieved chuckle. “You can thank the confined dogs and cats of LA County, although even this probably wouldn’t stop some of those strays.”

Our next issue was rope. We already had a bit of it in the cave, but we needed to make more, so I took a few steps closer to Trel’s partition. The cord at the top was a little thicker than my boot laces but supported the curtain with only a slight drop in the line.

Trel must have been watching me approach her space because she violently yanked the partition aside as if to catch me in the act. Her hoop earrings swished from side to side, along with her dark flowing hair.

“Can I get a little privacy?” Trel snapped.

The spider-woman stood next to the half-open curtain with her claws on her curvy hips. Despite being a little cooler in the rear of the cave, beads of sweat clung to her exposed cleavage like condensation on the shower door. I pretended to be interested in the silky material of her curtain, but my eyes went right back to those wet breasts. I don’t know how long I stood there with my tongue wrapped in a knot, but it was several seconds longer than I should have.

“Well? What is it, male?” Trel growled impatience. “Did you not hear me say I didn’t want to be involved in your tiresome planning?”

As much as her human features made me burn with desire, her legs hung off her back as nagging reminders of how alien she was. She was beautiful, but every time she opened her mouth she lost a little hotness.

“Um, Ms. Trel, did you make this rope? Can you make more?” I pointed to her curtain while using a friendly voice.

“Wrong. Wrong. And wrong,” Trel shot back with increasing volume. “I am not ‘Ms.’, whatever that means. The male may be in our group but is still not allowed to address me simply as Trel. And this isn’t ‘rope,’ it is art.”

I glanced back and forth to Sheela and Galmine, unsure how to handle the difficult woman. Nothing I said to her was ever right.

“But can you make more?” Sheela countered as if Trel didn’t just bite my head off.

Trel glared at Sheela for a moment, but then softened her facial features.

“I can spin the most glorious silk dresses and cloaks, as you can see,” Trel said while swishing her hands down her soaked body to show off her delicate dress. “Making garments should be my special skill, not something undignified like building useless structures. I made this twine for my divider by stringing some of Sheela’s hideous leaves together. It is artwork for what it is, but why would I bother to make more of it? And the male who refuses to use my full name hasn’t even thanked me for allowing him into my private chambers. He is so rude.”

It was clear we’d get nowhere with her.

“Thank you for allowing us to see into your private chambers,” I mimicked her words as I backed toward the middle of the cave. I couldn’t remember her full name and wasn’t going to risk messing it up again.

Trel yanked the curtain closed to dismiss me.

I was dying to ask Sheela and Galmine how they survived so long with the ungrateful spider-woman, but before I could ask I accidentally stepped on something that let out a squawk.

“Jinx!” I blurted as I looked at the blue chocobo-looking bird.

The dino-bird flapped his tiny wings and squealed while he ran around the cave floor. Maybe he thought I was going to kick him again, but it only took a few moments before he snuggled up next to my boot, apparently forgetting all about it.

I crouched down to meet the little bird at his level and was surprised when he didn’t flee. I first looked him in the eyes, hoping to see signs of intelligence, but the beady black orbs didn’t give any clues to his thoughts.

“Sorry, bud. My bad,” I said.

“He followed you again,” Sheela remarked.

I winked on my Eye-Q and saw a flashing notice on the top of the overlay. The interface said, Jinfengopteryx tamed.

“I don’t believe it,” I said with amazement.

“What is it, Victor?” Galmine asked. “Is it like the orange birds Sheela said were coming to attack us?”

“No. This one’s harmless, Galmine,” I replied with a polite laugh. “I tried to tame him earlier, but it didn't work. Maybe it takes some more time, or I have to be closer or something. The little guy is tamed now. This is awesome!”

I felt like I’d just unlocked a big piece of a puzzle, and relief flowed through me. However, as cool as it was, I couldn’t really imagine what I was going to do with the little roadrunner dinosaur following me around.

“That’s wonderful Victor. I knew you would figure it out. I’m so happy for you.” Galmine rubbed her hand on my back.

Jinx hopped about but never strayed far from me. What exactly did “Tame” even mean? There was only one way to find out.

“Go over there,” I ordered him while pointing to the back part of the cave.

The dino-bird with the long blue tail walked where I instructed, but he diverted at the last second and ran under Trel’s curtain.

“Your ugly bird is drinking from the disgusting puddle in the corner of my sanctuary,” Trel huffed. “Get it out of here before I wrap it up and eat it.” She let out a squeak of surprise as Jinx flapped his wings back there. I would have found it cute if I didn’t know it was Trel making the sound.

I figured I’d use my connection to try to get Jinx out of Trel’s space. I first tried to point the Eye-Q toward the curtain and gesture for Jinx to come, but I couldn’t really see him through Trel’s partition, so he couldn’t see me, either.

Next, I tried to call him without the Eye-Q, but that didn’t work.

“Uh, can you please open your curtain?” I asked Trel. I was unsure how to address her, so I left her name out of my request.

She huffed, but the curtain opened about halfway. Just enough so that I could see Jinx.

“Come to me, Jinx,” I commanded in my professional talking-to-animals voice. My words brought him right out of Trel’s area and almost into my arms.

“It’s safe. I won’t hurt you,” I added.

Jinx allowed himself to be picked up. I expected him to be light like a bird, but he had a little heft. He weighed about as much as a small house cat, which is what I’d expect if he was more of a feathered lizard than a modern bird. I brought him up to my face, and we regarded each other while Sheela and Galmine watched.

“I’ll take good care of you,” I said, echoing many similar statements I’d made to animals I’d cared for over the years. Only this time I couldn’t place him in a protective cage until I found him a good home.

He and I already shared the same cage.

“Great, we have another mouth to feed,” Trel said with her trademark sneer. “If you could tame something useful, it might be a skill with some potential. But taming birds is good for absolutely nothing.”

“He is so cute. Can I hold him?” Galmine asked, almost begging.

I heard Trel huff, and I laughed to myself. Galmine seemed to be kryptonite to Trel’s superhuman efforts to be mean. It totally fit since she kind of looked like she was made of granite.

I honestly didn’t know if Jinx would let me hand him to someone else, so I mentally assured the bird he would be safe in the hands of my new friend. Then I gently held him until he was right on top of Galmine’s outstretched hands. Once I dropped him, he sat in her gray fingers and began cooing quietly.

“Yay! It likes me,” Galmine said as she gently ran her hands over Jinx’s blue coat. The cooing sound grew as she caressed it, and she let out a small giggle. Her fingers were actually disturbing the feathers enough for me to see that he had an undercoat of white down beneath the blue outer coat. He really was a handsome looking dinosaur.

“I think everyone likes you, Galmine,” I said without really thinking.

She looked at me with puppy dog eyes.

“Oh, Victor. That is so nice of you to say. I know this world is harsh and dangerous, but I’m so glad I met Trel, Sheela, and now you.” Galmine beamed a smile at me before looking at the bird. “And you, too, Jinx. Hello!”

We stood there for a few moments before my thoughts soured and returned to our numerous problems. I’d made myself out to be a great planner, and I’d have to deliver. The lingering smells of the turtle soup reminded me of my hunger and the need to hunt. The pot of water meant another trip to the stream tomorrow so we could get more clay. And I couldn’t forget numerous birds were coming to claim our temporary home. We had a door to figure out. And building a walled fort would be even more daunting.

But all that began tomorrow. Right now, the daylight from outside was nearly gone, and I had to fight my eyelids to stay awake.

“So, I think we know where to start,” I said as I looked at the two women. “Tomorrow we’ll have to get some clay, water, and ferns to make cordage. What do you think, Sheela?”

“Yes,” She answered. “We will also need to hunt for more firewood and food.”

“Yeah, and we need to build some axes,” I went on as the pieces fell into place. “Build axes. Build a door. Cut down trees. Then the fort.”

“I will have to teach you both how to make the cordage,” Sheela added, sounding as tired as I felt.

“It never ends, does it?” I asked.

“Not if we want to do more than barely survive here, as you said,” Sheela replied.

“That’s exactly what we need to do. Survive until we’re picked up,” Trel exclaimed from her nook.

Sheela shook her head in clear disagreement with Trel.

“I just want to get out of here,” Trel began, sounding defeated. “I’m not going to live forever. And where am I? In Hell! The cave stinks. The forest floor is essentially made of poop and dead things. Proper beauty sleep is impossible. I’m eating little bowl-shaped creatures like a commoner. And worst of all, I have to listen to a lowly male get himself voted into our cave and talk endlessly about planning and doing chores. Uhhgg. This is terrible. I want to go home.”

Trel didn’t speak again for a few moments, and I shared a confused look with Sheela and Galmine.

“And everything in this lousy place is sharp. Like this!” Trel’s arm popped out from the side of her curtain, and she tossed a rock that came to rest near Galmine’s feet.

The stone-skinned woman picked up the stone, and her emerald eyes opened with surprise. She handed it to Sheela, who held it out above the firelight.

It was made of the same gray rock as the rest of the cave, but it was naturally contoured like a simple axe head wedge. All we’d need to do is find a way to put the rock on a handle and sharpen it.

“Are you helping?” Sheela asked Trel with uncontained surprise.

“Helping? What? No!” Trel interjected. “I care even less than I did before. The rock was bothering me in my private chamber, and I wanted it gone.”

“Thank you for giving it to us,” I said to Trel, still conflicted on whether I should use her name.

“I would never do anything for you, male,” Trel replied. “As I said. I hate this place, and you, and that rock. So there.”

“I’m sorry you hate me,” I said with a sigh.

I waited for her sarcastic reply, but she surprised me by saying nothing more. She just remained behind her curtain, leaving the rest of us to gather around the fire. We sat down, and I swayed under the flame’s calming spell.

“Please rest now, Victor,” Sheela said. “I will keep watch until it is time to wake Galmine for her shift. She and I take turns.”

I was tempted to curl up around the fire and go to sleep, but we all probably felt the same way. My new friends honored me by voting me into their group, and I needed to share the load equally with them. I wanted to prove I could hang with the tough blonde, but I was also driven to convince the more difficult spider-woman she had me all wrong.

“I’ll take first watch, Sheela,” I said with as much energy as I could muster. “I can tell you’re even more tired than me. You’ve been at it for too long. More than all of us. It’s time you took a break.”

She narrowed her eyes for a moment, but then I saw her shoulders relax some. She might have been the stronger warrior based solely on stats, but she’d been on high alert for weeks and was wrecked. If she had a rating for fatigue, it would be maxed out right now.

“Are you sure?” she asked. “You have earned your rest, too.” Her voice wasn’t very convincing.

“I’m absolutely sure,” I replied. “All I need is for you to show me where you keep guard.”

I followed her to the front entrance of the cave, but before the feline woman could show me where to keep watch, she reached to my face and held her hand over my mouth. Her movement surprised me, and I looked into her eyes as she muffled my involuntary gasp.

Sheela pointed down the hill toward one of the open clearings between the large trees. Six or seven shapes floated back and forth in the deep shadows. Even in the washed out light of dusk I recognized the outlines of the vicious little green-feathered raptors I’d met when I landed on this world. If they came up the ramp, they could end my grand strategy game with a few lazy chomps. We couldn’t stop all of them.

The pack of dinosaurs nosed around like bloodhounds in search of a lost scent, and I worried that they would smell Sheela and me. I also worried Galmine or Trel would call out and accidentally give us away, or that the dinos would hear my heart hammering in my chest.

Then I thought about my new pet.

Jinx woke me up from my hole this morning, and I now wondered if he knew Sheela was stalking me. Jinx ran into my foot when Sheela and I first saw the pterodactyl. Then he ran into me again, tonight. Did he know these guys were out here? Was it a warning, or did he come to the cave because he was scared shitless? If I lived long enough, I was going to study my blue friend and find out exactly what “Tame” could do for me.

The pterodactyl belted out strange chirps at the green raptors when they got too close to the base of its tree. The raptors replied with their own shrieks as they nosed around the trunk. It was dark before they finally ran off into the night, following the yippy call of the alpha male.

Long after they left, Sheela touched me on the elbow to get my attention, and I released all the stress built up in my chest with one long exhale.

“That was insane,” I whispered. “Those are what attacked the others I came here with.”

“They are fearsome,” Sheela whispered. “I would hate to encounter even one of them.”

I considered the implications of why they had come.

“Are they looking for me?” I asked with disappointment.

“There is nothing to be done about it. This confirms that we need a wall around our camp. Your plan is good. We will follow it and adjust when there are new threats.” Sheela touched my shoulder, and I instantly felt a little better.

“Do you still want to take first shift?” she added with a wry smile.

“More than ever.” I was totally serious. If I wanted to stay alive and help protect my new friends, I had to be willing to volunteer for it all. I needed to learn from Sheela and Galmine so I could improve upon their methods. They, in turn, would improve upon mine. No one could pass the buck. Living in a world of dinosaurs was going to take every ounce of self-discipline and intelligence.

We had a big day tomorrow, and if I wanted us to have the best chance of surviving, I was going to have to make sure our best warrior got a restful night of sleep.

Especially since the voice in the back of my mind told me that those green dinosaurs would be back.





Chapter 7


Before she went back inside the cave, Sheela gave me a few pointers for staying awake at night. Standing was the most useful advice, but she also had me shift on my feet and look at things near and far to keep the eyes busy. It reminded me of a million roleplaying encounters with inept castle guards. There was always that one guy who fell asleep or was away from his post playing dice or taking a dump. The last thing I wanted to do was doze off and never wake up because of a sneaky dinosaur, so I shifted on my feet while I leaned on a spear.

Twilight became night, but the forest never turned to complete darkness. I’d seen a red and a white moon when I landed, but the white one rose first tonight. The dull white light sliced through the high canopy, draping the forest floor with a glow very similar to the moon on earth.

What if it was my moon? The aliens seemed capable of anything. They brought me and a bunch of dinosaurs across the stars. Why not bring the moon, too? Maybe the red moon was imported as well?

I tried to get a better look at the large disc and maybe see the familiar craters of Earth’s satellite, but I could only glimpse slivers of white through the crowded pines, and it wasn’t enough of a view to tell for certain.

I tried to put myself in the aliens’ shoes and figure out why I would want an extra moon. What was the physics involved? That got me nowhere because my science background started and stopped with animals. In the end, I decided it really didn’t matter. I was here on this alien world. There were dinosaurs. And I had beautiful women to protect.

As the mystery orb traveled through the sky, numerous flying bugs began glowing and dancing in the grove below me. Some were pinpoints of white light, like tiny candles drifting on the wind. Many yellows twinkled on and off, reminding me of fireflies from back home. But I was truly surprised when a nearby bush started glowing with bright neon green.

A crow-sized firefly crawled up through the branches, and the baseball-sized green bulb on its underside illuminated my guard area like a street lamp. I worried that the glowing insect might be hostile, so I stopped my shifting feet and froze in place.

The bug seemed to consider me for a moment before taking flight and buzzing out into the forest of sequoias. More of its kind showed up, and little green suns quickly created a multicolored light show. When two of the insects came together, their lights flashed as if saying hello to each other. As their numbers grew, the flares became even more dazzling. Over the next hour or so I saw several “parties” of green revelers strobing their lights on and off in complex patterns. A group of forty or fifty bugs hung out nearby, and I imagined I was at a prehistoric rave.

The pterodactyl flapped its wings from time to time as if annoyed by the light show. I pictured her as an angry old woman complaining about “those damned kids” and their bothersome nighttime activities. I, however, was glad the lights kept me awake and helped me keep an eye on that mean old lady in the tree.

Jinx saw her, too. The little blue dinosaur slept curled up just behind my feet. I looked down to make sure he was okay every so often, to distract my tired brain and heavy eyes.

When the giant lightning bugs finally ended their light show, I figured it was close to midnight. The white moon had moved higher in the sky, which was my only clue to the passage of time. The second moon also began its ascent, and it added a red tint to everything. The already strange world became even more alien as the red glow overpowered the softer white of the first moon. For a short time, I was distracted as I watched the colors change.

To help stay awake, I repeatedly checked my dead wristwatch out of habit. How was I going to know when it was time to wake up Galmine? I dwelled on that problem mostly to keep my mind busy, but my droopy eyes soon became a critical issue. Even shifting my feet and admiring nature didn’t help.

I flicked on my Eye-Q to combat the drowsiness. Maybe I could stay awake by exploring the machine jammed inside my head. I turned again to those roleplaying games. If the aliens gave me a user interface, there was probably a scenario explanation, or quest, or something to explain what I was supposed to be doing. I just had to find it.

The interface was a model of efficiency. My name was on the top, and there were a few tabs in a row underneath. One advantage to the simplicity, however, was that it was easy to see when something new appeared. There was one extra tab since the last time I’d checked. The name on it said “Assets.”

Structures: 0

Creatures: 1

Women: 0

What the hell?

Structures was kind of obvious, but I hadn’t seen anything close to a structure since I’d arrived on this planet. I figured that would change once we got down to construction, but why would it even matter? Did I win a prize for building the most structures? Who was I playing against? How big did I have to make one before it would count? I could think of a dozen questions, but no answers.

The word “creatures” was a bit more interesting. The number one was highlighted so I could click it. The next screen appeared as a simple spreadsheet list, but only the first row was filled in. The computer displayed Jinx’s species identification, his sex, as well as a field for his nickname. When I hovered over his name, it gave an option to change it. I was surprised the aliens would bother with such customization.

But the strangest term was “Women.” My man brain made me click on every letter of the word, hoping there was more explanation behind it. Would I be getting women for being on the planet? Did I have to find them? Were they handed out like spoils for killing dinosaurs? Were they the prizes for building structures or upping my creature count?

I mentally rubbed my hands together as I dreamed of the possibilities but soon realized it was my imagination getting away from me. Sure, it would be cool to have that ticker say “Women: 10,” or whatever, but I had never managed to maintain a consistent rating of “Women: 1,” back on earth, and I was pretty stoked when Suzanne was my “1” for those few months, too.

But I lived in a cave with three women already, and they didn’t show up in my stats. Shouldn’t I have a 3 next to “Women,” if that’s how it worked?

I tapped around the Eye-Q using my eye movements. The long night gave me time to practice, so I didn’t have to use my hands. To my relief, even that basic level of mental occupation seemed to keep me from falling asleep. When Galmine came out and tapped me in the middle of the night, I realized it was much like computer games back on earth. I’d completely lost track of time while dicking around with it.

“Hey. My turn,” Galmine whispered as she nudged me.

“Alright,” I whispered as I reviewed my night. I made it through my shift without falling asleep, and other than the occasional cricket, the forest had fallen silent while I passed the time inside the Eye-Q. Even old lady pterodactyl seemed to be zonked. She hadn’t made a peep since the bugs stopped blinking. For my first night, I was satisfied I’d kept a good watch.

I tried to hand her my spear, but she didn’t take it. Instead, she held my arm with both of hers, got on her tiptoes, and stretched toward my face.

“I couldn’t throw it anyway,” she whispered in my ear. “I can shout, though.”

Galmine’s breath was hot against my ear, and I experienced a shiver of pleasure cascade down my spine. She pulled away, but our faces were now inches apart. Even though she was backlit from the fire inside the cave, her emerald eyes seemed to glow green in the darkness. She looked down at my lips, and I felt myself begin to lean toward her.

My heart was hammering in my chest like a marching band’s bass drum.

“Ohhh,” she moaned softly as her hands came up to touch my mouth gently. “You are so handsome, and warm, and hard, and soft. If we kiss, we will continue onto other things. You won’t get much sleeping done, and I won’t get much guarding done.”

“Uhhh, yeah,” I said. It was like Galmine had cast a spell on me, and I shook my head to clear the lust out of my brain. What was I thinking? There was a lot of work to do tomorrow, and the other two women were sleeping only a dozen feet away. I couldn’t have a make-out session with Galmine right now.

Even though I really wanted to.

“But later? I would like that.” She smiled.

“You would?” I whispered with a bit of surprise. The gray-skinned woman looked like a busty supermodel, and I couldn’t quite believe her words.

“Of course,” she whispered. “I like you and want to feel you inside of me.”

“Uhhh. Wait, like sex?” As soon as the words left my mouth, I wanted to pull them back and beat myself over the head with them. It was quite possibly the stupidest thing I’ve ever said, and I already knew what her answer would be. I was being such a creeper, and I hadn’t meant it.

“No,” she said with a slight smile, and I felt my stomach drop. “Love making. Much better than sex.”

“Ummm. Yeah. I guess it--” My tongue tried to knot itself up in my mouth. This couldn’t possibly be happening, and I almost expected Beatrice to call me on my radio or for my alarm clock to wake me up from this dream.

“But we have so much work to do now!” she whispered urgently. “You need your rest. Please go to sleep. I’ll watch over the camp.” Galmine let go of my arms and stood normally. Then she gestured toward the inside of the cave. “Go. I’ll be fine. I’ve done this a bunch.”

“Thanks, Galmine,” I said as I fought against the flurry of different emotions. Part of me wondered if I’d imagined our conversation, but I kept repeating her words over in my head as I stumbled my way to the fire.

Galmine had just thrown a couple big sticks into the dying flames, and they came crackling alive as I sprawled out on the floor. The smoke billowed over me like a familiar blanket, and I coughed in the acrid haze as quietly as I could.

The extra flames cast their light on the sleeping shape across the fire from me. Sheela breathed evenly in what I hoped was a very deep sleep. She was curled up next to the fire in a cat-like pose. Or maybe she was chilly, though it was still a million degrees outside. A part of me wanted to wrap my arms around her to see if she was cold, but that was my exhaustion talking, or possibly it was the arousal from the conversation I’d had with Galmine.

My final thoughts were about crafting a simple bed to avoid being on the ground, but the hard ground didn’t really bother me. I fell asleep about two seconds after my head touched the cave floor, and it felt like only four seconds had passed before I heard someone calling my name.

“Victor. Wake up. It is morning.” Sheela’s Aussie accent was still sexy as hell, but the early hour muted some of the charm.

I was on my stomach with my arms folded under my head. I had used my leather hat as a pillow, and I turned over to see Jinx pecking at the ground near my elbow.

“I’m up,” I replied with a tired voice. “I just had the shortest night of sleep in my life. But I’m ready to go.”

I rolled over to grab my hat, and my position on the ground gave me the perfect view of the undersides of Sheela’s bikini-covered breasts. It was entirely accidental that my eyes went right to them, and since I didn’t want to stare at her, I distracted myself by being deeply interested in sweeping the dirt off each of my pant legs. My tan uniform pants also had a second problem: seeing a sexy woman next to my bed first thing in the morning meant that it was two-by-four hammering time again.

“I have already gotten our water for the morning,” Sheela began. “I also have some leaves for making our cordage--”

“Wait, you went without me?” I was really awake now. I then noticed my socks and boots were drying next to the fire, but I couldn’t recall taking them off. I used it as another distraction while I laced them up.

“Do not worry, Victor. I am rarely bothered in the morning. I think the forest is asleep when the sun first rises.”

The thought of danger worked wonders to wake me up, and I looked around the cave. Galmine slept peacefully a few feet to my right. Trel wasn’t visible, but I had to assume she was in her nook and not outside the cave being helpful. In other words, everything looked as normal as it could be in this abnormal situation.

“Asleep, you say?” I asked as I wondered why we’d go out at any other time. I got to my feet and brushed the sleeves of my shirt. “Can we go out again to get more water, now? Shouldn’t we make our runs only in the morning?”

“I have thought about it many times, but there are not enough safe hours in the day to get anything done,” Sheela replied. “I could not do multiple morning water runs until you joined us. When we have more clay pots, we can each carry one and get water for the whole day. But you are correct, it would be better that way.”

“Thanks,” I said, finally looking at her. I tried to fix my untucked shirt but chuckled at the futility of it. After two days in dino hell, my uniform looked like I’d gotten it wet, rolled it into a ball, then put it back on without ironing it. Wearing this mess to the animal shelter would have been an automatic write-up.

“The plan was for both of us to get water and find materials to make rope,” I said as I kneaded some of the worst creases in my shirt. “Thanks for grabbing that stuff already. Let's take a drink while you show us how to make the cordage, then we can go out and get clay, collect firewood, and catch some fish for breakfast.”

“How will we bring the fish, clay, and firewood back at the same time?” Sheela asked.

She had a point. I knew firsthand how hard it was to carry something over a long distance. Having a pot full of clay would be even heavier. So how the hell would we carry fish? Back home we’d carry them in a cooler, or a net if we didn’t have to go far. I’d also seen people at the beach with multiple fish hooked on stringers.

“You’re going to show us how to make cord, right?” I asked. “That would be perfect to carry the fish.”

“Yes, between the two of us and a loop of cord we can get it all back,” Sheela agreed, and her yellow cat eyes studied me with a strange intensity.

Out of habit, I checked my watch again. Then, seeing it was dead for the hundredth time, I yanked it off and put it in my pocket. I was tempted to throw it in the fire, but I wasn’t ready to let it go forever.

“Shit. We should just go now if the morning is safer. We have so much to do.” If there was a safer time to be outside, I didn’t want to waste a drop of it.

“Victor,” Sheela replied with a sympathetic glance. “We have time. You have to eat before going back out, we both do.”

“We have a lot to do,” I said as I mentally went down the list of all that had to happen today: Make cordage. Get clay. Fish for breakfast. Find firewood. Make an axe. Cut down trees. Make the turnstile. Start the fort. Study Jinx. Guard the cave. Then get more water and food. The list for survival here was endless.

“Will it help if we eat some berries while I demonstrate how to make cordage?” Sheela asked.

She was being practical, and the mere mention of berries was a reminder that I was starving. As long as we ate while doing something useful, it wouldn’t delay us too bad.

“Yeah, we could do that,” I allowed. “But you also have to promise me from now on you’ll wake me when you get up. I want to be ready anytime you go out of the cave. You know, in case you need help to get back in.”

“I will, Victor,” Sheela replied. “But do not worry. Trel was watching the cave today while I was gone.”

“No, Sheela, you offered me an extra drink of water,” Trel groaned from behind her curtain. “Since I was already awake, I decided I wanted to sun myself on the ramp. Now that the male is done sleeping in, I'll stay back here in my room. Thank you very much.”

I had hoped Trel would wake up on the right side of the bed and be in a better mood around me, but it didn’t look like that was going to happen today.

“I’m sure Galmine’s tired, but we need her for the cordage lesson,” I said to Sheela. I wasn't going to bother replying to Trel anymore. It was obvious she wasn't going to like me so she could go fuck herself. Sheela and Galmine were plenty nice and seemed to appreciate me helping them.

“I will wake her,” Sheela volunteered. “She scares easily while asleep.”

She walked to Galmine, bent to one knee next to her, and rubbed the sleeping woman along the top half of her arm.

“Galmine, we need you,” Sheela whispered with surprising tenderness.

The gray-skinned woman smiled at Sheela’s voice without opening her eyes. Galmine stretched her arms and legs as fully as she could, looking like a ballerina on her side. Despite her stony gray skin, Galmine’s body seemed soft and pliable. The gorgeous woman continued her stretch for half a minute and gradually added some innocent moaning with her movements. As soon as she was done, the green-eyed woman sat up and looked at us.

“Good morning,” I said to Galmine.

“Oh, sorry, I lost myself a little,” she replied as she smiled broadly. “Stretching my body in the morning makes me feel amazing. Do you like to feel amazing in the morning, Victor?”

“Uhhh, yeah,” I gulped as my eyes roamed across her breasts, stomach, hips, and thighs. She was drop dead gorgeous.

“And good morning to you. This fireside bed feels so good and is so warm, I hate leaving it. Did you sleep well?” Galmine batted her silver eyelashes at me.

“Yeah,” I lied. It made sense that a woman with stone skin would enjoy bedding on rock, but I sure as hell didn’t. Though I went out like a light, my sleep was about as comfortable as rolling around on broken glass all night. I had sore muscles and joint aches in places that never bothered me in my life. Still, watching her stretch did wonders for my mood. It was pretty much impossible not to smile at anything she did.

“I’m really looking forward to today,” Galmine said with cheer. “We have so many exciting things to do.” The stone woman seemed to go from a dead sleep right to her normal bubbly mode. Even though it was our first night together, I was confident she didn’t have a bad side of the bed.

Once she was satisfied Galmine was awake, Sheela went over to Trel’s curtain and reached behind it. At first, I thought she was going to yank out Trel by one of her hoop earrings, but, instead, she pulled out a giant leaf that was folded to look like a green plastic bag. Sheela set it next to the fire ring and spread it out, revealing a big pile of round berries and yellowish fruits sort of like little wrinkly pears. Galmine had mentioned the fruit and berries were stored in Trel’s area.

Jinx appeared as if he was ready to eat breakfast with us, but Sheela brushed him away with a little smile. He chirped a few times in what had to be a complaint about his horrible treatment.

“Eat as much as you need, Victor,” Sheela offered as she pointed at the berries. “I will try to eat them as well. This will give us energy until we can catch some more nutritious food.”

“Great, thanks for the berries. I’ll snack on them while you show us the cordage, but then we have to be going. We have a ton of stuff to do.” I didn't want to sound frantic, but we really did have a shitload of tasks ahead of us today, tomorrow, and for the next thirtyish days. If we wanted to live past the angry orange-bird invasion, we needed to get a move on.

“I will get the leaves we need,” Sheela replied as she stepped over to the woodpile where she kept them.

I sat down next to Galmine and laughed inwardly at the contrast between us. Her gray skin seemed to glow in the morning like it was fresh and new. My outward appearance was a case study in uniform infractions.

The silver-haired woman cozied up next to me while we both leaned over the mixture of berries and fruits, and I remembered the words she whispered to me last night. She wanted to “make love with me, not just have sex.” That sentence was a one-song playlist on endless repeat deep inside my man brain. I shuddered as her arm rubbed against mine, but she made no further advances.

“Which of these are good?” I asked Galmine partially to be polite, and partially so that I could distract myself with small talk. Her perfume was stronger than I remembered and strangely calming.

“The dark blue ones are fabulous,” she said as she popped one of the acorn-sized blue berries in her mouth.

“Yeah. They’re damned good,” I agreed after biting into one. The berries looked like blueberries but tasted more like strawberries.

While I crammed in more berries, Sheela brought over a bunch of leaves that looked like long, skinny, palm fronds. Then she sat down in front of us.

“So,” Sheela began, “we make cordage by stripping long leaves down to raw strips of tough, stringy material. Then we wrap two of those strands in a spiral, so they become very durable. On my world, we use a tough grass that grows taller than I can reach. Here, I have not found such grass, but these smaller plants are very strong. They should work perfectly.”

Sheela gave one of the leaves to me and another to Galmine. They were about three feet long and three inches wide when laid flat. They reminded me of yucca plant leaves, only not as pointy.

“That’s it?” I asked. “Rip and twist?” I thought it would be a lot more complicated.

“It is very simple,” Sheela countered.

I chewed some more berries while studying the leaf. It had definite stripes along the length. It was almost as if the leaf was made of dozens of hidden segments lined up next to each other. I made a clumsy effort to pull at the outermost one but it took me awhile because I didn’t have sharp fingernails like Sheela.

The blonde woman made short work of her demo leaf, popped some berries into her mouth, and then focused on Galmine and my progress. Her grimace made me think that she didn't really like the berries. In fact, her mechanical chewing reminded me of how I must have looked when Mom forced me to eat peas at dinnertime when I was a kid.

Sheela caught me watching her and smiled. Her teeth were blue, and I let out a light chuckle.

“You have blue teeth,” I said as I opened up my mouth to show her mine.

“Oh!” Sheela gasped as she shut her mouth. I was surprised she was so bashful, but Trel interrupted before I could make another comment.

“The male’s eating habits are as appalling as his unsatisfactory uniform appearance,” Trel said while standing next to her half-opened curtain. “But I guess now that we’ve made him a part of our group he can reveal who he really is: a slob. His supposed expertise leaves much to be desired.”

I was stunned at her blunt words, but I held my tongue rather than snap back at her. She had some issue I needed to figure out, but in the meantime, I definitely remembered this part of the animal control department training videos on how to deal with difficult residents. Sometimes it’s best just to let them be mad for a while.

I picked up a second leaf and got busy tearing off the strips. Sheela also began her next one. Galmine was still working on her first but was nearly done.

When I didn’t reply to Trel, she groaned with annoyance and stepped out of her alcove. She’d kicked off her fancy sandals, and my eyes went right to her two bare human feet as she walked to the water pot. The responsible part of my brain advised me to look away from her antics, but my eyes had a mind of their own.

“I must quench my desire,” Trel declared while giving me a sideways glance. “For water,” she added as an afterthought.

My man brain went into record mode as she casually bent over to grab the water jug. Her thin dress hadn’t gotten soaked with the sweat of the day, so the material hung loosely from her curves, rather than sticking to them. Even so, the garment strained under the weight of her breasts. I fully expected her to say “oopsie,” and spill the water over her front just to further taunt me.

“You do realize you have yet to close your blue mouth, male?” Trel said with smug satisfaction after she had taken a drink. “So rude. You’re easy to read and even easier to manipulate.”

Damn, she was right.

I closed my stupid mouth when the spell of her beauty was short-circuited by the power of her insult. I thought about a million curses to throw back at her, but I also knew I didn’t have time for it right now. We were at the early build parts of our plan, and if there was anything I knew from real-time strategy games, it was that the first few minutes of a match were the most important. I could waste time telling Trel off, or I could finish making rope and accomplish something useful, then go get clay, food, and firewood. One activity was going to help us survive for the next month. The other wouldn’t.

Trel took her drink and set the pot back down without drama. I didn’t watch her though. Instead, I picked around in the fruit and tried one of the pears. It was bitter, which was so fitting.

“Will you be joining us?” Sheela asked of Trel.

“What do you think?” Trel replied. “I’ll be in my quarters, listening for the sounds of rescue ships.” She sauntered to her nook with her flowing dress hanging from her hips. Her legs were folded into their “wings” configuration, which counteracted some of my attraction to that perfect ass. I didn’t find the spider legs completely repulsive this time, so I guess I was starting to get used to them.

Sheela sighed as the spider-woman pulled the curtain shut once more, but brightened again when she saw me finish tearing apart my second leaf frond.

“Excellent job, you two. Galmine, you have a gift for this. Your cuts are perfect.” Sheela held up one of Galmine’s pieces. It was a thin, yellowish strand about the width of a shoestring.

“My fingers are not as flexible as yours,” Galmine said with a pleasant laugh. “But I can do this all day long. It’s kind of fun.”

It wasn’t anything close to my idea of fun. I could do it all day long if I had to, but by dinnertime, my fingers would probably be covered in blisters. I pulled off a few more strands and laid them next to each other so I could get a much better look at the makeup of the plant. The green “meat” of the leaf is what seemed to hold the strands together. If I had a sturdy comb, I could have brushed the cords right out of the leaf.

That gave me an idea. I held my half-torn leaf with both hands about six inches from each other and then ran it along one of the edges of a rock in the fire ring. The rough surface immediately stripped away the green crap and left me with a wear spot in the middle of my leaf. Only the stronger strands were left holding the two halves together.

I quickly yanked the exposed strands, starting in the middle. I was done with my leaf in about half the time it took Sheela to do hers. Galmine was much slower doing it Sheela’s way because she didn’t seem to have quite the same dexterity.

“Hey, check this out,” I said with excitement. “If I rub the leaf just right, I can expose the strands better than using my fingers. This might help Galmine go faster.”

I illustrated the method by repeating my experiment. It really did make things quicker.

“I’d love to try it,” Galmine said as she scooted toward the fire ring.

A few minutes later she was ripping leaves on the rock and setting the strips in a pile next to her. With the new technique, she was able to go about as fast as Sheela and me. It was a definite improvement.

“This is great, Victor,” she said to me with mischievous eyes. “Thank you. My fingers can be soooo clumsy.” She paused and looked up at me and bit her lip. “With some things.” I remembered her sexy whispers, but I forced my mind back to the tasks at hand, and tried to ignore the sexual tension between us.

We really had to get moving.

“Let me show you how to twist a few.” Sheela picked up one of the strands and began to roll it between her fingers. “Then you will be able to work on these while Victor and I are gone.” Sheela probably sensed my impatience because my knee bounced with nervous energy throughout her whole presentation.

“The strength of the rope comes from twisting these flat strands so they become rounded,” Sheela said. “First, by starting in the middle we can rotate the strand so tight that it creates a natural loop, like this.” She rolled it in such a way a loop appeared at the halfway point. It reminded me of a lone shoelace, if you tied a knot in the middle and then lined up the two halves of the lace so they were side by side.

“From here, just twist the two dangling ends together like a braid. It is simple to add in additional strands when you near the end of any length.” Sheela spun the two ends together and added in new pieces with remarkable speed as the twist neared the ends. In five minutes, she’d spun a couple feet of cord. She then looked to us to do it on our own.

I rolled my strand as she had done. It took a few tries to get the loop right, but once I did, the twisting went fast. The concept seemed simple enough, but I added a couple additional sections as practice. When I was done with the first foot-long cord, I watched Galmine’s methodical movements. I wanted to claw my face at how slow she went, but I couldn’t immediately see a way to improve her technique, and Sheela seemed satisfied Galmine had the method down.

“Hey Sheela, if we join our two pieces together, it will be long enough for us to use for carrying fish back.” I picked from my pile of strands and began to twist new ones onto my foot-long sample of cord.

Sheela and I worked a few more minutes to lengthen our sample ropes. When it looked like we had enough, Sheela tied mine with hers, so it was about four feet long. During that same time, Galmine was only able to finish her first six inches.

“This should be plenty, would you agree?” Sheela asked me.

“For a few fish? Sure,” I replied as I took the cord from her and stuffed it in my large front pocket.

“Thanks for helping ladies,” I said as I jumped to my feet. “Are we good to go? I want to get to the lake as soon as possible.” I was so happy to have one of our team members doing something useful like making cords, but it was going to be awhile before she finished her one-foot demo piece. That left Sheela and me standing around. As Beatrice always said, “You got time to lean, you got time to clean.” I wasn’t anxious to clean, but her words did have some wisdom for getting shit done.

“Yes, thank you, Sheela. Go, you two. I can do this. Don’t forget clay when you’re out. If you can keep it wet that will save me from using all of our water to mix it.” Galmine pointed to our half-gallon supply of water.

We’d need more water if we were going to be making pottery, so it made sense to drink the rest of our supply and then refill it while we were at the lake. But we couldn’t carry water, clay, fish, and firewood at the same time. Something would have to be pushed back. Since the first three were all found at the lake, the firewood had to get the metaphorical axe. We’d find that later in the day.

“We should all drink the pot empty,” I suggested while pointing to the water container. “We can bring back more water while we get the clay to save time.” Part of it was maximizing efficiency, but I was also so thirsty I could easily down the whole thing myself.

“It will be a little farther to carry it from the lake, but we will already be moving slow with the clay, fish, and firewood,” Sheela said in agreement.

“Let’s save the firewood for later, Sheela,” I said as I shared my thought process. “We have enough stored here in the cave to get us by. I’d rather get the supplies we need at the lake in one shot. Next time we’ll make a handcart.” The wheel was the simplest machine there was. I was sure I could make one at some point.

“I agree,” Sheela replied with a tiny smile.

“All right. Everyone needs to hurry and drink some more water.” I shot looks to each of the three women.

“Pass,” Trel immediately responded.

“I’ll take a little,” Galmine said.

I picked it up and carried it to her, but she only took a small sip before returning to her task. The pot had about an inch of water left, and I brought it over to the beautiful cat-woman.

“Thank you,” Sheela said after she took a small drink.

“That’s all you want?” I asked, amazed she hadn’t taken at least half of what was left.

“I require no more,” she replied.

“Okay, let me finish this, and we can go,” I said. “Down the hatch.” I slammed every last drop of what was left.

I felt pretty good with a little food and water in my stomach, but I was left with a disturbing aftertaste because Trel hadn’t voluntarily taken some. Why did she spend so much time being angry with me? Yes, she drank water a little while ago, but that didn’t feel like the real reason she refused more. Her issues with me were affecting her judgment.

“Can you remind me of Trel’s full name?” I said quietly to Sheela.

“Trel-Idil-Iria, Duchess of family Iria.” She seemed unsurprised that I would ask such a question.

Though it would cost me a few extra minutes, I hoped I’d found the source of her anger. I didn’t think I was the least bit rude to her, but there was one thing I should have done better. If she wanted me to call her by her full name, I’d do it. The show of respect seemed a minor investment with a potentially huge reward.

I repeated it over and over in my head and noted that it kind of rhymed. When I knew I had her name memorized, I returned just inside the entrance.

“Thanks, Galmine, for helping out. And thank you Trel-Idil-Iria, Duchess of family Iria for watching over her while we’re out.” I happened to see Jinx near the fire. He’d gotten himself a big blue berry and pecked into it like a little jackhammer. “And watch out for Jinx, if you can.”

“Bye-bye,” Galmine replied with a friendly wave. “We will.”

Trel said nothing from behind her screen, which was much better than her normal insults, so I took it as a marginal victory.

Sheela and I walked down the ramp, through the bushes and rocks, until we stood at the edge of the grove of redwoods. She pointed almost straight up to the pterodactyl on its familiar perch, and I glanced up to see the winged dinosaur watching us in return.

“We need a disguise,” I said as a joke. “So we can slip out without her knowing we’re gone.”

“She did not bother me when I got water this morning. Maybe she hunts later in the day?” Sheela suggested.

“Or, maybe she learned her lesson when we threw spears at her,” I said with a bit of satisfaction. Although the fact she was there at all made me think the pterodactyl believed there was a chance at getting into the cave.

“I wish I could snap my fingers and have our turnstile built for the entrance,” I said while looking up one last time. “It would make it so we didn’t have to worry about her.”

“Perhaps when we return?” Sheela replied.

“Yeah, we have to risk her flying down while we’re gone. It would take too long to make the cord and put all those poles together. We’ll stick with food and water this morning, then everything else.” I felt a bit discouraged when I thought about how much there was to do, but I was happy to get a move on.

“Our journey will take us up there,” Sheela said while pointing up the hill. “We will follow the ridgeline above this little valley until we reach the lake where I found you. It will be much safer than walking down the creek. The dinosaurs favor the water, even in the morning.”

“So, we can expect trouble at the lake?” I said with a little sarcasm.

“Yes,” Sheela replied. “The lake always has predators lurking, but we have no real alternative.”

“Couldn’t we walk that way? Along the foot of the hill?” I pointed to our left, which was the same way the creek flowed.

“You think of every possibility,” Sheela said. “This is good. I prefer to stay on the ridgelines because the dinosaurs seem to prefer the lowlands. Not all of them. But many. This ridge has few trees and less distraction. Most animals will stay in the safety of ground cover.”

“Won’t we be seen up there?” I replied. I thought again of Bambi and what happened to his mother in the open field.

“Yes,” she nodded. “But observing them from far away helps us avoid true surprise and gives us options. It is a trade-off.”

My brain processed everything she said and could find no fault in her logic. Last night, those green raptor dinos had been snooping around not far from where we were now standing. The pterodactyl also refused to leave the grove. Going up onto the hill to get away from those beasts didn’t seem like such a bad idea.

“You want me to lead?” I asked with surprise when Sheela motioned for me to go in front of her. This was one of those times my first impulse was to let her take the lead and study what she did. Assign the task to the best player in the group and all that. But deep down I thought it would be cool to be in charge.

“To survive, we must both lead,” Sheela replied. “I watched when you were alone in the jungle yesterday, and you did make mistakes, but I suspect much of that was due to dehydration. If I see you about to make similar errors, I will caution you.”

“Thanks for the vote of confidence,” I said after a deep, calming breath and an internal. “I’m willing to try,”’ Learn by doing was how I lived my life before I came here. I endured high school and a little college, but most of what I learned about animals came from working with my parents in their animal hospital and not through textbooks. This was no different.

I walked with Sheela following me around the rocks near the cave entrance so we could begin our ascent up the slope. A few of the big redwoods dotted the hillside in each direction, but most of the trees ahead of us were smaller and more like the elms, oaks, and regular-sized evergreens from back home.

We’d run next to the same hill last night, but it had been hard to get perspective in the evening shadows. The crest of the hill was a couple hundred yards above us and went left and right as far as I could see through the trees. The slope was somewhat steep, but we didn’t have to crawl or hold onto trees to pull ourselves along.

The rocky hillside became exposed, and the trees thinned out as we neared the bare, windswept summit. A few lichens and mosses dotted the rocks, but not much else. The ridgeline stretched to our left and right like a dark spine, and I stopped us just before I reached the very top.

“See something?” Sheela whispered.

“No. I didn’t want to stand on the top and be seen by everyone on both sides.” I didn’t explain the lesson came from video games. A million newbie players started their first-person shooter careers by standing out in the open so they could get cut down a second later.

“Yes. Well done, Victor. Hunters in my tribe travel along the backside of hills for that same reason. We should look over the top to ensure there are no creatures along the frontside of the ridge where we intend to walk.”

“So, you were just testing me?” I smirked at her.

“Perhaps.” She returned my smile and gestured for me to keep going.

We crept along the rocks until we had a view over the top of the hill.

“Wow,” I breathed out with awe.

The far side of the hill was essentially a cliff above the ocean. We were about a hundred feet above the stark blue water and we looked out on a V-shaped bay. A dark, volcanic mountain was on the left side; a jungle was on the right. Several islands hunkered on the distant horizon, including the one I briefly thought was Catalina from back home. Little clouds dotted the sky above them, and the scene was all sorts of peaceful.

Except for the hordes of dinosaurs lurking in the jungle.

“Why didn’t you tell me the ocean would be here?” I asked with a good-natured laugh.

“Some surprises are useful,” she replied with a feline twinkle in her eye.

“Damn, I don’t care if this is a dinosaur hellscape, this world sure is beautiful.” I could see for miles in every direction except where the redwoods stood behind me.

“That fucking figures,” I said. “We live next to a damned volcano.”

A lone, shattered mountain hugged the coastline on the left side of the bay. The greens and browns of redwoods lapped at the base, but nothing grew on the mountain itself. It would probably fit right into the Sierra Nevada’s back home, but it seemed all the more impressive because it stood alone next to the water. The entire top half appeared to have been blown outward like a giant volcano had exploded. White and gray smoke belched out of the top like an industrial-era factory, making me wonder if the inside was filled with lava. Gigantic, black spires of shiny rock projected high above the lip of the volcano, almost looking like a clawed hand reaching out from the smog.

“It is impressive,” Sheela agreed. “Galmine said she arrived on the planet down there, on that tiny beach.” She pointed near the ocean waves below the volcano, but it was difficult to look down because the water reflected the rays of the morning sun directly into my eyes.

“Amazing,” I said looking away from the glare. “How did she get up those cliffs?” The mountain was bad enough, but the thin beach on that side of the bay was guarded by high cliffs as far as I could see.

“I do not ask her a lot of questions about her time alone. As I said about Trel, each of us carries the weight of that period of fear and handles it differently. I would be wary to climb those cliffs myself. I have been to the edge, and it is too high for my…” she paused for a long moment. “Climbing abilities.”

I thought of my own journey and instinctively looked to the crowded jungle on the right side of the bay. The sandy beach and rainforest where I struggled to stay alive was somewhere in front of me. As the pterosaur flies, I couldn’t be too far from where I lost my shark-man acquaintance.

“Sorry. I can’t help my curiosity,” I replied. “I guess I wouldn’t want to talk about my trip through the jungle, either, except that you already saw how mine ended.”

“The past is done. We must go this way.” She pointed to our right, along the spine of rock, but waited for me to go first.

“Now that we’re on somewhat level ground, are you okay if I run?” I asked.

“I would do the same,” she agreed.

We jogged along the ocean side of the ridgeline so we could see the forest below. We traveled for probably half an hour at that speed, only stopping to ensure nothing was sneaking up on us from the forest side of the hill. I also had to stop a few extra times in between to catch my breath. Thankfully, the only hints of trouble we encountered were distant howls, though that sound never really went away.

The smell of the ocean drifted on the air when the wind blew in the proper direction. The breeze took the edge off the increasing heat of the morning and my exertion from running. It reminded me of being near the beach back home, which made it easier to block out all the things that could kill me here, just for a little while.

From time to time we’d see giant pterodactyls gliding on the wind far out over the ocean. They really were magnificent creatures, especially when they weren’t trying to eat us. As we departed from the view of the bay, we saw more trees and fewer of those soaring birds.

Finally, we entered what I assumed was the same jungle I’d escaped yesterday. The spine of the ridgeline went downward into the familiar choke of vines and trees, and we stuck with it until I had to stop at a jumble of white flowering vines blocking our path. It was the perfect place to catch my breath while looking for a way through.

“It is not much farther,” Sheela advised, hardly breathing any faster than normal. She leaned on her spear as she often did while talking to me.

“How did you even find this place?” I asked.

“I had to know what was around us. I have travelled from far up the beach,” Sheela said while pointing her thumb back over her shoulder. “So getting a feel for the area near the cave has been an interest of mine.”

“How much have you explored?”

“From the cave, I know the grove of tall redwood trees sits in a broad valley with a stream down the middle. I consider that the north side of our territory. The volcano of cracked rock by the ocean is to the east. Beyond that is the coastline I walked to get here.” She then pointed to the rainforest to her left. “And this jungle runs to the west. I do not know how far it goes.”

“And to the south?” I asked.

“Ocean and islands. I have not explored, of course, but perhaps one day we will have time to build a boat,” Sheela said matter-of-factly.

“Maybe there are people out there. Or resources we can harvest. Who knows?” I said while thinking about that future voyage. I could barely see beyond my empty stomach and parched lips to consider building a boat, but I fantasize a bit about sailing on the water. I stood there in thought for a minute while my heart rate decreased.

“Let’s keep going,” I said to end the brief delay. I picked my way through the white flowering vines until it was clear enough to resume our jog. My sore muscles complained about every step for most of our trip, but the morning’s sharp pain was now more of a dull annoyance as my muscles got used to the activity. My uniform didn’t help, either, as the sweat-drenched long pants stuck to my legs or became caught in vines and brambles. When I got back to the cave, I was seriously going to look at cutting shorts out of them to make running a whole lot cooler and easier.

In ten minutes we were deep in the thick of the jungle, and I recalled those first few hours of meeting blood-thirsty raptors and running for my life. I almost hoped to see Kelg or Heracula emerge from the vines and clogged undergrowth. Each would claim I’d fallen into some hilarious practical joke and I’d soon be on my way home.

However, the useless fantasizing didn’t last long. I now accepted my current situation, and this world, for what it was. In fact, getting my head straight was one of my biggest victories so far. Reliving the landing reminded me how lucky I was to fall into the laps of three beautiful women. And I couldn’t overlook I was already back in the same jungle, armed and a little less afraid. The shark man might even say I was “dangerous” now.

That made me smile for a moment. I was glad to have known him, even for those few minutes.

“The lake is just up ahead,” Sheela said after running for a little while longer. “I will lead for a couple of minutes, so I can show you where we need to go. Okay?”

“I’ll be right behind you,” I said. I was proud that I’d gotten us there, but this was one of those times when experience trumped everything else, including my ego. She was a regular at the lake and made killing a giant croc look easy.

“Those are places we must avoid,” she cautioned when we tore through vines and walked around flat areas which reeked of urine. “I suspect they are mating areas. We do not want to smell of animal pheromones.”

I thought of Galmine’s dizzying scent and could imagine the consequences of being that enticing to a dinosaur.

She eventually brought us to a familiar-looking ten-foot cliff. We walked along the edge for about seventy-five feet before reaching a little waterfall spilling over into the jungle below us.

That’s when I recognized it was the same creek I’d used to guide me up and out of the lower part of the jungle. Just before I dunked my head in the lake and almost had it taken off by the giant croc.

“There is the body of the crocodile,” Sheela said as if reading my thoughts.

We were now on the opposite shore of the little lake, but the corpse of the huge monster was impossible to miss. It remained where she’d struck it dead at the edge of the water. However, it did look as if it had been visited by the steak knife salesman.

Something big had come along and turned it over, so its belly faced the sky. Then the scavenger must have sliced the dead croc’s stomach wide open and made it into a serving dish. Blood and bones were splashed randomly all over the muddy bank. In spite of having been gutted, some meat must have been left on the bones, because small dog-sized dinosaurs nosed through the carcass. They were miniature versions of the green-feathered raptors I knew so well, but their feathers were almost all black.

Sheela guided us through some tall marsh grasses on our side of the lake so the little black dinos couldn’t see us. I was sort of sad to see the body being picked apart, but obviously, I was stoked it wasn’t me lying over there. I glanced ahead to Sheela’s athletic frame, thankful she saved me from that horrible fate. She’d given me a second chance at this world.

We walked for a few minutes before I realized the lake was much larger than I remembered. The small pond where the crocodile and I met was one cove of a much larger body of water. Now that I was safely on the shore and not dying of dehydration, I saw the lake beyond. Sheela guided us along the confusing bends of the jungle shoreline until we arrived at a thin slice of water about twenty feet wide.

“We can be somewhat safe here,” she said as she crouched near the water.

About fifty feet away there was a narrow passage leading to the main lake. That constriction made our little cove very private from the open water side, and I glanced around us to ensure there were no animals.

The dense jungle pressed in from all sides, giving us a bit of privacy on the shore, and I figured that a dino would have to stumble through the trees before it would see us. The undergrowth stopped a few feet before it met the water, giving us a way to walk around the cove.

I stood next to Sheela on the red clay shore and poked my spear in the water several times. When I was satisfied no crocs were hiding, I got down on my knees and dipped my hat. It had too many seams to hold water for very long, but it was still better than using my hands. And I sure as hell wasn’t ready to stick my face in. I yanked it out, took a quick drink, and poured the rest on my head.

“I’m in heaven,” I said while trying to forget that I was in a sick amusement park world called Dinosaurland.

However, I couldn’t forget for long because I had endless worries. Galmine was probably only on her second leaf, which wasn’t her fault, but it put pressure on me to think of ways to speed her up. Getting to the lake took longer than I expected. I was already starting to worry about how we were going to get firewood and then dinner tonight.

“It was a good idea bringing the pot for more water,” Sheela said, now kneeling at the water’s edge next to me.

“I appreciate that you went out and got it the first time today,” I said. “If I knew the lake was this far, I might have drunk Trel’s portion before she could come out and insult me.” I turned to gauge the cat-woman’s response, but she seemed distracted for a moment.

“May I borrow that?” she finally said while looking at my sopping wet outback hat. I passed it over, and she did the same thing I’d done: she dipped it in the water, took a drink, then poured the remainder over her head.

“Refreshing,” she declared, before passing the drippy hat back to me. While on her knees, she used both of her hands to brush back her wet and wild hair, looking every bit like she belonged at Lacey’s pool party. I couldn’t help but marvel at how attractive she was.

“Trel was correct about something, you know,” she said dryly.

“This should be hilarious,” I said with a touch of anxiety.

“She described you as easy to read, which you are. To her, that is a flaw. I, however, prefer strong males who see what they want and do what they must do to take it, and I see you looking at me, Victor.”

“Looking at you?” I asked with concern as I got my hat back on. I never expected an alien like Sheela to notice me, but all of a sudden I knew I was going to get the very Earth-like “You aren’t my type,” speech.

“You look at Galmine and Trel just the way you look at me. I know why you do it,” she said in an even tone.

“I, uh.” My heartbeat was an untamed mustang while I waited for her to keep talking.

“You desire sexual fulfillment,” she said in a sympathetic tone. “It is in your eyes when you look at each of us. Trel, for instance, confuses and excites you. I do not know why she behaves that way around you.”

“Galmine, however, hides nothing,” she continued. “While we have known you only a short time, you have shown yourself to be honorable and kind. That is enough for her to want to know you better. I believe you would find her most receptive to your desires.”

I considered what Galmine said in my ear last night and wondered if the two women talked about it before I woke up.

I rubbed my head and peered into the water, hoping the next words out of her mouth would be what I wanted to hear. Sure, Galmine’s curves were hot beyond words, and Trel was, well, gorgeous and deadly in one convenient package. But Sheela was a health-magazine-cover “physical trainer” kind of sexy that was well beyond my wildest fantasies back home. Just listening to the all-business warrior woman talk about sex while we were in a danger-filled jungle was making my heart race.

“As for me, while I appreciate your interest in my body, I cannot act on such attraction because I am married.”

“Oh, ahh. Okay,” I quickly said, even though my chest was saying: “Well, fuck.”

“I am glad you understand.” Sheela didn’t look at me. Instead, she got busy filling the pot with water, then she stood up and carried it away like nothing had just happened.

I was left with my thoughts as the water rippled across the surface of the pond. By the time the ripples were gone, I’d taken comfort that her being married was a pretty good reason to reject me. I would respect her values and keep my head up high. And she did mention Galmine had an interest in me. That was a walk-off homerun in itself, but I couldn’t even think about it until I was safe back in the cave.

“Alright, let’s get some breakfast,” I said as I got to my feet.

It bugged me that we had to get into the water to jab a spear at the fish. Fishing with hand grenades would be more appropriate for this world. Perhaps with a little time, we could make a fishing pole, string together a net, or figure out how to create one of those fish basket things I’d seen on those survival shows. Could a bow and arrow be used for fishing? Anything but stepping into the same water with prehistoric crocodiles.

Thankfully the water was shallow enough we could see the shapes of fish pretty easily and confirm there were no big predators in our cozy cove.

“I’ll stand over there, and we’ll work toward each other,” Sheela said as she walked down the shore a little way. She went waist-deep into the water with a small splashing sound that didn't seem to startle any of the fish. I did my best to be equally stealthy and got to about the same depth in the warm water, but had to move a few steps in her direction to get out of the shallows. When we were both in position, I gave her a thumbs-up, and she pointed down to let me know she was ready.

She held her spear in a cocked throwing position and then froze like a statue. I mirrored her and watched the bottom for movement.

Our statuesque fishing stance dragged onto minutes as we were waiting for one of the fishes to swim near us. Across the lake, a mixed herd of duck-billed human-sized dinosaurs tugged at leaves, rolled in the mud, and warily poked their heads in the water. Another group of elephant-sized dinos with funny-shaped tubular crests splashed at the water’s edge like kids at the beach. They were at least two hundred yards away, so I didn’t think they could see us, but I stayed alert just in case.

I finally saw movement below me. A big fat fish flashed its reflective scales under the sunlight, and I got a good look at it. Then I jabbed my spear into the three-foot-deep water and aimed for that shimmer.

“Holy shit. I hit something,” I said, almost at a shout.

I pulled up a dinner plate sized light-colored fish that had huge teeth. My first impression was that I’d caught a piranha, and I almost dashed out of the water. Didn’t they travel in schools? Was I being surrounded by others? Would they be drawn by the blood of their own kind?

“Are these what’s in the lake?” I asked while pushing back the irrational fear. We’d been fine the whole time, and Sheela said nothing about flesh-eating fish.

“Yes. They are common. There are some reddish striped fish that I have caught also, but those are more common in our little stream,” she replied.

“Do they all have teeth like this?” The fish I held had a mouth full of razors a lot like Heracula’s knife-like set. As daunting as the teeth were, the rest of the fish was pretty ordinary. It reminded me of those decorative fish tank species that were as tall as they were long. This one was about a foot long and had some meat to it. Definitely not a catch and release.

I had to get out of the water to set it down. I tore a big leaf off one of the nearby plants and used it as a drop cloth. The spear had gone in almost right smack in the middle, and the wound was now a bloody mess. Since I didn’t have a knife or sharp rock handy to kill the fish, I used the spear again to end its suffering.

“First blood,” I said to Sheela, repeating a phrase I’d heard many times in video games.

As I walked back into the water, Sheela speared her own fish. It was one of the red kind and was about twice as long as mine, but a lot thinner. She came out of the water and put hers next to mine. I ignored her wet body while I set up for my next attempt. Fishing was serious business, and I wanted to prove my first catch wasn’t a fluke.

“Second blood,” she replied as she humanely dispatched it, perhaps not understanding my words.

My beginner’s luck ended after the first fish. I made several thrusts to hit the movements below me, but I missed each time. Sheela, on the other hand, landed four more of the white fish in the next half hour.

“I think we have enough to head back, we still have a lot of shit to work on. What do you think?” I reassured myself I wasn’t a sore loser. Sheela didn’t even know I was trying to beat her. We had plenty of fish for this outing, and we had to get back. On our next trip, I would let her do the fishing while I did one of my other tasks.

“I am ready, yes,” she said in a hushed voice. I could tell she was stalking another fish, so I didn’t push her.

“I’ll get the clay,” I replied. That would be the easiest assignment of the morning. The whole cove was nothing but red clay dirt and mud.

I crouched by the pile of fish and tipped over the empty food pot. It was easy to see the pot came from this spot, since the red dirt of the shore matched it exactly. I used my hands to scoop in some clay-mud and pack it to the brim so it looked a lot like a flower pot filled with soil. Eventually, we could make a shitload of these pots to grow our own food, and another big problem would be solved. I was excited at having thought of one more tech advancement, but we were a long way from those technological developments. Deep down I guess I hoped Trel was right, and help would soon be here. But I believed Sheela even more; we had to plan as if rescue was never coming.

Sheela made a grunting sound as she speared another fish. I watched her lift the white shark-mouthed catch out of the water and marveled again at her beautiful fuzzy body.

“Gee. You caught another,” I said with playful sarcasm as she approached. “I think it’s safe to say you’re the master fisherwoman in our tribe. Give me that fish, and I’ll string all of them to this cord so we can carry them.” I pulled the rope from my pocket and once again avoided looking at her soaking bikini bottom.

She held her catch so I could pull it off her spear, and then I got busy winding the rope through the gills of all six of the dead fish. It wasn’t very pretty, and might attract bloodthirsty predators, but there was no other way.

“Can you grab some water?” I said while concentrating on my project. All I had to do was tie it off, and we were ready. “I want to--”

A powerful dinosaur roar shook my bones and almost made me drop the fish rope.

“I vote we leave right this second,” I urged as I fumbled with the finished cord. All the fish slid down the line, so they sat at the bottom, and the looped rope was perfect to put my arm through so I could sling the fish over my shoulder.

I felt as much as heard the next few roars. They weren’t the friendly honks and horseplay of the dinosaurs across the lake. The bellows were throaty and commanding like from a Tyrannosaurus Rex, at least as I knew it from television. There was more than one, but less than a hundred.

“Agreed,” Sheela said in a hushed voice.

We were faced with a new problem. We now had two pots to carry along with our spears and the fish. It was a classic loadout problem for me to solve, but it wasn’t really that difficult, even under pressure.

“I’ll carry both pots,” I said to Sheela as she lifted the full water pot up from the bank. “So you can carry both spears.”

“Where is your spear?” she asked as she set the water pot on top of the one I’d filled with clay.

“What the?” I scanned the shore and didn’t see my weapon. I knew it was close because I’d just had it, but so were giant dinos.

“Leave it. We have to go. Now!” I tried to sound confident, rather than panicky, but I was scared shitless.

In five seconds I had the water pot balanced on top of the other one and then lifted them both from the ground. The stack seemed stable, and I nodded to Sheela. Then we jogged as fast as I could manage without spilling the water. We headed into the trees back toward our cave and away from the sound of the roaring dinosaurs.

I tried my hardest to keep up, but the best I could manage for a long period was a fast walk. Sheela stayed within eyesight but went ahead a bit to ensure there weren’t predators lying in wait. I caught up with her while she looked at the jungle behind us with her spear raised in throwing position.

“Oh, shit. What do you see?” I whispered as I waited next to her. The jungle was so thick we couldn’t see much farther than the distance of a good spear throw, so I expected a toss at any second.

The roaring and commotion of giant footsteps kept getting louder. It was obvious that the massive creatures were getting closer, and my brain started pumping even more adrenaline through my muscles.

“I thought I saw movement. We must run.” Despite everything, she kept her cool and spoke in her usual dry, Aussie voice.

“Just go,” I said with a massive effort to be level-headed as well. “I won’t lose you.”

She led us forward, and I almost managed to run. I was already in need of a short rest to catch my breath, but I ignored the pain. It pissed me off my physical conditioning was so lame.

I really hoped my lack of fitness wasn’t about to get me killed.

The cracks and chaos of falling trees and breaking branches rumbled from the surrounding jungle.

“Fuck! That was close,” I shouted, but then I realized we were trying to be stealthy, and I shut my mouth with a snap.

Sheela was only a little ways ahead, and I did my best to keep up. While I fast-walked, a flock of tiny red birds got spooked out of the dense cover to my right. One of them turned and pecked at my fish for a few seconds but then flew on.

They were fleeing from something that had scared them.

A moment later I was passed by a large four-legged animal barking and yipping kind of like a dog. It sported wooly gray fur with big black dots all over. Its whip-like tail clipped my right knee as it shot by, though it didn’t even give me a sideways glance before it hopped over a downed tree and disappeared.

“We must hurry,” Sheela said with more desperation in her voice than in her previous instructions. “There is an apex predator coming. Be prepared to drop the pots and run if you need to.”

Fuck. She didn’t have to tell me to run, but I didn’t want to drop anything we’d worked for. We’d just have to come back for it or make replacements, which would put us even further behind schedule.

“Say no more,” I replied in a determined voice.

She nodded grimly and led us into the vines and undergrowth of the jungle. I fast-walked a short ways and ran into her at the edge of a large creek.

“This is the stream that goes through our redwood forest, Victor. This way.” She pointed upstream and led the way ahead of me again.

A long, primal rumble from close behind almost made me jump out of my boots.

I thought about dumping all my shit, but I resolved to hold on to it until the last second. I pushed myself and walk-jogged behind Sheela on what looked like a game trail next to the stream. We hadn’t gone far on the path when a small tree fell over a few yards to my right. An honest-to-god triceratops plowed it over and ran almost right into me.

“Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Run, Sheela!” I yelled as I skidded to a halt before it hit me.

It was as big as a Mack truck and sported two long horns above its eyes and a shorter one on its nose. The giant crest behind its head was colored red and orange, like plumage behind a peacock. I wasn’t sure it even saw me, but it did see the stream. A moment before he squashed me, the trike turned on the game trail and lumbered on all fours behind Sheela.

I got moving again just as another dino bolted out of the undergrowth. It looked like a small ostrich, with black feathers and a long black neck. The head was distinctly lizard-like and hung low to the ground as its gangly pair of legs pumped hard to vacate the jungle. It missed me by a few feet and shot out into the stream without the slightest effort to slow down. I didn’t watch it long, but it crossed the water and disappeared into the leaves on the far bank.

Sheela and I followed the game trail for a few more minutes. Spooked wildlife ran, flew, and hopped in the dense jungle all around us. Most were smaller lizards, birds, and rodents instead of proper dinosaurs. The exceptions were the growing number of trikes running by. The sounds of pursuit chased all of us along the stream and toward the redwood forest.

“These animals know what’s coming,” she said when I caught up to her next to a small sequoia.

A gut-shattering roar followed her words and several similar yells answered from the edge of the jungle. I associated the sounds with dinosaurs fighting each other, and the screams and counter-screams were deafening. More of the trikes came running out of the thicker jungle like they’d been kicked into overdrive.

“Shit. Watch out!” I shouted.

We both scrambled to the backside of our tree as several trikes ran by. Some of them turned their horns in our direction as if to dare us to try to stop them. The grim sounds of battle probably meant some of their number were getting left behind.

“We should follow them,” I suggested when my breathing allowed. “Safety in numbers,” I added as I fumbled with the pots to get them to line up.

“I will go first,” Sheela replied. She pushed off from the tree after she looked toward the thunderous commotion behind us. I looked back there, too, but only saw green foliage. The fight seemed to be just beyond what we could see through the leaves, but that was very close, and the vibration of the bellows rattled my ribs.

“Fuck. Fuck. Fuck,” I repeated as I got moving again. I had the distinct impression I was the last zebra in the herd, and the “lion” was hiding behind the thin curtain of green leaves.

My legs were going numb with terror, but I still pushed them to run faster.

Another series of howls ripped through the forest behind me, but they soon became a painful-sounding screech and wail. The noise somehow caused my heart to beat in triple-time, and every agonizing breath I sucked into my lungs seemed to echo in my ears.

I made it to a full run for a minute or so before I figured I wasn’t going to be grabbed from behind and dragged to my death. My heart reached a limit, too, so I had to slow back down. The water sloshed in the pot, but even at breakneck speeds, I was getting good at keeping it just below the rim.

“They are heading toward the cave,” Sheela said with a little breathlessness. “We will follow them.” She gripped her spear and waved me where the trikes were going.

“I’ll stay right behind you,” I gasped, sounding like I’d crushed the world record for the 100-yard dash. My heart and lungs felt like they were trying to kill me.

As we cleared the last bits of the jungle and entered the redwoods, I caught sight of about eight or nine of the trikes, including two that were about half the size of the others. Their lizard-like skin was gray with vertical black stripes, and they all had vibrant colors along the edge of their crests. Colors blurred in the sunlight as they swiveled their heads to watch us run behind them.

“They look very ferocious,” Sheela said at one point. “Those horns would make formidable weapons.”

I used the calm to pop one of them in my Eye-Q.

“Identification: Dinosaur, Triceratops prorsus, male.”

“I think these are vegetarian,” I managed to say. The battle cries were not far enough behind us for my liking, but my heart was about to shoot its way out of my rib cage if I didn’t rest for sixty seconds.

After a short break, Sheela trotted ahead, and I followed close behind. In the open redwood forest, we could both see a good distance, so we didn’t have to worry about what was ahead. Behind us, the commotion of the dinosaur brawl faded, which had me thanking the stars, gods, aliens, or whatever would listen. If these truck-sized dinosaurs were on the run from a predator, what hope did Sheela and I have with our little spears?

We’d run and stopped several times as we crossed through the grove, and now I saw something I recognized. “Are we back at the cave?” I finally asked, barely able to talk.

Sheela replied by nodding. Then she motioned ahead, and we crossed the last hundred yards through the redwoods. When she reached the pterodactyl’s tree, she looked up as we had done before leaving. Dino-bird looked down at her with curiosity and gave a don’t-bother-me squawk.

We’d followed the herd of triceratops through the forest and by a lucky coincidence they now gathered on the hillside below our cave. They must have thought the danger had passed because they were taking the time to chomp the bushes and small trees with the berries. I couldn’t hear the predator anymore, so I figured that we were safe.

I walked the final few yards up the ramp to the cave and looked down at what I’d brought. The pot of water survived pretty well, but I lost about a third of what I’d pulled from the lake. I did better with the clay soil because that couldn’t slosh out. The fish had slammed against my uniform shirt the whole time, soaking my back with fish juices. I was going to smell awful for my efforts, but it was a great haul. There was enough fish for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.

Even though my sore arms felt like I was carrying cinder blocks, I was proud I didn’t have to drop it all and run. We escaped whatever had chased the trikes away from the lake, and I’d gained valuable knowledge of the world around us while bringing home the bacon.

“Didn’t you say morning was the safe time of day?” I asked Sheela just before we entered the cave.

“Yes,” she replied with a deadpan expression. “It is.”





Chapter 8


Sheela and I walked into the cave weary but victorious. After I set down the pots of clay and water, I gave the string of fish to Galmine. I let Sheela sit down first to be polite, but then I collapsed in a heap next to her.

Galmine was cooking our fish before I could breathe and speak normally. The carnivorous predator Sheela and I evaded was still out there, and I was convinced it was coming for us. I only allowed myself to relax when I figured out the trikes were our early warning system. I’d just have to check that they were still grazing peacefully outside our cave every few minutes.

Sheela told the others about our journey, including our stop near the volcano, our time in the lake, and the frantic run home. Galmine and Trel needed to know where we were in case we didn’t come back the next time.

Trel remained behind her curtain, but Galmine tended to the fish while we filled her in. When Sheela mentioned the volcano, I hoped our gray-skinned friend would volunteer her experience there, but she never took her eyes off the sizzling meat.

“These fish look delicious,” Galmine remarked as she poked them with the wooden spoon. “You two did great.”

“Sheela’s the fisherwoman, and I’m just the delivery boy,” I said as I bumped elbows with my feline warrior friend. The smoky smell of the filets stirred up good memories of fishing with my dad and then cooking our catch with my mom. Though, to be fair, I never had to work as hard as I did for these fish.

“Victor did an excellent job leading and carrying our supplies back home. If he hadn’t been there, I might have left our supplies when the big dinosaur attacked. Then I would have been forced to go back later and collect them.” Sheela poked a piece of firewood at the edge of the fire pit.

“Ha! I doubt that. I never had time to drop it off because I was trying to keep up with you.” It’s hard to say exactly what I thought when we were on the run from the mystery dinosaur, but a good part of my motivation was that Sheela said she liked strong men. My bravery was real, though, it couldn’t be faked in the unforgiving wilderness. It felt good to know she was impressed.

“You have both earned a tasty meal,” Galmine added. “That’s all I know.”

It did smell incredible. Even Jinx nosed around the edge of the fire, searching for ways to snatch a fish while we talked.

“Go hang out over there,” I ordered the little bird while pointing to the pile of wood near Trel’s curtain. After my verbal command, I tested a mental idea that he shouldn’t bother Trel this time. I hadn’t seen her since Sheela and I left earlier, and I wasn’t sure if her mood was better or worse. Better to play it safe.

I was convinced Jinx pouted at me before he turned and scrambled over to the small woodpile. He did not go under Trel’s curtain, which seemed to confirm that my mental instruction had worked. It was an interesting new aspect of my taming skill, and I needed time to explore how I could make it work for me. Researching Jinx was item 400 on my to-do list for the day.

“We have so much to get done,” I said. “We still need to get firewood. We need an axe so we can start cutting trees. We need a turnstile. We need cord--”

“Victor,” Galmine interrupted. “Don’t worry about that. My cord is already as tall as me.” She pointed to the woodpile. “Trel told me to put it back there, so it didn’t catch fire over here.”

I looked to Trel’s nook. She usually replied when her name was mentioned in passing, but this time she didn’t get involved. Even Jinx warily eyed her curtain as if he knew who was back there.

Sure enough, I saw a neat coil of the cord by the woodpile. I expected her to spend the whole time ripping the leaves because she was so slow twisting the strands into the cord. But somehow she’d ripped apart most of the leaves and made an impressive length of rope.

“How the heck did you get it all done?” I asked the green-eyed beauty. “I, uh, thought we were kind of unfair giving you that task.”

“You thought I was too slow,” she answered without any hostility. “I know. But Trel gave me some tips, so I went much faster.”

“I’m glad she was so helpful,” I said with all honesty. “I was sweating bullets while we were outside because of all the things we have to do today. This is a real relief.”

“Well, if Victor hadn’t allowed you to do it the wrong way, I wouldn’t need to correct it,” Trel commented as she slid the curtain aside.

“You’ve got to be kidding me,” I shot back in anger, totally ready to engage her in a verbal dogfight. “I didn’t show her how to do it; Sheela showed us both.” I’d been sick of her shit since before I left the cave the last time. I tried to be decent to her by using her full name, but apparently that didn’t count for squat.

“You failed to maximize her efficiency,” Trel added a dramatic sigh as she made her way to the fire. She walked on her alien spider legs, which made her sexy human body do its floaty trick a few inches off the ground. “After all your fancy talk about wanting to help us and make things better, you blame someone else when I call out your failure.”

I hated that she made me consider her nonsense, but something in her words made me unable to reply right then. I wasn’t blaming anyone for my mistakes. Sheela did teach us; that wasn’t a cop out. What was I missing? Was it the way she said it? Her tone?

“You think you’re so smart dreaming up new ways to do your silly little jobs and you want to get them done as fast as possible, right?” Trel continued before anyone could interrupt her. “Well, I like to see things done the right way even when I don’t actually care about them. I think of it as male quality control.” She laughed.

My silly jobs? What the fuck? That wasn’t right. But I remained bothered by something else she said, and it had nothing to do with my methods or her unreasonable accusations. It took a few more seconds before the answer caught up with me and it finally released my tongue.

“You called me Victor,” I blurted out with incredulity instead of anger.

“Of course I did, fool,” the spider-woman said as if it was super obvious. “You used my proper name before you departed earlier, and even though you are a worthless male, my refined sense of honor demands I also use your name.” Trel never looked at me as she spoke. It was probably a good thing because I’m sure my mouth hung open in disbelief.

“You are totally wrong about me, but thanks, Trel, for at least talking--” I started to say.

“Victor must call me Trel-Idil-Iria--”

I groaned because it was clear I’d gotten nowhere with her, but Sheela interrupted us both.

“Please, Trel, allow Victor to call you by your first name so we may address each other as efficiently as possible,” Sheela said as if in difficult negotiations. “You do not make me or Galmine address you by your full name.”

“But you are not males,” Trel replied with apparent frustration.

Sheela held Trel’s gaze and made no effort to say anything else or further justify herself. It was hard to say for sure given Trel’s all-black eyes, but I’m pretty certain I saw her roll them a couple of times before she exhaled heavily.

“Fine,” Trel declared, creating extra syllables of disappointment in the word. “Victor may call me Trel. At least until the rescue ship arrives. Then all of you must use my full name in front of my sisters.”

“Deal,” Sheela agreed.

“Okay, this is great,” I said, “but I want to be very clear, I don’t just want things done my way. We’re all on the same team, you know? I look for ideas from everyone, and we’ll do the ones that make the most sense. It’s not like I’m going to order Galmine to make cord the slow way,” I added with a laugh. “I want us to work together in the next few weeks, or we’re all going to die when those birds come and toss us out of our cave.”

“Dear Victor,” Trel said while sounding very bored, “using my name doesn’t make us friends. Call your methods whatever you’d like. You will most likely have poor judgment while doing everything with minimal efficiency. I happen to enjoy pointing out your shortcomings so that will be my new hobby.”

“I’ll show you how Trel helped me,” Galmine started to reach for some leaves. “It was really quite clever.”

“No,” Trel interjected. “For this, I would enjoy showing Victor where he failed.” She flashed her fangs like she’d caught me in her web and was about to take a bite. But instead of sinking those teeth into me, she dropped to her human feet and retracted her spider legs. I avoided looking at her spider parts until she was seated next to the fire over by Galmine.

“It is childishly simple,” Trel said while picking up some of the strands still lying in our original pile. Her voice was soothing and measured like she was a pre-school teacher. “All you need to do is this.”

She stretched her right leg flat on the ground, so it pointed directly at me from the far side of the fire. Her flowing silk dress hiked up above her knee, and she made no effort to block my view beneath it. She used both of her hands to smooth the dress over her flexed upper thigh, so she had a flat workspace. I was convinced she’d positioned herself to give my insides a sexual tug, but then she lifted a couple of strands and laid them flat on her thigh.

“Galmine’s fingers aren’t meant for this kind of detail work. Any good leader can see that. But she is able to roll these together, like this.” Trel took two of the strands, put them side-by-side on her thigh, and began to roll them under her palms using her dress to keep them from sliding around. I was amazed to see her twist the two strands side-by-side and then form a spiral with both to make one stronger piece of cord. It was much faster than doing everything with fingers alone.

“That’s amazing” I admitted after watching her for a minute. “Thank you, Trel.”

The dark-haired woman looked up from her handiwork and searched my eyes for a moment before brushing the leaves off her dress. Her movement was rushed, as if the leaves on her lap had suddenly caught fire.

“This is all stupid, anyway,” Trel pouted as she pointed to the fish. “Let’s get this meal over and done with so I can go back to waiting for rescue.”

Galmine adjusted the flat cooking rock by pulling it toward her with her gray fingers.

“Doesn’t that hurt?” I asked as she touched the hot rock without flinching.

“Not at all,” the gray-skinned cheerleader said with a cute little laugh. “It takes something really hot to bother me. Though sometimes, my insides also get very hot and bothered.” She batted her eyelashes at me.

I felt my cheeks warm up with all the sexual energy swirling inside me. I was in danger of having my whole day derailed if I started thinking of what Galmine said to me last night, what Sheela said about sex while we were at the lake, or how Trel flaunted her body when she walked out of her nook. The spider-woman’s lean leg was still outstretched in a suggestive manner, so I got to my feet to combat my urges.

“Victor, you haven’t eaten,” Sheela said as if worried I was going to walk off without taking a bite. I was practically starving, so she had nothing to worry about on that point. However, I was an expert at eating fast food in my truck, and a working lunch was exactly what I needed.

“I’ll eat,” I replied. “Don’t worry about it. I just have to think about what we need to do afterward.” Having some of the cordage done took off a little of the pressure. It also felt good to know Galmine was more than capable of the task I’d given her. However, the anxiety of building a new camp would never go away; after lunch, I had many more choices to make.

I honestly didn’t care who came up with the ideas to help us survive the next few weeks, but someone needed to do it. Each of the women brought their own strengths and talents, but a lifetime of playing real-time strategy games gave me organizational knowledge they didn't seem to have. We were going to need to plan and execute if we wanted to live. It sucked that I was here in this shitty situation, but a spark of excitement burned deep inside me when I thought about what I had to do on this world. It was like empire-building, real-time strategy, and first-person survival all wrapped into one deadly package, and it all fell on my shoulders. I needed to use my expertise and figure out how to beat this.

One big problem, besides getting eaten by dinos, was time management. I didn’t know exactly how much time we had, nor did I know precisely how long it would take to build a shelter to complete our fort. There were a million other variables I couldn’t control and who knows how many waypoints we’d have to cross on our way to the goal. Sitting around staring at my sexy roommates would do nothing to help that long-term objective, so I needed to keep us moving forward. Even during meals.

After Galmine gave some fish to Trel, who had to be first, and then Sheela, she handed the rock with the rest to me.

“Don’t you want any?” I asked as I held the stone out to her.

“I don’t eat meat,” Galmine answered with a smile. “I will if there is nothing else to eat, but I still have plenty of berries. You can finish the rest of this, and I’ll cook more of the fish for dinner tonight.”

I looked to Sheela and Trel, wondering if either would need more to eat. Sheela shook her head and smiled. Trel kept silent and didn’t demand my portion like she did with the turtle soup.

“Thank you,” I said as I picked up the hot filet. It flaked in my hand and melted in my mouth as I shoveled it all in.

“Oh, my god,” I mumbled with a mouthful of fish as I stood in front of the three seated women.

“Galmine, that was seriously awesome. Thank you! Also, can you look at the clay we brought in? Think you can work on making another water pot this afternoon?” I considered keeping her on the cordage production, but clay would have to heat and dry for a long time. Better to get it started as soon as possible.

“You’re welcome, and yes,” Galmine replied with a glowing smile as she looked at the clay. “This is exactly what I need. I’m sure I have enough for one pot, but I might be able to get two.”

“Will it be ready for tomorrow’s water duties?” Sheela asked as she rose.

“Yes. I’ll fashion it this afternoon and sit here at our hearth, so I can watch as it bakes. It will be hardened and ready by tomorrow,” Galmine said.

“Doesn’t it take like a week to work with clay?” I inquired. I don’t know why I remembered it, but we fired clay flower pots in grade school. I also recall thinking it took a lot longer to dry than I thought.

“It helps to know about rocks,” Galmine said with a wink. She set the cooking stone by the fire and swished her silver hair away from her face as she continued to speak. “I guess it would take a lot longer if one of you made them, but I’m able to speed things up. Aren’t you glad you know me?”

“Oh, yeah. I am,” I laughed, and mentally shook my head at the awkward attempt to flirt back. I looked at Sheela to try and hide my embarrassment. “Sheela, are you ready to go cut down some trees while she does that? If we can get a few chopped and into position, we can get a sense for how long it will take to create the new camp.” In my head, I visualized any number of harvester or explorer units starting a new structure in the middle of nowhere. But in those games, the interface always told you how long it would be until it was ready. That helped plan defense or delay the bad guys until it was built. Erecting a small section of the fort would go a long way toward helping me figure out our timeline.

“We can use my cutting rock, but it will be difficult,” Sheela admitted.

“I’d like to see what we can do,” I said. “Eventually, we can use the axe blade Trel, uh, discarded, but it will take time to put together a handle. Maybe we can cut a few logs with your rock, just to get us started this afternoon?” I didn’t know how long it would take to craft a new axe, but we already had a basic one, so I wanted to see that in action first.

“And what about me?” Trel asked seriously. “What would you have me do?”

I looked at her, wondering if she’d come around to my way of thinking, but I picked up the subtle sarcasm in her words. Her crooked smirk also suggested she wasn’t asking out of any renewed sense of community service.

“Would you like to wait back there for rescue?” I said while pointing over her shoulder to her nook.

“Ah, we finally understand each other. Your decision-making skills are excellent, for once.” Trel got up and started back to her private space.

“But if you wanted to help Galmine make more cordage, we could really use you,” I added as I watched her and her alien “wings” stride away.

“Annnnnnnd you had to ruin it,” she said with a sigh. “Typical male behavior, after all.” She never turned around, but stopped just short of her curtain and shook her head in disappointment. After a short pause, she shut herself behind the partition.

Sheela picked up her cutting stone and directed me toward the entrance. We both grabbed spears, and I trailed her outside and onto the ramp.

“Do you see a suitable place to construct your fort?” Sheela asked when we reached the bottom of the ramp.

“Our fort,” I corrected her. There were several patches of open ground in the grove of redwoods though picking one near the cave was going to be key. We wanted it far enough away from the birds, but close enough we could reach the cave if we had to retreat there during construction.

“Right below her,” I suggested as I pointed to the nearest sequoia thirty yards away. The pterodactyl sat on a branch a hundred feet up the trunk, but she wasn’t going to stop us. The open ground at the base of the redwood giant was perfect for laying out a square-ish fort.

“Can we use the big tree as one corner of our enclosure?” she suggested as she pointed to the redwood.

“Great idea,” I replied. “That will save us construction time, and we can climb the tree if we need another means of escape.” I stood there for a moment and relaxed my shoulders. I’d been tense; not only because we had so much to do, but also because of my run-in with Trel. However, I’d just proven the spider-woman wrong: I’d accepted Sheela’s suggestion in a heartbeat. What mattered were good ideas, not that those ideas were mine.

“So, all that’s left is to cut a few hundred trees down,” I joked as I tried to forget about Trel.

“This hand axe only works on very small trees,” Sheela continued while we stood in the hot afternoon sunshine. “You would be lucky to cut through a tree bigger than what you can grasp with both hands.” She made a circle with her cute furry fingers to show me a ring of maybe six inches in width.

“We only need to start with a few,” I said. “Just enough to see how this process is going to work. Like those trees over there.” I pointed along the hillside near the grazing triceratops.

“I see the one we need.” Sheela walked me to a dead tree with light-colored bark that had been scraped all the way around by an animal. Without the ring of bark, the oak-like tree had died. “This caught my eye because it is already dead. Without the leaves, you can see how straight it is.”

She tossed her spear to the ground a few feet from the base of the dead tree. While in a crouch, she gripped the cutting stone in her right hand and slammed it hard against the wood. She repeated the motion about twenty times before stopping to look at what she’d done. The cut was maybe an inch deep and three inches long on that side of the trunk.

“Hold up,” I said during her pause. “Let me take a crack.”

“Of course.” She gave me the rock, and I handed her my spear. I took the stone and gripped it just as she had done. It was less of an axe and more of a palm-sized rock that happened to have a thin, sharp edge to it.

“Here goes,” I said. I swung my hand in the same downward motion Sheela used, so my blow landed right in the wedge of exposed wood.

“Fuck me!” I shouted.

“It is painful,” Sheela agreed without any of my emotion.

“And you cut all those saplings in the cave using this thing?”

“The trees I felled for spears were much smaller and the axe does take some getting used to,” she replied.

I experimented with holding the rock in different ways as well as hitting the tree at different angles. Every hit remained just as painful as the first. The only thing that helped was using less force, but those blows hardly left impressions in the wood. After striking a few more times as hard as I could, the gash in the tree was only another half inch deep, so I switched the rock to my left hand and fanned my throbbing right hand to cool it off.

“I don’t know about this,” I said while looking at our handiwork. “It doesn’t seem very efficient.”

“It is not. But it is all we have, currently.” Sheela held out her hand, so she could take the next turn and I was happy to trade the rock for my spear.

While she cracked the stone against the tree, I wondered if I’d made a mistake by putting off the axe-building task. It would take all afternoon to cut down the tree if we did it a half inch at a time, and our hands would be ruined from all the pain. Sooner than I wanted, Sheela held the rock out for me to take another turn.

“Thanks,” I said with friendly sarcasm as I took it. “I’m going to lay this spear against the tree. We can’t hold them every moment we’re out here.” I immediately thought about putting emergency spears every ten feet along our walking paths.

I waited for a minute to rest and then hit the tree as hard as I could for those twenty chops. My hands screamed in agony, but I did manage to make a noticeable cut that time, almost like the tree was softer toward the middle. I stood back to look at our handiwork and was pleased to see we were about halfway through the six-inch base.

“A little more and we can tip over the tree,” Sheela announced as she looked at the depth of the cut. “It will break off and save us the effort.”

“Does this hurt your hands as much as it does for mine?” It sounded stupid once I’d said it, but she wasn’t human, and maybe she didn’t feel pain the same way.

“Very much, yes. I could hardly move my fingers the day after I cut wood for those spears. However, the spears had to be made.” Her declaration made me appreciate her simple work ethic. It wasn’t that she didn’t feel pain; she just didn’t let it get in her way.

“Let’s see if we can get this down,” I said while doing my best to ignore the extreme pain as I mashed the rock into the notch. A minute later I sensed the tree was about to tip, so I pushed on the bark with my shoulder until the whole tree shifted.

“Timber!” I shouted as I jumped back. The tree crumpled right at our cut and toppled into its neighbors with rips and cracks. The branches on the downed side of the tree shattered when it finally struck the ground, and I felt a smile spread across my mouth.

The noise spooked the nearby trikes, and they galloped away for a short distance before resuming their feeding. The largest of the black-striped beasts kept its eyes on me, and I found it interesting they were heading back in the direction of the lake as if they’d already forgotten the danger there.

“I should have tried to tame one of those trikes,” I remarked. “They could push over trees without us having to cut them at all.”

“Perhaps that would work,” Sheela replied. “But we would still have to cut them so they line up when we place them for walls.”

“Okay, Miss Negative,” I shot back in a playful voice. “Then we can use them to drag the trees to the work site. We’re going to need a lot of wood. More than what is right here in this clump of little ones.”

“Shall I wait for you to tame one?” Sheela answered. It was difficult to tell by her demeanor if she was serious or having fun with me, but I took it as a joke and chuckled.

“I don’t know if my ability will work on them, and they look a bit angry to me. If we could get one alone, I’d try, but remember the run from the lake? They could kill both of us easily if we pissed them off.” I watched the trikes a little while longer, but then turned back to the job in front of me. The fallen tree had splintered where we’d chopped it, but it didn’t separate from the stump completely, so we still had some cutting to do.

“We could use a saw,” I added with dismay. I suspected there were dozens of tools we could build to expedite the construction process, but I had no idea what they were, and no access to an internet search.

“Allow me,” Sheela said while extending her hand to take the rock. I admired her athletic forearm and shoulder muscles as she pounded the axe. The tree finally snapped off the stub of the trunk, and I helped her push it over.

“Let’s use the branches to drag it to where we want to build, and then we can chop all this extra stuff off later,” I suggested.

“I like that idea,” Sheela replied. “We will cut off the top part when we have the better axe. While we drag it, let us lay our spears in the tree canopy so we have them close.” She threaded her spear into the tangle of branches, so it would ride along with us and I did the same with mine.

We each took a side of the thirty-foot tree and lifted the heavier bottom end using the lowest branches. That made it easy to drag the lighter end across fifty or sixty feet of open terrain. We let it drop when we reached the somewhat cleared area where we planned to build.

“Should we have a ceremony?” I suggested in a half-serious way. If our new camp was going to be built from a forest of little trees, the log we dragged was the very first piece of it, so maybe it deserved a bit of recognition? Even though we were in a hurry, and my hands were on fire from cutting our first tree, I was willing to spare sixty seconds on ceremony.

As long as there weren’t velociraptors nipping at me.

“Do your people recognize such things?” Sheela asked. “We have no such tradition.”

“Well, maybe.” In one of the few times I’d gone downtown in Los Angeles, I recalled seeing cornerstones with dates and stuff, so that’s where I probably got the idea.

“How about this?” I yanked off my hat and held it tight against my chest. I briefly entertained the idea of singing the national anthem, but I wasn’t a very good singer. It was also a bad idea to make unnecessary noise with predators nearby. I settled for a quick dedication, glad for the chance to rest my aching hands.

“Here begins the site for our first structure in Dinosaurland. May it last for a generation and keep our tribe safe.” I put the leather hat back on my sweaty head and glanced at Sheela. “Good?”

“Very good, although I hope Trel’s sisters do rescue us,” she said with a feline smile.

“Amen,” I said with total agreement.

Moving the tree was the least painful part of the long process. I estimated it took us an hour to cut it down and another ten minutes to get it where we wanted it. Even some simple back of the napkin math told me it would take days to cut down all the trees we needed for the walls, even if we greatly improved our efficiency. I looked into the tangle of branches while I did my calculations and noticed something interesting.

“Shit. Sheela, check this out.” I waved her over, and she stood next to me and looked into the tree just as I was doing. If it had been upright in the ground, we’d be looking straight down into the branches.

“I am afraid I do not see it. What are you looking at?” she replied while studiously examining the tree.

“If we dragged this up to the cave entrance and stuck the long end inside, these pointed branches would face outward. Do you see it now?” It was obvious to me because this tree was already dead and most of the leaves had fallen off.

“If you did that, it would prevent anyone from gaining entrance to the cave,” she said. “This serves the same function as the turnstile.”

“The tree for our door doesn’t have to be as tall as this one,” I suggested. “In fact, we need it to be smaller, so we can easily move it around. We can leave it open during the day but pull the tree further into the cave at night, or when there are threats around. The branches would clog up the entrance and most of them would point outward toward the threat.” I didn’t think the tangle of branches would keep out any of the largest wildlife, but maybe a huge T-rex wouldn’t even fit through the cave opening at all. I would have preferred to build an elaborate gate with spear points and axe blades to hold off any and all dinosaurs, but if the tree did most of that without the build time, it was the way to go.

Despite the pain, we cut down the next tree a lot faster. It was about three inches in diameter, maybe twenty feet tall, and had a bushy canopy of leaves which was perfect for our doorway. I held it as best I could when Sheela made the final cut, so it would not smash over and break all its branches.

“I can’t wait to hear Trel complain about this,” I confided as we began dragging the tree toward the ramp.

“She is difficult, but do not sell yourself short,” the sexy feline woman said as if we were taking a pleasant walk. “You won a major concession from her.”

“You mean that she said my name?” I guessed.

“Yes. I had to repeat her full name for several days before I realized she would accept the shorter version. Her unreasonable behavior extends to all of us, but your unconventional methods seemed to draw her out much faster than mine did.”

“What methods did you use?” I asked with a bit of surprise since I couldn’t really believe Sheela’s words.

“I treated her as an equal,” she said.

“But I’ve tried to treat her that way, too,” I stated as we walked.

“Yes, but you have not been afraid to stand up to her when she is in the wrong. Also, you have come up with good reasons why she should help us, and you have somehow gotten her to make contributions to our team. I think she is responding to your leadership.”

“That’s crazy,” I said as we dragged the leafy tree up the ramp by its lowest branches. “She hates me.”

“Based on the little she has told me, her society is very regimented. She respects powerful leaders, even those she dislikes, though she only has female rulers on her planet.”

“But she didn’t follow you,” I said in a quiet voice as we neared the cave. “You seem like a good leader.”

“My society has its own rules, Victor. I have no interest in leading her, and I do not think she would let me even if I desired it. She tolerated our arrangement while it was just the three of us women because she could pretend to be in charge. However, it is tough to lead if you never depart the cave. By going outside with me, and coming up with the idea for our new camp, you have made it clear who is our leader.”

I stopped us a few yards from the dark maw of the cave and considered her words. Sheela had been grooming me to take over from Trel. I was flattered but a little scared by how I missed the whole thing as it happened.

“I know what you are thinking, Victor,” she whispered. “You believe that Trel will never accept you as the leader of our little tribe. Perhaps she will never openly admit it, the way Galmine and I do. However, reality will pursue and capture her as surely as those birds. When you lead by example, she will have no choice but to follow your directions.”

“Sheela, thanks for your vote of confidence, but I haven't really done anything yet,” I said.

“I can see why you would say that,” Sheela said in a supportive voice. “You are looking ahead to your list of unfinished challenges, and you seldom reflect on what has changed. This turnstile is but the latest and look how fast you came up with the idea. You retrieved water with me, carried the fish, and watched over us as we slept. But that is not why you are a leader, Victor. Those are just actions. You are a leader because you bring us a plan full of hope. Without that, we would still be living day-to-day and hiding inside the cave.”

“And you’re sure you don’t want--” I started to say before she held up her hand to halt me.

“Stop. I know you wonder why I do not lead. As I said, my society has its customs. I treated Trel as my equal because that is what she would be on my world. The women of our tribe follow male leaders exclusively; never another female. It is just how things are.” Sheela said it in a way which suggested she wasn’t going to argue about it.

Her words encouraged me, and I gave her a quick smile. I felt like I was good at this kind of stuff because I was great at playing real-time strategy games. But now I was in charge of a trio of beautiful women, and one mess up could cost us our lives. I’d been trying to stay a step ahead in my planning, but her words made me realize I needed to stay five ahead.

“I’m really honored you’d think that about me. Thank you for your help. I wouldn’t be able to do any of this without you.” I wasn’t sure if I should salute her as some kind of military honor for her service or kiss her because she had figured out all the political stuff without me knowing about it. Since we both held the branches of the tree on the narrow path to the cave, I couldn’t do either.

“You are welcome. Now let us get this where it belongs and cross off one of the numerous tasks from your list.” She leaned forward, and together we dragged the tree about ten feet inside the cave, just shy of Galmine and the fire. The large canopy of branches and leaves remained outside the cave with enough room for us to walk by in single file. If a threat showed up, we could pull the trunk deeper into the cave which would snug up the branches, so they blocked the exit completely. It was a ten-cent solution to a million dollar problem, but it would work.

“You and Trel can pull this tree-barrier closed when we’re gone,” I said to Galmine while she watched us.

“You are assigning work for me?” Trel called out from behind her silk curtain. “I’ll put that in my daily affirmations journal along with all the other manual labor I’m absolutely not doing for you.”

I looked at the two other women and wondered if I should respond. After all Sheela just told me, I didn’t think a leader would respond to such insults, so I decided to ignore the spider-princess.

“You two are my heroes,” Galmine said. She faced the tree barricade and spoke to us as if Trel hadn’t said anything.

“When you get that pot finished, you’ll be mine,” I said. We’d been out in the heat of the day cutting down trees and dragging them around. Back home I might have downed several large sports drinks after the same amount of effort, but here my sporty drink was a few nasty swigs of tepid lake water. We’d soon have more water on the job site thanks to her.

“I would like to be yours,” the green-eyed woman said in a sultry voice without taking her eyes from her clay.

“Gag,” Trel spat with disgust from her spot behind the curtain.

“Okay,” I said to Galmine while I ignored Trel. “I’m glad this is going to work, but we have to get back to chopping. We’ll be right outside.”

Sheela and I pushed the turnstile tree back out of the way and yanked our spears from inside the branches. When we stepped outside, the pterodactyl shrieked in the trees above us as if to register a complaint.

“Well, she’s one threat we can push to the back burner,” I said as Sheela and I stood there on the ramp. “She definitely won’t get through the barricade.”

“Agreed,” the blonde woman said. “The felled tree was the perfect substitute for the turnstile. What is the next task you wish to eliminate?” The feline warrior almost seemed like she was hoping for more work.

“I don’t think I’m going to be much use with that cutting stone. We need to make a proper axe with a handle, so we don’t have to kill ourselves getting a thousand trees, or however many we need for the fort.” I thought again of taming the trikes to help us, but they were almost out of sight.

“Would you like me to continue to cut trees, or do something else?” she asked, bringing my attention back to what was in front of us. “Perhaps I could gather firewood since we had to delay that job while we got water at the lake.”

“We have a few hours to do whatever you can get done,” I said while giving her a wide grin. “I don’t think I need to micromanage you, do I? But if you like to be told what to do, I’m sure I could think of something.”

“We just recently talked about how I wish you to lead me, so I would like for you to tell me what to do.” Her expression was very difficult to read, but I saw a strange glow in her feline eyes, so it took me a few moments to think how to respond.

“All right,” I replied. “Why don’t you get firewood for Galmine? We need to keep the fire lit all night. I’m going to find our axe handle.” I wasn’t sure she was serious about wanting me to assign a job to her, and I kept waiting for her to say she was joking.

However, instead of laughing it off, she gave me a little Sheela nod and then went down the ramp. She said it was her people’s custom to be led by males, but her funny expression made me wonder if she was flirting with me. But why would a married alien warrior woman flirt like that?

I carried my spear down the ramp and started talking myself out of the flirting idea. It was much more likely she was a product of her culture and simply felt more comfortable being led by a man. I was just a guy in the right place at the right time, and it had nothing whatsoever to do with any attraction.

Thoughts of Sheela flirting with me lingered while I looked for an axe handle. I needed something about three feet long that I could easily grip with my hand. It had to be from a live branch or sapling because the dried firewood was way too brittle. Finally, it also had to be thick, so I could cut a narrow slot near one end to insert the rock Trel gave us.

Sheela was picking up firewood close by, but before I realized it, she had set a bundle of sticks near the base of the ramp, and was leaning on her spear next to me.

“I need to forage further out in the grove. I have gathered most firewood from near the cave,” Sheela said while seeming to wait for something.

“Can you use the branches from the trees we’ll cut down?” I asked.

“From the dead tree, yes, when we have the better axe,” she answered. “But not the others. The wood is too green, and it will make too much smoke in the cave.”

“Ahh, that makes sense,” I replied. “Be careful.”

“Thank you,” she replied, and I watched her tight fuzzy ass cheeks bounce as she walked away.

Damn, she was really hot.

But I was also hot. I’d been sweating my ass off in my heat-trapping uniform, so I took off the long-sleeved shirt in an effort to keep cool. Underneath, I wore a white undershirt with short sleeves, but it didn’t help in the humid air of the redwood forest, so I used my hat to fan myself while I continued my search.

Since the hand axe was so painful to use, I had to be sure whatever I cut down was going to be what I needed. I wandered by many saplings and under a lot of almost-right branches. Eventually, I found an ideal branch low enough to the ground I could cut it down. I got busy with the small stone axe and soon had even bigger rivers of sweat pouring from my forehead. It took another half hour of agonized chopping before I cut it off the tree. When it was down and in my hands, I felt satisfied it would be the perfect axe handle.

“Looking good, Victor. I like you without your clothes on.” Galmine walked down the ramp at her usual slow pace and beckoned me over to her.

“Um, I’m still wearing clothes,” I replied as I neared her and set down my axe handle. I wondered if her people ever wore clothes or if they all walked around looking like gray versions of Mystique.

“You still owe me something soft,” she paused speaking as she stepped a little closer to me, “and something hard.” I finally noticed the water pot she’d put down on one of the rocks. Apparently, she’d come down to give me a drink, though I’d suddenly lost interest in quenching my thirst.

I double blinked in disbelief. It was my first private moment Galmine and I had since last night, but I wasn’t used to a beautiful woman being so bold with me. Her green eyes were full of mischief, and her round breasts carried no evidence of the simulated bikini top she usually wore. Her mysterious gray skin still seemed rock-like, but in the sunshine, I was able to see it bend and flex like human skin. Her delightful perfume caught my nose, and it was insane how much I wanted to feel her skin.

“And I want to show you--” she began to say. I re-focused on her eyes, aware that she had come out at this exact moment for more than water. She telegraphed her desire for a first kiss, and I leaned toward her to deliver it. But a screeching sound behind her made us both jump before our lips met.

“What the fuck?” I gasped as I moved to stand in front of the beautiful woman.

I recognized Jinx’s high-pitched shrieking, so I started up the ramp to see what he’d found. I grabbed Galmine’s hand and began to pull her along toward the safety of the cave, but she wouldn’t move with any haste.

“I can’t run, Victor,” she said with unusual insistence in her voice. “You’ve got to help Jinx! Go!” There was no time to argue, so I let go of her hand and raced up the ramp.

“Sheela, help!” I shouted into the forest with the hope that Sheela was close enough to sprint back in the next few seconds.

As I reached the entrance to the cave, I saw two birds tumbling around inside the leafy branches of the small tree Sheela and I had placed by the door. One of them was orange colored, and the other was the familiar blue of my buddy.

“Jinx!” I screamed his name because I feared he’d already been hurt in the melee.

Jinx was at a huge size disadvantage against the larger, turkey-sized bird. He was able to peck at the plump orange and black bird to annoy it, but then he jumped around the inside branches to avoid the razor-sharp counter attacks.

I remembered the rock Sheela gave me last night, and I pulled it from my pocket. I couldn’t climb inside the branches to help Jinx, but I could try to even the odds. I wound up, aimed, and waited a couple of seconds until I had a clear shot.

I threw it and somehow hit the orange bird square on the head, which sent it tumbling to the ground. I was on the verge of ordering Jinx to get the hell out of there, but my blue buddy hopped excitedly in the branches above the larger bird, and I could sense what he wanted.

“Kill it!” I shouted.

I hated using Jinx for the task, but I didn’t have a weapon handy to take care of the orange bird, and I was worried it might recover and then go after my little friend again.

Jinx dropped through the inside branches and landed upon the stunned orange bird. He tore at him with his small but deadly claws and repeatedly pecked at its head with his own sharp beak. The orange bird made a brief effort to fight back, but Jinx had made a mess of its neck and continued to poke at it until it was clear it would never get up again.

A few seconds later, Jinx hopped out of the tree and immediately started to peck the ground for food, as if oblivious he’d survived a fight to the death. He had some rumpled feathers from his ordeal but didn’t seem to be injured.

“Good work, Buddy,” I said as he walked around near my feet. “I’m so glad you weren’t hurt.” My heart still beat with nervousness at how close I’d come to losing the little guy. Like the many times before, Jinx had been right there when new danger found me. I had a pretty good idea what the orange bird was doing here and why Jinx saw it as a threat.

“Victor?” Sheela called from somewhere near the bottom of the ramp. I couldn’t see her through all the bushes lining our path, but I knew she was close.

“We’re good. Come up here, Sheela,” I called down to her.

I dragged the bird free of branches and studied it. The creature had remarkably orange feathers over most of its body, but had black ones covering its wings. The long yellow beak reminded me of a stork’s, but it was crammed with seemingly endless rows of teeth. It was safe to say my blue pal was lucky to be alive.

I ran it through the Eye-Q hoping we could glean a little information about the species threatening us, but no data came out. I wondered how the aliens could not know about a species on a planet they created, but after a few more seconds of concerned thought, I wondered if it failed to return data because the damned thing was dead.

Conceptually, I always knew the deadly birds were coming. Sheela was there when they took over her first cave, and she even mentioned seeing one of the orange scouts a few days ago. But having this one on the literal doorstep to our cave made it inevitable.

They were just as serious a threat as whatever super predator ran down the triceratops. If there were ten or twenty of them flapping those vicious beaks at us, we’d be in a crapload of trouble.

Sheela said she was overwhelmed by hundreds. Whether it was tomorrow or next month, we had no time to dick around. This new camp needed to be built quickly.

“Is everyone alright?” Sheela asked as she trotted up the ramp with a spear in her hand. There was recognition in her eyes when she saw the orange and black body lying on the ground, and she let out a long exhale.

“This is the type of bird that’s coming, isn’t it?” I asked the blonde woman.

“Yes,” Sheela answered with disappointment. “They have found us. Were there others?”

“Just the one Jinx fought,” I said. The blue bird continued to nose the ground as if nothing important was taking place around him.

Galmine finally reached the top of our ramp. As the three of us stared at the dead bird, I thought of what came next. All the talk of leadership and planning made me realize how important each decision was going to be for our survival. These women were my responsibility. Get one thing wrong, and one of them could die. Suddenly, there weren’t enough hours left in the day for all the shit I had to get done.





Chapter 9


After the fight between Jinx and the orange stork-bird, I gathered firewood, scrounged to collect more leaves for cord making, ate fish for dinner, and went to get more water with Sheela.

It was almost pitch black before I was back at the fireside and I began to make progress on carving the handle. It needed to be completed tonight so we could cut trees a lot faster tomorrow. The fort was the only thing that would keep us safe outside the cave, and the axe was the key to my time crunch problem.

“I hope you realize how futile this is,” Trel said in her lecturer’s voice as the rest of us sat around the fireplace working on our projects. “Victor has got you two running around doing all this nonsense and what has it gotten you? Nothing but a couple of logs toppled, these ugly ropes you’re making, and a bush in our front door.”

Sheela and Galmine sat on either side of me, and I saw the grey-skinned woman force a smile to her full lips. They both ripped leaves and twisted cord while I worked on carving a four-inch slit in the upper portion of my new axe handle with a flint knife. Trel spent the last few minutes going over all the things I’d done wrong today, but she hit one nugget of truth: even though we hardly stopped for rest, we really hadn’t gotten very much done.

“And these mysterious birds,” Trel continued, “aren’t going to get in and eat us. Did you see how small it was? There was hardly any meat.”

I wasn’t even sure Trel saw the bird when it was alive because Jinx killed it just outside the cave. When Sheela got a hold of it, she stripped all the feathers and cut it to shreds with the stone axe. At first, I thought she was doing it because she was mad the birds had found us, but I should have known better: she prepped it so we could have fish and fowl for dinner.

I searched the shadows for my little blue friend. Though I couldn’t read his mind, I figured he was pretty tired after going toe-to-toe with that larger bird. He was probably back at his woodpile or maybe just lying low while Trel was griping.

“So, you have a dubious reason to exert yourselves, an incompetent male giving you orders, and a silly plan based on giving up a perfectly good cave so we can live like hobos in the forest. I understand his problem,” Trel pointed to me, “he’s an idiot. But why are you two women going along with it?”

It was the moment of truth for me and my grandiose plans for building my little empire. Though any reasonable person could argue the danger of building and living in the fort versus staying in the cave, finding an orange bird right at our door was a game changer. I didn’t think Sheela and Galmine could possibly agree with Trel that we were wasting our time, but maybe our lack of progress today gave them second thoughts. They shared looks with each other before the rock woman replied to Trel.

“I’m sure Sheela feels the same as me. Victor has done nothing but help us since he arrived, and even though I don’t understand everything he says, I’m willing to give his plans a chance. Before he showed up, you often talked about how rescue was coming to help us. Trel, you are a wonderful friend and have been right about so many things, but maybe Victor is our rescue?”

Trel stifled a laugh while Galmine kept talking.

“Over the past couple of days, we’ve started building and creating. I’m working on more pots. We’re eating better than we ever did before. As Victor explained, having a fort out there will keep us safe and protected. We’ll be able to focus on other, more pleasant pursuits.” Galmine lived up to her cheerleader personality as she set down her cord, leaned over, and hugged me from the side. I inhaled the intoxicating perfume that never seemed to abandon her.

“No one is perfect,” Sheela added, “but Victor asks for our help, admits when he is wrong and looks to the future as a leader should. He has brought us hope in a difficult time. And the threat from the birds is real, unless you also mistrust your own eyes? It is folly to ignore all the signs, Trel.”

“It cannot be folly to live inside a rock fortress,” Trel said in a respectful tone. Though she was willing to bite my head off just for existing, she seemed unwilling to raise her voice to Sheela or Galmine.

“Building the fort will not be a waste of time,” the beautiful cat-woman replied in a calm voice. “If the birds never come, we can live in the cave as well as the fort. If they do come, we will have the safety of the fort until the cave is ours again.”

“Rescue is coming,” Trel replied. “I promise you that. My sisters would never forsake me. The cave is plenty safe for the short time we’ll need it. Why am I the only one who sees it? He has you running outside the cave to find extra food and water, so you can expend those calories on his dumb project.” She hissed the word “his.”

“You hate the plan because I’m a man, I get it,” I said sarcastically.

“Yes, Victor. Your honesty is appreciated,” Trel replied instantly. “Males can’t be trusted. On my planet, you would never get away with speaking to me as you do. You couldn’t speak to any of us women as equals. I guess I’m just too nice.”

I sighed at what was becoming a tiring argument with Trel. Her animosity toward me was never-ending, even when I used her proper name and brought her food. I doubted I could convince her to work with us, but I hoped I could get her to stop working against us. That she was failing to win over Sheela or Galmine was enough of a victory for me.

I should just tell her to fuck off. I wanted to tell her to fuck off, but I thought about the end game. It didn’t matter that Trel was being difficult. Yeah, it made me mad, and it did hurt my ego, but the goal was building our camp. I really did need the spider-woman’s help. There was a chance I’d never get it, but she definitely wouldn’t help me after I cussed her out.

My dad often handled the customer service part of my parent’s vet business. We had plenty of pets die for reasons that were out of our control, and the customers often blamed us for the death of their loved one. My dad always took their insults, and their rage, smiled, and then apologized. Nine times out of ten the people ended up calling him back to say they were sorry for the outburst.

I was betting Trel would come around.

“The math is easy,” Sheela replied, and I turned my thoughts away from my parents and back to the conversation. “Victor has worked tirelessly to provide food, water, and wood since he arrived. You, by contrast, have eaten food, drank water, and benefitted from the fire all without--”

“You can’t shame me,” Trel interrupted Sheela with a chuckle, “Even without wanting to, I have contributed my share by providing free advice when I deemed it necessary. Galmine is probably five times more efficient at making cordage thanks to me. Over the course of his silly little project that could be days of time saved. Victor can’t claim the same efficiencies.”

“Guys,” I said with a sigh. “We can’t argue with each other. It will get us nowhere. Trel, your idea did save us a ton of time, and I’m really thankful you got involved even though you didn’t want to. It proves you are smarter than me in all sorts of ways. You are adding to our efficiency without even trying, but imagine how great we could be if you did try?”

Trel smiled wickedly and clapped her hands a couple of times. The bone-clacking sound from her chitinous claws was eerie.

“Oh, Victor. Simple, sweet, soft-skulled Victor. You use the derogatory male slang ‘guy’ on me and then launch a clumsy attempt to butter me up. Do you really expect your gratuitous flattery to change my mind? Is that how little you think of me?” The dark spider-woman seemed really happy with herself.

I tried to analyze what part of my statement was empty flattery, but she kept speaking before I could figure it out.

“I have ten thousand suitors seeking my hand back on my homeworld. Let me assure you, I’ve heard every lame suck up you can imagine. You haven’t even scratched the surface of high-quality ass kissing.” Trel laughed like she saw something funny in her mind’s eye.

“Did it ever work?” I asked. I didn’t mean it to be snarky, but with ten thousand men chasing her I was interested to know what the winner said to gain her favor. She seemed to stare at me with that glowing red fire in her black eyes before softening a tiny bit.

“No. It never worked. I am Trel-Idil-Iria, after all. I do not fall for unintentionally humorous begging by juvenile-minded males. My last two mates I picked with the kind of care that someone of my standing should exhibit.”

“Humorous begging works on a lot of people,” I said while trying to ignore the image of those two mates getting consumed by her brood. “I had a friend back on earth. Man, he could pick up women like no one I ever saw. He wasn’t even what I would call a great looking guy. Not bad, just not a model, if you know what I mean.”

“Uhh, Victor. I don’t really know what you mean,” Galmine said with a shrug and caring smile.

“Oh, well this guy could walk into a bar, look at all the women, and then pick the one he was going to take home that night before he even said his first word. He could make up any story he needed to get the girls to sleep with him. I guess you’d call it fake flattery. But that isn’t how I operate. When I tell a girl--uh, I mean a woman, that she’s been great, it doesn’t mean I’m kissing ass.”

Trel didn’t bite my head off with a reply. I couldn’t predict if she’d use the time to consider what I’d said, or if she was preparing a suitable insult.

“You told us how your friend picks up women, Victor. Do you also lift them as he does?” Galmine asked with no trace of sarcasm.

“Uh, we don’t lift girls. ‘Pick up’ is a way of saying how men try to get girls to go home with them and then have sex,” I replied like it was a textbook answer.

“Ooh, even better. I’d love to know how you picked up women and bedded them,” Galmine asked while she playfully squeezed my knee. I sat between her and Sheela, but Galmine remained much closer after she hugged me. She loved to talk with her hands and sometimes, like now, she spoke with a hand glued to my body.

“I don’t think you’d be very interested in my sex life,” I finally replied. Talking to three attractive women about how I failed at picking up attractive women seemed like a no-win scenario.

“You’re right. We aren’t.” Trel shook her head, but she didn’t move back into her alcove.

“I should get back to work.” I stopped carving to consider how much I had left. After a couple of hours of whittling with sharp rocks, I’d only carved the hole about halfway through the wooden handle.

“No, please.” Galmine said in her cheery voice. “I want to know all about you. You don’t have to be ashamed. On my world sex can be initiated by either gender but usually there are so many of us together you never really have to worry about finding body warmth.”

I cocked my head with an admittedly confused look on my face.

“You mean you have sex with multiple people?” I asked. I tried not to sound overly interested in the topic, even though I was.

“Oh, yes. Of course. I’m surprised someone like you doesn’t find it easy to engage multiple partners,” Galmine said as if the idea was incredible. “You are so handsome.”

I sat there not sure what to say. On the one hand, I was never great with women, and when I was finally getting a grasp on them, my parents died in the car accident. I had been forced to drop out of school and get a job. The confidence to talk to pretty girls wasn’t really on the table when one was eating ramen every day to barely scrape by. On the other hand, after spending a few days on this planet, I wouldn’t be afraid to go back and hit on every sexy woman at Lacey’s pool party. The threat of death put everything in perspective.

“Uhh, thanks Galmine,” I said.

“I should probably explain that my world is very dull,” the silver-haired swimsuit model went on. “It can be cold and lonely at times, but we manage to grow more than enough food to keep us healthy and alive. There is little to do in the chill of nighttime, except gather in large groups for warmth, talk, and to find comfort in the bodies of others. It would be rare to engage in such flirtations with just one partner.”

“Eww,” Trel chimed in. “The thought of suffering the presence of multiple men makes my stomach churn. I enjoy sex with the one I deem worthy, but finding a second male for the same breeding period would be tedious beyond words. Can you even fathom the sight of two Victors?”

“Mmm,” Galmine hummed. Her broad smile and hungry eyes suggested she totally disagreed with Trel. I smiled back but had no interest in arguing the point with the spider-woman.

The charcoal and embers of the hot fire snapped and crackled as the discussion momentarily died down. The smells of our dinner hung in the air of our smoky chamber, though most of it wafted out the front door.

“So, um, Sheela, does your kind have multiple partners like Galmine’s world?” I asked as I turned her way. She continued to crank out cord at an impressive rate while we all chatted, but she stopped at my question.

“Only the males. The strongest men may take as many wives as they can support. Many have three or four, but a few have much more, especially the nobility. My husband is a lord of a very powerful province on my world. He has the wealth and power to support a great harem of women. I became his property a week before I was brought to this planet.” Sheela spoke calmly, but I interpreted sadness in her words.

“You were a newlywed? I’m sorry. That really blows,” I said sympathetically.

“Do not feel sorry about my marriage,” the feline woman replied. “I was his seventeenth wife, and we only met once to consummate the arrangement. If I had not been taken and brought here, our next night together might still have been many months from now. All husbands of power have their favorite wives.”

“I don’t think I would like your world, Sheela,” Galmine admitted. “Can women have multiple husbands? That might make it a little better,” she said, sounding uncertain.

“No. Women are property, and we seldom cooperate among our gender because the competition for marriage is so intense,” Sheela explained.

“And what of the extra males?” Trel asked from back in her chambers. “If there are so many women to each man, what happens to the males who have no women?”

“Wars claim some,” Sheela explained. “A few die fighting each other for the right to establish a pride. Sometimes they just disappear. I really do not know what happens to them all, and I never questioned any of this until I arrived here and had to consider my new situation.”

“Won’t your husband come looking for you?” I offered the question as a way to cheer her up. I figured being married meant the spouse would move worlds to find her. That’s what I would do if Sheela was my wife.

“Women on my planet do the bulk of the hunting when we are not engaged in mating rituals or rearing cubs,” Sheela said dryly. “I was abducted while I was tracking game in a remote forest of our lands. It could be months before my husband knows I am not in his home and further months before they figure out where I was last seen. I will be declared missing and assumed dead when they find no trace of me. His eighteenth wife will then become the seventeenth and life will go on.”

“Da-amn,” I uttered under my breath.

“Also, my people have no means to travel to this planet even if Lord Errnazz was aware I’d been brought here,” Sheela said with finality.

“Is that the name of your husband?” I asked.

Sheela acknowledged my question with a curt nod.

“That’s horrible, Sheela,” Galmine said with a frown. “I think you should divorce ‘Lord Snazzy’ and find a new, better man. If you come to my world, I can introduce you to many who will treat you better than that, but I warn you we do not have such concepts of ownership or exclusivity and one sex does not rule over the other.”

“Thank you for your generous spirit, but marriage is something my people take very seriously,” Sheela replied while looking to the gray-skinned woman. “Divorce is rare, even when the husband is negligent. Most women with bad husbands learn to endure the suffering rather than seeking a way out.”

“But it can be done?” Galmine replied. Her world sounded like a party while Sheela’s sounded a little like slavery.

“Women are traded all the time as property, but I could leave on my own if I found a stronger male,” Sheela replied before continuing to work with her cord.

Sheela’s body language suggested she didn’t want to talk about it any further, so I tried to think of a question that would change the topic again.

“So, are you married, Trel?” I asked. I didn’t want Sheela to feel uncomfortable, and I also wanted to keep the discussion far away from my uninspired background with the fairer sex.

“Such a primitive concept. Did you not hear I have thousands of suitors? Why would I ever pick just one?” Trel gave her answer as if it were so obvious.

“Because you love him?” I said with amazement that we were actually talking back and forth.

“Ha! Idiot!” Trel laughed from her belly. “You would say that. I bet you think of love as a means of entrapping a woman, which is a common fantasy among males on my world. However, there is no higher love than dying for me during the mating process. Once the male has served his critical biological function, he is to be discarded, and his body preserved until his children mature enough to consume him for nourishment. That is when I love him the most.” The spider-woman smiled, and I could see her fangs glimmer in the firelight.

“Oh, shit. That was you?” I said as I remembered when Sheela had first brought me to the cave. “I thought I hallucinated when I first got here because someone said they wanted to fu--, um, have sex with me, and then eat my body.”

Trel laughed in a way I’d not heard before. It wasn’t her usual malicious cackle but something which sounded a lot more like a normal human laugh.

“Oh, Victor. If you have one positive trait, it is that you make me laugh.” She chuckled a bit more before speaking again. “I made the statement before I knew you. Now that I’ve had time to judge where you would fall in my suitor list, you can rest assured you are almost in the back. Perhaps in the final dozen out of all ten thousand males. Do you see why your words are so humorous to me?”

“Wait a sec. So, I’m not dead last on your list?” I grinned at her.

“Ugh. You don’t know how to take an insult, do you?” Trel replied while doing her best to sound disgusted with me.

“Like you said, I’m just a simple ass kisser,” I added with more good-natured laughing.

Trel didn’t reply. Instead she turned away, stomped back into her alcove, and slung her curtain shut to end our discussion. I quietly laughed for a few more moments until I remembered Sheela probably wasn’t in the same good mood as me. I turned to the blonde woman and caught her smiling.

“I am sorry about your husband. Are you going to be all right?” I asked her.

“Do not worry about me,” Sheela replied. “I was sad for a time, yes. My husband seemed like a decent man. Life is often cruel, and there is nothing I can do about it except survive. The challenges of this planet are much more severe than on my homeworld, so in a sense, I am thankful for this burden as it will force me to become a better warrior to endure.”

“Wow, and I thought I was the glass-half-full person,” I replied. “You were yanked from your life and dumped in Dinosaurland, and you see it as a learning opportunity? I stand in awe of your positivity.”

Sheela nodded, and her smile grew a bit larger.

“What’s Dinosaurland?” Galmine interjected. “Is that what this world is called?”

“I highly doubt it. I call it Dinosaurland because it sounds like Disneyland. That is a place on my world where children go to be entertained with rides, food, and brightly painted replicas of animals like dinosaurs. I went there many times growing up. It’s the kind of place a child never forgets.” My words reminded me of the many trips I’d taken with my parents, and I felt my mood sour a bit.

“Your home must be fabulous, Victor,” Galmine suggested in a cheery voice that perked me right back up.

“It has its ups and downs. I think I’d rather live on your world where everyone is, um, friendly with each other.” Of the three women, Galmine’s “free love” planet was the sweet spot. Sheela’s society, with forced marriages and unhappy women, sounded like no fun at all. And who the fuck would volunteer to have sex with, and then get killed by a woman like Trel? No night of sex was worth that penalty, was it?

“So, you didn’t answer me, earlier. We’ve all shared a bit. How do you pick up women on your planet, Victor?” Galmine blinked her big green eyes suggestively and moved her hand further up my leg. I got the sense she was asking me because she wanted me to try to pick her up. It was also becoming difficult to carve the axe handle because she sat right up against me. If she got any closer, she’d be in my lap.

“You really want to know?” I asked though I sincerely hoped she’d say no.

“Hmmm, yes. I really do,” Galmine said while leaning even closer.

I regretted mentioning my lady-killer buddy Dale and his exploits at the bars. There was no way I could embellish my skills at finding women to be anywhere near as successful as him. I toyed with the idea of making something up, but telling lies to my new friends would backfire. I had a face that made it easy for anyone back on Earth to know when I was fibbing.

“Okay. Well. There isn’t really a lot to talk about.” I scraped the axe handle with my small flint knife a few extra times before continuing. I’d never been great with women. I was a bit shy growing up, and when I did go out to party, I normally ended up being the designated driver. Also, I was really broke, and I never felt confident asking a girl out. I realized explaining all this to three alien women would take all night, and it wasn’t going to help them think I was any cooler.

“I’ll listen,” Galmine said patiently. Her hand seemed to be getting closer to my crotch, but I couldn’t see her moving it.

“That’s okay,” I sighed. “Let’s just get back to work. My love life has been all sorts of boring.” I set the axe handle down to give myself a break. I leaned back on my hands to stretch, which only made it more obvious where Galmine’s hand was on my leg. I took a moment to study my pants to ensure my growing boner wasn’t too obvious, then I stayed in that position waiting to see if she’d drop her question.

“I doubt that,” Galmine said emphatically. “You are just the right amount of nice. Hard and soft, like I said,” she added with a giggle. “But you care for others as much as yourself. Animals return affection without question. But women require real emotions, not those created by artificial means. You and your golden heart would fit right in with my people because you broadcast your desires without any hidden agenda. You are being modest. I bet you’ve had hundreds of lovers.”

“That’s nice of you to say, Galmine, but it really isn’t like that.”

“Then the women on your planet are fools,” the gray-skinned woman said as she shook her head. “You are honorable, and gentle, and I am very happy you are here with us, as is Sheela.”

I turned to look at the blonde woman, but she was focusing on her rope. Her eyes didn’t meet mine, but she did give her usual nod.

“And you are happy to be here with us!” Galmine cheered. “I can tell from your body.”

“Uhh, I think you might be mistaken aga--” I started to say.

“Am I?” Galmine said in a teasing way. “Then how do you explain this?” She grabbed my flagpole of a dick, but let me go right away. I jumped at her forwardness but relaxed when she pulled back. I glanced to Sheela to see if she saw my reaction, but she remained focused on her cord twists.

“I, uh, can’t control that,” I said with mild embarrassment in my voice.

“Victor, I live on a world where men and women are honest with each other. When a male looks at a female as you do, there is no question what he is thinking,” Galmine said while her eyes were on my crotch in case there was any doubt what she was talking about.

“But it doesn’t mean anything,” I said while wondering if my words were helpful. “I’m like that a lot.” I felt a little like I was being put under the microscope by the way she talked about my, uh, physical stimulation.

“And yet you did not act on it,” Sheela said as she re-joined the conversation. “A male on my world would enter this cave and demand sexual dominance over the females before agreeing to protect us.”

“Sexual dominance?” I asked since I was unsure of her exact meaning.

“He would demand intercourse to assert himself and then cover us with his seed to mark us as his,” Sheela replied dryly.

“Damn!” I hissed.

“I spoke of this earlier, Victor. I have seen you look at our bodies. There is no shame in your reaction. Galmine touched the problem you have carried around since you have arrived here, yet you’ve controlled your obvious urges. Women notice these things. You are not admitting your talents, but it is easy for us to see how strong, brave, and caring you are.” Sheela smiled a little, then turned back to the fire. She continued speaking a bit softer, and to no one in particular: “I find that attractive.”

“Me too. The restraint makes you super sexy,” Galmine purred as she rubbed against my rock-hard dick once more. I felt a little guilty because Sheela definitely saw her do it that time. I wasn’t sure how to handle the attention, I just knew I didn’t really want her to stop.

“I, uh, appreciate it. But I didn’t come here to have sex with anyone. We have a shit-ton of stuff to take care of. This axe,” I picked it off the ground and made as if to continue cutting, “is one thing of a million that we have to do before those birds arrive. I can’t be thinking about enjoying myself.”

I admit I shifted through all six gears to speed away from my throbbing lie about not wanting to have sex. Galmine could have had me undressed in about three seconds if she wanted. Sheela could rip through my clothes in two. And Trel was a dark horse; except for the part about death, having sex with her would probably be mind-blowing. All the discussion about sex was cramping my ability to think about our survival. I needed it to stop.

At least until our new camp was built.

“We’ll stop, for now,” Galmine said quietly. She gently slid her hand back down my leg and off my knee with a coy smile. She turned so she faced the fire more directly, then picked up her cord to resume her work. Part of me was very angry for steering the conversation away from sex, but it had to be done.

“So, can you tell me how you made the pots, Galmine?” I asked. She’d made the new water jugs earlier this afternoon and then set them inside our fire ring to bake them. I couldn’t think of a question that was any less sexy than clay pots.

“Sure,” she said happily, “but don’t think this changes anything, Victor. I like you, and I’m not going to hide it.”

“I understand,” I replied with a gulp. My heart also skipped a few beats at even the slightest hint that Galmine and I would be together.

“So, the pots are easy to make,” she said as she gestured to her work space. “I rolled the wet clay and mixed it with some rock chips I broke off from the stone here in the cave. It helped to keep them firm. Once I shaped them like you asked, I let them dry for a bit before I dropped them into the fire to bake.” She pointed at the two jugs sitting inside the fire ring.

“Sheela has been real good about keeping it hot enough,” Galmine added. “They should both be done in the morning.”

We all had to sit back a little further due to the extra heat, but it was worth it to speed up the production of the two crucial additions to our inventory. I looked at their narrow tops and continued cutting the axe handle while I thought about how I’d arrived at their shape.

A key piece of my time-management strategy was eliminating the midday and late-day water runs. Sheela had explained how it was safer to go out in the morning for water, but for that to happen, we needed to get all the water for the day on the first run.

My first grand idea was to make an aqueduct. We learned about those in school, and all it would take was some kind of hollow plant like bamboo to build one. Just lay them end to end with one dripping into the next, and you could get water from the stream to our new fort. Sure, it would be a quarter-mile long and probably be leaky as hell, but it would eliminate the dangerous journey completely. I imagined how cool it would be to have something like that, but in the end, I knew it was too ambitious. Even if we found the hollow bamboo we needed, it would take a week to cut them and lay them out across the forest.

My next idea was to create a bigger container, so we could hold more water for each trip. But when I started to think about how much water I could realistically carry, I knew bigger wasn’t necessarily better. I’d lifted enough half-empty fish tanks to remember how heavy water could get.

The idea I went with was much more realistic. I remembered seeing something on TV about moonshine jugs, which were basically fancier versions of the typical one-gallon milk jug. Looking at them inside the fire, I admired the small holes at the tops, so the water couldn’t slosh out. Galmine also added small handles which would allow us to hang them on opposite ends of my spear. That way I could carry both jugs over my shoulders like a barbell. If my estimates were correct, I could carry a total of two gallons on a single trip, instead of the half-gallon pot we’d been using. So, instead of getting a gallon and a half over the course of one day, we’d get two full gallons on just one run. It would for sure be a leap up on our tech tree.

Galmine continued to talk about the red clay and some technical details about how she managed to use her skills to harden and dry it, but I was sort of distracted by a piece of partially burned firewood that I’d noticed earlier. With all the stoking Sheela had been doing to the fire, her fanning blew some coals onto a flattened piece of unburned wood. Over the course of the evening, I’d noticed how the hot coals sort of sunk into the wood as they burned.

“Shaping the earth and manipulating rocks is part of how we get so much food to grow back on Telurite. As you can see, it also comes in handy for things like this.” Galmine pointed proudly to her clay creations in the fire.

“Awesome. I can’t wait to use them tomorrow,” I said with sincerity.

We dropped into another period of silence as the three of us got back to our respective tasks next to the fire. Even as I carved the axe, I had to continue to plan.

All through the day, when I wasn’t thinking about water, food, or sex, I thought about our shelter. My whole plan depended on getting the fort built before the birds arrived, but if today was any indication, it felt like the video game clock skipped ahead. I needed to be more like the Koreans, who were well-known for being masters of planning and execution in the gaming arena.

“I’ve been thinking about something all day,” I began. “We have to figure out how to stand up the logs of our fort so they won’t fall over if something pushes against them. In my head, I know how I want it to look, but I need ideas on how the hell we make it work.”

“I assume you have thought about digging under them?” Sheela asked while twisting one of the cords on her thigh. “I am sure we could use a large stone or branch to clear dirt and cut through soil.”

“I can work with the soil if you’ll let me. I helped on the farms back home,” Galmine said as she twisted cord on her thigh.

“You want to come out of the cave?” I asked.

“Of course. I came out of the cave today, or have you already forgotten our meeting?” Galmine taunted playfully.

“I do remember it. Nothing about you is forgettable, Galmine,” I replied. I really wanted a do-over for that encounter. I was about to learn if her lips were hard or soft, but we were interrupted by Jinx and his fight with the orange bird.

“Aww. You are so nice, Victor,” Galmine said before I could continue. Quietly, she added. “Some women love flattery.”

Galmine had a lot of things going for her, but speed wasn’t one of them. She had trouble with manual dexterity and typically did everything with great deliberation and care. I couldn’t even pull her up the ramp to get her to run when Jinx had his fight. That’s what made it so terrifying to imagine her outside for more than a few minutes.

“Uh, thanks. But as much as I want to see your smiling face in the sunshine, it is dangerous for you to be out of the cave. I would be worried sick about you.” I didn’t want to make her feel bad, but she was the one that seemed to need most of our protection. I tried to get my mind back into the tasks ahead.

There had to be a method we were overlooking. Ancient civilizations on earth made their forts and walls well before the industrial age. How the hell did they do it?

“Can we hammer the logs from above using a big rock?” I wondered aloud to end any thought of Galmine going outside.

“Maybe if we used our rope and hung a rock from a tree?” Sheela offered. “I admit I do not know if it would work, but we could try.”

I looked to Trel’s curtain, wondering if she’d grace us with any ideas. She loved to poke holes in my plans, so maybe she would point out the flaws in this one. She hadn’t come out for these ideas, so maybe we were on to something.

“Can you climb?” I replied to Sheela.

“My people often make camp in high trees for mutual protection,” the feline hunter said. “Climbing will not be a problem, though we will need thicker cord to hold our rock hammers.”

I thought about the branches of the redwoods and was fairly confident someone could hang above the fort walls while holding ropes. However, they would have to be really high up because the lowest branches of that type of tree were fifty feet off the ground.

“I don’t know,” I said, scratching my head. “It seems kind of dangerous. Back on Earth, we studied an ancient empire called Egypt. They made huge pyramids hundreds of feet tall without the help of any machinery at all. Our little fort empire is much smaller, so building the walls should be a lot easier. Climbing trees doesn’t sound easy or safe.”

“Perhaps we could link ropes from different trees and create a low bridge above the fort? My people used to make such bridges when staying in one place for a long period of time.” Sheela really had experience in similar forest environments, but it wasn’t quite what we needed. Just like my aqueduct idea, it would take months to make enough rope for a suspended bridge up in those giant trees.

“Maybe. How long did it take--” I started to say before Trel interrupted. She laughed as she came out of her private space.

“You seriously expect these women to hang from trees and throw around mud? It is completely below their station to conduct themselves in these ways.” Trel spoke as she walked up to the fire pit on her human feet. Her silk dress shimmered in all the right places as I watched.

“I’m going to be doing those things with them,” I replied with as little sarcasm as possible. “And on my planet, men and women are completely equal, so I don’t see it as work above or below any of us.”

“You think males and females are equal? Equal?” Trel replied in a deadly serious voice. “That is the most insulting thing you’ve said since you got here, especially since you also pretend we’re building your ‘empire.’ I bet you think of yourself as an emperor and us women as your hapless pyramid builders.”

I tried to interrupt, but she held up her claw-hand to indicate she wasn’t going to let me break her train of thought. My idea of empire had nothing to do with conquering lands in the real world. I’d done it hundreds of times in my video games, though, and I only called my fort an ‘empire’ because it helped me organize my plans the same way I did in my games. A strong foundation was a requirement for a simple fort or a galactic alliance. None of this would make sense to the spider woman.

“That’s wrong on every level possible,” Trel went on. “We aren’t your slaves, and you aren’t an emperor. You’re building a wooden stockade. Nothing more than a four-sided fence. Calling it an empire makes you look like a power-mad fool.” She looked at me sternly. “So please never use the words equality and empire again since you clearly have no idea what they mean.”

Trel seemed to take a deep breath so she could continue berating me.

“Your male ideas of equality will have to be addressed in depth another time, I’m afraid. As I’ve been saying all along, I want to keep Sheela and Galmine from wasting their time on unworthy pursuits, and that’s what you excel at planning. If you left them alone, I’d let you spend your time however you wanted.” Trel let out a malicious laugh.

“I’m not try--“ I began, but she interrupted me.

“Ladies, if you insist on this course, at least do it right,” Trel offered with fake sympathy. “Why let this male fool sock you with the labor of standing up each and every log when you could easily lay them down one on top of the other?”

“But we have to put them in the ground. That’s how the fort is built.” I held up both of my hands with all ten fingers lined up next to each other like vertical fence slats.

“Ugg. Male, you cannot be this stupid. I assure you, it would take something much bigger than rocks to hammer in those logs. But you can solve all your problems by doing this.” She flattened both of her hands then placed one above the other, so her digits formed a ten-rung ladder. “Then you only need two poles in the ground to support the walls, like this.” She rested one hand of horizontal fingers into the V-shape of two claw-fingers on her other hand to demonstrate her point.

She once again had a great idea. If we laid the logs one on top of the other, we didn’t have to worry about a bunch of digging, and there would be almost no hammering required. It was the perfect solution I really should have thought of on my own.

There was no denying she was super smart when it came to planning and construction. Her special skill was “Structure Building” not because it was arbitrarily assigned by aliens, but because she really was a genius at it. The problem with Trel was that she hated me, well, all men really. But her loathing gave me an idea: I could just play the dumb male forever and collect her good ideas when she belittled me. It would be a blow to my ego, but my ego wasn't going to matter if I was dead. I didn’t care if she hated me as long as I got her help.

Results were the only thing that mattered at this point. We’d die if these walls weren’t built.

I exchanged glances with Sheela and Galmine: both had put down their cords while Trel stood in front of us. It was up to me to convince her.

“Trel-Idil-Iria, I can honestly say with no bullshit or flattery that you have thought of an incredible idea for our fort. Driving in a few smaller stakes will be much easier than hammering in each of the larger logs. I wish I’d thought of it,” I said.

“I bet you do,” Trel replied as if unsure she liked how the conversation ended. She studied me for a long time before walking away from the light of the fire. I watched her go feeling a little like I’d taken advantage of her, but her sour attitude made me quickly ignore that.

“Thank you, Trel,” Galmine added as the spider woman left.

“Yes, you have helped immensely,” Sheela continued.

Sheela and Galmine got back to twisting cord while I resumed scraping out the hole in my axe handle. After a few minutes, I thought over the whole exchange with Trel and couldn’t shake the feeling she always knew exactly what she was doing. I gave her credit for being a genius about building, but maybe she was a genius in everything she did. I just couldn’t stop thinking about spider webs, and bugs getting ensnared in that web.

Perhaps I was the one being manipulated?

I shook my head while observing the crackling fire. The flat piece of wood I’d been watching all night now had a hole burned all the way through. The runaway charcoal took a while, but it sizzled through the wood like it was butter. I compared that to the half-carved hole in the axe handle and had my own flash of inspiration.

“That’s funny,” I said. “I’ve just realized how I can speed up making the notch for the axe blade. It’s been staring me in the face all night.”

I explained our second big technological leap of the evening: the easiest way to make a neat hole in my axe handle wasn’t with a blade. It was with fire.

A short time later I had everything I needed to test my theory. I used a couple of smaller pieces of wood like chopsticks to grab hot coals from deep inside the fire and transfer them into the hole I’d started on the axe handle. Once I packed them in and blew on the coals, it only took a handful of minutes to see the red-hot embers burrow down into the handle.

“Yes! This is going to work,” I said after seeing the proof of concept with the first coal. Over the next several minutes, I refined my process: I got better about dropping additional coals into the hole, and I figured out I needed something to keep the edges from burning. Galmine saw my problem and had a solution in moments. She gave me some bits of leftover clay to scrape around the rim of the hole to fireproof it.

“We use mud a lot in my world to keep fires from getting out of hand,” the rock woman explained. “Every home has a hearth for cooking and warmth. Mud and rock do the best job of keeping the fire from hopping into our living rooms.”

“Well, it was perfect for this,” I said after seeing it do its job. With the clay as protection, the coals only burned downward, not to the sides.

One problem was solved, so I moved to the next on my list: Maintaining the axe.

“Sheela, while these burn in the handle, do you mind showing me how you sharpen the stone blade?”

“I would love to,” the cat-woman said in a pleasant voice. She set down her cord project and pulled the flat cooking stone closer to her. “We’ll use the back side of this as our grinder,” she added. She also grabbed a couple smaller stones and pulled them next to her.

“Want to learn her technique?” I turned towards Galmine and gestured towards Sheela.

“Sure, I do know a thing or two about stonework, but I would love to study Sheela’s methods,” Galmine said with a bounce in her voice.

“First, we use a smaller rock to break off the waste. Thanks to Trel, we have very little of that.” Sheela pointed to the thinner side of the wedge-shaped rock and then used even taps of her smaller stone to strike chips from the axe edge. Each time she stopped to look at her work, it seemed to look more and more like a blade.

“Next, we must sharpen this edge by scraping it over this wet cooking rock.” She splashed some water on the cooking stone, then pushed and pulled the flat axe blade with both her hands. The constant grinding between the two rocks seemed like an incredible amount of labor, but she only stopped to inspect her progress every few minutes.

I had to check my axe handle and add coals a few times in the fifteen or twenty minutes she spent grinding the blade on the rock. She finally halted, checked her work one last time, then put the cooking stone back on the fire ring.

“The last step is to polish it, to lessen the chance of cracking. We need a little more water for this.” Sheela tipped over a small amount of liquid from our pot. She found a small rounded rock and rubbed it steadily against the larger blade giving the sharp edge a fine polishing. Finally, she put down her stone, rubbed the edge, and then set it next to me.

“Here you go, Victor. May it serve us well.” Sheela picked up her cord as if I had never interrupted her.

“Thank you, Sheela,” I said happily. The long process suggested we needed eight or ten axes so we would always have sharp ones on the job site. During the night, we could spend our time on blade upkeep.

“I bet your husband would never guess you’d be sharpening axe blades, huh?” I wanted to keep the talk light, but I was also very curious if I had to worry about a jealous husband tracking me down sometime in the future.

“No one on my planet could even imagine such a place as this,” Sheela replied. “We have dangerous forests and bleak lands, but most times we are never far from the safety of a village or royal keep. Only when we intentionally head off into the deep wilds can we encounter true danger, but even then, it’s nothing close to what is found here.”

“So, I guess you’d never seen a dinosaur until you arrived here?” I asked. I’d stumbled into an important question about Dinosaurland. Aside from ripping our eyes out and giving us a game-oriented computer screen, the most curious mystery was why the aliens chose dinosaurs from Earth for this place?

“No. We have legends about large beasts in the deep woods on my world, but I admit they mainly serve to keep the cubs from wandering out on their own before they are ready to hunt.” Sheela laughed a little.

“Do you have pictures of these beasts?” I asked.

“Yes,” Sheela replied. “They are two-legged monsters much larger than our people. They are often drawn with long, disgusting black fur, horrible claws, and red, glowing eyes. Sometimes they creep through villages on all fours, like animals.”

“So, kind of like bigger, uglier, versions of yourself,” I ventured. I couldn’t imagine an ugly version of the cat-like woman, but the comparison seemed appropriate.

“Yes,” Sheela admitted. “The stories are told so that cubs understand the threat. If I tried to describe the monsters I have seen on this planet, the children would have no frame of reference, and therefore would not be properly deterred.”

“That’s what I was thinking. Dinosaurs are alien to you,” I said after putting it all together.

“Very alien, yes,” Sheela answered as she twisted more cord.

“And Galmine, I’m betting you have nothing like dinosaurs on your world, either?” I turned in her direction. She took a moment longer than I expected to reply. Kind of like she had to think about it.

“Dinosaurs would rip my people apart,” the tough-skinned woman said. “We have no predators of any kind, at least none that I’m aware. I have not traveled outside the Valley of the Break, so I can’t say what’s beyond. However, travelers do pass through our lands, and they’ve never spoken of any such horrible beasts on their journeys.”

“So, the dinosaurs are also alien to you?” I asked in my friendliest voice.

“Everything is so alien here,” Galmine started to say. “The trees that pierce the sky. The mountains and endless ocean. Even you, Victor. But, yes, the most alien things are those creatures who seek to devour us.”

“Thanks,” I said with my biggest smile. “I’m just trying to figure out why they chose monsters from my world.” It wasn’t an occasion for a smile, but I had to pretend otherwise.

“Anything for you,” Galmine said with a brightening face.

I didn’t have to ask Trel. If she had dinosaurs on her world, I was sure she would come out and brag about it, so her silence was her answer.

I’d learned something important: we were on a world designed like prehistoric earth. If this really was some kind of game, I figured the aliens in charge wanted the deadliest predators they could find. While part of me scoffed at the notion dinosaurs were the worst killers in the universe, I didn’t dismiss it out of hand. Why else would the aliens travel back 100 million years to get them?

We dropped back to our tasks as the conversation waned. With all my tweaks, I finished my axe about an hour later. When I was done, I held up the handle and looked at the lively fire through the long, thin hole. All I needed was a piece of wood to tap it in.

“Is it really this easy?” I said to both women.

“Yes, although you will want to fire the wood,” the feline warrior replied. “It will remove moisture and prevent breakage.”

It only took a couple of minutes over the hot flames before it was done. Sheela, as our resident weapons expert, let me know when it was perfect. After it cooled, I set the rock blade into the now-hardened slot and used a small piece of firewood to hammer it home.

“Right on!” I declared. “This thing is awesome.” The axe looked like something out of an exhibit for prehistoric man or mythical Dwarves. The blade was held in place by the pressure of being forced into the narrow crack. Every time the axe struck something, it would force it in a little tighter. I sat there beaming with pride and swung it a few times like I was chopping a tree.

“We need to make another one of these tomorrow,” I said to Sheela. “I bet we can make the second axe in less than an hour.” Finding another cutting rock would be the only challenge, but Trel found one without even looking. The whole hillside was strewn with similar stones.

“Agreed,” Sheela replied.

“But, I think we need to get some rest,” I said as if testing the idea. I wasn’t sure how long we’d been at it, but it felt like midnight at least. We needed to be up at dawn.

“I’m almost done, Victor,” Galmine answered, finally sounding like she’d lost some of her cheerleader spunk.

Both women worked through their last bits of leaves in the next few minutes. First Sheela and then Galmine put down their coils of cords after tying off the ends, so they didn’t come unraveled.

“We have a nice door now, but I think we need someone at the entrance while we are sleeping,” I said.

“Which shift do you want me to take?” Sheela asked, once again proving she was anxious to be told what to do. I was wrong about our whole back and forth earlier; there was nothing sexual about her request to get orders from me.

“Sheela, why don’t you take the first shift. I’ll take the middle. Galmine, will you take the last shift?” I suggested.

“You like it when we meet in the darkest of nighttime, don’t you?” Galmine tried to be sexy, but she also sounded exhausted. That’s why I gave her the last shift. It definitely wasn’t because I wanted to hear her whisper sweet things in my ear or finally give me a kiss.

“I look forward to it,” I said.





Chapter 10


The rest of the night flew by while we took turns keeping watch. On my shift, I could occasionally see the flashes of the giant fireflies in the grove, but that was outdone by an early morning lightning display from a powerful thunderstorm. It was the first rain I’d seen on the planet and made me realize we’d need some kind of shelter inside our fort to keep out the weather.

During the storm I couldn’t stop thinking of all we could do with rainwater. We could use some of those elephant ear-sized plant leaves to capture a downpour and guide the water into our pots. We’d need Galmine to make lots more pots, or just a giant one to store a larger quantity. Or, better yet, we could dig a hole and line it with clay so we’d have a full-on collection pond. Hell, if we did it right we’d probably never need to go to the stream again.

My to-do list and stress levels exploded while I planned each detail of our forthcoming rainwater project. There was too much to do, and not enough time to do it.

Water, and how to capture it, was still on my mind when Galmine nudged me.

“My turn, Victor,” she said in a delightful whisper.

“Oh, thank god,” I replied. I’d reached my limit guarding the door and was ready to fall over. I did get a couple of hours of rest before Sheela tapped me awake for this middle shift, but I figured out right away my body was desperate to get back to sleep. The thunder of the storm and planning for our water helped keep me awake, but that excitement had vaporized by the time Galmine nudged me.

“Get to sleep, Victor,” she said with a mischievous smile. “I can tell you are not in the mood for more.”

“I, uh, don’t know what I want. I can barely think,” I said with dreary eyes and slurred words. I’m sure my face must have been a confused mix of exhaustion and desire.

Her touch was magnetic on my arm as she led me to the fire and then guided me onto my back. Even though she crouched there with the appearance of being naked, I couldn’t keep my hundred-pound eyelids open.

“Maybe tomorrow night you’ll be on the last shift, and you can come and get me,” Galmine said in a lullaby-sweet voice.

“Maybe tomorrow night,” I repeated as if I was already dreaming.

“I will think about it all day while you are out there protecting us,” the sexy stone woman breathed into my ear. After a brief pause, she kissed my cheek.

I opened my eyes for a moment, hoping I could answer her, but she was already up and headed back toward the entrance. Her hourglass shape and soft curves glimmered in the firelight as she sauntered away. The way she walked revealed a cute little thigh gap between her legs, and I immediately fought against sleep like a drowning man in the water. I wanted to admire it for just a few more seconds, but it was no use. My eyes surrendered to sleep before she reached the gate.

“Victor, wake up,” Sheela said in a low voice.

“Well, shit,” I answered when I saw the daylight through the doorway. My bones, muscles, and joints were all in pain from spending so much time on the ground. It reminded me why I wanted to build a bed. I put that back into my job jar.

“I’m sorry, Sheela. It isn’t you,” I chuckled. “I swear the nights are shorter than home. It feels like I just laid down.” The pain was bad enough, but I also felt drained from a night of bad dreams. Rather than pleasant visions of Galmine’s body, I had terrible nightmares of being twisted and then rolled up and down one of Trel’s spider legs like I was a piece of cord.

I tried not to disturb Galmine as I sat up and put on my hat. The beautiful granite woman was curled up asleep right next to me, and I didn’t want to wake her. Jinx was also sleeping in her arms. It looked like she was snuggling with a blue-feathered teddy bear.

“I am waking you up, as you instructed me, but I am fine to go get water by myself.” She had the new jugs hooked onto opposite ends of a spear and balanced on her shoulders, just as I planned to do. I looked them over and then focused back on her. It was tempting to order her to do something safe, so I could take the greater risk and get the water, but that would start me down a dangerous path. I couldn’t afford to play favorites, and I had to put everyone where they could do the most good no matter how dangerous it was for them.

I wiped my eyes to clear them of the horrible night of sleep and hopped up onto my feet.

“You’ve got a spear, so that’s good,” I said. “It’s a shame we can’t throw the original water pot on your back.” The jug-carrying spear would also serve as her weapon if she got into trouble, but I would hate to have her go out and leave the old pot behind.

“You will just have to think of a more efficient system than this,” the feline woman said as she gestured the contraption over her shoulders.

“Okay, we’ll use the little pot for something else,” I replied. “You be safe and get the water, then come back and collect firewood. I’ll work with the new axe until you return.”

“I will be safe,” she answered.

We walked to the tree-barrier we used as a door, and together we pushed it out of the entrance so we could step through. Though the axe was a kind of weapon, I figured a spear would be more useful defending against dinos, so I picked one up as soon as we exited.

“Your tree idea for this door really worked well, Victor,” Sheela said while she adjusted the spear on her back. “I slept better knowing it was there.”

I inhaled a deep breath of the cool morning air while we stood at the top of the ramp. The rocks and bushes near the entrance to the cave were damp from the overnight rain. It was a sign of how humid the day was going to be, and I guessed we were going to have to make an extra trip or two to get more water. The redwood grove looked fresh and new, but a lone roar from far away served as notice that the old threats were still out there.

I looked up to greet our pterodactyl friend but didn’t see her on her regular branch. She wasn’t perched on any of the other trees near us either, so I hoped the thunderstorm finally chased the dino-bird away.

“I know I keep saying this, but be extra careful. Our big bird is missing. She might be at the stream getting a fish,” I said to Sheela while pointing to the empty branch above us.

“I will be careful and quick,” Sheela said as she started down the ramp. Before she went more than a few paces, she stopped and turned back to me.

“Thank you for your concern about my husband last night, Victor.” She smiled a bit before she spun around and went into the redwood grove. The way she carried the jugs on the spear looked just like a barbell, and I could imagine her working out on Muscle Beach back home. I let myself get distracted watching her go, and she was well out of voice range before I thought to say, “You’re welcome.”

I felt uneasy when she became obscured by the bushes and ferns out in the grove. I watched as long as possible, but after a few minutes passed, I knew she was already well beyond the range of my help.

When she was gone, I added the bow and arrow to my to-do list. That would give me the ability to reach out and strike at things far away. Actually, what I needed was a 50 caliber BMG sniper rifle because every shooter game had something like it. With a huge telescopic scope and a perch up in a tree, I could probably protect Sheela all the way to the stream and back.

Before I let myself get needlessly worried, I took some more deep breaths. Every new item I added to my to-do list was another allocation of resources I needed to figure out. I also had to consider what order everything should be completed. We had spears, for now, so would bows and arrows get us that much more in the short term? Could we afford to delay other tasks to spend time on new weapons? At the moment, the most important task for me was proving the axe was going to do its job.

After walking down the ramp, I went to where Sheela and I had cut our first tree. Lots of the young growth pines and oaks were the correct size: about six inches across and maybe twenty to thirty feet tall. I walked up to one that looked relatively straight as I stretched the morning stiffness out of my shoulders.

There was a rustle of movement in the bushes beside the tree, and my heart leapt into my throat. I dropped my axe and then pointed my spear as my body flooded with adrenaline. Almost as soon as I prepared to defend myself, a small brown bird hopped out, squawked at me, and then took to the air. I let out a long sigh of relief and then bent down to pick up my axe.

I chuckled at being scared of what was basically a happy little robin while I gave the axe one last check. The wooden handle was three feet long with the flat rock wedged through the slot near the tip. The stone blade stuck out a little on the one side and had about five inches of cutting surface on the business side. I made a few practice swings in the air, and the axe's weight felt really good in my hand.

I lined up the first chop and mentally prepared myself for the same kind of pain I felt when I used the hand-axe rock. I also scanned the surrounding forest just to ensure nothing was going to jump out when I made some noise. After taking one last look at the trunk of my target, I made my first side-arm swing.

“Holy shit!” I yelled as quietly as I could. The pain wasn't nearly as severe as with the hand axe-rock, but my hands weren't recovered, so I set the axe down after a few swings to massage my aching fingers. After a few dozen seconds, I thought of Sheela's ability to ignore pain, and I picked the tool back up to continue my work.

I swung the axe again and blocked out any pain from my already-bruised hands. There was no question it was a ton better than holding a cutting stone like yesterday. It took about ten minutes, but the familiar cracks of the falling tree soon made me forget the pain.

“Hell yeah,” I said to myself as the tree fell over. An hour-long torture session was now a ten-minute walk in the woods.

There was no way to drag the tree to the construction site on my own, so I got to work on cutting the second one. Each chop came with a little pain, but it made all the difference to see those trees fall over after only eight or ten minutes of effort. The new tool was way more efficient.

I was dismayed that I owed a lot of our progress to Trel. Even though she claimed not to care, she somehow found the perfect rock to make this all possible. I would love to have her on our team, but her cooperation seemed less likely every time I spoke with her. The aliens must have brought me here to get challenged at every turn, even by my supposed allies.

I’d gotten through my fifth tree when I heard a distinctive dinosaur roar rip through the morning silence of the redwood grove.

“Time to go home,” I declared in a whisper. The roar was the same as the guttural trumpet we heard at the lake. I cocked my head to get a bearing on the source and then let out a gasp when another raging growl filled the forest.

The noise came from the direction Sheela went to get water.

I kept my axe and picked up my spear before running the twenty or thirty yards back to the ramp. I had an irrational fear something was coming up behind me, so I checked over my shoulder the whole way. I also mouthed the word “fuck” about a hundred times while I ran. Another roar lasted a full ten seconds, and it seemed a lot louder than before. That made me sprint even faster, and I nearly fell over when I tripped on the first part of the ramp’s slope. When I regained my wits and was sure nothing was going to grab me, I forced myself to stand there so I could keep an eye out for Sheela.

“Come on, Sheela, where the hell are you?” I said in a low voice as I waited for the redwood forest to cough up my friend. Sixty seconds later, she was still nowhere in sight, and I was losing my sanity.

Fuck. Why wasn’t she coming? If that roar didn’t get her to drop the water and sprint home, I didn’t think anything would. I had half a mind to run out into the grove after her, but the idea sped right past brave and into suicidal territory. Each passing second I didn’t see her, though, the idea seemed better and better.

Another primal bellow tore through the air from out where Sheela was supposed to be. Despite the risks, I was coming to terms with the crazy idea of going after her. My vision narrowed as I contemplated which way I was going to run.

While I stood there death-gripping both my weapons, Jinx hopped down the ramp behind me. He made an odd clicking sound with his beak, and I guessed he was trying to warn me of the giant fucking dinosaurs.

“Go back inside!” I commanded him, and the bird skidded to a halt so that he could obey me. He ran back up the ramp toward the cave, and I turned back to wait impatiently for the warrior woman.

“Sheela!” I cried out, though not loud enough to be heard very far. I wanted to scream for her, but that was just as dumb as running toward the sounds of the terrible lizards.

“Fuck this. I’m going,” I said out loud. But I only took a couple steps when I caught sight of the feline woman fast approaching from my right. I could tell by the way she ran that the water containers were filled. She wasn’t sprinting, but her power walk was almost as fast as my run.

I ran a few more steps in her direction but stopped to let her come to me. She constantly looked over her shoulder, just as I had done a minute before, so I waved my axe to keep her focused on me.

Another roar shook the ground with a deep, gnarly rumble, and Sheela somehow sped up to a full run to cover the last fifty feet between us. A few heartbeats later a second howl replied from elsewhere in the forest.

“Hurry!” I said when Sheela was only ten feet away.

She remained grim-faced as she crossed the last few yards, but she smiled when she got next to me. Sweat soaked her body as if she’d finally found an activity that forced her to exert herself.

“Thank god you made it, let’s get inside,” I ordered when she was jogging by. I reversed my way to the ramp without turning my back toward the redwood grove. I was convinced the dinosaurs were closer than they sounded, but I still didn’t see anything.

Finally, I ran up the ramp after her. Galmine had been waiting at the gate, and the pair of women pulled it closed after I ran into the cave. Trel was also nearby and stood in “spider mode” using all of her legs, almost like she’d been in a defensive stance.

Without thinking about it, I wrapped my arms around Sheela in a tight bear hug. She was still breathing hard, so I quickly let her go. When we separated, I briefly saw that strange glow in her eyes once again.

“I’m happy to see you safe, Sheela,” I said while she stood in front of me.

“I am happy to see you, too. Thank you for watching out for me.” The glow in her eyes was gone, but her feline smile reinforced her words.

More roars echoed from outside, and we all froze to listen. Sheela moved the instant it stopped and went right to the tree barrier with her spear in hand.

“They seem to be calling to each other,” Sheela volunteered after a few moments of peering through the branches of the tree protecting our entrance.

“Or they’re looking for something,” I replied. I took off my hat and wiped my brow while also forcing my heart rate back down to normal. The pause helped me think.

“So, what the hell are they? Did they follow you? Are you hurt?” I tried to think of all the questions a good leader would ask. The beasts sounded a lot like the apex predator that chased us from the lake.

“It was a giant dinosaur, with an ugly head, short arms, and a long lizard tail,” Sheela said while getting close to catching her breath. “I would guess it to be fifteen feet tall with teeth more vicious than anything we have seen.”

She'd killed the massive crocodile who tried to eat me, so the thought of Sheela being scared of another dinosaur gave me a tremor of fear. Had she seen a T-Rex? I didn't know a ton about dinosaurs, but I recalled them being a lot taller than twelve feet. Then again, the T-Rex wasn't the only predator in dinosaur times. There might be thousands of smaller or even larger predator species.

“Were they after you?” I asked in an anxious voice. I hated the thought of something hunting my friend.

“No,” Sheela replied. “I hid inside the giant fallen tree while it walked down the stream. It did double back like it found a scent, but it eventually went away. I took a long way back to the cave, intending to lessen the chance it would pick up my trail. However, I passed near a second beast that was very similar to the first. It seemed to pursue its friend.” She was already calmer than I was despite having seen two of the bastards.

“Were they working together?” I asked. “Maybe they were mates?”

“Perhaps,” Sheela replied as she momentarily turned away from the turnstile. “Both were gray, but the second one had a bright red streak along its back and head.”

“Were they looking for the trikes?” I searched for any answer that would explain why they were there, besides hunting for us.

“We have no way of knowing,” Sheela responded in her usual calm voice. “The search for food seems most likely, though. In my experience, predators remain at rest until they are on the hunt.” Though we’d only talked for a handful of minutes, her breathing was back to normal. That was the level of fitness I needed to develop.

Trel clacked her chitinous claws to get our attention.

“See? When there are real emergencies you always return to the cave,” Trel stated matter-of-factly. “Do I need to rehash it all again why we should stay here?”

I was almost never in the mood to tangle with her, and this was no exception. Sheela was nearly hunted down, monsters were roaming the grove, and the bird countdown never stopped ticking.

I was happy no one else rose to meet her challenge, either. That probably pissed her off more than if I’d said something snarky. She sighed heavily when she realized I wasn’t going to reply, and then she strolled back to her nook.

“You know I’m right,” Trel said as a final poke in my eye before sliding her partition closed.

Trel’s rants always had grains of truth to them. We did use the cave as a fallback place of safety, but that’s why we needed the fort as another refuge. Where would we go if the cave was overrun with those orange birds and the predators were waiting out front?

Those raptors had nearly found us, and their presence beside our home changed my whole planning matrix. Making a comfy bed fell completely off the list. Bows and arrows moved right up to the top. As far as weapons go, they were the easiest to envision, though if battling large carnivores was in our future, we’d need to master the ballista, catapult, or something with more of a punch.

The three of us froze again at the sound of another roar. I held my breath for those few seconds, but let it out when it was obvious the dinosaurs were not getting any closer.

“I think they are going back to the lake. That is the direction they were headed when I last saw them,” Sheela added as she looked beyond the turnstile jammed in the door.

Hiding in the cave wasn’t a long-term option because of all the shit which needed to get done outside. But if I took comfort in anything, it was that those giant predators couldn’t hope to sneak up on us. The second the roars were far enough away we had to get back out there, and my heart rate quickened at what I was about to suggest.

“Sheela, let me know when things calm down outside. We both have to go out and get a few things,” I said while standing at the gate with her. Nothing was visible in the grove below us, and the roars were much reduced in volume, but we had to be certain. I shared my thoughts to help calm my nerves.

“I have a job for you,” I said as I pointed to the axe blade. “I want you to find more rocks like this, so we can make more axes. I got five trees down while you were at the stream, but my blade is now very dull. If you have a second one, I bet we can have one wall built by the end of tomorrow. If we have ten of them, we won’t have to worry about sharpening axes during the work day.”

“I can do that,” Sheela said simply.

“Unless you think Trel is hoarding more, you’ll have to search among the rocks outside our cave,” I advised her. To my surprise, Trel didn’t use the opportunity to snipe back at me, which suggested she was still pissed or had no more rocks. Hell, I’d kiss the mean spider-woman if she revealed a stash of axe blades that would eliminate the need to go outside to look for one.

Sheela shook her head no, but also smiled a tiny bit.

“Then I’ll go out with you,” I continued. “The second it’s clear we’ll scrounge around for what we need. You get at least one rock, and I’ll get another axe handle. We can come back in here and make the axe until we are absolutely sure we can return to chopping wood out in the grove.”

We waited for ten minutes as the roars faded into the distance. Sheela’s hearing seemed superior to mine, and she claimed she could still hear them even after I could not. She gave me a nod half a minute later, and I cleared my throat.

“They are far enough away to make a fast sweep outside,” I said as I pointed out the door. “We should hear them coming if they decide to return.”

Galmine helped us push the tree-barrier from the door, and Sheela and I ran down the ramp. She carried her spear, and I carried my axe in my left hand and my own spear in my right.

“I’ll be right over here in these trees,” I called to Sheela as she started searching some of the rock piles near the base of the ramp.

“I will listen for danger,” Sheela replied in her neutral voice. I was scared shitless something was going to swoop in and grab me, but she seemed immune to fear. That was another skill I needed to acquire.

I went right to where I’d already been cutting, and found the proper-sized branch on the same tree where I’d gotten the first axe handle. It only took a few minutes to cut the three-foot length with the new axe, but I didn’t see another that would make for a proper handle.

I jogged right back to where Sheela was still searching for rocks. It didn’t look like she’d found the right stone, yet, so I waited nearby to guard her. I needed to say something to stay occupied.

“I’m so glad you’re okay, Sheela. I don’t know what I’d do--” I said before she interrupted me.

“Thank you, Victor,” she replied. “I was never in real danger.” She picked up a rock that was the shape we needed, but it must have had something wrong with it because she dropped it back to the ground.

“Yeah, well,” I began. “I’ll always worry about you, out there. I worry about all of us, but you do a lot of the dangerous work. I have to keep giving you the hard jobs, until we have more help.”

“Until we find more abductees on this world?” Sheela answered.

“I was thinking of Trel,” I nudged my head toward the cave. However, Sheela presented a new possibility. My friends from the beach died before we could all escape, but were there others out in the woods waiting to be found? If so, finding help out there might be easier than coaxing Trel into becoming a team player.

“Have you seen others?” I added as an afterthought. I stood with my axe and spear like the castle guard on duty, but I also searched the nearby rocks to see if I could find what we needed and get us out of there.

“No, but they come from fingers of light from the sky. Galmine and Trel both appeared after I saw their beams. I found you because I was heading toward lights I saw in your direction. But they have not reappeared since then.”

I picked up a rock that had the proportions we needed and showed Sheela.

“A little too big Victor, but set it aside,” she advised. “We can use it if we are desperate.”

“You think the lights mean more people are being dropped to the surface?” I asked while chucking the rock just to the side of the path. I then peered out into the grove, worried that I’d taken my eyes off the forest for too many seconds.

“Yes,” Sheela said simply.

“I, uh, don’t remember how I arrived,” I said. “I can’t recall anything of the trip down or any lights.” I tried to help her find the perfect rock, but I was constantly distracted by shrieks and calls that I figured were just birds. We were there for another five minutes before Sheela stepped out from the bushes.

“This is the one.” She held up a rock almost identical to the gray stone Trel had given us. It was wedge-shaped and tapered to one side as if it was intended to be an axe blade. “Would you like me to gather others?”

There were no threats anywhere that I could see, but I wanted to get back to the safety of the cave. Having more rocks would be great but finding them would require additional time outdoors. I anxiously shifted on my feet for a few moments before deciding.

“Yeah, but I don’t like the feel out here. We’ll come outside again when things are back to their normal level of scariness.” I acted like an usher and motioned her up the ramp.

She wasted no time arguing, but she did grab the larger rock that I’d tossed down. I followed her up the ramp and into the cave with only a single look back over my shoulder.

Once we got settled in and working on our projects, my heart rate and imagination came down from the upper atmosphere. We hadn’t encountered any apex predators so far. It was just bad timing the carnivores appeared when Sheela was at the stream getting water.

Minutes later, with the coals burning on my new wooden handle, I let out a long, satisfying sigh. Sheela was already chipping her new axe blade, but she stopped as if knowing I was going to say something. I read her steady golden eyes and knew what a leader would say.

“As long as we don’t hear the big ones again, Sheela and I will return to the grove in the afternoon and cut more wood. The birds are coming, so we can’t stop a project unless the big dinosaurs are right at our door.” I laughed to let them know I wasn’t afraid. I was so thankful we had enough left over fish and water at that moment so we could focus on the big project. “So as soon as we get this extra axe done, we’ll head out.”

Both women smiled to acknowledge my statement and then got back to work. Even though I got up about a hundred times to check the ramp leading up to our cave over the next two hours, I also found the time to burn a hole clear through the handle.

Sheela shaped, sharpened, and polished the stone in the same time I used for the wood burning project. I gave her my contribution and then stood by the turnstile while she hardened the wood, slid in the blade, and tapped it home.

It took about two hours of labor, but the end result was well worth it. We stood next to each other holding our matching axes, and I felt ready to take on the world.

Galmine cooked more bird and a bit of fish as we finished up the second axe. I was happy to have some more calories for the afternoon of cutting ahead of us, but it was another ticking clock in my life. At some point, we needed to put the fort project on hold and restock our food. It would be ten million times easier if Galmine or Trel could go out and take care of that for us, but I could only do the best with the assets I had.

I thought once more about Heracula, Kelg, and the other dead man and how great it would be if they were here. But then I imagined what I’d do if my feline friend wasn’t around and realized it could always be worse.

“This is going to be awesome, Sheela. We’re going to clear this whole forest.” I laughed as we stood together and picked our spears. I was inwardly nervous to go outside and leave the safety of the ramp, but I was happy she and I were going to be working right next to each other.

“I am ready,” she said as if I was about to open the door to battle.

We pushed out the turnstile and once again emerged from our safe little cave. The heat hit me like I’d walked into a sauna and I thought back to the humidity of the morning from the overnight rain. I had more sweating to do, but that hardly bothered me because I didn’t hear those carnivorous dinosaurs.

“Anything out there?” I said to Sheela knowing she was listening for predators.

“No. We are safe, for now,” she counselled.

I almost joked that there were a million other threats on a planet loaded with prehistoric monsters, but stopped myself because that wouldn’t be helpful. Instead, I took the first steps down the ramp.

We walked warily to the clump of trees I’d cut, which gave Sheela a chance to see how much progress I’d made.

“You cut all these down?” Sheela asked. “This is going to go much faster with two axes.”

“Let’s drag these over to the construction site so we can use them to create an outline of the fort,” I suggested while I pointed to where we already stashed that first tree. Before we cut a bunch more trees, I wanted to see how things were going to lay out. It was how my mind operated when in empire-building mode.

Over the next hour, we dragged each of the downed trees to the job site. We stuffed our spears into the branches as we moved them, but this time we also hooked our axes on the same trees as extra insurance. Gradually our heightened vigilance fell back to normal alertness so we could focus on our jobs.

It took time to cut off the branches and tops of each twenty-footer to make the poles somewhat long and straight. We dumped the odd-shaped extra wood in a pile on the back side of the giant sequoia. If we left it there long enough, it would dry out and be useful for firewood.

I used a stick to hack down ferns and other plants next to the trunk of our home redwood. I chose an area just to the left of the tree, as seen from the cave, so that the two sites were about forty yards from each other and in direct line of sight. When I was done getting it ready, we had the perfect flat space to build.

“Our best bet is to have three walls of logs,” I said while surveying the tree trunks lying next to our chosen redwood. “I think we talked about using the giant trunk as a corner, but look how big it is. We can use it as the whole wall.”

We re-arranged three logs into the shape I needed. When we were done, we had created a twenty by twenty enclosure with three logs joined by the fourth wall of the tree itself. We’d have to work out a door, but it became apparent how we would build our new camp.

“We’ll be able to lean logs right up against the tree to make our living space,” I said as if I managed a construction site. “We’ll be shielded completely from wind and rain coming from that side.” I pointed to the right of the tree.

“It is a very good design, Victor,” Sheela replied.

I would have felt better if I could get Trel out to look it over before we started. She was the real architect, and her approval could potentially save a lot of wasted effort, but without her, we had to do the best we could.

I moved the logs on the ground a few more times to account for how we would join the corners. We were going to try to link them like a log cabin, but it was hard to plan that out without a sketch pad or even some dust to draw crude lines. We talked about making the square into a hexagon so the walls would be shorter and easier to cut but neither of us could say for sure which was more efficient.

“My people always build rectangles,” Sheela said after we’d moved one of the logs for the fifth time. “It seems the easiest shape for our limited cutting options.”

That’s what it all came down to. There were probably smarter ways of doing it, but there were plenty of trees of the correct height for making twenty-foot logs. If we made the walls shorter, we’d waste more of the trees and would have to cut down even greater numbers of them. We’d struck the perfect balance.

“That works for me,” I said. “A rectangle it is.” I was happy to have the plan written in stone, and we moved the example walls one last time so that we had our final square.

“Come and get some water,” Galmine cheerfully chirped from midway down the ramp.

I glanced quickly at my silver-haired friend and then turned to check the grove to ensure nothing was going to come out and grab her. When I saw it was still safe, I pulled off my hat to air my head.

The blazing sun beat down on my exposed head, and I swallowed once in response to seeing the small water pot she held in her hands.

“I admit she has come at just the right time,” Sheela said. She wasn’t dripping sweat as much as me, but that wasn’t saying much. Yesterday I’d ripped off my long-sleeved shirt to keep cool but there was no beating the saturating humidity.

“I didn’t think you ever complained,” I said with a smile.

“It is not a complaint. It is a statement of fact,” Sheela said while trying to stay serious.

I patted my hat onto my head before we grabbed spears and axes and walked toward Galmine. I watched all around for animals but couldn’t help noticing Sheela was hiding a prim smile.

“So, you do have a sense of humor. Your secret is safe with me,” I told her with exaggerated stealth. She was usually so serious I began to wonder if she had a sense of humor at all. When we reached Galmine, the rock woman seemed to know Sheela and I were playing around.

“You two are glowing,” Galmine said with both happiness and accusation. “Just like two lovers keeping secrets.” She winked at me but also smiled broadly at Sheela.

“Please stop. You know I am married. Victor and I were speaking of our desire for what is inside that clay container.” Sheela pointed at the old clay water pot.

“Married, yes,” the rock woman answered. “But there is something in your eyes.”

“You are acting very silly. May I have the water?” Sheela sounded overly serious, as if she really wanted to change the subject.

While Sheela took a swig, I tried to think of something to distract my green-eyed friend.

“Galmine, what are you working on inside?”

“I ripped up all the leaves I could find. We’ll need more so we can keep creating cord. Can you get some more? And, dearest Victor, while you are out, perhaps you could get me some more fish and a bucket of clay. I want to stay busy, like you two lovebirds.” Galmine giggled and flashed her bright white teeth.

I tried to ignore her playfulness because she’d hit on something deadly serious. Part of managing this project was keeping the workers occupied in every waking moment. She was going to be out of chores and thus doing nothing to help our momentum. There were actually going to be two people sitting idly inside the cave if I didn't get Galmine more leaves to work on. Or axes to sharpen, or clay to make pots, or food to cook. I had to keep her busy, or I'd be wasting a resource.

I considered a reply as I took a drink from the clay container. I’d worked on our primary project for a very short time today, but we still had the entire afternoon and evening of hard, outdoor labor. We did so much sweating I was pretty sure we’d need a second water run to go with all our other problems. My heart skipped a few beats just thinking about it.

The cave opening was right there, which gave me an idea.

“I want you two safe, but will you wait outside the cave for a few minutes? I want to talk alone to Trel to see if she’ll work with us.” I didn’t want my friends outside where danger was lurking, but I wanted to see if I could appeal to Trel with a private conversation.

“I fear she will not, Victor, as long as she believes help is on the way,” Sheela replied.

“I do love her hopeful spirit,” Galmine added as I handed the water back to her. “And I thought as she did for some time, but each day I think that less and less.”

“Yeah, I probably lost that hope about ten minutes after I saw the two moons,” I admitted. I could be brutally honest with myself and admit humanity would never find a way to reach me. Even if someone back home knew I was gone, they’d have no way to cross the stars to retrieve me. Nevermind that a glorified dog catcher wasn’t worth the resources necessary for an interstellar rescue.

“The beings who took us seem very powerful,” the green-eyed woman said as a final thought to our exchange.

I smiled a last time at my friends and then spun to head up the ramp. I paused just before I entered the cave to consider my options with Trel. The other two women both seemed to accept the overwhelming hopelessness of our abduction and deposit on this world, but Trel did not, so I needed a way to convince her. That gave me a nugget of an idea, but I would have to work it all out once I spoke to her.

I went into the cave intending to call Trel out of her nook but halted when I realized she was already standing at the fire on just her human legs. I also caught a flash of motion behind her as Jinx bounced onto his woodpile and went into what was fast becoming his home. I re-oriented my eyes onto the “winged” woman to find her wearing a disapproving scowl.

“You came in by yourself to win me over with your sappy male begging, is that it?” Trel asked sarcastically.

“Something like that,” I admitted. “Though I do not beg.”

She glared at me with her dark sinkhole eyes.

“Well then, dear Victor, give it your best shot,” she said while waving her hand as if to allow me to approach her. I did step closer to the fire but stopped before getting right where she pointed.

“It’s true. I need your help. We have less than a month to build a huge structure, and the only person here who is an expert at construction is you. Every time you open your mouth to belittle or mock me, you somehow make my life easier. I’m tempted to go on letting you yell at me just so I can keep taking notes on your great ideas, but that takes time and energy. I’d rather have you at my side so we can work together.” I spoke in an even and respectful voice.

Trel looked behind me toward the cave door and whatever she saw there seemed to satisfy her.

“Did they tell you to talk to me?” she asked.

“No, they basically told me not to,” I replied.

“Then why are you here, male? When two women give you sage advice, I think you should take it,” she said in a scolding tone.

“Can I sit here?” I asked in an effort to make our meeting a little less formal.

“I cannot stop you,” she replied.

Anger at her attitude overwhelmed me as I took a seat by the fire. I inhaled a calming breath and forced myself to say, “Thank you.”

I organized my thoughts and cobbled together a plan. I didn’t think I could outsmart her, so I had to out-truth her, and the only way to do that was with logic. She wasn’t going to be affected by emotional pleas like Galmine, nor would she be swayed with what was right in front of her like Sheela. I had to make it both personal and logical.

“Do you mind if I ask what you were doing when you were abducted, Trel-Idil-Iria?”

“My private life is none of your business, but how about this? What were you doing when you were taken, male? Were you creating a multi-step master plan to use the toilet?” She let out a sarcastic laugh.

Shit. So much for personal.

“No. I was taken while I was doing my job.” I continued to breathe deep to keep myself from reacting to her insult. “I had just collected a runaway snake from a pool party filled with gorgeous women. The aliens must have had a ship or something in the sky above me because they ripped me right out of the truck and off my world. For all I know, they took the truck, too. If that’s true, no one on Earth knows I was taken.”

It saddened me to hear myself say it out loud. Sure, Beatrice might wonder where I was, but she’d probably be equally concerned with her missing truck. My parents were gone, and I had no family to speak of. Even Lacey would have no idea that I’d left her life forever; she’d probably just think I flaked out on coming back to her party. I must have gotten lost in thought because Trel coughed to get my attention.

“Yeah, so, uh, you should know that my planet is always on the lookout for aliens. It’s like our world’s hobby. We have satellites, and radio telescopes pointed at the stars to try to find evidence that aliens are out there. We have huge militaries with warships and tanks and shit all over the planet. We--” She interrupted me.

“I’m anxious to find the end to your rambling,” she said with an exasperated sigh.

“Right. The point is even with all that technology, my planet could do nothing to stop the aliens, or even see them. They flew right through all those defenses and plucked me and my truck from one of the biggest cities on Earth, and I’m pretty sure we didn’t fight back. We have rockets and shuttles but nothing that could ever reach this place.”

“I understand. But your primitive world sounds as backward as you are. My people are far more advanced. We have space yachts and trading partners across our star system. They will undoubtedly have tracked us to this world and are even now planning a rescue.” Trel spoke with her usual self-assurance. I almost envied that level of blind devotion to an idea as comforting as rescue.

“Maybe. You could be right. And despite everything I say, I really do hope you get rescued. It would mean your people are in a different league than the aliens who are running this shitty experiment.”

She looked around the cave as if seeing something deeper than the rock walls surrounding us.

“When you first appeared, and recognized the monsters outside were from your world, I figured you were responsible for all this. Lone male. Cocky and wanting to take charge. Yet, my superior intellect quickly figured out that was impossible if you are representative of your species.” Trel let out a light laugh, but then stopped when I only shrugged.

“But,” she continued, “I admit that if this world were constructed by aliens and populated with these huge monsters culled from your backward planet, those builders would pose a formidable military challenge for my sisters. However, we have our secrets, too, though I don’t trust you, or them, enough to share any.” She pointed to the cave wall to indicate she was talking about the aliens.

“So, your people can build entire worlds like this one?” I asked in a hopeful tone.

“I did not say that,” she replied with annoyance.

“Can your people fly into the airspace of enemy worlds without being seen?”

“Victor, I did not say that,” she stated dryly.

“I’m trying to figure out the difference between your technology and theirs. I admit my world has a basic tech level far below yours. We can’t cross the stars, for example. If you are way more advanced than us, I just have to wonder how the aliens got through your defenses undetected so they could take you. That’s why I asked where you were when they got you. Maybe you were in a remote area like Sheela when she was snatched? It might explain how they got around your super-secret technology.”

I took a guess that Trel wasn’t the kind of woman to go out on her own and be lost in nature, like Sheela. If she was as powerful and important as she said she was, I expected her to live inside a bunker with multiple layers of guards and protection, especially if she had ten thousand males after her.

“Is that your point? To insult my world and those who would rescue me? If so, you’ve found something else at which you excel.” She sounded disgusted.

“No. Not at all,” I said with a sigh. “Why do you always read me wrong? I’m saying your world sounds way smarter than mine. Like a thousand years smarter, at least. The human race can barely agree on the color of the sky.” I laughed when I thought about how little my race knew about aliens or the galaxy. “So traveling to the stars is pretty much impossible for us right now. It’s painful to admit, but my people are never coming for me.”

I sighed at the truth of that statement but pushed on to drive home my point.

“Sheela and Galmine both said their peoples lack space flight, so all our hopes are on you. I’m hopeful your sisters will blast in and save us. But I needed to know how sure you were that your people could overcome the aliens who swooped in, grabbed you, and ran without firing a shot. If I were ever going to risk my life by waiting in the cave with you, I would want to be absolutely certain your people would be here.”

Trel’s dark eyes peered into mine. She was so beautiful it was tempting to look away, but I held her gaze to try to prove I wasn’t there to grovel or beg. I think Trel was counting on me begging at some point and maybe she was surprised I didn’t.

“You would consider my recommendation?” she asked with clear disbelief. “I’ve been saying my sisters would rescue me since the beginning.”

“That’s what Sheela said.” I felt like I had her right where I wanted her. “And I figure you wouldn’t risk your life unless you’ve looked logically at your chance of being rescued. I guess I really wanted to know what you thought.”

“And you still don’t believe me?” she said defensively.

“Look. You have no reason to accept I am telling the truth when I say I believe you. I would love to be in your shoes. As I said, my people are absolutely not coming. I know it deep in my heart, yet I still leave some hope for a miracle. You, however, have a legitimate reason to think you will be rescued. I don’t blame you for holding onto that until, well, forever.”

She did a double take.

“Oh. Okay then. So you think as I do?” Trel began. “That is a surprise, but a welcome one. Now, you see why you must stop your wasteful pursuits with Sheela and Galmine?”

It was the easy way out. I could sit in the relative safety of the cave until whatever was going to happen, happened. We might die from nesting birds, giant crocs, or something as simple as starvation. Right up until the end we could all sit around hoping for rescue.

“I wish I could, but ultimately it all comes down to living long enough to see those rescue ships. I don’t know when your sisters will come, and we only have a few weeks until the orange birds try and take this cave.”

“You sound like Sheela. She has spent too much time in the company of males.” Her reply didn’t have much of her normal snark. I felt like she had at least considered my words. It was pretty obvious by her own logic that her people weren’t as advanced as the aliens and that rescue was far from a sure thing.

I stood up, signaling my desire to get back to work.

“Trel, I would love to work with you. Everything you touch gets improved. Please consider becoming more involved with our project until your rescue arrives. You can even stay inside the cave if you want. We just need--” I said before she held up her hand to cut me off.

“So it finally comes out. You were here to beg and flatter after all. Here’s a better idea: why don’t you get involved in my award-winning project called ‘waiting for rescue’? Or just run off into the woods and die. I don’t care. You’ve been nothing but an annoyance since you’ve interrupted my life.” She waved her hand dismissively.

I was tempted to lob something verbally in return, but I’d made a huge amount of progress talking back and forth. It was by far our longest conversation and the one with the fewest insults. Not zero insults, but fewer than normal. I couldn’t throw all that away to make myself feel better.

“I’m done with this,” she said with nearly a growl after I didn’t leave immediately.

“I hear you, but there is one more thing I have to say before I get the other women,” I said in a sympathetic voice. It was clear I’d won our battle, but I also had to win the war. “I’m not the selfish person you think I am, Trel. I listen to all advice and use what works best, no matter who had the idea. That’s why we’re using your axe blade, twisting your cords, and building with logs lying on their sides as you suggested. But I’ll go the extra mile for you and promise that once we have the fort built, I’ll personally help you stockpile food and water in the cave. Maybe you can outlast the birds. I don’t know. But I won’t leave anyone to die. Not ever.”

I turned around and walked out before she could reply. It was probably going to be another insult, anyway.

When I emerged in the light of the afternoon, it felt like I’d returned to the real world. Numerous clocks continued to count down and more tasks piled up. My blood pressure spiked as all my problems flooded back in: Galmine needed something to do, Sheela and I needed to get back to cutting, and distant roars reminded me of the stakes.

The two women looked at me with anticipation after my big talk with Trel. Was it best to tell them I’d gotten nowhere?

That wasn’t exactly true. No matter how much Trel pretended to believe rescue was imminent, she was too smart to ignore logic forever. I’d planted the seed of doubt in her web while also purging the last inkling of the doubt from inside me. Nobody was coming. Long-term survival was our responsibility, and it was out of the hands of our home worlds. Taking the next step on that journey was up to me.

I took a deep breath of fresh air and felt the sun on my cheeks. I was alive and still playing whatever “game” this was called. As long as I could say that, I had the ability to help my new friends.

“It’s still just the three of us, and we have a mountain of work to do,” I said to both of the beautiful women. “Let's get going.”





Chapter 11


Over the next ten days, I had plenty of time to wonder if my private talk with Trel made any impact on her. At the time, I thought it was obvious that our chances of rescue were unlikely, but instead of realizing she needed to help us survive, she became even more of a recluse. While the rest of us struggled to make our new home, the spider woman spent most of her time sulking in her private quarters.

Despite Trel’s lack of support, we managed to make considerable progress on our fort over those ten days. Sheela and I had spent today lifting the last of the logs onto our walls, and now the shell of our new fort was nearly complete. I was confident we’d have everything finished well before those birds showed up, and I’d almost stopped stressing out about it. We needed to make a door and add a little section of roof, but after that, we’d be move-in ready.

In some ways, I was amazed we’d gotten it done so fast. For every hour we spent constructing the fort it seemed like we devoted another two hours to hiding. It wasn’t unusual to spend short periods of time inside the cave while strange dinosaurs wandered through our grove. Even if they were peaceful herbivores grazing hundreds of yards away, I insisted we stay hidden until we were sure they were gone. That’s when we got super motivated to carve new spears or sharpen the old ones. I was willing to suffer the lost time on the fort as long as we avoided attracting any sort of predators.

But hiding wasn’t the worst of it. To keep on living, we still had to leave the safety of our cave for our daily chores. Sheela and I started each day with a run to the stream where we would fish, hunt, and forage for fruit and berries. We would bring it all back with refills of our water. This ate a good chunk of each morning, even if we didn’t have to hide from dinosaurs or take long detours on our return trips.

Galmine stayed as busy as Sheela and me. Each night we brought in the dull axes from a day of cutting, and she would spend her evening sharpening the blades. We found rocks of the correct shape, so she could make new axe blades to replace any that broke. Every few days we went back to the lake to collect clay for her so she could make more of the specialized water jugs. To top it all off, she’d rip leaves and wrap cord whenever we ran low out on the construction site.

Sheela and I did most of our backbreaking labor in the afternoons. I’d worked out a loose plan to do the job in three phases. Phase one was chopping down sixty trees and then dragging each of them to the job site near the giant sequoia. I had figured each wall would need about 20 six-inch-wide logs stacked on top of each other in order to make a ten-foot tall barricade. It took us about four days to chop and drag them all.

Phase two was stripping the branches off each of the fallen trees so we’d have somewhat straight logs for the walls. It was easier on the hands but there were so many branches that it took another three days of mind-numbing work to get them prepared. We tossed all the trimmed-off wood in a huge pile behind our home sequoia tree, which gave us an appreciation of how much cutting we’d done.

The final phase of the fort entailed stacking all the logs on top of each other and joining them together with our homemade cord. I’d planned to have the walls about ten feet high so that large predators couldn’t hop over them, but we had to stop at seven feet because it became too hard to lift the heavy logs any higher.

We built it to be a lot like a big log cabin without a full roof. Trel was absolutely correct about laying the logs one on top of the next so we kept the digging and hammering of poles to a minimum. We did have to drive in a few smaller support posts on each side of our walls, but her way was much easier than trying to stick all the larger logs into the ground. I tried to compliment her for the design each day, but her replies often included heavier than usual amounts of insults. Now that it was nearly done, I planned to thank her at least one more time.

“We can move in tomorrow,” I said to Sheela while she rested near the corner of the seven-foot wall.

“Have you decided how to attach the fort to the big tree?” Sheela replied.

We used the sequoia as one of our four walls, but there was no way to join the other two walls directly to the thick bark of the giant tree. I had an idea to tie a rope to each side of the fort and then loop it all the way around the base of the trunk as a support. However, it took me thirty paces to walk around the whole thing, meaning we needed over one hundred feet of very strong rope. It would have taken us days to make one long enough.

“We’ll tie each wall to the roots,” I said. “We can do that after we move in. We’ll dig the holes together.” I came up with several other ideas for bracing the walls against the redwood, including some rather crazy ones like carving out stone nails to hold it all together. But after thinking about it for a few days, I realized I didn’t have to tie a rope all the way around the trunk, I only needed to tie around a couple of strong roots. I dug a test hole and discovered the tree’s roots were just below the surface.

“I admit I am glad we do not have to make all that rope,” the sexy feline woman said in her steady voice. “However, we are going to have some hard work digging, so I suppose it all remains in balance.”

“It’s going to be super cool once we have this all done,” I said. “The fort almost looks like it’s a part of the redwood tree, don’t you think?”

“Super cool? It is very hot, Victor.” Sheela looked to the sky as if to check the weather.

“No, in this case I used ‘cool’ to mean something awesome,” I said with laughter. “Our fort looks great. I sure as hell wasn’t suggesting anything on this world is a cool temperature, but I’d love to build us an air conditioning system once we complete the hut part of the fort.”

“Do you think it ever gets cold here?” Sheela replied as she looked over the hot and dusty work site.

“I honestly have no idea,” I answered. “I think dinosaurs lived on Earth in a time when it was much warmer than I’m used to, so maybe the aliens cut and pasted the climate, too. I do know that jungles generally don’t get snow where I come from,” I looked at the big tree next to us, “but the redwoods of California do get snow from time to time. Maybe the aliens can make it snow on us here in the grove, but keep it hot at the jungle lake?” I laughed, though there was no reason to believe they couldn’t.

“We have cold periods on my planet, but it very rarely snows where I live,” Sheela said. “If our lives did not depend on finding plant and animal life to survive, and we had the proper shelter to keep us warm, I think I would enjoy watching peaceful snow in this place.”

“Yeah, I think so too. I’d take almost anything over this oppressive heat.” I wiped my brow with my forearm at the mere mention of being hot and sweaty. The high pines of the towering redwoods provided quite a bit of shade but did little for the humidity.

“Tomorrow we will build the door, anchor it, and then move in?” she asked while pointing to the opening at the corner. Since Trel refused to help, I had to think of how to make a door without massively complicating our simple little fort. If I put it in the middle of one of the twenty-foot long walls like a typical log cabin, we’d have to spend all kinds of time cutting it out. It seemed a lot easier to put the opening on the inside corner of the fort next to the redwood, so there was no cutting involved. All we needed was a bunch of straight pieces of wood to build a door, and I’d already found what I needed on a nearby cedar tree.

“Yep,” I said.

“You took little time to think about it, which is unusual,” she said with a slight smile. “Are you sure?”

Sheela and I had worked closely on the fort since day one, and I’d come to appreciate her dry sense of humor. The cutting, pulling, and stacking was backbreaking labor and left me completely and utterly dead each night, but it was made bearable because she saw the positive in most things and always seemed to nudge my spirits when they were low. I’d been saying “we can move in tomorrow” for a few days now because problems kept delaying the big event.

“Yes, I think tomorrow we will finally, without a doubt, move in,” I declared. “I want to use a bunch of straight cedar branches, so it is extra strong. I saw one of those trees down the hillside, so we’ll just have to cut the branches off.” Sheela and I had been talking about the door ever since we set the wall back a couple of feet from the tree, but there was no point cutting it down until we were ready for it. I’d been saving it kind of as a celebratory final piece of our fort “empire.”

“Your fort looks pathetic, Victor!” Trel said just loud enough to be heard from forty yards away as she stood near the top of the ramp. She loved to pop out of the cave every so often to critique my work.

“I was beginning to think she’d forgotten about me today,” I said in a muffled voice to Sheela. It was already late afternoon and Trel hadn’t said a word since the start of the day, but that was fine because her complaints were getting repetitive and less creative. I was tempted to shout back and ask Trel why her sisters weren’t showing up, but even though she had it coming, it would have been a douchey move to rub it in her face.

“Do not worry about her,” Sheela replied. “I think your fort looks great.”

“Our fort,” I corrected her. I’d been planning for and building the fort almost every waking moment for ten days, but I couldn’t have done it without her and Galmine.

“Hi, guys!” Galmine called from her spot next to Trel. She spent a lot of time at the top of the ramp acting as our lookout and water supplier. Her cheerleader-like support was an extra benefit to having her around, and it was the rock woman’s little way of countering Trel’s negative vibes.

I waved back to her and couldn’t help but smile approvingly.

“All right, Sheela,” I said as I pointed back into the forest. “Let’s go get that door built while there is still time in the day. If we are lucky, we can get it attached tonight, and then we can work on the hut tomorrow and move in before nightfall.”

“I will see it when I believe it,” she said; flubbing one of the phrases she’d heard me say recently.

“Follow me,” I replied as I snagged my axe and spear. Carrying both weapons was now second nature everywhere we went. I still wanted to craft a bow and arrow, but there was no time for new projects until the fort was off our plate. Sheela had also mentioned creating slings, improved rock-tipped spears, crossbows, and something called an atlatl. We couldn’t decide if that last one was a real word or something the translator couldn’t convert from her language, but she described it as a piece of wood you held in your hand to better throw spears.

We walked about a hundred yards along the base of the hill until we reached a patch of green cedars standing together a little up the slope. I guided Sheela to the large cedar tree I’d found earlier, and we stood under the ladder-like branches, so I could point out the correct size I wanted for the door.

“Those branches are all perfectly straight and about as thick as my arm,” I explained while pointing to my targets about ten feet up. “We’ll cut a bunch down and tie them together.”

“I trust you to see pieces of a door up there,” Sheela said in such a way I was unable to tell if that was a joke or her being serious.

“Hold my spear,” I said while handing it to her. I jammed my axe handle inside my belt, so it wouldn’t fall out during my ascent. Then I grabbed the first branch just over my head and pulled myself up. From there I was able to shimmy the rest of the way into the limbs. I was surprised how easy the climb was. Ten days of axe-swinging had given me a little extra muscle to pull off the climb without complaint.

That made me think about my stats. It was fucking weird to think of myself as a character inside a game, but the aliens somehow translated my strength and movement into statistics, so maybe the values changed since I’d discovered them.

I pulled up the Eye-Q and tapped on my name.

Strength: 4

Stamina: 2

Movement: 3

Special Skill: TAME - Level 2.

Hell yeah. Just like going to the gym, the hard work eventually paid off. My strength had gone from a 3 to 4. But I didn’t know what my player character stats meant in real life. I didn’t feel any stronger, but climbing this same tree back on earth would definitely have been harder. Would I have to run a marathon to get my movement stat to go up?

I hung in the tree and paged through the Eye-Q until I remembered my mission.

I pulled out my axe and checked below to see if Sheela was clear of falling debris. I was surprised to see her smiling back up at me.

“What is it? Is my underwear showing?” I called down.

“No, well, it is a little,” she said matter-of-factly. “But I was only noting how your muscles have improved since I first met you. You are no longer as weak as you used to be. I like that.”

“The 4 instantly pays off,” I whispered to myself. I was thankful I wasn’t getting weaker, but I did find it a little embarrassing she’d noticed my unhealthy Strength: 3 condition in the first place. Instead of an active lifestyle back home, I’d excelled at fast food, driving my car to work, driving my truck at work, and then coming home to spend hours a day in my gaming chair. I still had my natural muscle tone from playing soccer in high school, chasing animals around backyards, and doing a little surfing, but I’d come to Dinosaurland looking a bit out of shape.

“What does the number four--” Sheela started to say.

She whipped her head to look at something up the hill. She crouched with her spear in hand and took a few tentative steps forward. I couldn’t see anything beyond the dense canopy of the cedar.

“What is it?” I asked a moment later.

“You have to see this,” Sheela said in an insistent voice. I hopped to the next lowest branch, then I dropped the final six feet with a heavy thump on the ground. I stood up just in time to catch the spear Sheela had tossed to me.

“What’s happening?” I asked a moment before I saw flashes of movement on the hillside above us. “Oh, shit.”

I saw what had her worried.

A handful of small golden dinosaurs ran along the hill about fifty yards above us. They adjusted their directions as if they shared the same brain, which made me think of them as a flock. However, they were generally headed to our left, which would take them right past the cave.

A strange female voice shouted my name from far away.

“Victor! Sheela! Help!” The voice was so unusual it took a second to place it as Trel’s. She was always dramatic and intense, but I’d never heard her say anything at that volume. A reply lodged in my throat while my heart rate soared and my adrenaline spiked.

“Something’s going on back there. We have to help Trel. Run, Sheela!” I took a few half-steps to ensure she would follow and then ran faster when she caught up to me. My heart blasted into the red zone as I sprinted that hundred yards. Sheela got a little ahead of me because she had longer legs and better conditioning.

“Oh, shit!” I said with shock.

Something white ran by my left side like I was standing still. It was about the size of a German Shepard with a meaty three-foot tail. My first impression was it was related to the green raptors I knew from the beach, but this one was smaller and covered in downy white feathers. More importantly, it didn’t stop to eat me.

A few seconds later two other white dino-birds ran by, and I snapped one with my Eye-Q to see what we were dealing with. It flashed a picture of the animal’s outline and displayed the name. It said Identification: Dinosaur, Saurornitholestes Langstoni, female. I knew for sure was that they weren’t the same type as the featherless dinosaurs up on the hill, nor were they the same as the shark-man killers from the beach.

The bird dinosaurs reached the ramp of the cave well ahead of us, but they ran right by it without pausing. The golden dinos up on the hillside also ran past the cave without stopping.

“What the hell is happening here?” I called to Sheela as we both arrived at the rocky area below the entrance of our cave.

“Victor! Help us! A dinosaur is in the bushes by the ramp!” Galmine called from up in the cave. She wasn’t outside, which was good, but I finally saw what made her and Trel scream for help.

A member of a third species of dinosaur thrashed wildly in the head-high bushes and small trees just next to the ramp. He was about the size of a horse and had greasy black feathers, a long neck, and crazy-long claws. It came across as a strange mix of sloth, bird, and a Tyrannosaurus Rex. My Eye-Q tagged him as a male Erlikosaurus. It appeared as if he’d come down the hill from above the cave, lost his footing, and tumbled into the bushes where we now saw him scrambling to get free.

Though Trel and Galmine had gone back into the cave, but the ungainly creature flailed and clawed his way in their direction. He was already about halfway there, and he was bulky enough to crush the wood barrier blocking the cave, so I had to take the initiative.

Before I could do anything, a couple more white-feathered dinosaurs ran past us screeching and whistling like they wanted those ahead to wait up for them. Far into the grove more of the white fast-movers ran after the others.

Something big was going on down at the lake, and it was coming this way.

“We have to stop him from getting into the cave,” I said while breathing heavily. Whatever was going on in the forest, my primary concern was only for the black nightmare at our front door. My pulse quickened at the thought of tangling with something that large, but there were no alternatives.

The black dinosaur used his claws to slice through some remaining bushes and made it back to his feet. When he looked down and saw us, he seemed to lose traction on the rocks and slipped a bit. I couldn’t read his mind, but it was almost as if he was daring us to stop him from going up the hill. He honked an off-key trumpet roar that sounded more like a cow’s than a proper dinosaur.

“I will search for a spot to attack it!” Sheela yelled as she jumped into the bushes on the right side of the creature. I ran a few paces to his far side and got into the undergrowth a moment later.

I had no idea why the sloth dinosaur was so close to our cave. Maybe it stumbled in by accident. Maybe it smelled Galmine and Trel and wanted a snack. Maybe it needed a new place to live. All I knew for certain is that it had to be stopped, so I moved toward it with my spear in hand. I soon realized the tangled bushes and numerous rocks made it very difficult for the dino to climb up the thirty-foot slope.

Sheela grunted just as her spear came rifling out of the bushes and into the creature’s flank. He trumpeted in shock but did not fall over dead as I’d hoped. In fact, I had to hop away from his tail because the crazed beast shifted to keep his injured side away from Sheela. It was a behavior I recognized from animals back home, but this wasn’t some pet. This was a monster that could rip me in half with a flick of its massive claws.

I was presented with a prime opportunity to chuck my spear into the injured side of the beast, but I couldn’t orient the long javelin from inside all the branches. I hovered there for a second before deciding I was already too close to those claws.

“Get out of there, Sheela!” I shouted while letting myself slide a bit off the slope. “I have another idea. I’m going to attack him from above.”

“I will try,” she replied over a constant string of howls from the injured beast.

I waited until I saw her run out of the bushes carrying her axe, and then I scurried onto the ramp about two-thirds of the way to the cave. I didn’t want to lead the thing into our home, but I did need to get a little above the black-feathered creature so I could throw my spear from outside the bushes. He yelped and howled as he crushed branches and kicked rocks during his struggle up the slope. The hill wasn’t very steep, but it narrowed toward the cave, and the bushes made it difficult for such a large dinosaur to climb.

My hands got sweaty holding my spear as the ugly sloth-dinosaur neared. The head itself looked a little like a small T-Rex or possibly a Velociraptor, except the end of his jaw was a funky bird’s beak. The back half of his mouth was full of teeth, but the beak part of the mouth had none.

His eight-inch claws looked plenty deadly.

The safest way to fight him was to stay as far away as possible. Sheela didn’t kill him with her weapon, so I doubted mine would do the job. On the other hand, if I could use my Tame skill before he got up onto the ramp maybe he’d leave without any danger to myself or the others. I could use the spear as a last resort.

I steeled myself to use my Tame skill on him and peered into one of his large black eyes. Tame worked on Jinx by getting close and doing the same thing. I’d missed my opportunity with those trikes, and building the fort left no time for finding new dinosaurs, so I was more than ready to give it another try.

For two seconds the Erlikosaurus seemed frozen in place, and I had the perfect opportunity to commune, or convince, or whatever I did to bend him to my will. During that time, I conveyed the idea I was a friend.

“Sit still,” I ordered in a firm voice. I prayed my Tame skill was working but the Eye-Q refused to confirm my success. The moment of pause broke, and the dino whipped his tail around and scrambled closer to me.

“Halt!” I shouted as I tried to reinforce the verbal command with a mental one. I took a couple of steps back on the ramp to give Tame another second or two, but the only place left to go was inside the cave, and I’d die before I let that happen.

The beast rose up higher and I saw the patch of red blood just under his left wing where he’d somehow broken off Sheela’s spear.

“Stop! Damn you,” I shouted as he tried to swat me with the deadly claws attached to his feathery arms. I had to accept Tame wasn’t working, and that I was in danger of royally screwing the pooch if I let him get up onto the ramp. I had a second to think how great it would have been to defuse the bomb on our doorstep with just words, but I was ready with my backup plan.

It was time to kill a dinosaur.

I lowered my spear and tried to thrust it into the feathery chest looming right in front of me. Despite planting my feet and getting pretty good power, the spear didn’t sink in. Instead, it glanced along his feathers and went under one of his arms. The reaction from the bird-sloth was to clamp down on the wooden pole, and the pressure almost ripped the spear right out of my hands.

Most days it would be impossible for me to tip over any animal weighing as much as this dinosaur, but he was already on slanted terrain and standing on loose rock. The idea was pure insanity, but with the spear entangled in his claws and arms, it gave me a brief opportunity to push the sloth dino right back over the edge.

“Fuck you!” I blurted out.

I pushed the spear sideways into his stomach as hard as I was able and felt the dino begin to tip away. My heart jumped into my mouth when a claw hooked my sleeve and tried to drag me along, so I let go of my weapon and shook my arm free. I stood on tip-toe right at the edge of the ramp and watched as the tar-colored beast slid back into the bushes he had tried so hard to escape. A second later I was able to step on firm ground, jam my heart back down my throat, and consider what to do next.

Sheela had been running to catch up to me and almost reached my spot on the ramp as the dino tumbled away. The look of surprise on her face probably matched my own.

“We have the high ground to kill it,” I said as I ran to the turnstile.

“Galmine, toss out some spears!” I looked inside to confirm she heard me.

“Here you go, Victor!” the rock woman cried out. A few seconds later she tossed spear after spear through the branches of our door as fast as she was able.

Sheela and I soon picked up eight between the two of us, though more were coming out. Galmine was prepping us for a long fight, but I wanted to end this as quickly as possible. Whatever was driving the forest crazy was a bigger threat than this one dinosaur.

“We have enough. You ready?” I asked Sheela.

“I am, now,” she replied.

Together we started down the ramp to see where the sloth creature tumbled. I quickly established that he hadn’t gone very far and was struggling on his side next to and below the ramp. He looked up the hill instead of down, which was kind of funny because he could have easily escaped simply by going into the grove.

It reaffirmed my decision to kill the beast, and we had the perfect position from which to throw our spears.

Sheela yelled and threw hers right into the exposed chest of the Erlikosaurus. It sank deep into the feathers just like her other attack. Using her example, I aimed one of my spears and threw with as much power as I could summon. Mine flew true for ten feet and sank into the prone body.

“Fuck, yeah!” I shouted as I felt the euphoria of combat course through my muscles.

Sheela threw a second spear, and it pierced the dino’s feathers very close to her previous hit. My second throw was a bit off and stabbed the flailing tail instead of the main part of his body. I was miffed at missing his core, but our other shots seemed to be having an effect on the beast. He was noticeably less aggressive, and I watched for a few seconds as he seemed to give up trying to get to his feet.

I threw my last two spears, but they both missed. It was clear the dinosaur was a goner, and my testosterone-fueled battle focus was subsiding like air from a tire.

“Hey Sheela, let’s get more spears,” I said while glancing at the empty space where she’d previously been standing. When I looked up the ramp, I saw her already coming back down with eight more of our weapons.

“You read my mind,” I said when she arrived. “We have to kill him and then get back inside.”

“Aim for his wounds,” she advised.

I tried to maintain my battle intensity as I aimed and struck the beast a few more times. It felt like shooting fish in a barrel, but there was no room for sympathy anymore. I couldn’t think of dinosaurs like lost dogs back in Los Angeles. These ancient reptiles were built to kill and eat meat, and we were the meat. I’d already been too close to those eight-inch claws while I tried to tame him, and I didn’t ever want to do that again. If I had the option to stand on the high ground and pelt him with flying spears, I was going to take it. I needed to protect myself and the women who put their lives in my hands.

I grunted on my next throw just like Sheela always did. It was probably imaginary, but I felt that it gave a little extra oomph as my spear sailed true. In a few short seconds, we’d each thrown two more spears right into the gut of the black-feathered dino-bird. There was no way he was ever getting up.

“I think we’ve killed him,” I said breathlessly after all our exertion.

“Victor, you have done well.”

“Thanks, Sheela.” I smiled at the beautiful blonde woman. “Let’s go check on Galmine and Trel. I want to make sure they are okay.”

“That is a good plan,” Sheela agreed, and we moved back up the ramp to our cave entrance.

I was sure something was driving those birds, but the forest appeared calm now, and we made it back up the ramp without any surprises.

“Let’s get these spears back inside, okay?” I said with a smile as I looked one last time at the dead dino that was lying in our front yard.

“Yes. I will get the others, later,” Sheela agreed with a satisfying hint of heavy breathing as we collected the last few spears Galmine had tossed out. I was still unable to catch my breath after the scrambling and running, and I was glad I wasn’t the only one left breathless by our fight.

Galmine was waiting for us at the open door.

“Oh, Victor. I’m so glad you and Sheela are okay. You were so brave pushing it over the edge like that,” the rock-skinned woman said as she motioned us to come inside.

“Nah, it was nothing. You helped kill it when you got us those spears,” I said with a smile. “I may have pushed it away from the cave, but it took the whole team to kill it.”

“Aww,” Galmine said as she brought her hands up to her chest. The adoration in her eyes was apparent, and I forced myself to look away before I checked her out again.

Sheela and I pulled at the barrier to secure the cave. My lungs continued to demand more air, but I was pleased my breathing was coming back to normal much faster than it did two weeks ago. By the time we had the turnstile in place my breathing was just about back to baseline.

“What’s going on out there?” Galmine said once the gate was closed.

“I don’t know,” I admitted. “All those bird-dinos ran by, but now it seems to have quieted down again. I’m not sure what that means.”

“We were worried sick about you,” the silver-haired woman added.

“Not we. Just her. I had no doubt Sheela would return,” Trel said in a tempered voice. “Though I suppose what you did to protect us was mildly useful.”

“I’m glad to see you, too,” I said with legitimate happiness. The spider-woman stood on her human legs at the far side of the fire, but I couldn’t overlook the fact that she also held a spear in her hand for the first time since I’d known her.

“And thanks for watching out for Galmine, Trel,” I motioned to the spear. “By calling us home, you might have saved her life.” I’d figured out the best way to interact with Trel was to douse her in compliments.

“What? Oh, this?” Trel seemed to notice her spear as if someone had sneaked it into her hand. “I needed this to tend the fire. I am very hot inside this cave today and wanted to adjust the coals from a distance.”

I didn’t point out she was currently standing right next to the hot fire, or that there were no burns on the end of the spear. She and I both knew what she’d done.

After Trel said her piece, I noticed Galmine was still watching me with admiration. She wore the biggest smile I’d ever seen on her, which was saying a lot. Her large green eyes had a curious sparkle and the way she looked at me bordered on feral. Her simulated bathing suit was now just a faint outline, and I got the feeling she was undressing me with those emerald beauties.

“Victor, I have something for you,” Galmine said as she stepped closer to me. Her perfume enveloped me as she put her arms around my neck. As soon as her hands were on the back of my neck, she pulled me down to her face.

“Do tell,” I replied while desperate to sound nonchalant. I knew what she had in mind because we joked about it every night. After that first encounter standing guard at the cave entrance, she made it clear what she wanted from me. However, each night after that we had to push it back in the face of exhaustion, stress, and the business of staying alive. Galmine seemed to thrive on our sexual tension, and though she often teased me during those night shifts, she never took it any further.

“You saved my life,” Galmine said. “You always make me feel safe. You watch over me even though I’m not yours to take care of--”

“That’s not why--” I tried to reply.

“This is the one time when I’m going to tell you what to do, Victor,” she said with a playful grin.

“You are a giver,” the stone woman continued. “I’ve watched you give and give since you got here. The water. The food. The fort. You’ve helped Sheela and me stay alive without asking anything in return. You even refused my advances in those first days, do you remember?” Her lips pursed together as she flashed me a fake pout.

“I do,” I admitted. I’d steered away from all talk of sex so I didn’t distract myself from the more important task of staying alive. However, each time I did that, I paid the price by walking around with a tent in my pants. The flirtatious Galmine loved to call me out on it. I figured it was the cost of doing business with three beautiful women and it was all worth it since it kept them alive.

“Well, I’ve been thinking about this for a while because it is not the way of my people to give themselves to only one person,” Galmine said while getting even closer to my lips. “But after what I just saw you do, I’m done thinking about it. I’m yours, Victor. I’m yours in every way a woman and a man of your world can be together. It’s your reward for all your hard work to keep me alive. Now, I want you to let me take care of you in return.” She looked up at me as if desperate for me to say yes.

I had a confusing burst of emotions, but there was no denying I’d wanted to accept her proposition since that first night at my guard post. I leaned in the last few inches and she met my kiss with a skilled tongue. Her body moved closer to mine, and she pressed her breasts up against my chest while she continued her eager kiss. A moment later my dick rode up against her stomach, and she moaned when she felt it press against her skin.

She roughly pushed me away, but didn’t release me.

“I want you right now, Victor,” she whispered while pointing next to the fire. “Right here.”

There was no denying I wanted her, too. God, I’d wanted to fuck each of these three women since the moment I’d arrived. Before that, I’d wanted to fuck Lacey and every girl at her pool party. Sheela said I’d tamed myself here, but my restraint was at the breaking point.

“We can’t, Galmine. God knows I want to, but the dinosaurs outside--

“There will always be dinosaurs outside,” she interrupted me. “They can wait an hour or two.” She flashed me a playful wink.

“Trel and Sheela are standing right here,” I said as I gestured to the other two women. It felt all sorts of weird to have the others in the cave while Galmine talked about becoming my lover.

“They can watch--” Galmine started to say.

“Disgusting!” Trel cried out. “I don’t want to see that. You will not engage in such animal behavior in this cave.”

“Perhaps you can use the alcove?” Sheela suggested as she pointed to Trel’s room. “I can wait outside.”

“May we have privacy behind your curtain, dear Trel?” Galmine said in a courteous but urgent voice.

“And sully my living space? Absolutely not! I forbid it!” Trel forcefully stated with her own brand of tenacity.

I chuckled at the whole thing. I would love nothing more than to “sully” her quarters after how she’d treated me all this time, but even my rock-hard boner wouldn’t allow me to be a dick to her. I searched the cave for an alternative even though I knew privacy was impossible.

Sheela was near the barrier and it looked like she was preparing to leave, but seeing the feline warrior made me rethink that dumb idea with my leader’s brain. I really needed to focus on the task at hand. I did want to have sex with Galmine, but it was going to have to wait until I was done with our new fort, or we had some privacy.

Galmine turned my head so I faced her again.

“Just take me, Victor,” she said in a sultry beg of a voice. “We are all adults here. I need to be yours. I want to be yours. I don’t care if our friends watch. They can even participate if they want to.”

“Uhh, no, and ewww,” Trel said, but I noticed that the spider-woman hadn’t stepped away from us.

I had to fight the primal urge.

As a leader with strange shit going down outside our cave, I knew having sex right now was just fucking wrong. As a twenty-one-year-old male with almost two weeks of time served in the company of smoking hot babes, I was--

My indecision was interrupted as the Eye-Q flashed an update. I smiled at Galmine and pulled her face against my neck, so I could take a moment to read it. The Assets tab flashed on the main screen. When I clicked in, I saw some new information.

Structures: 0

Creatures: 1

Women: 1

The “1” after Women was flashing, so I touched it and navigated to the next screen. It was a simple text message which said: Woman added: Galmine.

I smiled at the implications of it and gently pushed the silver-haired woman off my chest, so I could look in her eyes again. I was going to mention the computer, but when I saw those hungry green orbs and wet lips, I lost the ability to speak and instead pulled her in for another kiss. I fell into the moment and savored Galmine’s sweet-tasting mouth to the point I lost track of how long we were standing there.

“Victor,” Sheela finally called to get my attention.

I opened my eyes and stopped kissing the warm granite-woman. Galmine smiled but didn’t try to stop me, and I admired her for an extra second because she was so beautiful.

I noticed Jinx running in circles back by his woodpile, and I got the sense he was also attempting to get my attention.

“Victor, there is something out there,” Sheela added before I could reply to her first attempt.

“Hang on,” I said while scraping myself from Galmine and walking the few steps to the front entrance. “What do you see?”

“Not see, hear,” Sheela relayed while appearing to strain as she listened. “There is something big coming this way.”

I didn’t hear or see anything outside until one of the white birds ran through the grove on the far side of the fort.

“Is that what you heard?” I pointed at the distant bird.

“No,” Sheela said a little dramatically, “it is still approaching.”

“I feel it,” Trel remarked in a quiet voice. “She’s right. Something’s coming. The ground is vibrating.”

I couldn’t hear or feel anything unusual, so I was unsure how to plan for it. I didn’t feel very much like a leader, especially because the two women could sense the danger, but I could not. While I was enjoying Galmine’s affection, I wasn’t thinking about dinosaurs, guarding the cave, or building our fort, and as a result, I’d put everyone in danger. Who was I kidding by thinking I could run off with her like a horny teenager?

“I don’t--” I started to say, but I did hear a new sound, and I strained my ears. It was a distant rumble like a freight train passing through the other side of town.

And it was undoubtedly getting louder.

“Look. More animals are fleeing,” Sheela said as she pointed to the grove. Packs of the white birds ran the same way as all those before them. Smaller multi-colored flying birds also flew from tree to tree as if they were searching for one where they’d be safe. A line of five or six more of those golden dinosaurs ran right by the fort, moving to our right like all the rest. I tried to get an ID on those goldens, but the Eye-Q didn’t return any data.

“This isn’t over,” I said with growing dread.

The rumble got louder with each second and everyone but Trel stood at the barrier to watch outside. As we peered between the gaps in the branches, Galmine grabbed my arm and slung it over her shoulder so she could lean against me.

I pulled her tight against me as the noise continued to build.

“It sounds like an avalanche,” I said in an increasingly loud voice, though the idea was insane. The nearest mountain I knew about was the volcano, and that was miles from our cave.

“Or a spaceship,” Trel said as she joined us at the door. “It could be my sisters!” she yelled above the din.

I looked over at Trel and smiled because I hoped she was right. A giant fucking rescue ship with thrusters and shit blowing down trees and catching things on fire would perfectly explain why the birds and small dinos were fleeing.

All four of us stood at the exit while waiting for confirmation of some sort. I’d gotten a little excited at the prospect of rescue even though I’d given up on the idea a long time ago. Trel’s joyous face, combined with that unusual disturbance, gave me hope it was possible to leave this hellish world.

“There!” Sheela shouted as she pointed down into the grove.

I saw it, too, but gave a sideways glance at Trel to watch as her demeanor flip-flopped from happy to sad.

“A stampede!” Sheela added.

A horde of gray-skinned dinosaurs moved together inside a tumbling cloud of dust and debris. Several huge trikes ran at the front of the pack as if using their horns and wide crests as snow plows. The dinos further back were harder to pick out from inside the fast-moving dust cloud. I caught sight of some of those funny-shaped tubular crests, there were also a few Brontosaurus-looking long necks, and dozens of ostrich-like dinos trotted along the fringes.

The roar from clomping feet was deafening, and it shook the ground so much that it felt like we were standing among them. Galmine pushed up against me as we both experienced the rattle of rock under our feet.

One of the white-feathered dinos fell from above the cave, crashed onto our doorstep, and then bounded down the ramp toward the passing stampede. A moment before it reached the other runners, a massive red-scaled predator lunged from the dust cloud and snatched it mid-jump. The white bird fought for a few frantic seconds, but it still ended up crushed by the powerful jaws of the much larger dinosaur.

I leaned on the turnstile and tried to get the clearest line of sight to the new reptilian monster. This time the Eye-Q gave me an answer right away.

“Identification: Dinosaur, Carnotaurus sastrei, male.”

As I celebrated capturing intel from such a long distance, the new dino dropped the bird and seemed to look our way. It was as if a bull mated with a crocodile and then took on the general shape of a two story building with teeth. The rigid scales and bumps on his back were very much like a crocodile. His tiny forearms were a lot like a Rex, but they were so much smaller I almost missed them. Finally, his burnt red scales and two stubby devilish horns reminded me of a bullfighter’s worst nightmare.

It was a fucking huge, angry, and its eyes looked hungry.

Could it see us through the branches and leaves of the barrier? Should I clear everyone from the door, or would that movement get his attention? I stayed frozen while the carnotaurus made up its mind.

As the stampede shuffled along, the trailing plume of dust got larger and closer to the cave opening. The horned dinosaur took a few steps our way just as the arriving tide of debris really started to blow in. I still didn’t allow myself to move, though I almost pissed myself when I saw several other carnotaurus appear in the grove. Most continued to chase the main stampede, giving us the answer to what caused it, but at least one more joined the curious male hanging out below our cave. The dust blew through the door before I could see where they went.

“Holy shit, this is crazy!” I said even though no one could hear me.

Sheela remained near the tree-barrier as sheets of dust blew in her face. Our gate remained closed, but she held her spear as if one of the devil-dinos was about to break through. I watched her for a moment and then launched into a fit of coughing as the dust kept coming.

I guided Galmine away from the door and sat her down at the fire. It was still too noisy to talk, so I smiled to keep her calm. I then got a spear off our weapons rack and stood next to Sheela.

The roar of the stampede finally began to lessen as it moved away. The dust remained thick, though, so there was no way to know what was still outside. At least two of those predators were down there, but I had some hope they got caught up in the dust and moved on.

I stifled my coughing as a carnotaurus howled from very close by.

The roar was loud enough to make our cave shake.

Adrenaline spilled out into my body as Sheela and I both took a step backward. The acoustics of the cave made sound difficult to pin down, and the dust made it even worse, but the dino seemed no farther than the bottom of the ramp.

I glanced at the frightened Galmine and wanted to walk back over and console her, but I saw Trel standing beside the fire with her spear ready, and I turned back to protect the door.

The carnivore roared again, and it practically stole air from my lungs. Another howl responded to it from not far away. I held up two fingers to Sheela, and she responded with a nod, and then we both took a few more steps back so we were next to Trel and Galmine at the fire. The flimsy barrier was great against birds and flappy pterodactyls, but the big meat-seeking carnotaurus could probably pick it apart with ease. The more relevant question was whether the big hunters could fit through our door.

We listened for a couple of minutes as the second predator got closer to its friend. I didn’t think I could summon any additional fear inside me, but when they came together, they howled and barked back and forth like they were talking. I imagined them discussing the best way to storm our cave and pluck us out. One of them ended their food discussion by bellowing for five seconds like it had won the coin toss.

“Oh, fuck,” I whispered while pushing my warrior friend behind me. “Sheela, back up. They’re coming.” If giant carnivores punched through that door, they were going to meet me first.

I clenched my spear in a death grip and pointed it forward. My racing heart stole all the blood from my brain and directed it to my muscles as part of my fight response. I got tunnel vision as I focused completely on the swirl of dust just outside the turnstile. But the dinos didn’t plow through right away, and it took several minutes of tense anticipation before I accepted they weren’t coming at all.

The predators continued to growl and shriek, but I heard the distinct snap of giant teeth, too. That went on for a couple of minutes before everything got silent out there. In the lull, I managed to step a few paces toward the barrier before one of the dinos belted out another of its huge roars. It was no less scary, but I could tell by the echo the dinosaur was no longer right outside our cave.

The sounds of the stampede were much reduced as well. It was once again a distant freight train and heading in the appropriate direction away from us. The stampede’s smoke trail was settling, but it still hadn’t entirely dissipated.

It seemed prudent to wait until the air was clear before doing anything outside the cave. Even if it trashed our workflow for the rest of the day.

“They are leaving,” Sheela said as she stepped next to me again.

I pulled off my hat and ran my fingers through my wet hair to calm my nerves. My heart rate would probably remain on high alert until the day I left this planet, either by spaceship or in a body bag. It didn’t come down at all as I watched the dust outside.

“I thought for sure they saw us. Do you think they’ll come back?” I quietly asked our resident hunter.

“I do not know. Maybe their vision is not that good, or they were looking at something else,” Sheela said thoughtfully.

There was nothing else out there except the dino sloth’s body.

“I bet they saw the dino we already killed and thought it was easy pickin’s,” I said as if processing Sheela’s suggestion.

“It was a hunting party,” Sheela said with clinical detachment. “The carnivores banded together to cause the stampede and take down whatever they could. If the dust had arrived a minute sooner, they might have missed our kill and kept after the main herd. It was bad luck.”

“They have better luck than Victor, that’s for sure,” Trel suggested with sarcasm.

I didn’t have any appropriate comebacks inside me. I was coming off my adrenaline rush, and I steadied my shaking body by leaning against the wall. I kept it low-key by pretending to need to catch my breath, since Trel was the last person I wanted to see me having any weakness.

“Thank you for what you did,” Sheela began in a low voice, “but we can fight better side-by-side.” She was no doubt talking about how I whipped out the chivalry and stepped in front of her when we were waiting for the carno’s to rip through our makeshift gate.

“I’m not sure why I did that,” I said. “I know you fight better than me, but I wanted to take the edge off whatever was going to attack us, so you could keep them safe.” I motioned back to Trel and Galmine. “But I’ll resist it the next time, so we can fight together.”

“We are alive,” the blonde warrior continued. “You fought skillfully against the black-feathered dinosaur. I can see why Galmine feels as she does.” Her strong eyes were unusually soft.

“Thank you. Seriously. You got me out of that tree and beat me back to the cave to help fight off the intruder. The victory belongs to us both.” My body was starting to level out from all the excitement, and I felt exhausted.

Sheela and I stared outside until the dust settled. We could hear the two carnotaurus moving away with their incessant howling; like a pair of self-obsessed teens. A little later, the air quality improved enough that we could see the nearest trees in the redwood grove, including the ground around them.

“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me,” I spat out as my heart tumbled into my stomach.

“No, no, no, nooo,” Sheela added with a long groan. “This took us ten days.”

The fort was toast.

I imagined it had been picked up by a tornado, slammed against the redwood, and then dropped fifty feet away. The tidy square fort should have been on the left side of our sequoia, but it was now a long pile of logs on the right, as if someone wiped an ugly blotch of paint across the forest clearing. A fifty-yard swath of destruction ran left and right through the grove, and it ripped up or beat down anything green on the ground and knocked over many of the smallest trees. The fort was just a small part of all the damage.

Galmine and Trel both joined us at the gate to look at the devastation. The rock-woman gasped when she saw the wreck, but Trel surprised me again by keeping her mouth shut. Instead, she quietly walked away.

I felt the weight of ten full days of labor flushing right down the crapper. We could rebuild it in probably half the time because all the logs were cut and shaped, but damn it was going to be a bitch to do it all again. And then what if another stampede came through?

“I, uh, know this looks bad,” I began in a calm voice, “but if my mom were here, she would remind me to focus on the fact no one got hurt. If Sheela and I had been down there when the place went nuts, we might have been trampled or eaten. So that’s a good thing. We weren’t injured fighting the black-feathered dinosaur, and we got lucky about six different times. So that’s awesome. And those big predators didn’t try to sneak through our door, which I’m calling an epic win.”

I hoped my words didn’t sound hollow. I’d often heard the term “fake it till you make it,” and now I felt like I was living those words. This was really bad, and I had to blink a few times to keep the tears out of my eyes.

“I’ll help in any way I can,” Galmine said with teary eyes and a brave smile. “I was just so looking forward to being out there in our new home.”

“Hey, we’ll be out there in no time. I promise,” I replied with a voice as upbeat as I could make it. “I’ve had a lot of time to plan while building our fort. I’ve thought about all the commands I’ve given to Jinx, and I think now is the time to tame a real dinosaur to help us. Something big like a triceratops or one of those crest-topped guys. That way we can drag more logs, dig bigger holes, and make the fort stronger than the last one. This is a setback, but it just means we have to go big to get it done in time.” I felt a bit more confident as the words came from my mouth. A big dinosaur could really help us build a new fort.

All I had to do was tame one.

“This is but one more challenge from this world,” Sheela said. She sounded down but far from beaten.

“Yeah, see. We lost some stuff, but big deal. As long as we’re alive, things aren’t as bad as they could be.” I didn’t mention that we had less than twenty days before the orange birds were coming to kick us out. “We’ll go get a big dinosaur and use it to help us do big stuff. We’ll rebuild the camp better the second time. I think a trike would work.”

“Why bother?” Trel called from her curtained area. The partition was open, and I turned to see the spider-woman’s back was turned to us.

“We have to do something to try and survive,” I said as I walked toward Trel’s private alcove. I stopped a foot or so from her curtain, and then I took a deep breath before stepping into her room. She didn’t answer, and I moved to stand right behind her.

“Trel?” I whispered as I braced myself for her to turn around and pepper me with insults.

“What?” she whispered back. I didn’t see her face, but she was hugging herself.

“We are going to be okay,” I said. “I’ll go get a big dinosaur, and we’ll move bigger logs. It’s going to be alright.”

“No. No it won’t,” she whispered, and I could see her shoulders shaking a bit.

“Can you turn around?” I asked.

“No,” she hissed. “Go away. Go find your dinosaur. It isn’t going to help. We are going to die here. My sisters aren’t coming for me. You were right. We are stuck here forever. Our only hope was that camp and now it is ruined.”

“Hey, hey, hey.” I reached my hand out cautiously and laid it on her shoulder. I expected her to jump, or spin around and scream at me, but she didn’t move when I touched her. “Can you turn around so we can talk?”

“We are talking right now,” Trel sighed, but then she surprised me by actually turning around. I had to step back a bit so that her spider legs didn’t smack into me, and I took my hand off her shoulder.

Trel looked like she was doing everything she could to keep from bawling. Her face was frozen in a painful frown, and she was blinking her black eyes a dozen times every second.

In that instant, I knew everything I needed to know about the beautiful woman. I knew she had raised a wall to keep us all out, and I knew it was now crumbling down around her.

I reached out to touch her shoulder again, and then I pulled Trel against my chest.

I felt her body stiffen, and she inhaled a sharp breath of surprise.

“What are you doing?” she asked.

“When my parents died, there was no one to hug me. It was all I wanted.” My arms wrapped around her shoulders tighter, and my left hand came up to stroke her hair. She was shorter than me, and her face was pressed into my collarbone.

I halfway expected her to scream, or to call me a stupid male, or to push away from me, or to do something else that would make me regret showing her any affection. But instead, Trel just stood against me for a few moments.

Then she began to cry.

It was a low whine at first, but then she pushed her face into my chest, and I felt her body spasm with each painful sob.

“They aren’t coming,” she gasped between her cries while her clawlike fingers gently kneaded the outside of my shoulders.

I didn’t say anything. I simply held her.

“I’m never going to get home. I’m stuck here forever. Why? Why me? I didn’t want this. I didn’t agree. I don’t want to die. I’m not supposed to be here.” Her spider legs drummed against the floor behind her as if they were throwing a temper tantrum.

I continued to stroke her hair gently.

“We worked so hard on that wall, and then it’s gone. We wasted so much time. How are we going to build another one? You are right. Those orange birds are coming. We are going to die. We’ll build another wall, but they will just tear it down again. I don’t want to die!” Trel actually hugged me tighter and rubbed her face against my chest. Then she started sobbing again.

I wrapped my arms tighter around her slender shoulders and then pressed my cheek against the side of her head.

I felt another set of arms circle us on the right, and I turned my head a bit to see Galmine. The gray-skinned woman smiled at me, and then she pressed herself against Trel and me. Then Sheela was on my left, and her hair wrapped around my neck as she embraced us.

I didn’t know how long the four of us stood there holding each other, but Trel’s sobs eventually stopped. She still didn’t pull her face away from my chest though, and her hands still grabbed me as if I was a life raft and she was in danger of drowning. A few more minutes passed, and I knew that it would be okay to let her go. I needed to let her go. There was too much shit to do if we wanted to live.

I pulled my face away from Trel and turned to Galmine. Her emerald eyes were closed, but she seemed to sense I was looking at her, and she opened them before she gave me a loving smile.

I turned to Sheela and saw that she was already watching me. Her yellow-gold eyes glowed a bit in the firelight, and I took a long breath.

“I’m going to do everything I can to protect the three of you,” I whispered. “If we work together, we’ll get through this.”

“I believe in you, Victor,” Galmine whispered.

“I do as well,” Sheela agreed.

Trel didn’t say anything, but her hands loosened from my shoulders a bit, and she let out a long sigh.

“Let’s go find a dinosaur to help us build a better wall,” I said to Sheela, and the beautiful cat-woman gave me a short nod.





Chapter 12


After Sheela and I had exited the cave and replaced our makeshift tree-barrier, we grabbed our spears and walked down the ramp. I stopped her as soon as we were out of earshot from our two other companions and then gestured to the ruins of the camp.

“A tamed dinosaur can help us fix this in a snap,” I said as we both looked at the mess.

“I agree, but do you think we are going out too soon?” Sheela asked.

It had been an hour since the stampede, and it was one hour more than I wanted to spend waiting. I’d promised to tame a dinosaur, and I was anxious to deliver.

“We’ll never know for sure. All I know is that most of the carnivores ran up there,” I pointed toward the valley to our right, “so we’re going the other way.” I pointed to the left, toward the lake.

“Yes, the predators are likely distracted by the easy prey running with the stampede. We may never have a better opportunity to explore the lake unmolested,” Sheela replied.

“Yeah, I like the way you think,” I said while remembering of all sorts of video games back home. “Hit their home base while they’re distracted.”

I motioned for her to keep going down the ramp.

There should have been a horse-sized dinosaur lying on the rocks next to our walking path, but the body had been taken.

“You were right, Sheela. Those dinosaurs were drawn to this guy. I’m guessing they carried his body back to their lair.” I pointed left to the splotches of blood and blowing feathers in a trail leading away from us. “Probably back toward the lake.”

“Maybe. These carnotaurus dinosaurs, as you call them, are quite different from what chased us from the lake,” Sheela said while she hopped from rock to rock.

“So you don’t think they live there?” I asked.

“I do not know. Perhaps there are other lakes inside the jungle, or multiple predators share the same lake. However, wherever you find herds of herbivores that is where you will also find predators.”

She wasn’t telling me anything I didn’t already know about animal behavior, but it did make me wonder how many other carnivores were in that jungle.

“Why did they take the body? Hungry kids, maybe?” I tried to insert some humor in my voice to cancel out the fear gathering in my stomach.

“It was small enough to drag away,” she answered with a shrug.

I searched what little I could remember of how reptiles cared for their young. I was pretty sure most of them laid eggs and then abandoned them, but some species could take care of their young the way birds did.

“Maybe they took it back to feed their brood,” I said. “It would explain why the two were tag teaming it.” Sheela also saw the two predators working together, so maybe that was common for mated dinosaur pairs.

“If we follow the blood trail, we would shortly know the answer,” my feline friend replied with a smile.

I knew she wasn’t serious by the way she said it. Following a blood trail through a dinosaur-infested forest was probably the shortest path to a grisly death.

While we stood there, orange birds squawked in the trees high above.

“Fuck,” I said while I glared up at the intrusive birds. “A stampede isn’t bad enough. I almost forgot about these assholes.”

“I know you want to go, but perhaps a slight delay is still in order while we ensure they are not coming down,” Sheela said. Her bravery was beyond all doubt, so I read her statement as wanting to ensure our friends in the cave weren’t in danger.

“If we don’t leave now, we may never get another chance,” I insisted. “Our base is well defended from the inside, no matter how much Trel pretends she won’t help. She’s protective of Galmine, and you saw her with that spear.”

“Your logic is sound, Victor,” she said in a supportive way.

Ten minutes later, Sheela and I were trotting on the far side of the trail of destruction caused by the stampede. We intended to use it as breadcrumbs to take us back to its source, which we assumed was our lake.

“It was wise to avoid taming a predator dinosaur,” Sheela said on one of our first halts to listen for bad guys.

“I tried to tame that black-feathered dinosaur, and it didn’t work, so I’d be pretty stupid to try an even bigger and more aggressive dinosaur, next.” I continued speaking in a quiet voice while we watched the forest. “I was able to control Jinx, so he killed the orange bird. I think if I practice enough I will be able to get him to do all kinds of stuff for me, but if I’m going for something bigger, it’s going to be a dino that isn’t going to eat me on sight.”

We walked a little while longer until we stopped at a smallish redwood tree next to the stream. We were in the transition zone between our redwood grove and the jungle, so there was a mix of trees around us. The swath of destruction caused by the stampede had brought us near the lake, but now the trample path broke into smaller trails and became harder to follow. We chose to cross the stream so we could go to the far side of the lake where the beach-going herbivores liked to hang out.

“Looks like we’re going to get wet,” I suggested with a smirk. Of the two of us, she was the one already wearing a bathing suit. I automatically checked for my wallet in my right front pocket but didn’t think it mattered if my six dollars, expired school ID, and “Levels and Lords” video game rewards card got wet.

The stream was deeper here than where we got our water, but it wasn’t flowing very fast. I did a quick scan in each direction to see if we’d be lucky enough to have a log to cross, but the stream was clear.

“At least we will get ‘cool’ as you like to say,” Sheela replied, again messing up my turn of phrase.

“Yeah. We’ll be cool while we’re staying cool,” I admitted.

Sheela tilted her head as if trying to understand.

“Your people have several meanings for some words, do you not? We have very few words like that.” She spoke to me while we huddled in some ferns to check for threats.

“Some have dozens of meanings. You should hear people use the word ‘fuck’ over and over in the same sentence.” I laughed while wondering how the alien’s Eye-Q could ever translate all the subtle differences of that four-letter Pandora’s Box.

“You have said the word several times, and it always seems to mean something has gone wrong. Is that what it is used for?” She didn’t appear to be joking, but it was extra tough to tell because we were also busy searching for predators.

“Mainly, it means ‘have sex,’ but you can use it for pretty much anything. For instance, I could say we’re at this fucking stream keeping a fucking look out for some fucking fuckers who want to fuck us up.” I chuckled at my fake sentence because it sounded exactly like something a couple of my friends would say. It was total nonsense, but I wondered how the translator would handle it.

“Did you understand what I just said?” I asked.

“We are waiting by this stream looking for evil dinosaurs,” she replied by way of interpretation.

“Yes! Somehow you knew what I meant,” I said, but I instantly wondered how it worked. Was it dependent on context? Would she have figured out the same sentence if we were back in the cave instead of by the water? I was naturally inclined to seek the limits of the translation. Given enough time, I was sure I could make a complex sentence using almost nothing but F-bombs.

“Now, we should go,” Sheela said. She wasn’t nearly as interested in converting cuss words to regular speech as I was.

I led her into the waist-deep stream while I held my spear and axe above my head. The pull of the current wanted to suck me downstream and it gave me some legitimate “oh fuck” moments when I almost slipped. As I crossed the deepest part, I ignored the dark shadows swimming around my feet. I had no choice but to fight the current and stride across, and I held my breath the whole way. Fortunately, the stream wasn’t much wider than a two-lane street, so we were back on dry land in a matter of seconds.

“Did you see all those piranhas?” I asked in the steadiest voice I could manage.

Sheela looked into the water, then back to me. I was captivated by her inquisitive eyes in the sunshine, at least until she replied.

“Victor, those were rocks,” she deadpanned.

“Are you sure?” I said with surprise. I knew Sheela would never lie about something so dangerous, but I was convinced they were living animals.

She just shook her head, smiled a bit, and then got down and began to drink from the stream.

“Yeah. Okay. But cats have worse vision than humans,” I said with a playful laugh. I knew she wasn’t a cat, no matter what she looked like, but I was joking with her to bring my stress level out of the red zone.

“What is a cat?” she replied.

“Uhhh… I’ll tell you another time. We have to keep moving.” I got down and raced through some quick gulps of water then hopped back up to get us moving again.

Sheela followed me across a muddy bank, and we hid in some more ferns and bushes to check again for predators. The smaller stampede path continued along the stream on the way to the lake, so that’s where I was looking.

“The beach is not far down the stream,” she said quietly in a back-to-business voice, and I tried to not notice her wet bikini bottom or the water dripping from her toned legs.

“Okay, I think we know some of the stampede came from the lake, and I don’t want to walk us right out in the open,” I said while thinking of the plan on the fly. “Instead, let’s go farther into the woods, turn left at the jungle, and then pop out behind whatever dinosaurs are now gathered at the lake. That will give us a chance to see what’s happening without exposing ourselves to danger.”

“Spoken like a true hunter.”

“I’m learning from the best,” I replied with pride.

We walked for about ten feet when we heard the call of a carnotaurus from far away.

“Oh, shit,” I exhaled in a whisper. My blood pressure was on a roller coaster.

We froze at the sound and tried to figure out its location, but even after waiting a couple of minutes we didn’t hear it again.

“We have to go on,” I insisted. Galmine was right about one thing when she said there would always be dinosaur threats outside. We simply had to make the best of it and hope we could avoid the worst of them.

“I think it came from a long way behind us.” Sheela craned her neck like she was straining to listen to the jungle.

“I don’t doubt you for a second, Sheela, but the real question is which way is it heading?” I looked at the wide variety of trees in the transition zone between the redwood forest and the dense jungle. Most of the trees we'd be able to climb if we needed, but then again, Kelg found out that wasn’t always a place of safety.

“I will listen for it to call out again,” she said in reply.

“Let’s keep moving.” I started walking again but kept my eye out for suitable trees to scale.

Ten minutes later we were on a little rise looking out at the watering hole. From the new vantage point, the lake looked a little like a hand with three fingers. Our fishing cove was the narrow third finger, and the thicker first digit was where I encountered the giant croc. The larger “palm” of the hand was the main body of water just in front of us.

Our overlook was at the edge of a broad, treeless floodplain surrounded by the tall trees of the jungle. It was kind of like the wrist attached to the hand. The opening was about two hundred yards wide and went about that far up into the jungle. It was big enough to give us a great view of this side of the lake.

A handful of dinosaurs lounged on the nearby sandy shore, confirming that at least some of the herbivores were already back at the watering hole. However, I could only see dinosaurs with the long, tubular crests on their heads. There were none of the triceratopses I’d been hoping for.

“Dammit, I wanted those trikes to be here.” After I said it, I realized it didn’t really matter. One dinosaur was as good as the next as long as it didn’t want to eat me. However, ever since I missed taming one in our grove, I pictured a trike as my preferred target.

“Shall we come back later?” Sheela offered.

“No, but I am taking suggestions on which one of those seems most likely to be tamed,” I said with a chuckle to steady my beating heart. I wanted a trike, but it was definitely not the time to be a dinosaur snob. However, the thought of going up to one of those tube-head dinosaurs jacked up my beats per minute. Friendly or not, the beasts were a little larger than elephants, and they could crush me without noticing I was under them.

Other than their size, these dinos defied comparison to modern animals. Their most prominent features were their gently curving head crests. It looked like they had a six-foot loaf of French bread balanced on their head, with most of it poking out behind them. They honked playfully with each other, suggesting the crests were part of their speech system.

I got a good look at their relatively short necks, stubby tails, and gray barrel-like bodies. They sometimes walked on all fours, but mostly used their two larger hind legs to get around. The more I watched, the more I felt they would be perfect for our needs.

“We should avoid taming the very largest, since it is probably the alpha,” Sheela said while studying the herd. “If we can identify him, we should also avoid the females closest to him.”

“Is that because they will be the hardest to tame?” I asked.

“No. If you tame the alpha, the females may follow. If you tame a captive female, the alpha may pursue and try to free her. Of course, I could be completely off.” Sheela didn’t sound like her usual reassured self.

“Are you okay?” I asked her as I reached over and touched her arm.

She looked at me for a moment before she continued.

“I am fine. I reminded myself of home, I suppose. But do not let it distract you. The one you want will be away from those few I have just mentioned.” She pulled out the rope and busied herself with tying it in knots to get it ready to lasso the head of our dinosaur. We’d discussed a general plan of taming our mark, then walking it back to camp using the rope.

I got comfortable as I observed the wild gray beasts. A couple of the biggest dinosaurs pulled at the reedy vegetation on the shore, reinforcing my belief these were herbivores.

I got one of them in my Eye-Q, and the system was able to recognize it instantly. The computer displayed Identification: Dinosaur, Parasaurolophus walkeri, female.

“Parasaur has a nice ring to it,” I said while admiring the beasts spread across the shore in front of us.

But I had to search for one that wasn’t a part of the main group. I tried to use Sheela’s technique for picking out the leader male and his females, but they all looked identical. I finally did see a loner tugging at leaves from a fluffy little tree across the clearing from us.

“Over there. What’s it doing?” I pointed to a parasaurus that was separated from the others. Rather than play at the shore, it rubbed itself on a tree thirty yards away from the others.

“It is smaller than the rest of them,” she answered. “It may not be mature.”

It was hard to get a clear perspective when all the animals were gigantic. The main group of them were maybe twice my height and about thirty feet long from nose to tail. The smaller one was maybe half the height of the others and not nearly as long, and it was still about as bulky as a draft horse.

“That’s the one. I can feel it. We’ll sneak over there, and then I’ll get even closer and look into its eyes.” I gathered my spear, but Sheela grabbed my arm before I could stand.

“Here. The neck rope should now be the size needed to loop over its head.” The feline warrior tossed the rope to me.

“I should warn you, my skills with horse-like creatures are pretty rusty. I rode a couple of times for my animal husbandry classes in community college. Oh, and I guess I’d also count that one day-long horseback adventure with a date from hell.” I couldn’t even remember the name of the girl, but I did remember having a sore ass for days.

“You have the advantage, Victor. My planet has no such beasts of burden.”

I let that sink in as we snuck through the undergrowth at the edge of the floodplain with my healthy-looking companion. Sheela looked like a sexy workout trainer, which made sense if her planet had no modern technology or beasts of burden to carry them around. I’d be a buff-assed mofo, too, if I jogged all over Los Angeles instead of taking my car. As we moved, I realized my health was getting better.

Probably the only benefit to being on this world.

We stayed on the edge of the clearing and used small bushes as cover until we were about twenty feet from the parasaur. The dino never looked at us, so I thought we did a good job sneaking up on it. Sheela held my spear as I got ready to cross the final few yards by myself.

“Wish me luck,” I whispered as my heart began to pound into my ribs like cops kicking down a door.

I had absolutely no idea how to tame a dinosaur as big as the one in front of me. Should I approach it from behind, so I could sneak in close? Do I move in from the side? Would it be best to get its attention right away, so I avoid scaring it? I didn’t even know how close I had to be for my Tame skill to work.

It remained standing while it chomped away at the leafy growth all around us. I decided the safest course of action was to let it know I was there. While walking to where it could see me, I did a quick Eye-Q check and learned this one was another female.

“Hey, girl. I’m a f-friend,” I stuttered. Could this dinosaur smell fear? If so, I’d just given myself away. After taking a deep breath, I tried to wall off all my fright. Being this close to a wild animal was borderline insane, even back on earth.

It took a moment for the dinosaur to notice me. Though she continued to crunch at the leaves hanging from the side of her mouth, she adjusted her crested head to look me over.

“You’ve got some on your chin,” I said to lighten the mood. I’d gotten close enough to see boxy imprints of her teeth in the half-chewed slimy green leaves in her mouth. Her left eye squinted as if making sure I was real. The ring of yellow around the black pupil made the eye appear friendly and inviting, but I didn’t let that fool me. Though I had no reason to think she would do it, her mouth was big enough to bite off my head.

I opened my hands and held them in front of me with the palms out, just like I’d do when meeting a new dog. I hoped the action translated to dinos.

“I would never harm you. I’m here to make you an offer to come back to our camp and do a little work for us. There are four in our group. Actually, we have five if you count Jinx. You two would have lots in common.” With many animals, it wasn’t what you said, but how you said it, and with this one, I tried to remain friendly and casual.

The parasaur continued to imitate a cow chewing on grass.

I had no idea of the mechanics of Tame. I looked into the eye facing me and mentally suggested she accept my offer. It seemed ham-handed, but with animals, simple was always better.

“Will you let me put this loop on you?” I asked in a soft voice.

She kept on chewing with the suggestion of a bored look on her face.

I already had the Eye-Q open, so I tried to “use” the Tame ability if that’s how it operated. I didn’t have to do anything to tame Jinx, but he was a hundred times smaller, and maybe he required less of my concentration.

“I want to tame this dinosaur,” I said as if executing a command to the computer.

The parasaur blew a few pleasant notes through its crest.

“Is that a yes?” I said happily.

I tested the connection again by mentally suggesting she should drop her head. For ten seconds she seemed to mock me by continuing to chew, but then she did lower it.

“Holy shit,” I said with barely contained excitement.

“Can you lie down so we can ride on your back?” I asked. I kept my tone friendly like it was the easiest thing in the world.

She knelt down and then sprawled out in the undergrowth of ferns. I marveled at the details of her head and neck and ran my fingers over the bumpy scales on her side. Her skin was mostly gray up top and on the sides, but it became a light brown underneath. Pieces of dried mud were wedged in various crevices under there. She wasn’t the flashiest dino, but at that moment she was the prettiest I’d ever seen.

“It worked,” I said loud enough for Sheela to hear. I also waved her to come closer to me.

“I’m going to toss this over your head, but it isn’t going to hurt. I promise.” I started by looping the rope over the long crest, then I let it fall over her eyes and around her snout. I’d begun to think this was going to work.

The Eye-Q began to flash, and I eagerly read the Parasaurolophus tamed, notice.

“Fucking A!” I said triumphantly. My loud voice made the parasaur flinch, but I held my hand on her neck, and that seemed to steady her.

“She is tamed?” the cat woman asked.

“I don’t know if she’ll do any tricks for me, but my Eye-Q has put her into my tamed inventory,” I said. “It did the same for Jinx. All we do now is see if she’ll let us walk her.”

We brought the rope on the assumption we’d use it to drag the tamed dino back home, but standing there in front of her I knew that was thinking small. If we were ever going to maximize the potential of this parasaur, I had to think big. This dinosaur looked like she was designed to carry people upon her shoulders, and the rope was already up there, so why not give it a try?

“There now,” I said in a nice, even voice. “Good girl. Me and my friend are just going to climb up onto your shoulders. That’s cool, right?”

“Are you sure?” Sheela interjected with a surprising amount of hesitation in her voice.

“I’ve never been surer in my life. This is what we’re doing. Swing for the fences, right?” I really didn’t know if it was going to work, but I was ready to try.

The dinosaur never stopped chewing, even as Sheela and I got up on her shoulders. The feline woman sat down right behind me and wrapped her arms all the way around my midsection. I patted my hat tighter onto my head to keep it from flying off and then took a deep breath to steady my nerves. When I was ready, I tightened my grip on the neck rope while a firehose of adrenaline flooded my body.

I was about to ride a big ass fucking dinosaur.

“Here we go,” I said to Sheela while doing my best to pretend I was totally calm.

Her grip tightened on me, and I got the feeling she had some misgivings about what we were doing. I did too, but years of training animals in my parents’ clinic taught me the secret was to never display that doubt. Animals became confused when the trainer himself was wishy-washy.

“Up!” I commanded both mentally and out loud.

The parasaur slowly lifted Sheela and I. At first, she used all four of her feet, but then she seemed to lean back on her hind legs, a little like a kangaroo. We didn’t fall backward because my legs were draped over her shoulders.

“Whoa!” I blurted as we nearly slid sideways. Sheela hugged my midsection tighter until we steadied ourselves. She also placed her axe and both spears over her lap, so they sort of acted like tightrope walker’s poles.

The parasaur stood a little more erect, turned its head, and seemed to take stock of us on its back. She and I regarded each other, and I wondered if she would roll over on top of us. Instead, she shifted her orientation, so she was looking at a clump of trees in the nearby jungle. It seemed as if she was ready for orders, and she blew a short toot on her crest.

Despite my appearance of control, my insides were in a spin cycle. We balanced on the back of a multi-ton alien dinosaur, and I was using training techniques from when my biggest worry was having a dog piss on my leg. I had confidence in my ability to keep it together for Sheela and the women, but I’d never felt farther from “being in control” than I did at that moment.

“Victor, this is marvelous,” Sheela whispered. “The others will be so proud of you.”

“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves,” I replied. “I’m not even sure I can move this thing.” To test that theory, I yanked on the rope and used my foot to press into her right side. She turned part-way to the left, but not all the way around.

“Actually, I was wrong. I can turn her,” I laughed. I tried to push with my left foot, and she spun back to the right.

While we practiced those simple commands, the parasaurs in the main group began to get noisy behind us. Their honks didn’t sound quite so playful, and I turned toward them.

Instead of their usual activities near the shore, the group of elephant-sized dinos were clumping together as if gossiping about what I was doing with one of their own.

A deep carnotaurus howl rumbled far away, but when the parasaurs heard it, the already-agitated group seemed to ripple with fear.

“Is it getting closer?” My muscles tensed as I listened, and I noticed the parasaur underneath me was also very tense.

“I cannot say for certain, but it sounded more distant than before,” she said with a touch of relief in her voice.

We both continued to watch the odd behavior of the dinosaurs behind us.

The main group of parasaurs now stood shoulder to shoulder on the flat ground next to the shore. They weren’t just waiting in their normal standing pose but were down on all fours as if they were about to spring forward at us.

“Maybe they kicked this one out,” Sheela whispered. “Or she is sick in some way. That might explain their behavior.”

I didn’t know what to make of it, either, but our parasaur didn’t seem bothered by its friends behind us or the faraway carno. Our ride kept her eyes on the trees a dozen or so yards in front of us. I tried to hide my sweaty palms and creeping fear, but then the animal started quivering like a massage chair under us.

Something bad was going on.

I put myself in her shoes and tried to see the jungle as she would. All the action was behind us, yet she was looking ahead. Why?

I scanned the leaves and trees of the thick rainforest beyond the edge of the open field. I could see maybe fifty yards into the shroud of undergrowth before it became a solid wall of greenery, but I noticed the flinch of a light-colored animal a shitload closer than fifty yards.

“She’s not sick,” I added hastily, as I finally guessed what was happening.

I gently kicked my dinosaur’s right side to get her to turn left, but once she started the turn, I kicked her harder.

“Run!” I ordered her.

She complied immediately, and I hung onto the rope with both hands as she exploded from her standing position. At the same time, a rust-red predator with two badass horns sprang from the trees we’d been facing a few seconds before. Despite its massive size, the carno had used the thick tree cover to creep to within a dozen yards of the stray parasaur.

“Fuck!” I shouted. The carnotaurus gave chase, and I had a second to decide if I wanted to turn right to run along the lakeshore, run straight into the lake, or turn left and guide our ride back toward the protective line of its friends.

I waited until the last second and yanked at the rope while jamming my foot into her right side. Her feet slid on the sandy bank, but she stayed out of the muddy water as she made the sharp left turn.

The horned predator followed at a sprint, but he wasn’t able to turn fast enough, so he skidded on the sand and splashed into the water with a loud growl.

For a moment I thought we were in the clear, but I was disappointed when I glanced backward. My bright idea didn’t do much to slow him down, and the carno was already back on his feet. The beast was soaked and growling like a fiend, but he surged out of the shallows a few seconds later.

I looked ahead and aimed my mount toward the pack of parasaurs. I figured they’d be running away in fear, but the mob tightened up as we approached. It was a pretty good defensive measure, but I didn’t think they would let us into their ranks.

I leaned in and guided her, so we ran along the line of other parasaurs. My mount let out some urgent honks and howls which I read as a raw fear and rejection. Her friends had pretty much betrayed her, and the gentle dino I rode was heartbroken.

The herd whistled loudly and stamped their front feet as the predator neared. Though they sounded pretty mean, they just stood there. It surprised me when the carnotaurus turned away from the line of giant herbivores to chase after us, but I guessed that the large predator was more interested in the lone prey.

Sheela squeezed her arms around my waist as our parasaur hit her stride. We leaned from side to side and squeezed our legs around the dino’s neck to keep from falling off. Sheela also adjusted the spears on her lap as a crude counterbalance, but we were still in danger of falling off if we didn’t slow down.

“We must end this, Victor!” Sheela yelled. “The other beast is faster.”

I felt like we were flying while riding on its back, but as I angled my crested dinosaur to one side, I was able to look behind and confirm Sheela’s words. The carno took massive strides with its long legs, and it had closed much of the gap behind us. It wouldn’t take it long to catch up completely.

We couldn’t outrun the killer; our only option was to fight it.

“Can you jab that thing from up here?” I yelled back. We were both out of our element riding on the back of a dinosaur, so I had no idea if she could throw a spear on the move.

“I will try,” she said in my ear.

“I’m going to get us in position. Put it right through that thing’s heart!”

“I will do my best, Victor,” the warrior woman said again while squeezing me tightly.

I ran the parasaur into some of the thicker parts of the jungle and tried to avoid the numerous tangles of vines. It would be a sad end to my glorious first dinosaur ride if I was knocked off by a plant.

The parasaur turned out to be a fast runner, especially on the uneven surface of the jungle and shoreline. The carnotaurus was much larger, and the deeper we got into the jungle, the more certain I was that we would be caught.

We weaved around trees and ducked under low-hanging branches as I tried to come up with a plan. I had no idea what the parasaur would do to defend itself when it was alone, but I didn’t think it was built for combat. Sheela and I certainly wouldn’t survive hand-to-jaw fighting with the fifteen-foot tall meat eater, so our only chance was to use our weapons.

“Okay, get ready,” I shouted.

I found a set of three trees spaced kind of like a triangle about a hundred feet apart. I guided the parasaur through a hard left around the first tree and prayed she wouldn’t stumble. The devil-dino had gotten close but couldn’t make the turn at the same speed. That gave us a little extra room when we approached the next corner. I waited just long enough to be sure it was going to follow us before making another fast left turn. If he’d been smarter, he may have anticipated the repeat move and cut us off. Instead, he decelerated again to make his turn, which gave us even more of a lead.

At the third tree, I didn’t slow down to ensure he was following. I encouraged the parasaur to sprint through the turn while Sheela and I both leaned way over on our left. Our dinosaur’s toes dug into the soil, and I worried again that we might tip over, but our girl was smart, and she completed the maneuver by leaning herself hard into the turn.

“Here we go!” I yelled.

We soon faced the carnotaurus across the somewhat open clearing between the trees. I felt the parasaurus hesitate for a moment, but I conveyed my confidence at what I was doing. When I prodded her with my feet, she kicked back up to full speed and began chuffing until the wind was strong against my face.

“Kill it, Sheela!”

My feline friend shifted behind me, and I leaned forward to give her a clear view as she prepared to unleash hell on our attacker. Both dinosaurs ran toward each other at high speed, and we were seconds from impact when Sheela let out her trademark grunt.

I nudged the parasaur to the right, so we wouldn’t collide head-on, and Sheela’s spear soared into the path of the carnotaurus.

I had a fraction of a second to watch the spear punch through the carno’s front thigh and come out the back side. I held my breath, lowered my eyes, and prepared to get rammed by the injured predator.

But no impact came.

There was just a howl of anger that caused my ribs to vibrate, and I felt Sheela’s arms wrap around my waist. The carno had stumbled, and we zipped away before it could chomp us.

“Great shot, Sheela. That was amazing, but I don’t think a leg wound will kill it. Should we try it again with my spear?” I ran us toward one of the other turning trees, intending to go back.

“No, Victor. Death is not required in this case. Look back,” she said a bit out of breath.

I turned us, so I could check her work. The carnotaurus was obviously wounded, but it still made an effort to hobble along after us.

“Fuck me. That’s perfect,” I exhaled as the horned dino let out a roar of annoyance.

“I took a calculated risk to disable it with an easy toss into its leg,” she explained in my ear. “A death blow might have been possible, but it drops its front while on the run, and even a severe chest wound might still allow it to chase us. I went for the safer option.”

“You teach me something every day, Sheela. Smart thinking.”

Relief flooded my stomach, and I let the parasaur drop to a trot so she could catch her breath. Her heartbeat thumped madly from somewhere under my legs, but I got the sense she was happy. Then again, that could have been because I was really grateful we were all still alive.

The horned beast howled in pain again as it fell far behind us. Unlike almost every other injured animal I’d ever seen, I had no sympathy for it. We were one parasaur away from being its dinner, and that was closer than I ever wanted to get again.

We rode the heavy-breathing dinosaur along the lake and once again passed the larger group of gossipy parasaurs. The other animals seemed wary because the carno was still howling in the jungle behind us, but our girl seemed to ignore it all.

“You’re with us now, and we’re going to take care of you,” I said softly while stroking the parasaur’s neck. But guilt tugged at my heart for most of the ride back to our cave. If we hadn’t shown up when we did, our loner dino might have retreated back into the herd with no drama at all. Plucking the young girl from the dino herd probably put her in more danger, not less.

I also recognized my herd was definitely tons stronger with her in it, and that’s what mattered to me. I would do almost anything in my power to protect members on my “team” on this fucked up alien world, so maybe I’d just extended her life.

That perspective made me feel a lot better about the whole affair.

The carnotaurus continued to howl as we left the lake. I got concerned others of its kind would come to its aid, so we kept moving toward home along the stampede swath.

“You are one of us, now. So, what are we gonna call you?” I asked, but of course, the dino didn’t answer, and Sheela just shrugged when I turned my head to look back at her.

For the entire ride back, I couldn’t think of an appropriate name. She didn’t seem like a Speedy or a Turner, and I passed on any musical themes, despite the flute-like notes she blew in her crest.

It was only when I saw the cave and imagined Trel and Galmine waiting inside that I came up with the right name for our new friend.

“Welcome home, Hope,” I called to her.





Chapter 13


When Sheela and I got back to the cave, we tied Hope to a tree near the base of the ramp. I was looking forward to one night of celebration to take the edge off all the disasters of the day. Sure, I was going to sharpen axes, make cord, and worry about tomorrow just like every other night, but this time when Galmine got me for the night shift, I was going to make certain I had a little gas left in the tank to greet her.

“Thanks for coming with us, girl,” I said to the female parasaur. “You saved our asses out there.”

She looked at me briefly but could have also just been looking for something to eat. While I patted her on the neck, I noticed Trel watching from the top of the ramp. I leaned up against Hope’s body and acted like I’d come home with a new car.

“Trel, I told you I was going to get a dinosaur and here she is. What do you think?” I called to the spider woman with a cheery voice.

“I thought you’d get a bigger one.” She spoke with her typical sarcasm.

“Are you serious?” I asked, and my shoulders slumped despite my intentions.

“Oh, I’m going to have fun with you, male.” The spider-woman let out a giggle and then spun around to walk back into the cave.

“Why do I feel like I’m walking into a trap with her?” I asked Sheela.

“I do not think we yet know Trel’s true personality,” she replied.

“She eats men,” I said with a laugh, “what more do I need to know?” I momentarily ignored all her contributions to our construction project.

“There is that,” Sheela agreed.

I walked up the ramp with the sexy feline-woman while my mind did loop-the-loops thinking of all the cool shit Hope was going to do. As soon as we reached the middle of the ramp, the parasaur let out a single, hollow note as if she didn’t want us to leave her. I glanced back, intending to reassure her we wouldn’t be gone long, but then I noticed some activity above us.

“Well, fuck,” I said in a hushed voice. “We have another problem.”

“What is it, Victor?” Sheela said as she looked up.

A group of orange and black birds hopped from branch to branch high in the closest of the big redwoods. They weren’t a new threat, but seeing them made me wonder how we were going to take care of the latest member of our growing tribe.

“Besides the orange birds up in the trees, roaming carnos, that missing pterodactyl, and all the other pieces of our daily grind, we have to add pet security to our list.” I pointed to Hope. “We can't leave her out here overnight. Something will come along and kill her, especially if she's tied up.”

Sheela looked at me with concern, then glanced around the almost-dark forest. I expected her to have an answer, especially on matters loosely related to hunting, but she seemed to come up short.

“We’ll have to stay out here and guard her,” I finally said. If Hope was a little smaller, she might have fit into the cave with us, but that wouldn’t leave much room for anyone else. I squinted to see the ruins of our fort out in the growing darkness of the grove and formulated a quick plan of action.

“We’ll have to build a stall or something in our new place, so we can keep her safe. Until then, I think you and I will have to sleep outside with spears at the ready.” Over the past week and a half, we’d had maybe two encounters with dinosaurs in the dark of night. The first happened when those raptors came snooping around, which was pretty fucking scary. The second event was when a huge carnivore ran past the bottom of our ramp as I sat and watched all the fireflies one night. It was so silent I couldn’t be sure what I saw was real, but the next day I found the giant tracks, proving the point that it was never, ever, completely safe in the forest.

“It will be dangerous, but I think it will help to have this beast with us. We will guard her, and she will, in turn, protect us.” Sheela smiled.

“That doesn’t sound so bad,” I admitted. I walked back to Hope and patted her on the side of the neck like I’d done for horses back home. “I told you we’ll take care of you, girl.”

I still didn’t understand the mechanics of Tame, but whenever I spoke, I tried to convey positive thoughts to her. In the short time I’d known the parasaur, I’d ordered her around like I’d been training her my whole life. Even a top-notch AKC show dog couldn’t match the commands I’d been giving Hope so far, and I’d have many new commands when building the fort. But all of that depended on trust between animal and trainer, so I kept up calming thoughts of friendship whenever I was around her.

The orange birds cackled and cawed in the trees high above. They seemed restless as if waiting for their chance to drop in on us, but it was late, and I hoped they were getting ready to roost for the night.

Sheela continued to look up at them while I spoke.

“If we had a bow and arrow, we could pop them when they get to the lower branches.” It was the second time I’d thought of a specific task for arrows, and that probably meant we should divert some resources to make them.

“Agreed,” she replied dryly.

“How fast can you build a bow?” I asked as I thought about the cost to our schedule. Even with Hope here to help us, it was going to take a miracle to get the improved design of the fort done before the birds arrived.

We’d have to start cutting out non-essentials, like sleep.

“We have unlimited trees, all the cord we need for the string, and bird feathers to make the arrows fly straight,” Sheela said as she returned her attention from the birds. “I can work on it during the night.”

“So, a few hours?” I asked.

“Yes. It is not difficult if I have all the materials ready.”

“I’m surprised you haven’t made one already,” I suggested.

“I did have a bow back at my other cave,” the feline warrior started to say, “but I lost it when I had to flee. I have lacked the time to make another because of all my other duties. Also, arrows are perfect for birds but are not effective against large dinosaurs. Spears are quicker to make and are better able to bring down the big creatures.”

“I see,” I said.

“Spears are also better for close combat on this world. If you have to fight a dino in a tight spot, you will not be able to use a bow.” She showed me her weaponless hand. “And if we are staying out here tonight, I need to get a spear to replace the one I threw. I will return in a moment.”

I fought the urge to gulp dramatically due to her warning.

“I’ll hang out here,” I said with a bit of a laugh to take the edge off the worry, “and see if I can think of a place where we can watch over Hope tonight,” It sounded crazy, but I was getting used to doing and saying all kinds of insane shit around Sheela. Riding a dinosaur and fighting a carno were only the latest.

Sheela was gone for a few minutes, and her absence gave me a chance to look around our front yard below the cave. I barely had time to consider our options when someone came walking back. I figured it was Sheela, but spun around when I heard Galmine on the ramp above me.

“Victor, I love the new dinosaur and love, love, love, the name Hope! You are an amazing provider,” she gushed as she hugged me.

“Thank you,” I replied as I melted in her arms. Though the evening was hot, and I was sweating from rescuing Hope, the warmth of her body was an electric blanket I desperately needed to wrap around me. My insta-hard dick rubbed against her stomach, and she ground against me in return.

“You should know, I’m keeping track of all your brave actions.” Galmine whispered in my ear, and her warm breath caused goosebumps to sprint down my neck. “That’s how many times you are going to get rewarded when we finally have time to ourselves.”

I was again faced with an opportunity to fuck the beautiful woman, and even though I was reaching the level of solid granite in my pants, I had to fight off Galmine’s obvious advances. With Hope down below, I had new duties that were more important than pleasure, so I gently pushed her off my chest and peered into her soulful eyes.

“Grrr. I really want to claim your reward, Galmine, but Sheela and I have to get back to Hope. She’s by herself down there.” I hid my disappointment as best I could.

“I know. And trust me, I know exactly how much you want my reward.” She grabbed my crotch gently, and I felt all the blood leave my head. “Though I want to be taken by you, it pleases me to know how much you think of the other women. I bet that makes them desire you, since you treat them with respect.”

I gasped as she released her hand. My man brain was pummeling my leader brain to let nature take its fucking course, but I resisted my urges and tried to respond to her.

“You, uh, think they like me in that way, too?” I scratched my head while I thought it over. Sheela was married, but was Trel interested in me? Were all her insults just covering up her feelings? It seemed like a longshot.

“Only if I believe what they say while you are sleeping,” she replied with a giggle.

“What do they say?” I asked. I knew I had important things to do, but man brain jammed his foot in the door to keep this conversation from ending.

Her brow furrowed as she studied me in the glow of the first fireflies of the night. “You haven’t had sex with me yet, and you are already thinking of being with them. Oh, Victor, nothing would make me happier than if you used your Tame skill on all three of us, but it isn’t for me to say what words they have spoken. I guess it will just have to be a surprise.” Her eyes became flirtatious as she waved goodbye.

I watched her hips sway as she returned to the cave. I almost asked her to come back, but then Hope let out a little toot, and I turned to watch her down below.

I was still trying to calm myself when Sheela returned a moment later. I wondered if she knew what Galmine had just said, or if she could see how flushed I was, but her face remained as stoic as ever. She stood in front of me and showed me her replacement spear.

“Have you found a place where we can watch over her?” Sheela asked.

“I, uh. Yeah.” I was sweating bullets from how fast my heart had been beating around Galmine, but I steadied myself and tried to get serious. “I did have an idea, actually.” I looked around our front yard again and came up with something in seconds. “We can get a few poles from our ruined walls and lay them down below to make a little enclosure up against these rocks. Then, we can camp up here and guard the pen.”

Sheela watched as I pointed to where I wanted to put Hope, but I kept speaking before she had any questions.

“She could break any rope that we make, so the poles are more of a suggestion for her not to run away. Jinx doesn’t split, and I never worry about him, so maybe once they are tamed, they’ll just stay with me.” It was only a guess based on observation, but I thought that made more sense than requiring me to stay awake all the time to keep the animals under my control.

“Yes,” the cat-like woman said, “and if a threat does arrive, we will defend from up here on the high ground.”

It was getting dark in the grove, but only a few fireflies were visible. I waved my hand toward them as I thought of another piece of good luck in my planning.

“The glow of those creatures will allow us to watch for predators,” I declared. “And if those aren’t around, we should have a moon or two.” I realized another potential solution as my mind jumped several steps ahead. “When we have time, we could move our pile of branches and extra wood from next to the sequoia and put it out into the open. Then we could burn it for extra light during an emergency.”

“I will put extra spears where we will keep watch,” she said.

“Let’s get this done,” I commanded.

She and I worked for several hours to get Hope’s pen set up next to the bottom of the ramp. We tried a few fancy ways of doing it, but in the end, we just dragged some logs to outline a corral and then shoved them into the dirt, so they stood up like fence posts.

I wanted to use Hope to move the logs, but we didn’t have enough thick rope to make the tow line, so I asked Galmine to make us more while we were putting the last touches on the pen.

It was probably 2:00 AM when I guided Hope into her enclosure, and we propped up a long, thin pole as a makeshift door. She went in and laid down at the base of the rocks like it was no big deal. The low, red glow of the moon made it difficult to see the logs and sticks we put all around her, and I thought for sure she’d get up and trample over them, but after several minutes I began to think she was going to stay there.

“Good night, Hope,” I said with a tired voice. After feeling her raw power, I knew none of this could happen without her approval, so there was nothing to be done except be polite to her.

The bright red glow of the moon made it easy to walk the ramp and join Sheela at our tiny watch fire right outside the cave.

“I can’t wait to ride with Hope again tomorrow. I’m still stoked about bringing her back here. That was the coolest thing I’ve ever done. You think she’ll stay there?” I felt like I was mainlining Mountain Dew because of the flurry of thoughts percolating in my head and spilling out of my mouth.

“I trust your judgment, Victor,” Sheela answered. “If you think she will stay with us, then I believe that is what she will do.”

“She’ll stay,” I replied with total confidence.

I thought about what Hope would look like in the light of the morning, and I couldn’t help but imagine the feeling of riding on top of her again. It was way more exciting than the best Christmas present I’d ever opened, and I felt a bit giddy, so I laughed with delight.

I enjoyed the fireflies and the smell of the campfire as we sat in shared silence for several minutes, but we both glanced upward when the sky exploded with colors.

“There!” Sheela exclaimed as she jumped to her feet. “Those are the lights I’ve been telling you about. People are arriving on this world.”

The high redwoods made it difficult to see any of the lights, but their bright colors and frosty appearance reminded me of raver’s glow sticks. They began high up in the atmosphere and then shot down to the planet’s surface in one, fast-moving beam. The colors, direction, and frequency all seemed random, but there were dozens of them.

“You weren’t kidding before,” I said as I stood next to her. “If we could find half of those people, we’d have more than enough manpower to build our fort before the birds get here. Hell, we could build two.”

“Do you want to go look for them?” she suggested as if unsure herself. Distant thunder rumbled in the darkness, and the lights winked out one by one while I considered her question.

“Yes,” I answered. “I want to find them, but I don’t think we should risk it right now.” The feline warrior had gone out to find me after a similar light show, and I now appreciated how much danger she’d put herself in to get me. “I can’t spare you to search, and honestly I would want us both to go. Also, if we wandered around and didn’t find anyone, I’d be pretty pissed because our timeline has no room for error. In the morning we have to start work with Hope, and we can’t delay five minutes until those walls are done.”

We watched in silence as a second batch of lights popped up and fizzled out in various parts of the sky. It disturbed me that each of those beams was a person who would be as lost and confused as I was upon arrival.

Then there would be lots of dying when the dinosaurs found them.

I wasn’t sure it was the right decision, but for the moment I could only think of my group of women. Things would have been different if the original fort was still intact, but that stampede really altered our outlook for the future. I had to be more conservative and protective of my time and friends.

Soon enough, all the lights faded away.

I took the first shift watching Hope. I wanted to be ready if she somehow untamed herself, but nothing interesting happened during my watch. Sheela slept by the fire as the fireflies ended their show and the red moon moved across the sky. I searched the horizon for the second moon as an exercise to keep my eyes in motion while I rocked back and forth on my feet.

It struck me that the moons needed names better than “red” and “white,” so I spent some time working the problem. I tried to think of names of moons from our solar system back home, but I only remembered two that were in an old video game. I assumed Phobos and Deimos were the moons of Mars, but only because the video game took place there. My tired mind failed me with better alternatives, so I went ahead and dubbed the red one above me as Deimos.

Phobos was just starting to rise, along with the first hint of dawn, when I finally had to wake up Sheela for her shift. I greeted her and then fell over into the sleep of the dead.

“Wake up, Victor,” Sheela whispered almost as soon as my skull touched down on the ramp.

I felt exhausted when I came to, but it was the same as any other day. I rubbed the sleep from my eyes but became instantly alert when I saw Sheela crouched next to me with a spear in her hand. I thought maybe Hope had escaped, but I still saw her curved crest down below.

“We have visitors,” she said while motioning me to look down the ramp.

Six or seven of the annoying orange and black birds were walking as a group near Hope’s pen. I didn’t think they would even register as a nuisance to the parasaur, but their very presence was a threat to the rest of us.

“They just came down from their high branches,” the warrior woman declared. “I knew you would want to be wakened.”

“We better chase these fuckers away, or we’re going to have even more to deal with,” I said. It made my heart skip a beat to suggest fighting them, but we couldn’t let them wander into the cave, and I also didn’t want them bothering my new pet dinosaur.

The branches of the barricade were still shoved into the cave door, so I knew the two other women were safe. My other concern was Hope, but the parasaur was on her feet nipping at some of the green bushes on the hillside and seemed oblivious to the birds.

“You’ve fought these before. What’s the best way to do this?” I asked as we paused at the bottom of the ramp.

She eyed the birds for ten seconds before seeming to make up her mind.

“There are only six of them,” the feline woman said. “We should be able to attack and chase them off, but as their numbers swell they will stop running from us.”

“Well, then we should kill every one of them,” I replied.

“We can try, but they are very fast.” She tossed her spear from her left hand to her right, then turned to me. “Tell me when,” she added with a small smile.

“Go!” I said with excitement.

We both sprang into action and ran the twenty-five feet to the first bird, but they scattered like geese and took flight before we could close the distance. Sheela managed to throw her spear and knock one out of the sky, but my throw missed by a few feet.

“Fuck!” I shouted. A second later, I reached down and picked up a rock. I whipped it at another straggler and managed to hit one of the fleeing birds right in the back. The orange bird screamed in pain, and flapped its large black wings in 8x speed, but it still managed to get away.

The birds spiraled upward toward the top of the sequoia and belted out defiant caws that sounded like blue jays. They apparently didn’t see our presence as a deal breaker because they weren’t flying off to a more distant part of Dinosaurland.

“Great throw, Victor,” Sheela said. “I should have done the same by finding a rock.”

“Yeah, you taught me that, but I need to work in some training time with my spear.” I was happy my throws tended to get very close to the target, but I had to get a lot better or my spear’s damage per minute was going to remain at zero.

“We have breakfast,” she said as she pulled her spear out of the dead bird. “I’m going to get this up into the cave.”

“Hey, while you’re up there, please grab two water jugs. I want to take Hope out for her first task of the day.” I waited until Sheela acknowledged she’d heard me, then I went to Hope’s pen and removed the piece of wood blocking her in.

“Good morning to you. Those birds didn’t bother you, did they?” I smiled at my new friend, but she wore no expression I could read. I’d said good morning to thousands of animals back at my parents’ clinic, but this magnificent creature was all mine. “I’m glad to see you didn’t run away.” I kept my voice friendly and upbeat for her.

Hope blew through her nose and created a deep echo in her crest. It reminded me of someone humming, and I imagined that she was glad to see me. Though her tail didn’t wag like a happy puppy, it did sway a little.

I patted her on the neck while she regarded me with her large bumble bee eyes. Then Hope readjusted her head to watch Sheela jog up to us with the water jugs over her shoulders.

“Great. Now, all we have to do is figure out how to stabilize all this on her back while we ride to the waterhole,” I said.

A few giant dragonflies whizzed by while we climbed into the same seating positions we used the day before. Once we were on top, we straddled Hope’s shoulders and held ourselves in place by wrapping our legs around her neck.

“You ready back there?” I asked after Sheela had taken a few moments to reposition her spear and the jugs.

“Yes, Victor,” she answered.

The solution to carry the water was much easier than I’d anticipated. She was able to set the spear across her thighs as she sat behind me, and each of the jugs hung on either end of the wooden pole so they swung to each side of Hope.

The morning air was fresh, and I held the neck rope loosely in my hands as I tried to steady my heart with deep breaths. It was so fucking cool to be sitting on a dinosaur. Especially with a beautiful babe sitting behind me.

“Let’s roll out,” I said, and Hope sprang from her pen.

We went right up to a steady run, and I heard Sheela gasp. I laughed out loud as the wind threatened to steal my hat, and Sheela added to my joy when she tightened her arms around my waist. For a few luxurious moments, I celebrated the fact I was in command of such a powerful beast while I had a sexy woman gripping my body.

I figured out I only needed to tap my boot lightly on either side of Hope’s neck to guide her. It was more like she knew where I wanted to go before I even touched her, and we flew around redwoods and across fern patches with what I sensed was mutual glee. I was almost disappointed we had to stop at the stream a couple of minutes later.

“This is awesome!” I shouted as I slowed Hope to a stop.

Sheela jumped off the dino and went right to the water’s edge, so she could submerge the two jugs. I remained on Hope’s shoulders to keep watch like a badass warrior on his tough-as-nuts steed, but when the massive parasaur dipped her head to take her own drink, I dipped with her.

“Oh, shit!” I cried out.

It felt like I was a car sliding toward an accident on black ice. I clenched my jaw as I fell forward along Hope’s neck, then I tumbled over her head and belly flopped into the shallow stream. It all happened so fast I needed a few moments to process it.

“You’ve got to be kidding me,” is all I could get out as I struggled to my feet.

Sheela splashed over to me but stopped as soon as she saw I was okay.

Hope also made a series of snorts that had to be mimicking a laugh. I spun so I could see her as I sat in the water, but was already laughing a bit myself.

“Did Trel tell you to do that?” I asked the dino between laughs. I didn’t think the spider-woman had any power to talk to animals, but I wouldn’t put it past her to try. Was this what she meant when she said she was going to have fun with me?

“Was it Galmine?” I said with more laughter. “Or Sheela?” I turned suddenly serious while hooking my thumb in the direction of my feline companion.

“It was not me,” Sheela said with a playful defensiveness.

A distant roar ended the moment of humor. It wasn’t a screech I recognized, but that didn’t make me feel any better.

“We should get back. Luckily, we’ll only need a minute, or two.” I was up out of the water in a flash and helped get Sheela and the heavy water jugs situated.

She again set the spear on her thighs while she sat behind me, and I guided Hope away from the water as Sheela clung to my wet body.

A few minutes later, we were back at camp and smiling. Sheela and I dismounted like we’d practiced it many times already, and I let out another laugh.

“Wow. Hope is already paying off,” I said with excitement. “She could save us hours a week of walking back and forth to the creek, Sheela.”

“I will tell the others when I go up there,” she replied. “This is excellent for us all.”

I stuck with Hope while Sheela carried the water up to the cave. I was swamped with plans and tasks and running clocks, but I still had time to admire her sexy bare back, shoulders, and ass when she walked away from me.

“You made me look like a fucking rock star yesterday,” I whispered to Hope as I petted her flank, “but you’re literally making me into a wet blanket today. What gives? I’d bet my last soggy dollar you know what you were doing.” I then laughed at how silly it sounded.

I took off my wet uniform shirt and my white undershirt, so I could toss them on a tree branch to dry. I worried about my farmer’s tan and lack of heroic physique, but when I looked down, I wasn’t completely embarrassed. I was far from having washboard abs and ripped pecs, but I wasn’t a weakling, either. Some muscles were starting to appear on my shoulders, and I could actually see the vein on each of my biceps. I decided the rating of 4 for my strength was definitely earned.

I didn’t flinch when Sheela came out with a shitload of rope slung over her shoulders, but I did expect her to make some kind of comment about being shirtless.

“This is a harness devised by the team inside the cave.” She said as she handed me the rope. “So we can drag logs behind Hope.”

“Team?” I replied.

Sheela looked at my chest for a moment, then came back to my eyes.

“You would have to inquire inside as to who helped make it,” the blonde woman replied. “Someone asked me not to say.”

“Oh, Trel,” I said with a chuckle.

“You did not hear it from me.” Sheela smiled as I took the rope.

“Then let’s get started by testing Hope on one of the logs tossed from our old fort by the stampede,” I replied. The well-crafted rope was thicker and stronger because three separate ropes were elegantly braided together. It was obviously Trel’s handiwork, and I knew I’d probably never hear the end of how easy it was for her to create.

Getting the harness hooked up on Hope took about a half an hour. The main loop went around her neck above her shoulders right where we sat. Another loop went around her broad mid-section and linked to the front loop with a horizontal rope on each side. Two pull lines hooked onto that second loop, went under her tail, and joined together at the log about forty feet behind her. Once she was connected to the load, Hope seemed anxious to start dragging.

“Here goes nothing,” I said as I tapped her neck with my foot. The parasaur’s bulky body made it hard to look over my shoulder and see the log behind us, so I had to depend on Sheela to guide me. I ordered Hope to drag it over to the empty space where we’d built the original fort, and soon enough I heard Sheela yell for us to stop.

The concept worked. We’d used a dinosaur to tow a heavy log across the camp.

“That’s it, girl,” I chuckled. “I doubt you even knew you were pulling something.”

I hopped off Hope, ran over to Sheela, and gave her a big hug. The blonde woman’s chest mashed against my shirtless body for a moment, and I had just enough time to feel her rock-hard nipples rub against me. She squeezed my upper arms for a second, glanced again at my chest, and then flashed a warm smile before letting me go.

“We did it!” I said after the awkwardness had passed.

“I am so happy this is going to work, Victor,” the feline woman said in a businesslike voice. “Your skill is incredible and will undoubtedly improve our lives. Thank you for celebrating with this embrace, but I should not have rubbed your body. We must remember I am married.”

Fuck. Why did she have to remind me all the time? I never forgot for a second that my personal trainer sex goddess of a feline warrior was off limits for me. When I caught glimpses of her side boob or the sweat glistening on her abs, I instantly remembered she was married. When she displayed her rockin’ physique as she chopped trees or tossed spears, I remembered she was married. Even watching her walk was a reminder. Pretty much everything she did tempted me to notice, yet here she was once again telling me the most obvious thing in the world.

Hot. Married. Sexy. Married. It was a vicious cycle.

“No. It’s cool,” I said as I tried to hide my disappointment. “I’m just happy you and I have another victory. It feels good. Now we have to try to take this to the next level.”

I had her grab as many axes as she could carry from inside the cave and then meet me next to a medium-sized tree about twice as wide as the ones from the old fort. If we were going to up our game and build a wall that could withstand a stampede, we needed to cut and haul bigger logs. The first step to our new process was cutting down a sample tree, and when everything was set, I showed her what we were going to do.

“We’ll each cut away at this tree at the same time,” I said while pointing, “so we can knock it down as fast as possible. I don’t know how many axes it's going to take, but that’s why I had you bring so many.” I counted six, which was just about all we’d made over the past week.

“I understand, Victor,” she said with a grim smile. “We must be prepared to jump out of the way when it falls.”

“That’s the plan,” I replied.

We began chopping while standing on opposite sides of the tree, and we each tried to hit the same notch. I’d gotten pretty good at cutting trees over the past ten days and knew how to get them to fall where I wanted. But even with two axes, it took about thirty minutes to get the tree to crack at the base and then tip over.

“Timber!” I shouted as we stepped out of the path of the falling redwood.

The fifty-footer crashed to the forest floor with a rumble, and I gripped my axe to await trouble. We’d been dropping trees for almost two weeks without attracting attention, but this one seemed extra loud. Sheela saw what I was doing and immediately crouched in her fighting stance with her axe, but after a short period of silence, I finally told her why I was skittish.

“Since the stampede, we’ve had a run of good luck. I feel like something bad is coming.”

“You must make your own luck. Do not let this world dictate it to you.” Positive reinforcement was like second nature to her.

“Now comes the fun part. We have to cut off the bottom ten feet of this bad boy, so we can stand it on end.” The whole point of cutting a new batch of trees was to ensure they were beefy enough to withstand any attack. The sixty or so six-inch-wide logs in our original pile would be great for parts of the enclosure that dinosaurs couldn’t attack, like the living space inside the fort, but we needed these bigger trees to form the stout outer walls.

“What we really need is a big beaver,” I said. A second later I cracked up laughing at myself.

“What’s so funny?” Sheela said as she rested against the trunk of the felled tree.

“Oh, I just thought it would be super useful to tame an animal that could cut all our trees for us. Back on my world, we have animals with nice fur called beavers. They chew through wood like this and use the downed lumber to make their homes. Can you imagine what we could do if some kind of mega-beaver lived in these parts? I could tame it, ride it, and maybe even pet it.” I chuckled a bit, wondering if I was ever going to outgrow this sort of humor.

“Yes, I would love to have a beaver like that,” Sheela replied. “I would pet it frequently.”

I laughed uncontrollably for a solid minute at what she’d said, and I didn’t care if it was immature or not. She took it in good humor until I caught my breath and had to explain it to her.

“Beaver is another name for the, uh, private area between a woman’s legs,” I said. It didn’t sound nearly as funny when I said it out loud.

“Females on your planet wear animals between their legs? You are a strange species, Victor,” she replied with no sign she understood what she’d just said.

I stifled more laughter because we had to keep on task. I’d begun to suspect there were a lot of word jokes I could play on Sheela, but they wouldn’t be as funny if I had to explain them all.

“I’m sorry, Sheela. We need to ready this wood, so we can get it in the hole,” I added while doing my best to get past my laughing fit.

We began hacking the fallen tree at the halfway point, but it took us twice as long because we had to go all the way through. By the time we finished, my hands were on fire from the pain of chopping.

We’d just gotten the big tree hooked up to Hope when the forest came alive with a disturbing noise that sounded like blue jay screams. I hopped off the parasaur with my axe in hand a moment before the orange birds descended on us from the pine boughs of the redwoods.

Hope seemed mildly curious about the noise, but immediately bent her neck to get at some ferns instead of preparing to fight. Several of the birds swooped through the air twenty feet above us and squawked loudly as if to complain about our presence. In moments there were seven or eight of them flying in wide loops like they were buzzards eying roadkill.

“Shit. There are more of these bastards,” I said to Sheela.

We both stood next to Hope at the edge of our construction site, but the parasaur remained oblivious to the intruders. Her contribution to our defense was blowing her horn in pleasant notes like she wanted us to know she’d found tasty leaves.

I was going to protect her no matter what she was doing, so I stepped up to the side of her neck and put my hand on her scales to ready myself. However, just as I did that, the birds started to retreat back up into the high branches. The distinctive orange and black colors rose until they were almost out of sight.

We all stood there until I was pretty certain the potential attack was over.

“I do not think they like Hope,” Sheela remarked.

“We’ve got to keep building,” I said. “You were absolutely correct. These orange birds aren’t going to give up just because we’re here. Even Hope won’t keep them all away.”

“Once they found my first cave, they came in ever larger waves until they took it from me. Their migratory habits must be the same here.” My feline friend frowned as she continued to watch the trees above.

“And, if you had to guess, how long would you say we have before there are too many birds to fight off?” I asked.

“Our original schedule seems correct, but it is impossible to say with certainty,” she said with unusual lack of detail. “As you said, we should not delay.”

“So, it might be sooner?” I asked in a quiet voice.

Sheela looked at me and nodded her head to answer my question.

“Okay,” I said after a moment of thought, “we can deal with that, but how long do you think it will be before these impatient scout birds get up in our face and want to fight?”

“Much sooner,” she replied.

I took a deep breath to keep my nerves from getting away from me, then I hopped up on Hope’s shoulders. I tapped her neck a few times to get her to stop eating those ferns, but once she got going, it was a snap to drag the big trunk over to the job site. Sheela called out when the tree was in position, so I had a moment of thought while she unhooked the rope. By the time she uncoupled the log, I’d revised our plan for the day.

“Sheela, I want you to make two sets of bows and arrows tonight. If those birds keep coming, we are going to need something to take them out before there are too many. You’ve been right about everything else, so this seems like the smartest course of action,” I said to her as she walked around the side of Hope.

“And what shall we do right now?” she asked while giving my shirtless chest another quick glance.

“Everything else,” I replied with a reassuring laugh. After her strange flirtations, I wondered if I should be extra firm with her. I was conflicted because her words to me said “marriage,” but her erect nipples and sly glances told me a different story. “Actually, I want you to help me and Hope while we try to dig a hole. We need to bury these poles about three feet into the ground so they stand upright.”

“Just tell me what to do,” she said with a coy smile.

That afternoon the two of us worked with Hope to make a ditch. I mentally suggested Hope use her foot to create a furrow in the soil. It took her a few tries to get it right, but I was shocked at how well the link between us conveyed my wishes. I repeated the tapping as she dragged her clawed foot along the same line until it was so deep she couldn’t reach the bottom.

“Great job, Hope!” I exclaimed while patting her on the neck.

Sheela clapped appreciatively for the parasaur as I jumped off and got a first look at the result of our combined efforts.

“Sheela, we have a hole for our poles.” I cracked up laughing at more boyish wit but attributed my humor to my stress and exhaustion.

“Now we must lift the logs vertically and set them in the holes,” Sheela said.

“Yeah,” I replied as I gave her a coy smile.

“How will you do that?” she asked.

“I have a couple of ideas from my high school physics class involving leverage, but first, let’s cut down a few more logs.”

“Very well,” she said as she moved to grab her axes.

“But before that,” I said as I rested my hand on her toned arm. “We have to give each other high fives.”

“High fives?” she asked with confusion.

“Yep,” I said as I held my hand up with my palm facing her. Sheela repeated the movement, and I slapped my hand into hers.

“High five?” she asked with a little less confusion.

“Yep! That’s the cool way to celebrate.”

“I believe there are better ways to celebrate, Victor.” Her feline eyes met mine, and it felt like a dozen butterflies had been released in my stomach.

“What do you mean?” I whispered.

“Let us cut down more trees,” she said, and then she turned from me with her axes and walked back toward the forest.





Chapter 14


After Sheela and I dragged over our first test log, we went back for two more. We cut down the foot-wide trees, lopped off the bottom ten feet of each with our axes, and Hope helped us drag them to the new construction site. The three big logs looked pretty impressive lying next to each other, and I couldn’t wait to have fifty more.

“Looks like we’ll have to get up first thing tomorrow and start cutting again,” I mused as the sun began to set below the tree line. We’d already cut tons of logs for our old fort, and I knew we had close to two weeks of chopping in front of us, but it was going to be too dangerous for us to be out here when night came.

Besides, I’d be swinging axes in my dreams.

“Will we have time to get water, eat our breakfast, and--” Sheela began.

“Yes,” I interrupted her. “I didn’t mean it so literally. We’ll do all our regular stuff, then get back to chopping.” I chuckled at the misunderstanding, which happened a lot between us. While it was true, we had to do more cutting the next day, we always started our mornings by getting water jugs refilled, eating a quick breakfast, and killing snooping orange birds.

“Alright. I trust you to put everything in the correct order,” Sheela replied with an upbeat voice.

“I think tomorrow we should drag over all those poles from the old fort so we have easy access to them,” I said. “We aren’t ready to build the inner hut of our new fort, but it doesn’t hurt to be ready. Then we should sink these puppies into the ground,” I pointed to the three big logs lying nearby, “so we can get some experience maneuvering them into place. We’ll have to get really good at that.”

“It sounds like you have a plan, though I am impressed you do not sound at all tired,” the feline warrior said with a little laugh.

“I think taming Hope has given me a second wind,” I replied with a chuckle. “I didn’t say it at the time, but I was as disappointed as everyone else when the stampede came through. All that pain was wiped away when we were riding on Hope’s back yesterday. Maybe I’m still riding high on that mega dose of adrenaline.”

“You have many amazing qualities, Victor” she replied as her eyes settled on my bare chest again.

“Thanks,” I answered as we walked toward the cave. When Sheela said my name in her sexy accent, I recalled how odd she’d been acting all day. I thought about asking her if something was up, but decided that I didn’t want another reminder that she was married.

“Come on, Hope,” I called out to my pet dinosaur. “This way.”

When Hope heard her name, she stopped chomping on ferns along the hillside and walked toward me obediently. I’d been testing the limits of Tame and figured out I could give her voice commands without having to sit on her back. This was helpful when pulling logs, so I could more easily see where she was putting them, but now it was a handy way to get her to come to me.

“I will never tire of seeing your skill,” Sheela said with a rare touch of awe.

“Controlling dinosaurs is super fucking cool,” I said, using two of my favorite slang words that I knew she understood now.

“It is,” she agreed.

“You ready?” I said to my feline friend after I’d put on my dry undershirt.

She trotted over to Hope like one of those Olympic gymnasts, sprang into the air with outstretched arms, and grabbed onto the parasaur’s neck. With one fluid motion, she pulled herself onto those broad shoulders, swung her leg over the far side, and finished her routine by flashing me a “10.0” smile. The grin seemed almost like a challenge, and I tried not to gawk at where the bikini bottom almost didn’t cover her crotch.

“Nice,” I said aloud as I immediately accepted her dare.

I was no gymnast, but I studied where she’d placed her feet and hands and prayed I could do the same exact thing. I got my run, planned my landing on Hope’s neck, and was a second from jumping when I noticed a problem. Since Sheela was already sitting there, I couldn’t swing my leg over the hump and risk kicking her in the face. I wasn’t going to stop and look stupid, so I could either land on Hope’s neck using my stomach like a little kid or leap and swing my leg right behind her.

I went for it.

I jumped high and grunted as I pulled myself up, swung my leg over Hope’s neck, and finally slammed into the cockpit right behind Sheela.

“Oh, shit,” I said even though I’d been successful. Maybe it was part of my subconscious decision when I ran and jumped, but I’d placed myself right up against the sexy woman’s tattered bikini bottom.

Hope seemed to feed off my anxiety around Sheela, and the dino dipped her head a little. To keep from falling forward, I wrapped my arms around Sheela’s tight stomach.

I wanted to continue holding the beautiful woman, but I worried that it would make her uncomfortable. When I was somewhat confident I wasn’t going to fall off, I unhooked my hands from around her waist, but she pressed them back against her chiseled abs before I could pull away.

It was a full ten seconds before she let me go.

“Victor, I should not have gotten onto Hope first,” Sheela said with an earnest voice. “You are in charge, and you must be in the dominant position.”

“Well, I’d rather be in front if we were going around town, but this is nice while we’re sitting together,” I said as my fingers pressed into her rock-hard abs. The sensation of her tight body against mine was starting to make me breathe heavy. I was sure she was going to notice, so I yanked my hands back and scooted in reverse a few inches, though it was impossible not to rub my inner thighs against her hips.

“It is,” she said in a simple reply.

“Thanks for showing me how to mount her like this,” I said as a way to keep us in safe conversation territory. “That could come in handy.” It would have been far easier to ask Hope to drop her neck to climb aboard, but it was a lot cooler to jump on like I’d just done.

“You are welcome,” she replied. “Now, if you will sit still for a moment, I will fix our positions.”

“Er, sure,” I said.

Sheela surprised me by springing straight up like a cat. She hopped on the balls of her feet so that her ass was right in my face. Then my mind was blown when she did a jumping backflip right over my head, landed just behind me, and then dropped with a firm bump against my backside. There was plenty of room on Hope’s back for Sheela to sit, but I slid up a bit so we were both in the optimal riding position.

“Fuck me,” I blurted out. “I didn’t know you could do that!”

“I have many talents,” she said dryly. “Some of them are useful for survival, while some are merely for fun.”

“Which one was that?” I said with a little too much anticipation. Sheela was beyond beautiful, caring, polite, a hard worker, and probably crazy in bed. It made no sense why some lord would want her as a seventeenth wife; she should have been ranked at the top.

“We shall see,” she whispered into my ear without missing a beat.

My breath caught in my lungs, and I felt my heart slam into my chest like a boxer hitting a heavy bag. I was so smitten with her that it didn’t occur to me I’d forgotten to grab the water jugs from up in the cave. I almost climbed back down and got them myself, but then I remembered her request to be told what to do.

“Sheela, please get the water jugs,” I ordered. “You seem to have forgotten them.”

“Yes, I suppose I did,” she said as she climbed off of Hope’s back. “I will do as you wish.”

Sheela seemed happy enough to follow my orders. I was left to wonder if these women always knew what they were doing, and I really was the clueless male just along for the ride. Despite being in charge of the construction and planning as well as the dinosaur taming, they were in complete control of my heart. Sheela had just sent it skipping across my fluttering stomach without giving me one clue of her intentions.

All I could do was shake my head.

I started to watch her bend over to hang the clay containers onto her spear, but I looked away so I wouldn’t be tempted to gawk at her cleavage when she climbed back up to me.

“We can go now, Victor,” she purred in my ear as soon as she was mounted behind me, and I pushed Hope around toward the stream.

While we rode to the stream for water, I reveled in the sensation of having her hold my midsection. We didn’t speak while we filled the jugs and let Hope drink, but I noticed Sheela watching me out of the corner of her eye. When we returned to the cave, I parked Hope in her enclosure below, and then we settled around the outdoor fire at the top of the ramp.

Galmine had cooked one of the many orange birds we’d been killing lately, but after tearing through the meal, I forced myself to keep talking so that I wouldn’t pass out from exhaustion.

“I see Jinx is comfy,” I said to the gray woman. The little blue bird was nestled inside Galmine’s crossed legs, and she tossed blue berries to him every so often. No matter how tired I was, it warmed my heart to see my little pal.

“He is very comfortable, Victor,” Galmine replied in a suggestive voice. “You should try it sometime.”

“That does look relaxing. I’m sore all over.” Both my arms were blasted from working with the axes on those large trees, and my legs and ass were wrecked from sitting on Hope’s back.

“I also give great massages.” Galmine let out a girlish giggle and rubbed her hands together.

I couldn’t believe my luck and was ready to rip off my shirt for her, but the gray-skinned woman turned her eyes back over my shoulder.

“Trel’s back there, isn’t she?” I asked quietly.

We all turned to watch as Trel walked toward us on her human feet. Her silk dress seemed pasted onto her hourglass shape, and her jaw-dropping cleavage glistened from drops of sweat as if she’d just stepped out of the shower.

“Ah, good. He’s back from doing chores.” The spider-woman gestured to the group with her hand. “I have an announcement, and you all need to pay attention.”

“This ought to be good,” I joked with mild annoyance because she’d just stopped me from getting a Galmine rub down.

“Oh… it is,” Trel said as her lips curved up into a strange smile. The raven-haired woman stood next to me but spoke to the other two. “Ladies, I admit I doubted your initial impressions of Victor as a male of any worth.” The spider-woman gestured to me. “However, after he and I chatted, I have been carefully reviewing his activity on this planet and have now revised my opinion. He no longer bears any resemblance to the inept males of my world. I was impressed with his fortitude in dealing with the destruction of our first fort. His taming of Hope was another moment of significance. Now, the new fort is about to become a reality. After weighing all these factors, I have come to a conclusion.”

All our eyes were on her as we waited for the punch line.

“I have decided to mate with you, Victor,” Trel said as she peered right into my eyes.

“Say what?” I asked as my mouth fell open. I got to my feet so I could see her better, but also so I could take a step away.

“This is where you all applaud,” Trel stated as if to remind us of our duty. She looked at Galmine and Sheela while her eyes narrowed a bit.

“Oh, this is good news!” Galmine said as she clapped her hands together and smiled at me.

“Yes, it is,” Trel said as she shook her inky black hair, raised her nose in the air, and cleared her throat.

“Uhhh,” I said. “Is it really--” I started to say before Trel talked over me.

“Tonight, in my private chambers, you, Victor, may meet me for a night of intense sex so that I may procreate,” Trel went on. “You will be my third suitor, so I am well-versed in male satisfaction. I will take you beyond any sexual fantasy you can imagine. After all, I must extract as much of your seed as possible.” She glanced at me with those dark eyes and licked her lips.

My stomach dropped, and all the blood left my face.

“Trel, are you--” I started to ask, but she interrupted me again.

“Tomorrow, while you bask in the glory of your greatest sexual experience, I will inject my venom into your throat,” Trel said as if it were no big deal. “Your body shall begin its transformation to support our young.”

There was another long pause that was only interrupted by a happy toot from Hope.

“Oh,” Galmine said as she paused mid-clap. “That actually doesn’t sound good.”

“Transformation?” Sheela asked.

“Yes, of course,” Trel answered as she rolled her head back in annoyance. I imagined that she also rolled her eyes, but it was hard to tell because they were pure black. “My brood will need sustenance when they are born. Victor’s corpse will give them the nutrients that they need to grow into adolescents.”

The blood retreated from my dick, and my previously aroused mood was replaced by fear.

I heard every word of Trel’s statement, but my confused mind imagined she was talking about a different Victor. She was going to fuck that other guy, inject poison so her young could eat his body, then she would raise his kids without him. It was so alien that my imagination couldn’t make any sense of it.

“You are not going to kill Victor, Trel,” Sheela said with a long sigh. “Do you not see the problem with that?”

“I admit, it will present some challenges for us after he is gone, but he has shown us the general idea of the fort, and soon we can have an army of my children to help us build it,” Trel explained as she swished her hands from her chest to her legs. “Besides, he will really enjoy the experience. What better way is there for a male to die than during the process of inseminating this perfect body?”

“But--” Sheela began.

“What?” Trel demanded, “This is a high honor for Victor! In record time he has raced from the very bottom of my suitor’s list all the way to the top. It is my way of showing affection for a deserving male.”

“Couldn’t we just have sex without you killing me?” I asked without thinking. I was still in shock, so it took a few seconds for me to realize I’d just asked her to sleep with me.

“What would be the point of that? I need to procreate, and you have proven your bloodline is worthy. I will sing high praises about you to our offspring, so you don’t need to worry about that.” She still spoke as if her request was perfectly reasonable.

“Trel, I love you, but Sheela is right,” Galmine said in an appropriately concerned voice. “You cannot kill Victor, especially since I belong to him. No, that came out wrong. What I mean is, I don’t want you to kill Victor at all. Not ever. Not for any reason.”

“There is plenty of time if you would also like to mate with him,” Trel carried on. “Why don’t you engage in sex now? I can delay for a day and use him tomorrow night once his testicles have renewed his sperm. Sheela, if you’d like--”

“Whoa!” I interrupted, “I’m honored to be on your list, or whatever, but I'm not planning on dying just to have sex with you, Trel.”

“Just to have sex?” Trel asked with a groan of annoyance. “This is lovemaking, not using each other like animals. It would be the most incredible night of your life.”

She always sounded self-assured, but this time she seemed even more confident. I felt the blood go back to where it belonged, and my heart rate picked up its pace due to the nature of the discussion. Even if it was impossible to consider taking her up on her offer, I couldn’t help but feel pretty fucking stoked that she was the second woman in our group who wanted to “make love” to me.

“No,” Sheela and Galmine both responded firmly in unison.

“You cannot sleep with him if you plan to kill him,” Sheela declared.

Trel placed her hands on her hips and stared at me for ten seconds while two of her spider legs clicked with impatience. She seemed to make up her mind as she spun to face Galmine and Sheela across the fire.

“Ugh! Stupid male! Fine. I’ll ask tomorrow.” Trel glared at me once more before she walked away.

I turned to watch her go back into the cave, but before she got too far away, I thought of an appropriate reply.

“I won’t change my mind tomorrow, Trel. Not about the death part, anyway,” I called out in a surprisingly eager voice. Despite the danger she represented, and even after appreciating the alienness of her folded spider legs, I couldn’t stop myself from imagining what it would be like to pull off her thin dress and feel her naked body against mine.

I was still staring at where Trel disappeared into the cave when Galmine nudged me.

“Victor, would you like that massage now?” the green-eyed woman queried in a teasing way.

Sheela coughed to get my attention.

“I brought the materials to build the bows and arrows, as you wanted. Would you like to do those now or later?” The cat-eyed woman appeared anxious to begin.

I looked back and forth at Sheela and Galmine, knowing what was better for our long-term survival.

“Galmine, I have to take a rain check-- I mean delay, on that massage. We really need to craft some bows.” As I said the words, I couldn’t believe I was turning her down again.

“That’s okay,” the gray-skinned woman replied, “I’ll add this to your growing list of sweet things you owe me.”

Before I let myself get distracted by what she was going to do to me, I shuffled myself around the campfire so I could sit next to Sheela. I briefly noticed the emerging fireflies and other bugs down in the grove, but that show could no longer hold my attention while work had to be done.

“I’ve got all this set up,” Sheela motioned to some sticks and untwisted cord she’d placed off to the side of the walkway. “I can trim the bows and string them if you will cut and sharpen these smaller shoots of wood into arrows.” She handed me a bunch of straight branches as well as a pile of orange and black feathers from the numerous birds we’d killed.

“Well, that’s not a bad plan,” I replied as I settled in next to her, “but I want to learn how to make bows, too.”

“I assumed you would,” she said as she pulled a five-foot-long branch from her pile. “This sapling was about as thick around as my grip, but I split it down the middle, so it is round on one side and flat on the other.”

She showed both sides to me, and then gestured to the other half of the split tree lying in her pile. I assumed this was for the second bow and moved to pick it up.

“We need to taper the ends with our blades and add notches so we can attach the bowstring,” Sheela said. “If you agree, I will carve one half to show you how it should look, and then you can do the other end.”

“Works for me,” I replied with enthusiasm. “How about I bang out some arrows while you are doing that first part?” I needed to stay busy and always have two or three tasks going at the same time, so I’d watch her demo, work on the arrows, and keep an eye on Hope.

“Of course,” she answered.

“Galmine, could I get you to twist the bowstrings?” I asked our partner at the fire.

“Yes! I would love to,” the bubbly woman replied with more of her endless enthusiasm.

The arrows were time-consuming but not that complicated. Sheela showed me how to measure and cut so the shafts would be about as long as my arm. Then I got busy scraping the bark down the length with our stone knives, tying feathers on the back for stability, and hardening the sharp point in the fire. I thought I moved pretty fast, but a half-hour later I’d only just started my second one when she was finished with her end of the bow.

“Here you go, Victor.” My bushcraft tutor handed over the weapon as well as the sharp cutting stone.

After watching me scrape and cut the other end of the bow for a few moments, she turned to her own chores and left me to it. I wasn’t close to done after the first half hour, but she already had four arrows completed, so I wiped my brow and dove right back into my job.

When I stopped about fifteen minutes later, she was working with a long piece of cloth-like bark about four feet long and ten inches wide. She noticed me put down the bow, so she began showing me what she was doing.

“You fold this thin bark in half,” Sheela said as she joined the top and bottom together like she was closing a book, “and then you tie around the two ends, so the arrows do not slide out the sides. We will add another rope, so we can sling it over our shoulders.” She held it up to show me what it was going to look like when it was done, and it was obviously an arrow quiver like I’d seen in the movies.

“Damn, how are you moving so fast?” I laughed. It wasn’t a competition, and Sheela had a lifetime of forest experience over me, but there was no excuse for not striving to be the best at these life-saving crafts.

“You are good with your hands, and your technique is competent,” Sheela said dryly, “so it is only a matter of practice and repetition before you will be besting me.” Her voice changed a little in her final words like she was excited, but it could just as easily have been tiredness.

“Here you go,” Galmine said with cheery pride. “It’s one of my best.” The silver-haired woman had been working the whole time quietly, but she wore a radiant smile as she handed over a coil of cord.

“Thank you,” Sheela said to her, “this looks perfect for our bowstring.”

“You are most welcome,” Galmine replied. She popped one of the blue berries in her mouth like it was a reward for finishing the project, but then she gave another to Jinx.

“May I?” Sheela asked when she saw I was done with my work.

“I think I got it.” I handed her the bow, and we both got to our feet.

“It looks good,” she said with a nod. “The wood must have a curve in it when the bowstring is attached. That is the last step. If you hold the shaft, I will tie it off.”

It seemed a lot easier with two people because she could use both hands with the rope. When it was hooked on the bottom and tied around the topmost notch, she smiled and pushed the bow in my direction.

“For you,” Sheela grinned. “I’ll get started on a second one.”

“For us,” I replied as we both held it. “Before you do anything, show me how to make arrows as fast as you do. How many will we need?” I let go of the bow and grabbed the lone arrow I’d made. I figured we’d need a lot, but all my knowledge of these weapons came from video games, and resupplying was often as simple as walking over them with my avatar. Between the two of us, we’d made about five in the last hour.

“We eventually need to have hundreds,” she said as if she were a teacher handing out a boring assignment.

I did mental calculations about how long that would take and knew I had to get a shitload faster at the task.

One more for the endless list of shit I had to do in Dinosaurland.

“You expecting trouble?” I joked.

“Oh, yes. And this time I do not plan on losing my bow,” Sheela whispered to me.

“I know,” I said, hoping to cheer her up. “I’m going to make sure that doesn’t happen.” She did smile a bit, but we both got to work rather than talk further about the looming threat to our lives.

My night had lots of cutting and scraping, and zero massages. I slept for a little while when Sheela took her shift watching Hope. Rest was hard to grab though, so I ended up doing more arrow sharpening because my mind would not shut off.

The next day, I fought off my exhaustion as I rode Hope to the watering hole with Sheela. While on her back, the threats of the forest seemed more distant. I had the strangest sensation that my animal-loving parents were somewhere up above cheering me on. I was pretty sure I could ignore sleeplessness forever as long as Hope was there each morning to remind me how fucking awesome each day was going to be.

I was still riding that high at midday when Sheela and I were ready to set the first of the big logs into the trench we made the day before. We slid the ten-footer around, so it was lined up with the back edge of the hole, and then looked for the best way to get it in.

“I say we just grab it,” I began. “It doesn’t seem that heavy when we’re pushing it around.”

“Perhaps we can use a rope to lift it up?” Sheela suggested.

“Do we need a rope? Let’s just try using our hands.” I’d been thinking about hooking Hope to complex ropes and levers and fulcrums all night, but that all seemed overly complicated for the problem, so I figured we should try the simple solution first.

“I am willing to do as you say,” the blonde woman remarked.

We both grabbed a side of the log near the far end and lifted it up. I was surprised how light the long hunk of tree was, but I wondered if Sheela’s strength was a big part of that. We pushed together over our heads and it sort of balanced on the edge of the hole as we walked it higher and higher into the air. Just before it stood straight up and down, the pole slid into the hole.

“That was a snap!” I shouted as we engaged in another high five. Yesterday I had Hope dig about ten feet of trench as the start to our first wall, and I could imagine how we would drop one log after the other in there.

“It is still unstable,” Sheela replied as she wiggled the log a bit.

“That’s fine,” I replied. “I’ll have Hope fill in the dirt around the base. Then it won’t move.”

“That will create a gap as each log needs to have its own hole,” Sheela pointed out.

“We can use cord to tie each log to its neighbors and we can fill in the front and back parts of the hole, so it can only wiggle side to side. The newer logs will be tied in and soon there will be no movement in any direction.” My mind raced as I realized this was going to be a bit easier than I thought it would be.

“I think it will work,” Sheela said in sudden agreement.

We both shared a moment of accomplishment until we faced an interruption.

“You know you’re doing it wrong,” Trel said, as she walked up like she owned the place, then she leaned on a spear as Sheela often did.

I couldn’t help glancing her way with a look of skepticism.

“That’s correct,” Trel pointed to the log we’d just dropped into the ground, “but pretty much everything else you’re planning to do will be wrong.”

“Okay, what would you do differently?” I asked. I knew the key to Trel was asking her ways to do things better than a dumb male such as myself would do, but her lack of any personal insults suggested that she might be serious about helping this time.

“You are planning on using these giant logs all the way around?” Trel asked as she pushed against the heavy lumber already set in the ground.

“We used six-inch wide logs for the old fort, and the dinos trampled it like it was nothing, so I figured using something twice as large would be enough. You think we should go bigger?” I cringed at the thought of downing bigger trees, but was ready to do what was necessary to make it safe.

“Not if you want to finish before the birds arrive,” Trel said with a smile to show she didn’t mean it as her usual insult. “No, male, I would use these bigger logs only at the corners for added strength, and use smaller logs in between. Or eliminate the corners completely and build in a circle.”

She snapped her black bone-looking fingers as if she’d just thought of something.

“Forget the square,” Trel said with excitement. “You need to make a circle. The fort should be anchored every ten feet by heavy logs, but you can use eight-inch wide logs in between. Because you are building in a circle, it will be much stronger than a flat wall if struck by dinosaurs.”

“Why will a circle be stronger?” I asked. “Aren’t triangles the strongest shapes?”

“Maybe for bridges, or for structures where a single flat side is going to be pushed all together. Look at this.” Trel’s spider legs pushed down into the dirt and her human-shaped body tilted horizontally so she could pick up a bunch of twigs on the ground without getting her dress dirty.

“If you have them in a straight line, what happens when something pushes on one of the logs?” she asked after she pushed some twigs into the dirt so that they looked like a wall.

“Uhhh, I’m not sure?” I didn’t know what she was getting at, and she sighed with a bit of annoyance.

“The log will fall. See?” She pushed one of her claw-like fingers against the stick, and it toppled over.

“But we are digging deep into the dirt. It will take a lot of force to knock it down.” I gestured back to the single log we had already put up.

“Yes, but it can still be pushed over. We will need to put a support beam on the inside at an angle.”

“Okay, so we can--”

“But that will take extra logs, and extra cutting time, or you do a circle. Look and learn, male.” Trel arranged the sticks in the ground again in a tight semi- circle and then she pressed against one of the sticks.

“Huh,” I said after the log didn’t fall down. “Are you pressing as hard?”

“Look closely. Why isn’t it falling?” Trel’s mouth turned into a half smile, and I could see her vampire-looking fangs.

“Oh, shit,” I gasped after I crouched and really studied what was going on. “The sticks are behind the other ones! That’s why they aren’t falling!”

“Of course. I’m a genius. It’s because the circle shape has natural strength. If something pushes on one of the logs, the two placed slightly behind it will provide additional support. Then the ones behind those will take the energy and so on. The whole wall will work together to take weight when something presses against the side. It won’t be perfect, but we only have limited time and logs. So this is the best building method.”

“Damn,” I said. “Thanks.” It was amazing how easily she could see the problems in our design and suggest modifications.

“I’m hot and bored now,” Trel said as she started to walk away. “I will go back inside the cave.”

I turned to Sheela and gave her a “wait-a-sec” gesture, but then I ran to catch up with Trel.

“Please, stop,” I said as nicely as I could.

“What is it?” the regal woman replied as if I’d really bothered her.

“Trel, I thought we made a lot of progress as of late. After our hug and after you, uh, invited me to die for your spawn--” I said before she interrupted me.

“It’s not about the death part,” she snapped before I could continue.

“Uh, before you invited me to a pleasurable night with you,” I corrected myself before going on. “Look, I’m sorry I don’t want to have your kids, but I can’t lie down and die or that will leave Sheela and Galmine without my protection.” I didn’t think I needed to spell it out for her again, but I wasn’t going to take that chance.

“Ugh. You are so selfish.” She crossed her arms and groaned.

“Uhh. I’m selfish?” I asked as I tried to figure out what she was talking about.

“Yes, all you think about is yourself. You don’t think about me, or our beautiful babies.”

“Are you fu-- ugh. Are you serious right now?” I mirrored her movement by crossing my own arms.

“Uhh. Yeah. Cool dude.” When Trel spoke, she gave her words a Southern Californian accent and raised one of her eyebrows.

“We don’t even have babies,” I sighed.

“Because you won’t be a good male and inseminate me! Like I said, so selfish. Am I not beautiful? Do you not wish to climax inside of me? Did you forget about how many males on my planet wanted that privilege? Ugh. You are so dumb. And selfish. And an idiot.”

“I kind of just don’t want to get eaten. Can your like… uhhh brood eat something else when they are born?” I asked, but even as the words left my mouth, I knew I was sliding down a really slippery slope.

“Don’t you want the best for our children?” Trel’s voice was rising now, and I turned my head to see Sheela shrug.

“Look, Trel, can we talk about something else more important for a bit?” I asked.

“There is nothing more important than my offspring, male.”

“Well, I think it’s kind of critical that we live through the next few weeks. Or you won’t have any brood, or babies, or whatever. With me or anyone else. So can we talk about that?” I didn’t even want to get into the discussion of us being able to have children. We were totally different species, so I doubted that she would get pregnant if we had sex.

“Go on,” she said cautiously, and I took a deep breath to steady my nerves. All this talk about fucking her and having babies and then getting eaten by said babies was doing bizarre stuff to my libido.

“Trel, you are an amazing person, and it’s hard for me to say anything about you now that won’t sound like I’m kissing your ass. The truth is I’m flattered by your offer, and though I’m not ready to die to have sex with you, I do find you beautiful.”

“Of course you do,” she snickered. “I am the most beautiful woman you have ever seen.”

“Uhh, my point is: You were in your element back there, and we could all really use your help.”

“Ugh, with the camp?” she asked dryly.

“Yeah. It is very likely that we’ll fail if we don’t get your help. If we fail, we are all going to die.” I hated to put it in such stark terms, but who knew what delays we’d experience while building the next structure.

“Eww, but building is such peasant work. Can I give advice from afar?”

“You can do as much or as little as you want, but just know you are saving our butts on the countdown clock,” I said with relief.

“And you will inseminate me?” she asked with a beautifully raised eyebrow. “I will promise you a night of pleasure that you could never imagine.”

I held her gaze for several seconds, and for a short time, I was balanced between two possible answers to that question. Her amazing breasts were visible under her sheer dress, but I was getting good at ignoring them, at least for short bursts when I needed a clear mind.

“Sorry Trel. I find you beautiful and smart, but I don’t want to die. I want us all to live. That’s why I’m working so hard on these walls. Will you help us?”

Her black orbs searched my eyes for several moments, but then she glanced behind me. The black-haired woman didn’t reply, but seemed to look around at our job site, the old fort, and the woods in general. I noted that her eyes fluttered in a way that suggested she was using her Eye-Q.

“We need a door for your dinosaur,” Trel began as she walked back toward the construction site. “We need to pace out the perimeter of our wall. We can drag the branchy tops of all those discarded trees and form reefs around our fort. They will slow down or deflect running dinosaurs, so they never get close to the enclosure. Of course, I have many other ideas.”

I wasn’t sure what just happened, but I figured I’d said the right thing.

“You cut this by hand?” Trel said when she saw tree number two lying on the ground.

“We cut it at the base, then chopped it at about ten feet,” I said. It bothered me that I might have missed a better way to do it, and I tried to think of alternatives, but I kept coming back to bigger axes or making some sort of giant saw.

Trel studied the tree, and I distinctly noticed her eyes flicker in the Eye-Q again.

“You can save a lot of labor if you lit a fire. Just as you used a flame to burn a hole in your axe, you can use it to break the trunk in two,” Trel suggested.

“Won’t that take a long time?” I asked while thinking of how long it took to burn one little hole in my axe.

“Drop multiple trees. Start multiple fires. Even if it takes all day to burn through the trees, it will still save you energy and improve efficiency in the long run. Ugh, why don’t you know this?” Trel sighed dismissively as if I’d skipped the logging portion of my high school education.

“Won’t the smoke bring in dinosaurs?” I asked as I ignored her last question.

“The smoke may also chase them away,” the black-haired woman suggested.

“Hah, I think that’s a great idea,” I said.

“Of course it is a great idea,” she snickered. “I thought of it, after all.”

“Trel, do you mind if I ask why you have your Eye-Q open?” I continued in my most polite voice.

“Well, once you showed us how you used the interface to identify and interact with your dinosaurs, I left the interface open because more data is always better,” she replied while tapping a long, bony finger against her temple. “I don’t know how it does it, but I’m able to see things in a new way. I have a lot of my genius ideas without the computer, too. This just makes it seem to go faster.”

It was my turn to snap my fingers together.

“Fuck, I bet that’s the key,” I said as I addressed Sheela. “Do you ever turn on the Eye-Q?”

“I have turned it on, but mostly have it off because I do not like the interference in my vision,” Sheela replied.

“Even in combat?” I asked.

“Especially in combat,” she said. “I need to stay focused.”

“Next time you’re in a fight, turn it on,” I suggested. “I think it has to be on for your skill to work properly. I’ve been turning mine on to get ID’s of dinosaurs and to confirm my Tame was working, but it looks like there is more to it. I think it has to be running to first use our special abilities.”

I turned mine back on, and I was never going to turn it off again.

“Trel, what do you see in your interface when you look at where our fort is going to be?” I asked while I pointed to the surrounding ground.

“Nothing,” she replied while looking down. “I just see the forest floor.”

“Okay, what about right here,” I pointed to the lone pole butted up against the bark of the sequoia.

“Nothing, though I’ve had a thought.” The beautiful spider woman rubbed her chin with her chitinous claws as if thinking hard. “To make a swinging dinosaur door, you’ll need two extra tall logs set about five feet apart with large holes drilled through the tops. Get a small, straight tree trunk and hang it across this space by pushing it through those holes. Then you’ll need to build a door by lashing smaller logs together in a rectangle and tie it onto the crossbar. The door will swing back and forth so Hope can pass through in each direction. Then we can place locking posts into the ground to keep it from swinging inward. That way attacking dinosaurs cannot come inside, but we can pull them out of the ground to let Hope in. Simple.”

“And we’ll need a dino lock so no one steals her,” I added as if we were storing a rare car in a garage back home.

“That goes without saying,” Trel said with a light-hearted laugh.

“Trel, thank you. You totally rock.”

“Galmine is the rock-girl.” Trel frowned.

“Uhh. When I say ‘rock’ it means you are great or wonderful,” I explained.

“Of course I am, and beautiful.”

“Yeah, well, thanks again.”

“You’re welcome,” Trel replied as if testing the phrase. Her mouth twisted a bit, and then the sides of her lips lifted.

We finally had Trel onboard.

I spent the rest of the day trying to figure out the limits of Trel's abilities. I had her watch us cut down more trees, tow the logs, dig the holes, and outline the first parts of the wall at the start of our circle shape.

In some cases, she had no suggestions at all. She didn’t see any room for improvement in how we’d tied off the tow line on Hope, though I wondered if that was because she created the rope harness in the first place. Trel didn’t seem happy with Hope’s temporary enclosure but accepted it was the best we could do given our resources. She even complimented me on the tree-barrier-door idea and hinted that she couldn’t have done better herself.

“Hope and I can bring over lots of the treetops we’ve cut off, but where should I put them?” I asked Trel as we took our afternoon break.

We stood on the line I’d drawn in the dirt to represent where we were putting the walls. Hope was in the grove nearby and lifted her head at hearing her name, but put it right back down into some ferns.

Trel seemed to study the forest, and I wondered if her Eye-Q was feeding her suggestions or if she saw what she wanted to build. Whenever I asked for specifics about it, she repeated her earlier claim that it didn’t show anything to her, but often that was when she got an idea as if it was dropped into her thought process. I figured it amplified the skill already in her analytical brain, just like my Tame ability tapped into my lifelong love for animals.

“The most efficient pattern would be to place them in several rings around the fort. Start with a ring about ten yards away, then a second ring about twenty yards out, and a final ring that is anchored by those trees over there.” She pointed to the next of the great redwood giants, which was about fifty yards from our home tree.

“More circles,” I said with a knowing laugh.

“Yes,” she agreed with her own bit of laughter. “You are finally getting it. Each ring will reinforce the others and keep us safe here in the middle.”

“Yeah. Well, as much as I love the idea, those outer circles will have to come last,” I replied. “First, we do the walls and hut, then the fancy defenses.” Once we beat the clock against those damned birds with a basic wall, we’d have the time to go all out with upgrades.

“Of course,” Trel replied in a pleasant voice before adding, “male.”

“Oh, that’s how it’s going to be?” I chuckled.

“Well, you asked for my help, so it’s going to cost you one way or another,” she said with an ominous laugh.

We stood there for a few more seconds in our moment when I felt a tap on my shoulder. Sheela held out the bow and quiver of arrows I’d left on the ground not far away.

“What’s going on?” I said in a quiet voice.

“The birds are on the move,” she said in an equally low tone. “I think they are going to attack.”

The three of us got closer to our home sequoia, and Sheela pointed straight up. The familiar orange and black colors were sprinkled on many branches high above.

“Those things don’t give up, do they?” I growled.

“They never will,” Sheela said with a bit of sadness. “More and more will show up.”

“It’s alright. We got this,” I said while checking for more birds in other trees. As best as I could tell, they were only up in the pine canopy directly above our fort. However, there were more than the eight or so we’d faced the day before. Sheela said they would keep adding to their numbers as part of their scouting process.

“Is Galmine safe?” I whispered while we watched.

“I closed the door when I left,” Trel replied. “She is safe, for now.”

My other concern was Hope, but she remained behind us near the leafy green patch of ferns where she liked to go when I didn’t need her. As expected, she showed no concern at all for the rising war cries of the birds above us, and I channeled her calm to steady my growing nervousness.

“We wanted to test our bows, so I guess we now have the time,” I said in jest. We’d talked about setting up a target range and testing both bows we’d made the previous night, but other projects sapped all our time today.

“Shooting is very easy. Take a deep breath, and use three fingers to pull the string back to the same point on your jaw each time; exhale some of the air in your lungs, and take aim on that pause between your next inhale. That will help you be consistent. Use a nice, steady pull, then a quick release. I bet your aim will come naturally.” Sheela showed me her method for a few seconds and pointed out how to keep the string from striking my wrist.

“I’ll try.” I slung my quiver over my shoulder, pulled out an arrow, and then nocked one against my bowstring.

“I’ll be around the tree in case they come that way,” Trel said as she unfurled her spider legs while clutching her spear. It was fascinating to see her spread them out, and she actually looked pretty fucking badass once all six were on the ground. She tapped her forehead in a little salute and then scurried out of sight behind the bend of the giant tree.

The birds were now fluttering around in the lowest branches, which were still quite a way up the side of the towering redwood, and they all squawked in unison as if they were talking. A few moments later, a couple fell from their perch and were soon followed by all the others.

“Shit, they’re attacking!” I yelled.

The group of twelve or fifteen birds spiraled downward around the trunk of the tree until they were about two-thirds of the way to the ground. They came around one last time and then dove straight down on us.

Sheela shot an arrow as the birds closed the distance, but they were moving so damned fast my first shot was barely aimed when I let it go. We flung ourselves against the tree bark, and the wave of orange veered away from us at the very last second.

“Holy fuck!” I shouted as one of them clawed my hat and knocked it off my head.

An orange blob smashed into the soil with a sickening crunch as if it couldn’t pull out of its dive. Then I realized it met its end before it landed. The last five inches of an arrow stuck out of its beak and the rest was jammed down its throat.

“We got one,” I cried, knowing it was probably Sheela’s shot that took it out.

The flock swooped back up a little but then changed direction again like they were all on a roller coaster. They made one pass over the cave but then turned around and came in for a landing on the open ground between us and the ramp. At first, I thought maybe they’d try to get into the cave, but once they got their feet on the open field, they turned in our direction as if we were their greatest threats.

“I want to kill them all,” I said as we watched the birds hop around and flash their jagged-toothed beaks. Several more orange birds flew in as if they didn’t want to miss the attack, and we soon faced twenty of them.

“We’ll draw them in,” Sheela replied as she held back from firing another shot.

The birds relentlessly shuffled our way while keeping in a pretty tight group. They flapped their wings as if they were a mob of combative old ladies trying to use brooms to sweep us away, but it wasn’t going to work on us.

“Back up, but get ready,” Sheela advised.

I knew better than to argue with my chief military strategist, so I did as she requested. The two of us retreated along the edge of the redwood until we were up against the lone pole we’d sunk in the ground.

“This is perfect,” Sheela said quietly. “They can’t get around us.”

Hope was at our backs, so shooting her by mistake was impossible. I pulled the nocked arrow to my jaw as I held the string of my new bow while waiting for the perfect moment.

It didn’t take long.

“Now!” Sheela shouted.

I let go of the string when the birds were about twenty feet away.

My arrow sunk right into the middle of the nearest orange dino, not the one I was aiming at, but it counts, and Sheela’s arrow tore through the next one over.

“Kill them!” I yelled as a war cry.

A lone bird might have been scared away by my loud voice, but they were fearless in a pack, and my scream just seemed to help them hone their attack on my position. They seemed to stream toward us like an orange tidal wave.

Sheela got her second shot off a moment before mine. I did a lousy job of aiming because my hands were shaking, but her shot sailed true and pegged one of the orange birds in the face.

Sheela fired two arrows for every one of mine, which was a testament to her skill. She stepped several paces to my right, so she could get some shots into the side of the flock, but that gave one of the faster runners an opportunity to get in close to me.

“Holy shit!” I screamed as it charged me with its toothy mouth opened wide. It was too close to use the bow, and I remembered Sheela’s warning about close combat with dinosaurs, so I readied my secondary weapon.

I felt the crunch of bones as I got a solid kick with my steel-toed work boot. The turkey-sized bird slammed against the bark of the tree and fell to the ground ten feet away.

Another of the birds followed behind the one I’d kicked, but it stopped and spread its slick wings as if to show them off. I wasn’t impressed, but because it was only five feet away, I had the perfect opportunity to finally ID the little bastards.

“Got ya!” I said as I focused on my Eye-Q.

Identification: Bird, Pelagornis Cardiffirus, male.

“Fascinating,” I said without emotion, and then I sunk an arrow into the bird. The shot wasn’t anywhere near perfect, and it landed along its flank without piercing its insides. It screamed in pain, and I took two steps so I could kick him in the stork-like face. His neck twisted away with a snap when my steel toed boot hit him, but I didn’t have time for sympathy.

Life and death were now as simple as us versus them.

A couple more birds fell over as Sheela killed them with her arrows, but the crazy fucks still pressed their attack. There were way too many of them, and I felt a surge of terror seize my stomach.

Then a heavy spear fell from above and skewered one of the larger birds in the flock.

“Trel!” I cried out in surprise. She’d used her spider legs to cling to the side of the redwood trunk and had come all the way around until she was about twenty feet above us.

She saw me and flashed a grim smile, then walked a few feet down the trunk before leaping into the chaotic flock.

Sheela shot once more, but then we both watched in awe as Trel was engulfed by the orange storm of the eight or ten remaining birds. Her two back legs lashed out and dragged a couple of the birds closer to her body where they were crushed against her other legs. She hopped a few feet off the ground and impaled two more birds before they could move away. Finally, she grabbed her spear and spun herself in a blur, so the tips of her legs impacted any bird that was still close. She ended up in a cloud of orange and black feathers, and there were only a few birds left uninjured.

I kicked a disoriented pelagornis, and Sheela loosed an arrow against one flapping a few feet off the ground. Her shot hit, and the orange bird tumbled back down just as the last two birds began to retreat.

Trel tossed her spear at one of them, but her aim was a bit off, and the javelin skidded across the ground and into some ferns.

“They are getting away!” the spider-woman screamed as the escapees took to the air.

I tried to aim my bow at one of them, but I didn’t trust myself to shoot over Trel’s head. Sheela managed to let loose an arrow from her spot off to the side, and it hit one of the birds in the wing. It was her last arrow, and there was still one bird left.

“Take one of mine,” I cried out as I tossed an arrow through the air to Sheela. “Use your Eye-Q!”

Sheela caught and nocked the arrow like she practiced the move every day of the week, then blinked to call up her computer. I watched her study the target until I thought she had missed her chance to fire. At the last possible second, she let the arrow fly, and we all watched the homemade missile arc across the clearing until it made contact with the bird some fifty yards in the air. The target let out a sad cry as it spiraled to the ground like an airplane with one engine out.

Then the battle was over.

Nearly three dozen dead birds were lying next to the redwood tree, mostly near Trel’s feet. An equal number of them were spread in feathery piles around the outer edge of the battlefield. It was a lot of carnage, but my friends and I had won this battle, and I felt a surge of euphoria fill my muscles. I double checked the sky to make sure there were no more orange birds coming for us, and then I ran over to Sheela.

“That was an incredible shot,” I exclaimed as we both hugged each other.

“You were correct, Victor,” she said while we embraced. “The computer showed me where to aim so that I could land a critical strike.”

I pulled away from Sheela and turned my praise on Trel. She stood among the dead bodies of the failed attack and bent down to pick up my hat.

“Trel, that was fucking amazing!” I gushed. “I don’t even know where to begin to tell you how cool that was. Hell, that’s almost worth accepting your offer. Who knew you could fight?” I held out my arms to make it clear I wanted to hug her, too.

A couple of her spider legs had blood splashed on them, but she seemed unharmed and stepped my way with a barely suppressed grin. When she was out of the worst of the mess, she put the hat back on my head, held out her arms, and returned my hug without speaking.

I was glad to have her in my arms. Her help had convinced me that we were going to be able to have our new fort built in time, but Trel also revealed a kind of mama grizzly bear fighting attitude that I never would have suspected in her. She was a great asset to the team, but I was happy to have her as a friend. We’d shared some laughs today and holding her in my arms confirmed my feelings for my three friends.

I’d fight to the death to keep these women alive.





Chapter 15


“It’s just like a doggie door,” I said to Trel as she demonstrated walking through Hope’s swinging gate.

It took us two weeks of hard labor to get to this point, but the extra-wide door was the last big piece of our fort we had to complete. We still had a five-foot section of wall to finish, but I was confident we’d move in by the end of today.

“I don’t know what a ‘doggie’ is, but whatever,” she said with a tired laugh. “And please teach Hope not to crash into the door when she goes in and out, or it might break apart.”

“I doubt that,” I replied. “You designed it to last.”

“I am a genius,” Trel agreed while letting the door swing backward once she came through, “but this is my first time designing structures for dinosaurs.”

We’d spent every waking moment of the past two weeks working on the new and improved fort, and even though the birds were the reason for us moving, everything about the fort, including the stout wooden door, was designed to protect us against much bigger dinosaurs.

We were on day thirty of Sheela’s timeline, which was well into the red zone of when the orange-feathered nightmares were supposed to swoop in and take over. I had a bad headache from not enough sleep, every muscle in my body was sore from endless labor, and we would soon be out of daylight. However, we were so close to finishing the fort that nothing could get me down.

“We’d call you a scholar-athlete back home, Trel. That means you are the whole package of smarts and muscle.” As I spoke, I did my best not to check out her work outfit. When she first started offering advice, she’d do it by walking around and pointing at things while in her beautiful silk dress. But a few days ago, when it looked like we were going to miss our deadline, she came down to the job site dressed in a silk sports cut bra and form-hugging yoga type shorts. It looked like she had cut up her dress to make them, but I didn’t ask for fear that she’d change her mind and go back into the cave.

Nothing was said, but Trel picked up a log with Sheela and set it into the ground like she’d been doing it all along. Today she was working as hard as I’d ever seen her.

“I’m going to go get Hope and test the gate,” I stated. “I want her safe in here while we finish up.”

“What can I do?” Trel said, sounding even more stressed than I was.

“You need to take a little break or do something easy for a bit,” I suggested as we both walked a few paces toward our new hut. “Maybe help Galmine with the leaves.”

“Okay, but I’m not stopping until we get this done,” the dark-haired woman said with exasperation. “You remember how close we were the last time. I’m not going to be responsible for another disaster.”

She got to a pile of flat, pillow-sized leaves, picked up an armful, and threw them onto the top of the hut. Galmine was up there laying the leaves like shingles over the sloped wooden slats of our roof, and she caught most of Trel’s bundle with an easy movement.

I also threw a batch of leaves since I was standing right there. Trel had designed our yurt-like home to sit inside the larger circle of the outer wall, though part of it leaned against the sequoia’s trunk. The inside was just big enough for us to sleep like spokes of a wheel around the cooking fire. There was no time to make it any bigger, but I didn’t mind sleeping so close to the alluring women.

“Thank you!” Galmine called down in a happy voice.

“Wait. You think losing the first fort was your fault?” I said to Trel after my over-exhausted brain figured out what she meant.

“I was too proud to help back then,” the black-haired woman said as she gave a determined heave to an armful of leaves. “If I’d contributed for even one day, the fort would have been completed and built right. We would have survived the stampede and now be living in safety. I’m not going to risk that again when we are this close. Besides, you’re the one who needs a break, male.”

The spider-woman glanced at me, smiled, and then brushed away some wild hair from her sweaty brow. It looked like she’d been working hard, and she had, but she was still drop dead gorgeous.

I returned the grin though I could only imagine my own appearance.

“She is right, Victor, you need a rest,” Sheela said as she finished tying off another log on our wall. The feline woman was sweaty and dirty from our laboring, but the endless work never seemed to slow her down. In fact, my only worry about her was which half of her torn bikini was going to fall apart first.

I hadn’t slept at all the past two nights even though I tried. I’d end up sharpening axes, twisting cord, and cutting new arrows because my brain would not stop worrying about protecting the women. After throwing a couple of armfuls of leaves with Trel, I knew it was time to go on to more critical tasks.

“Trel, thanks for helping me with the door, but now you have to help Sheela finish the barricade,” I said as I moved toward the five-foot hole in the front side of our wall. “I’m going to get Hope and then finish the fort.”

“Then we can relax?” Galmine asked from up above.

“As much as possible in this world, yes,” I replied while snagging one of our spears leaning against the hut.

“I am looking forward to relaxing with you,” the emerald-eyed woman suggested in a teasing way.

I savored her words as I looked where I had to go.

Hope hung out eating leaves near the ramp. I kept her close to the cave entrance as a way of making the birds think twice about going in that direction. We’d been running back and forth from the cave as we transferred our belongings to our new hut, and some of the orange birds had begun to gather in the thirty yards of open ground between the fort and the ramp. It was still possible to cross the field and avoid them, but more birds kept trickling in.

“Victor, wait,” Sheela shouted with urgency.

“Try not to antagonize them,” she added while pointing to the orange birds. “Once they think the cave is theirs, we have to be very careful of them. I shot them after they claimed their roost the last time because I did not know better. After that, they chased me for a mile anytime they saw me.”

I did a double take.

“You think they already own the cave?” It had only been a couple hours since we got our last things, but we didn’t send up a red flare to announce we’d abandoned the cavern.

“I can only tell you of my experience, and I should have thought of this much earlier, but I suggest we be overly cautious around this breed,” Sheela said as she bent down to get another log with Trel. It also backed up the decision as to why we had to build the fort a few dozen yards out in the grove rather than right next to the cave.

“You think they’ll overlook that we’ve killed a shitload of their scouts?” I said with a nervous laugh. We’d battled groups of ten and twenty birds almost every day, but we stopped trying to kill them all. It just wasn’t possible.

“We shall see,” Sheela replied.

There was nothing more to say, but I always trusted the athletic warrior when it came to strategy, so it seemed prudent now to leave the birds alone instead of kicking the shit out of them as I wanted to do.

I jogged toward Hope and avoided the birds as much as possible. Most of them fluttered away from where I ran, but one fat bird squatted in the dust and wouldn’t get out of my way. That forced me to go around it, and I thought of Sheela’s words that the little orange devils might begin aggressively defending their new home.

“I’m just passing through,” I suggested to the flock as I stepped around more and more birds. “Nothing to see here.”

“Hope! Lower that pretty neck,” I called out to the gray and brown parasaur when I felt I was close enough not to frighten all the birds.

She was on her back legs while eating from some of the small tree branches overhead, but I sensed that she understood my anxiety. After scanning left and right, her front feet returned to the ground and then she lowered so I could mount her. I felt like an action hero as I took a running leap, flung my leg over her neck, and perfectly landed the maneuver just as Sheela had demonstrated.

“Go!” I commanded. “But don’t step on the little bastards.”

Hope trotted through the loose gaggle of noisy birds, but they cleared a path for the big dinosaur. I guided her over to the sequoia and had her walk all the way around our massive home tree. Despite everything, I was always amazed when I got close to the imposing redwood, and I gawked up the clean, straight lines of the giant until we were on the back side of the fort.

“This is your new home,” I said to my dinosaur steed. “You are going to share space with us, so we can keep each other safe.”

She tooted a friendly note as I edged her right up to the doggie door on the back side of the fort.

“Just push it open,” I suggested.

Hope gingerly placed her snout against the middle of the door, and I encouraged her to push. The gate swung from its overhead hinge and began to open. The door scraped over her crest, and I had to hold up both of my arms to keep it from coming down on top of me. I held the wooden gate above me as long as I could but had to let it drop onto the ridge of Hope’s back. From there it slid down and off the end of her tail.

“Fantastic!” I proclaimed.

“Your spot is right there.” I guided her to the large open area which served as the courtyard of our circular enclosure. A pile of logs took up some space, but there was just enough room for the big dinosaur to curl up against the outer wall.

I hopped down from Hope and suggested she eat the fern leaves we’d placed for her. Then I ran back to the gate and weaved a long rope through the slats of the door and tied both ends to the outer frame to keep it shut. It was a temporary solution until we had the wall finished and could make a better lock.

“Sheela, can you take a break and check our weapons?” I asked when I jogged over to where she and Trel worked on the final bit of wall. It only took two people to move the big logs, so I wanted my weapons expert checking our defenses one last time. Once we were out of the cave, we’d have nowhere left to retreat.

“I will do as you wish,” the feline woman said as she stepped away.

“Another log done,” Trel said as she tossed her axe down to me.

“Looks like we have about seven to go,” I said as I caught the axe and set it against the wall.

“We’ll need to be outside to place the last one,” Trel reminded me. We’d discussed the final keystone log during planning, but I’d pretty much forgotten about it because the end seemed so far away. Now it was time to consider how that last pole was supposed to fit.

“I remember,” I replied. “It makes sense because of the circle design. We won’t be able to squeeze the last log in place from the inside. We can just take it through the door and then leverage it up from outside.”

“Yes. Once set, we’ll have interlocking logs supporting each other all the way around the wall, just as I said we would.” Trel seemed very proud, and she had every right to be. Our fort was badass, and it was all her design.

The spider-woman walked with me to the woodpile, and we rolled another log from the dwindling stack. We’d used the central pile as a staging area for building the barricade these past weeks, but now it was almost empty. The six remaining large poles sat on top of a few of the smaller twenty-footers left over from our original fort.

“Ready?” I asked Trel after we'd dragged the log next to the hole in our wall.

“Always,” she replied.

We lifted together, and it easily went up. Once we’d propped it almost vertically, it fell a few feet into the hole so only the top seven feet was above ground.

“Please hold,” Trel said as she stepped backward.

We’d done this so many times it had become second nature, but I was still impressed as I watched her in construction mode. I reached down and picked up the axe without taking my hand off the log or my eyes off of the sweat-drenched spider-woman.

Trel grabbed a length of rope with one of her human hands, and then used her spider legs to climb the wall next to the opening and position herself on top so she could pull the loose log in her direction. With remarkable speed, she twisted the rope, so it held the two upright poles together.

“Axe,” she said as if she was a surgeon standing over a patient.

That was another part of our routine, and I tossed the tool she had just given me back up to her. She snatched it out of the air with lightning-fast reflexes and started chopping madly at the charred top of the log as if it had personally stranded her on this planet.

While she worked on the top end, I used another length of rope to tie off the bottom part. When each log was in place, they’d be locked into the two poles on either side. Just as in Trel’s example with sticks, it made each section of the fort’s curved wall very secure. The dirt at the bottom was just one more safeguard in her design.

By the time I was finished with my rope, Trel just about had the top wood chiseled away so it formed a rudimentary point. We’d done the same with all the other logs on the assumption that anything big enough to lean over the top might find it painful.

“Are you done yet?” I asked Trel as a joke.

“Hold your horses, male,” she snapped back with her pretend attitude. I’d taught her that saying after she and I worked together to create a small saddle for Hope. Once I explained what a horse was, and how humans typically rode them, she was able to craft a seat out of cord and some giant leaves. She designed it to wrap around Hope’s neck and tie into the towing harness. Trel even included some extra rope netting so we could carry the water jugs or lash spears to the parasaur’s beefy flank.

Somewhere during that project, “hold your horses” came up, and I had to fill her in on what it meant. Each of the women seemed to enjoy learning my phrases and did a pretty good job using them in the appropriate situations.

“The main flock is arriving,” Sheela reported as she jogged up to us.

“Are we sure we don’t need anything from the cave?” I asked, worried we’d left something important in our old home.

“There is nothing left in there but the fire ring, Victor,” Sheela responded.

“We have plenty of rocks out here,” I said with a laugh. “We’ll make a new one. But for right now, grab a weapon and be ready.”

The squawks of the orange birds grew like an approaching storm, and more Pelagornis Cardiffirus started dropping out of the redwood pine boughs above us.

We all stopped what we were doing to watch them fall like snow toward our cave. Galmine nervously held a spear, as did Trel, but Sheela and I both had bows. The blonde woman had hers at the ready but didn’t fire at any birds even when they were close.

“I hope they do not remember me,” the cat-like warrior said quietly.

“As you said, we will live and let live with our new neighbors.” I stepped closer and offered Sheela a reassuring smile.

In just a few minutes, there were hundreds of birds swarming around the entrance to our cave.

“How did they know it was open?” I asked my friends. “We aren’t out of the cave an hour and they flock in to take over.”

“I bet it was Jinx,” Galmine suggested. “I brought him to his new home out here, and the other birds knew our cave guardian was gone.” She giggled while she stepped down a small ladder to get off the roof of the hut.

“He did an awesome job,” I replied. I didn’t see my little blue friend at that moment, but we’d put him down in a pile of leaves we’d stacked inside the hut. No matter where we put him, he rarely came outside when the hungry orange birds were near.

“They have been watching us go in and out for weeks,” Sheela said, “and I believe they made their decision when they saw the four of us together out here for most of today.”

“Ah. That makes sense, though I don’t like to let anything go without a fight,” I added.

“We have killed many of them over these past weeks,” Sheela said. “We would need twenty hunters with a hundred arrows each to wipe out all of them.” Sheela looked at the still-gathering flock as if sizing them up for battle. “We held them off only as long as we needed to get our new home done, and that is a victory just as surely as if we killed every last one.”

“Okay, let’s get back to work,” I said as I tried to keep things moving.

I gave the finger to the birds over by the cave, but then noticed the odd looks from my companions.

“It means ‘fuck you’ back home,” I said while shaking my head. “It also means I’m not afraid of them.”

“We are not afraid of them, either,” Sheela said in her steady voice.

“All I know is that it’s a good thing you listened to me about putting a camp outside the cave like this,” Trel said with a deadpan delivery.

Despite the bustle of arriving birds and our pressing chores, the three of us froze and turned to Trel. But before I said a word about all the things wrong with her statement, she cracked a smile and then began to laugh.

“Hah! Too easy!” the sexy spider-woman taunted as she looked at me.

“You,” I growled while pointing to Trel, “get your buns over to the woodpile. We have a job to finish.”

I was still chuckling as she and I picked up and scooted log number six over to the open section of wall. We lifted so it tipped into the trench and we immediately began tying the ropes. Trel took care of securing the top while I kneeled and tied off the bottom.

A minute later, Hope made odd noises and began to stomp one of her feet.

“What is it? Out of leaves?” I asked my dinosaur without looking at her.

She continued to stomp, but it wasn’t until Jinx screeched annoyingly that I finally looked up from tying the rope.

“Victor, Jinx is acting really weird in here,” Galmine said from inside the hut.

“Oh, shit. Jinx and Hope are both warning us!” I shouted.

I peered around the log to see outside the gap in the wall. The orange and black birds weren’t doing anything unusual in the front, so the threat was probably out back.

“Trel, get off the wall.” I had no idea what was going on, but I wanted the spider-woman out of view.

I hurried to grab the ladder, so I could use it to see over the back wall. While I ran, Hope’s door popped open a few inches then closed again.

Hope’s gate was tied off and locked with rope, but the wooden structure itself wasn’t perfectly rigid, so the seal wasn’t airtight.

“Sheela,” I said with alarm in my voice, “there’s something--”

The door opened just far enough that a familiar green-feathered dino could poke its head through on the left side. The lock rope strained against the pressure, and the raptor’s claws threatened to sever it like a knife through butter.

“Oh, fuck no!” I screamed with emotion dredged from my deepest fears. The little raptor flashed about ten million razor-sharp teeth while it sized me up with its beady little eyes.

Eyes that looked far too intelligent.

“The door!” I shouted while I ran past Galmine to get a spear.

As soon as I had a weapon in my hand, I sprinted on fear-numbed legs toward my old enemy. My terror was compounded by the knowledge that five logs were missing from the wall behind me, and I prayed that this was the only green raptor to find our camp.

Even though I knew that they traveled in packs.

It only took two seconds to cross the remaining twenty feet, which presented two possibilities for me. I could try to spear the small head wedged in the opening or I could slam the door on it.

I went for the safest option and lunged for the door, but the raptor seemingly anticipated me and retreated just as I landed my shoulder. It yelped and lost a few feathers from its head, but I failed to smash it dead like I planned.

I slammed into the door because I assumed I was going to crush its fucking skull, but when the raptor pulled back, it created slack in the rope holding the gate shut. I assumed the lucky bastard also did some claw damage to the cord because it snapped apart under the sudden load. The gate tilted outward as if Hope was pushing it open to leave the fort. It was designed to swing from the top, so I dropped my spear and grabbed at the wood slats with both hands to try to keep it from opening too much. For a few seconds, I stood frozen in the doorway while in full view of the hip-high little monster and several others arriving behind it.

I used that frozen moment to snap the nearest one in my Eye-Q.

Identification: Dinosaur, Deinonychus antirrhopus, female.

The name meant nothing to me. The dino was the same half-sized version of the Jurassic Park velociraptor from the movie. I hated everything about them, but the oversized hooked claws on their toes were the worst. I thought back to how those hooks sounded when they ripped the flesh of Heracula and Kelg.

“Fuck!” I screamed as I took a deliberate step back from the group of raptors and struggled to pull the door toward me.

The peeping raptor seemed just as surprised as well, and it only sprang into action as I yanked down the door. The thing bounced off the outside just as I shut the gate, but more arrived and slammed into the wood where they’d seen me standing.

I struggled to hold them back for a few seconds more, but Galmine arrived and leaned into the door next to me as if to add her weight to my delaying tactics.

The raptors threw themselves against the gate again, and Galmine and I lurched back a few inches. Some of them tried to claw their way up the outside of the door, too, which scared the shit out of me. The rock woman and I were able to hold the gate closed for the moment, but I needed a better solution.

“We need another rope!” I yelled.

Rope to secure the door was one necessity, but so was getting Galmine the fuck out of danger. It cut against every ounce of my being to have the bubbly woman up against the gate.

“Sheela?” I yelled while turning to see where she was. I expected her to show up with the rope two seconds after I asked for it.

But my friend had problems of her own. She and Trel were using their spears to fend off more raptors from the hole in our wall.

“Oh, fuck!” I shouted as I realized how much danger we were really in.

The door shook again as the raptors continued to mass up on the other side. If they all hit at the exact same time, we’d probably collapse like wet paper bags.

I turned to Hope.

“Come here, girl,” I commanded. “I need you!”

She’d been standing there looking nervous and making those odd honking sounds, but I got the feeling she wanted to help. The parasaur turned herself around so she faced me and the gate.

“Stand right here,” I shouted while pointing her next to the door.

Galmine let out a little “Oomph,” as another jarring hit came from outside.

“Hurry!” I insisted to Hope.

She only needed to take a few steps before she reached the gate, and she seemed skittish when the wooden door slammed into her. For a second, the gate opened wide enough I was sure something was going to slip inside our fort, but Hope’s body became a second wall once she was in position.

“Galmine, can you get us lots of heavy rope from the hut?” I pleaded. I knew that she couldn’t move that fast, but I didn’t want to leave her here with Hope beside the wall.

“Y-yes,” she replied as she stepped back from Hope and the gate. I could tell she was shaken, and I was so glad to get her off the dangerous door.

“Go!” I added in an urgent tone.

As Galmine walked away, I glanced over at the other two women and was horrified to see a mass of raptors snapping and clawing through the opening in the wall. Sheela and Trel took turns jabbing their spears at the little green dinos, but it didn’t look like they were making much progress. One of Sheela’s thrusts went deep into the chest of a raptor, and it dove out of sight, but another instantly took its place.

I had to help them, but I couldn’t move.

Hope held the gate, but I had to stay near her head to calm her. I sensed her fear at having those predators inches away from her exposed side, but she listened to me and held position up against the door. It created a stalemate that would last until Galmine returned with more rope.

Or until something worse happened.

I flipped between both battles to see where I was needed most, but I returned my full attention to the gate when I saw a puff of dust shoot out from under the door. A few additional clouds appeared right after the first, and then a raptor’s head pushed between the crack at the bottom of the door. It was trying to squirm through the new hole under the gate. The feathered dinos were smart enough to tunnel.

I wanted to cuss like a motherfucker, but I kept calm for Hope because she was already on the edge of fear.

“Just stand here, okay?” I said with a quick pat to her neck.

Then I sprang toward the digging dino.

The black eye of the raptor saw me coming, but I had the initiative. I didn’t know karate or any other martial arts, but I did my best Bruce Lee impression, and I jumped through the air and then thrust the heel of my boot right into its eye.

The dinosaur bellowed in pain and attempted to wriggle out. I pressed my attack, but before I could kick that ruined eye again, the head disappeared back through its burrow.

I mentally commanded Hope to push the dirt back into the hole, and the parasaur followed my orders. She was a much quicker digger than the raptor, and the hole was filled back up in a handful of seconds. The raptors continued to slam into the door while Hope pushed dirt, but my dino didn’t need to move from her spot to finish the work, so the wood just smacked into her flank.

“Victor!” Galmine shouted as she arrived with an armful of rope.

I took the coiled strands and got underneath Hope’s flank while the big dinosaur kept the door from swinging inward.

The new rope was about the same size as I had used the first time, but now I slung it around the hooks on each side of the doorframe and lashed it multiple times through the ropes binding the door itself. Then I got a second rope and tied it to the door a couple feet lower, so there was no play at the bottom of the gate. It seemed twice as strong as before, but I wouldn’t be happy until we had a massive metal drop bar holding the gate in place.

“Can you keep an eye on Hope?” I said to Galmine. I planned to leave Hope against the door, just to be sure.

“Yes. Go,” she said with a weak smile.

“Okay, Hope. Listen to Galmine. She is a friend, right?” I tried to convey my message along with happy thoughts of the bubbly woman, and the parasaur honked what might have been a reply. I patted her on the neck and gave one last look toward the rock woman.

“Victor!” Trel screamed as she jabbed her spear into the cluster of raptors she was trying to fend off. “We need the logs to seal up the wall!”

“I’m on it!” I shouted as I sprinted to our woodpile.

When I reached our stack of logs, I wrapped my arms around the widest end of the closest log, tightened my stomach, and pushed with my legs. I was used to carrying this with Sheela, but adrenaline was giving me tons of strength, and the log lifted off the ground.

But it wasn’t easy. The long length of wood probably weighed over three hundred pounds, and I’d never lifted one all by myself. My back, glutes, legs, abs, and arms strained against the mass, but I didn’t give a shit.

My friends needed me.

“Hold them off!” I yelled as I started to drag the massive log over to them.

Trel and Sheela increased the speed of their attacks to force the raptors away. I dropped the end of the ten-foot pole into the dirt, and I ran to the other end and lifted the log until it fell in the ditch. Trel jumped back to me, and used one of her spider legs to help me shift the log into position, even as the rest of her body focused on shoving her spear at a pair of raptors.

It looked like there were thirty of them trying to get inside.

“Trel, you need to tie it off,” I gasped as my breath tried to recover from pushing the log.

“Got it!” she said as she tossed me her spear. I grabbed the weapon with numb hands and ran to help Sheela keep the raptors out of the entrance while Trel tied the top of the log I just raised to the others.

“Done!” she said ten seconds later.

“Take the spear! I’ll get another log!” I tossed the weapon up in the air, and Trel snatched it.

Sheela jumped back as a raptor lunged for her, but Trel used one of her far legs to jab the predator viciously in the chest to get it to back off.

“We are fine! Go!” Sheela shouted, but then another raptor snapped its teeth a few inches away from her face, and she had to kick it back.

“Okay,” I said as my heart leapt into my throat.

I went back and manhandled log number four until it was in the hole. My body was screaming with agony, but I ignored the pain and helped Sheela defend again as Trel tied off the top. As I sprinted for the next one, Galmine waved me over to her.

“Victor! The door is moving!” the rock-woman pointed to the far side of Hope.

“Fuck! I need more rope.” The door wasn’t bursting open, but it might if I didn’t get another length of rope to tie it a little better. The little bastards really wanted to get in.

I spun around and dashed into the hut to pick up more cordage. Galmine ripped and twisted leaves whenever she could, so we had a ton of rope, but the pile had gotten a lot smaller over the last hour.

When I got back out of the hut, I glanced at Sheela and Trel. I would have loved to shoot some arrows at the raptors, but there was no time, and I didn't want to hit my friends by accident. Sheela was right about spears: they were the correct weapon for close combat like this.

“Watch out!” I shouted as I ran by Galmine, aimed under Hope, and slid up to the door like a ballplayer stealing a base. Once I was at the door, I could see it was still tied really well where I’d secured it earlier, but there was a bit of give at the bottom near the burrow. I cinched the rope around the lowest crossbar and yanked the shit out of it at each side of the doorframe. If that didn’t keep the gate from shifting, nothing would.

I slid out from under Hope and gave Galmine a thumbs-up.

Then I ran back to the log pile.

The next tree trunk became a nightmare to drag to the wall. It felt about twice as heavy as the others, and I almost couldn’t lift it from the ground. My muscles were spasming with fatigue. It had been “leg day” and “upper body day” at our outdoor gym for too many days in a row, and I’d just dragged and lifted two logs by myself. Still, I managed to get the log in place while the two women defended me, but I did a shitload of grunting along the way.

When I got back to the log pile, I looked over to Galmine and took comfort that Hope was nuzzling up to her while the rock woman was rubbing her snout. More importantly, my rope seemed to be holding the door in place and nothing was nosing around underneath.

Then I was on to the second-to-last log.

I dragged the ten-foot trunk into position, though I had to dig deep into my soul to summon the strength. Lifting four in a row while raptors chomped at every exit took its toll. I barely managed to get it standing up straight, and my breaths were entering and exiting my lungs with tearing pain.

“One left, male!” Trel shouted as she stabbed a raptor through the now much narrower vertical hole in our wall.

“The hardest one,” I said after I took a deep breath. I thought about asking Trel or Sheela to grab the log, but both women were better than me with a spear, and we’d all die if any of the raptors made it past the wall.

All the other logs created a smooth-looking line along the length of the curved wall, but each pole sat a little behind the one next to it, so they could form a reinforcing circle. If we didn’t position this last one correctly, the missing tree would rob the wall of a lot of that natural strength.

Trel explained it in one of her lecture using sticks, but basically, it meant there was a five-inch gap between the two finished sections of the wall. The eight-inch diameter log couldn’t fit between the existing poles, and could only be set in the ground from the other side.

The side filled with hungry dinosaurs.

“If I knew these raptors would be here, I might have designed this in a square,” Trel mused as I dragged the last heavy log to the wall. My arms, back, and legs were shaking from fatigue, and the edges of my vision were starting to dot with black spots.

I didn’t have anything left in me, but I was going to have to lift this thing up and over the wall anyways.

“Yeah, uh, I know what we have to do,” I gasped as if I was hopped up on caffeine and adrenaline. My lungs burned like they were on fire, and my legs felt like jello. “Trel, you need to get up there, Sheela and I will send the log up to you.” I pointed to the top of the wall next to the remaining sliver of an opening.

She let down her spider legs and crawled up to the top of the wall while Sheela continued to fend off the raptors with her spear. As soon as Trel reached the top, she immediately began jabbing her weapon at the raptors on the other side.

“Keep them from coming in while Sheela and I lift!” I yelled up to Trel.

“I will,” she replied.

As soon as Sheela dropped her spear and went to help me lift, a smaller raptor head squeezed through the slit in the wall and started snapping at us. In the few seconds it took for me to grab my spear, it began wedging itself through.

I lunged with my spear, punched the point through its flat chest, and drove it right back out of the gap. Sheela had also grabbed her spear and used the weapon to help push it along.

But another was already in its place.

“I got it!” Trel screamed as she drove her spear through the beast’s head. It died almost instantly, but its body lay right in the gap where we needed to set the log.

“Sonofabitch!” I blurted. “Let’s lift!”

We set our spears down and heaved the heavy end of the trunk until it was over our heads. My arms were wobbly, my breath came out in ragged huffs, and it felt like my back was about to cramp, but I was able to maintain it until Trel could help.

“Got it,” the black-haired woman shouted to us as she grabbed the log. With her help, we slid the tree a few feet so it rested on top of the wall like it was a ramp.

I immediately thought of how shitty it would be if we let the log slide over the top to create a ramp on the other side. It would be pretty fucking steep, but I guessed the raptors would be able to climb it.

There was no margin for error.

“Hang on!” I huffed to my two friends as I grabbed my spear and shoved its point at another raptor that was climbing over the corpse of its buddy. I was a bit too slow to hit this one, and it darted back with an angry hiss. I had to make a few more stabs into the group to give me a little space, but then I managed to push the corpse off the top of our hole.

“I can defend!” Trel screamed as her spear came down to hit another raptor. I looked up to see her balancing the last log with one hand, attacking with her other, and holding onto the side of the fort wall with her spider legs.

“Sheela help!” I shouted as the cheetah-woman jumped up next to me and attacked the hungry shapes in the gap. “I’m going to get something from the hut!” It would take a bit of luck to get this done, but I had something that was going to give us a better chance. I hauled ass into the hut, grabbed the longest piece of rope left, and then took it to the log. In that short time, Sheela had killed another raptor in the narrow passage.

I tied the rope around the part of the pole balancing on our side of the wall. This would end up being the top when it flipped over into the hole, and my intent was to use the rope as a brake so it didn’t flip too far over and fall out into the raptors.

“Trel, buy us some time!” I shouted. “Sheela! Up and over!”

The blonde woman jumped back from the hole, and we both lifted from the far end of the log. Then we walked it forward so it slid on top of the four-inch slot. We managed to get it to the halfway point, and the heavy log seemed to balance on top of the fence like the top of the letter ‘T.’

“Trel, you have to keep it from tipping,” I yelled at her.

“I won’t let it go,” she said, though the spider-woman looked a little unsure.

“Stick with it. We’re almost there.” It hurt to talk, but then I saw a brave raptor push his face into the hole of our wall.

Fuck these guys. Couldn’t they just leave us alone?

“Sheela, guard the slot!” I ordered.

“Yes!” she replied. I didn’t pay attention to her spear thrust, but I did hear the raptor scream when she stabbed it.

I decided that someone needed to be up with Trel to help the log over the top, so I ran and grabbed our small ladder. Once I slammed it up against the wall, I had an idea for how to use it properly.

“Trel, buy us some more space! Sheela, we are lifting!” My orders came out in a hoarse bark, but the women jumped to execute my commands.

Sheela held the tree with both hands above her head while it balanced on top of the wall. Trel continued to poke her spear down into the pack of raptors and they hissed like angry train brakes.

We were committed.

The ladder was only about six feet high, which made it difficult to get a good grasp on the tree trunk, but it was still better than being on the ground. I used both hands to test the weight of the log, and I figured Trel and I could do the next step.

“We are going to lift together,” I said to Trel as I climbed up the ladder to be next to her.

“I don’t need your help. I am stronger than you, remember?” The spider-woman shot back with a quick laugh.

“I do,” I replied, though I felt like a totally new man since we’d had that conversation about our strength attribute. “Just don’t lose your grip on the log or we’re shit out of luck.”

She gave me a grim nod.

“Here we go!” I shouted the second I was in position. “It’s got to go straight up, then we’ll drop it toward the hole.”

The log had been balanced on top of the wall, but now we let it tip over the far side. As we shoved it over, we also had to keep it as slow as possible. Trel and I bear-hugged the pole to keep the heavy end from shooting out of control.

The plan worked well until the log was low enough for the raptors to reach it and get in the way.

“Ahh, shit,” I growled through my teeth as I struggled to hold onto the log.

But Sheela was there with her spear. She shoved it through the little gap in the wall and jabbed the dino to get it to move back. Crushing a raptor would be so satisfying, but it would prevent the final log from seating properly.

Trel and I began to struggle with the pole as it became nearly vertical. I felt it give way and there was nothing I could do to slow it.

“Trel!” I shouted. “It’s going.”

But it was already gone.

The log slid through my arms and landed in the dirt near the base of the wall.

“Don’t let it go!” I yelped. The momentum of the fall yanked me halfway over the top of the wall, and one of the spikes almost impaled my stomach.

Trel was above me, also struggling to hold it from further tipping over. If we both let go, the log would end up on the ground outside the fort.

“Grab the rope, Sheela!” I gasped.

My cat-like friend yanked her spear out the gap and then grabbed the rope I’d tied on the log.

“Pull!” I shouted. I wanted Sheela to pull the rope, but I also had to hold on, so the top of the log stayed where it was.

I heard Sheela grunt as she really strained to yank the rope tied to the base of the upright log. She moved it a couple of feet toward the hole in the ground.

“That’s it. You’ve got it!” I said while looking straight down on Sheela.

A raptor made a last lunge, but the log had tightened up against the existing parts of the wall, and there wasn’t enough room to snap at Sheela’s hand.

Then the log fell into the hole with a satisfying sound.

I leaned back on the ladder, so I was no longer on the top of the wall. Trel backed away as well.

“I almost fell off,” I remarked as we went down to the ground.

“I would have caught you,” the black-haired beauty replied with a reassuring smile. “Maybe.”

“Ha. Thanks for watching my back,” I said to Trel as the three of us stood there panting.

We listened to the raptors outside the wall. I wasn’t sure if I should have been worried about the last logs we’d set. They weren’t bound together with multiple ropes yet, so there was some give to them, but the ditch and the natural strength of the rounded wall kept them from tipping over.

“We fucking did it,” I said when we’d all gathered in the middle of the fort next to Hope. “You are all amazing.”

“So are you,” Galmine replied. It said a lot that she was now smiling and happy. “I really wanted to help you guys, but I felt it was best to be with Hope.”

“You were key, Galmine,” I answered. “You kept the back door shut while we got the front squared away. We couldn’t have done it without you.”

“We were lucky, but Victor guided us true,” Sheela said while she leaned on her spear.

“I agree with the warrior woman. For a male, he did pretty well.” Trel laughed, and I knew she wasn’t insulting me.

“Can we rest, now, Victor?” Galmine said. “I have some ideas--”

“No. Not yet. Sorry, Galmine. The gate is fucked up, so we need to fix that lock right away. I also want to tie off those last few logs so they can’t budge. I know it’s almost dark, but if we get that done, I think we might actually be able to sleep in peace tonight.”

Galmine made a sound like purring.

My headache had slipped away during the fight, but my exhaustion was quick to return now that death was off the table. I took a few deep breaths and planned to forge ahead with the last items on today’s checklist.

Before I could do anything, the forest filled with color as beams of light punched through the sky in many locations. For a minute the lights dropped far away, and in places obscured by the trees of the surrounding pines.

But then one touched down super close to our fort. A blue shimmer sparked into existence a few hundred yards toward the stream with a sound like thunder. The spark became a glow that grew in brightness until it was a solid blue tower of light that seemed to go up into space.

The raptors noticed it, too, because they immediately stopped pawing at the door. I don’t know where the thought came from, but it all fell into place why the green dinosaurs were all over us at that beach when I first arrived on this world.

They knew the lights brought easy prey.

“That pillar of light was really damn close,” I observed, and Trel instantly climbed up the side of the wall with her spider-legs.

“It’s a woman!” my friend shouted as soon as she peaked over the side of our fort wall. “She’s right at the edge of the forest, and two dinosaurs are running toward her!”





Chapter 16


“Shit,” I groaned as I pushed my exhausted legs into a sprint. I was at the ladder a second later, and I used it to climb up to the edge of our fort wall.

The majority of raptors were still at the base of our wall, and they hissed at me when they saw my head pop over. I ignored them and turned my eyes toward where Trel pointed.

A woman with long pink hair stumbled forward out of the blue teleporter glow some two-hundred yards from our fort. As soon as she exited the beam, the light shut off like someone snapped their fingers. A final clap of thunder echoed out into the clearing, and the woman jumped in fright.

The woman looked human. She was wearing what looked like tight blue jeans and a white silk blouse. My eyes shot to her feet when she tried to take a step, and I saw that she was wearing six-inch platform heels. She was dressed like a rich socialite who’d been plucked from a Catalina wine mixer, and I was struck by how beautiful her face was. Her neon-pink hair was a color I’d often seen on women from Earth, and I wondered if she was actually from my world.

My eyes strayed from her brightly colored hair, and I saw the pair of green feathered raptors racing toward her.

“Hey!” I screamed to get her attention, and the raptors on the wall below me hissed as they clawed at the wall.

“Hey! You!” Trel screamed along with me, and I saw Sheela grapple to the top of the wall beside me.

“Hey!” the three of us screamed together, and the pink-haired woman finally turned toward us.

“Run! Run! They are coming for you!” I shouted as I pointed at the two raptors racing toward her. They were about halfway there now, and I guessed that the woman had only a few dozen seconds to try and escape.

I doubted she’d be able to make it.

“Damn it! Run, you idiot!” Trel screamed as she waved her arms along with Sheela and me.

The distant woman seemed to come out of her confused haze, and I saw her head turn toward the raptors.

Then she screamed, stepped backward, and fell on her ass.

“Fuck!” I hissed as I tried to figure out a way to help her. I knew Hope was faster than these raptors, but there was no way I could get out of the door when there were twenty down below. They’d rip us to pieces in an instant.

The poor woman was about to get eaten.

“Fuck, fuck fuck,” I sighed as the green raptors raced closer to the woman. “We can’t help her.” I thought about what her life might have been like before she got here. I wondered what she was doing before the aliens grabbed her. I prayed that her end would be swift and painless.

But I remembered the men on the beach when I first arrived, and I knew that this poor woman would probably not have a clean and painless death. She was going to die screaming as the raptors tore her limbs off her torso.

“There is nothing we can do,” Sheela said as if she read my mind. “It is unfortunate, but--”

A blast of light came from the direction of the woman and raptors, and I felt my jaw drop. A bright pulse of pure laser-like energy had left one of the beautiful woman’s hands and streaked toward a raptor. Three quarters of the feathered dinosaur’s body was now made of burnt smoke, and the bottom half of its body tumbled through the ferns.

“Holy--” I started to shout with surprise, but the woman raised her other hand toward the single approaching raptor, and a second beam of energy shot from her palm. It was too bright to tell what color it was, but the other raptor instantly vaporized as if it had been hit by some sort of futuristic weapon. There hadn’t even been a sound. Just the flash of light and a half-disintegrated dinosaur.

“--Shit!” I finished as the pink-haired woman collapsed on the grass. She was on all fours and I could see her back move with dramatic breaths. It looked like her hand-laser-beam-cannons had taken a lot out of her, but I couldn’t argue with the results.

“Run!” Trel screamed at the woman, and I saw her try to get up from all fours. It looked like she was exhausted, but she managed to stand on wobbly legs.

Then she fell down again.

Fuck it all. She looked really tired. Could she blast another set of raptors? Could she get up and run? I had no idea what her real powers were, but the way she was bent over made me think someone had just kicked her in the stomach.

“I need to go out there,” I said as I glanced down at the raptors on the other side of the wall. None of the horde had decided to run toward the woman, but a few of them were glancing toward where the flash of light had come from.

The raptors seemed really distracted by our screams, and they were throwing themselves against the wall with insane fervor.

“What? Go out there? You are crazy!” Trel grabbed my arm with her long bone-fingers so that she could get my attention.

“You saw what she can do!” I said. “We need her. It’s just two-hundred yards. I’ll take Hope and--”

“Victor, no,” Trel interrupted me. “We did it. This is our home now. We’re safe. You can’t go out with that mob of beasts running around.”

“I agree with Trel,” Sheela said as she stabbed her spear down into a raptor that had jumped halfway up the wall. The monster screamed when her weapon hit it, and it fell down.

“Look at her ability!” I argued. “She killed the two raptors with some sort of power. She could help defend and protect all of us, and she’s right over there. It isn’t far for Hope to run.”

“They will eat you and Hope as soon as you get out the door!” Trel argued, and it looked like her black eyes were on fire.

“Look! They are all stuck right here because we are screaming!” I gestured down at the twenty-something dinos. “If you make a lot of noise to distract the raptors, Hope and I can slip out, and then we’ll be back in a flash with one more person who can help us survive.”

“Victor, this is the stupidest thing you’ve--”

“Trel, just fucking do it!” I shouted at her as I jumped down the ladder and ran toward Hope.

I thought about Heracula as I ran across our small camp. I wished the shark-man had made it off that beach with me. He had seemed like a good dude, and he would have been a huge asset to our construction team and an even bigger part of our defense. This woman killed two raptors without even touching them. If I could bring her back to the camp, our little tribe would have a better chance of surviving.

“Victor, I agree with Trel and Sheela,” Galmine said as I ran past her. “This isn’t safe. Please stay here.”

“Please untie the ropes on the gate when I’m ready,” I said as I stepped to Hope’s side. The flock of orange birds almost seemed happy as they clucked away by our cave, but the claw-happy raptors provided a terrible undercurrent of chirps and scratching right outside our wooden barricade.

My stomach dropped when I thought again about what I was about to do. Maybe it was idiotic, but the woman was so close to our camp, and I didn’t want to risk losing someone who could blast the living fuck out of dinosaurs.

Especially when we were stuck on a world filled with dinosaurs.

I could do this. I could save one more person and make our little tribe stronger.

“Listen to us!” Trel was suddenly at my side, and her long fingers closed around my bicep. “You are going to get killed out there! Stop being an idiot male. We know you are strong, you don’t need to prove anything!”

“Get back on the wall and distract the raptors!” I shouted at Trel as I climbed onto Hope’s back. Sheela was following my orders and shouting at the raptors from her spot on the wall, but I could see her stealing glances at me, and I could read her body language well enough to know she wasn’t happy with my decision.

“No!” Trel growled as she grabbed onto my thigh. “You can’t go out there. I don’t care if she has the power to kill them. It isn’t worth risking you.”

“Trel,” I replied. “There’s no more time, we need her.”

“You’ve been so nice to me these past days! No one has been that nice to me in my entire life! I joked with you about being a dumb male, but I can’t deny my own feelings. I’ve tried to tell you since that day you held me in your arms, but my expression of love only involves procreation--”

“I’m not dying--” I growled, but she raised a hand to stop me.

“Argh! Please let me finish. This is the first time I’ve ever done this.” Trel’s eyebrows were furrowed, and her voice trembled. “I have learned from Galmine and Sheela that love can be expressed in ways I never imagined. If you stay with us, I will love you and be loved by you without any conditions. I only want to be yours. Please don’t go. Let her die, we don’t need her. I can’t risk losing you. I love you. Please stay here with me.” Trel looked up with tears in her stormy black eyes.

“I, uh, don’t know what to say.” As I spoke the words, my Eye-Q flashed a message that I almost ignored, though I took a quick peek to see if it was super important. I expertly flipped to the flashing Assets tab to find all the numbers blinking.

Structures: 2

Creatures: 2

Women: 2

I clicked the 2 after women and discovered: Woman added: Trel-Idil-Iria.

“Say you’ll stay and not go out,” Trel pleaded.

“Holy shit,” I blurted. “You--” I started to share the Eye-Q’s report, but I held my tongue. The computer somehow understood Trel’s words as worthy of adding her to my inventory of women, but if I shared that knowledge with her, she might use that as proof I shouldn’t ever go.

And I might be tempted to let her stop me.

“You are amazing, Trel,” I said while in the saddle she’d made for me, “but I have to save her. We need her powers, and we need help surviving. You need to help me by distracting the raptors.”

“Fine,” she spat. “Idiot!” Her spider legs drummed on the ground in an obvious temper tantrum.

“Don’t be like that. Will you keep this safe for me?” I took off my outback hat and offered it to her. Her black eyes opened wide, and she snatched it from my hands before I could set it on her head.

“I want you! Not your damn hat!” Her shoulders slumped, and tears poured down her cheeks.

But then she put the hat on her head.

“Sheela! Let’s get their attention!” the spider-woman barked, and then she ran over toward my other friend’s spot on the wall. Trel made a single leap on her spider legs, stuck to the wall, and then climbed across the vertical surface with ease. She started screaming at the raptors when she made it to the top, and then she moved so that the group would go further away from the gate.

“Hey you ugly idiots, over here!” Trel screamed.

“Here! Here! Here!” Sheela shouted as she grabbed the top of the wall and climbed across the points so that she could follow Trel.

“Galmine, untie the gate,” I ordered as I turned Hope toward the door.

“I don’t want you to go. Not one bit.” The silver-haired beauty walked between Hope and the gate.

“That woman needs my help, and we need hers,” I said as I gestured for her to get started.

“I understand,” Galmine replied with a teary smile. “I will never approve of sending you into danger, but that’s all there is on this planet. You would risk your life to save her, even if she didn’t have powers. That is the kind of wonderful man you are.”

“I don’t know about that,” I said as I thought about the pink-haired woman’s power. Yeah, I’d like to say that I would go out there to help anyone, and maybe I would have, but I was safe in here with three beautiful women who liked me, and out there was a bunch of hungry raptors. I was risking my life so that I could save someone that would turn the tide in Dinosaurland.

Besides, it wasn’t like it was that dangerous. She could just blast any of the raptors that came after us.

“You do have honor. It is why I love you so much. Come back safe, my dear Victor.” Galmine untied the last of the rope, but she paused so that we could wait for the other two women to give us the signal when they had the raptors on the far side of the fort.

“How’s it look--” I started to yell over to them, but Trel was already waving at me, and Sheela was standing on the ladder and leaning over the top of the wall to tempt the raptors.

“They are all over here! Go! Go! Go! Go!” Trel ordered.

I turned to Galmine and nodded at her to release the last knot.

“When we return, be careful of those things coming in after us!” I shouted to my friends.

“Be safe, I love you.” Galmine stepped out of the way of the door and blew me a kiss.

“Come on, Hope! Giddyup!” I shouted as I pushed my dinosaur through the door and out into the field.

No raptors were waiting for us in front of the gate, but I saw a bunch of tails to our left as they ran toward where Sheela and Trel were screaming.

“Go!” I said when we were clear of the gate.

Hope broke into a run across the open ground of the grove. I glanced over my shoulder when we reached the nearest big sequoia to make sure the raptors weren’t getting inside the fort.

I was relieved to see the gate was already shut.

But then my balls shriveled when I saw a few raptors peel off from the barricade so they could give chase to Hope.

“You’ll be happy to know they’re coming for us,” I shouted to Hope with a sarcastic laugh. I’d gotten us both into some serious shit.

I guided her around another massive redwood tree and then turned so that we aimed back parallel to the clearing. I nudged Hope to run faster and hoped the trailing raptors couldn’t see our path through the dense forest. My plan was to lose them in the forest and then come out the side of the clearing before angling back to the pink-haired woman. I hoped that I’d lose the chasing raptors in the redwoods, but at the least, I didn’t want to lead them straight to the woman.

For one glorious moment I enjoyed the sunshine and wind blowing on my face from the top of my dinosaur steed. I listened to the air pump in and out of her lungs with a deep bass sound a lot like a horse. She ran faster than I’d ever seen, and I got the sense she fed off my adrenaline.

“Go. Go. Go,” I urged her mentally. I was afraid to push her too hard, or I’d wear her down before we could get back home, but for the moment she was going fast enough that I didn’t think the raptors could catch up.

But then we found some of the green-feathered assholes. I didn’t know where they came from, but I suspected they were running toward the light that had dropped the pink-haired woman.

I saw the first raptor slinking through the ferns near one of the redwoods like it was sneaking up on a victim. My biggest advantage over those little hunters was that I wasn’t slowing down.

But they were chasing me now.

“Shit. Don’t stop, Hope,” I breathlessly relayed to my friend.

The green-feathered runners sped up to match our pace, but as one raptor got close, I adjusted Hope’s path so we drifted away from a collision. One monster made a biting lunge at Hope’s side, but it was too slow and ended up snapping at her tail instead.

I glanced back to see it chasing us, along with three others, and my heart almost ejected out of my mouth.

I ordered Hope to give me all she had, and she blasted forward like a rocket ship. The raptors seemed startled by her speed, and they let out an angry squawk as we lost them.

I turned to the right again and focused my attention on the clearing approaching in front of us. I pulled out my spear and kept Hope running along a curving route toward the woman. I wanted to come at the new arrival from the side while keeping away from the main pack of predators until the last second.

Hope galloped through the forest at what must have been thirty miles per hour. I almost couldn’t see because of the wind in my eyes. I turned back and saw that she’d lost all of the green-feathered monsters.

I felt as if I was jockeying a Triple Crown racehorse, and I urged Hope to sprint even faster.

The parasaur ran on her rear feet but kept her head low to the ground. Her long tail stuck out straight behind her and probably acted as a counterweight to that crested head. The faster she went, the smoother the ride became as she and I reached a finely tuned balance of motion together.

Hope crashed through some small evergreens, and we emerged in a clearing at full gallop. “There!” I burst out as I directed Hope toward the woman.

She was still on her knees and her pink hair fell around her face, but she seemed to sense I was riding toward her and turned her face up to me with surprise.

I hated to give up the speed, but I slowed Hope a little so I wouldn’t plow into the woman.

My heart rate and adrenaline revved dangerously as we crossed the open ground. I turned to my right and saw the group of raptors still at the wall of our fort. I then twisted my head over my shoulder and didn’t see any chasing behind us. It looked like we were in the clear, but I couldn’t shake the feeling we were going to arrive a second too late to save her. I squeezed the neck rope in my sweaty hands and swiveled back and forth to look for our pursuers.

“Get ready to jump up!” I shouted when I was fifty feet away.

“What is this place? I’m not going--” she started to reply

I watched her jaw drop as she got a look at what was coming out of the woods behind me. I didn’t even need to glance back. It was now or never for her.

“Whoa, girl!” I yelled to Hope as I yanked on the neck rope in my best effort to put on the brakes.

The woman’s eyes bulged as we bore down on her.

Hope’s feet dug into the loose topsoil and skidded like we were on ice. We slid up right next to the young lady. I reached out my hand, intending to help her up so she could sit behind me, but she kept her bulging eyes on the raptors.

“More are coming!” she screamed.

“Get up here, damn it!” I ordered.

I held my hand over the side as a clear sign of what she needed to do.

She looked up at me and opened her mouth to say something.

“You can do it,” I said in a reassuring voice. “Hurry!”

Hope was jittery as she sucked in mountains of air, and it reminded me we’d have to run all the way back with an extra load on her shoulders. We needed every second.

“You need to give me your hand right now, or you need to blast them with your power again,” I said as I glanced over my shoulder. There were four raptors coming out of the woods, and we only had like fifteen seconds.

“I only have two hands!” she screamed. “I can’t do anymore!”

“Then get on now or you’re going to fucking die,” I said in my ordering-animals tone of voice.

That got her full attention. She reached out her hand, and I yanked her up across my lap.

Then I turned and saw a group of raptors running toward us from the fort. We couldn’t ride straight back home. We were going to have to go around through the trees.

So much for a quick and easy rescue.

“Fucking go! Go! Go!” I yelled to Hope while also prodding her neck with my legs.

Hope bolted forward, and the woman in my lap screamed.

I had no time to put her behind me where she belonged. I wrestled with the rope while holding the beautiful woman by the ass to keep her from tumbling off. I kept the spear under my armpit, but it was one more thing to juggle. Hope wasn’t up to speed, and the parasaur’s movements were bouncy and unpredictable, like a lost raft at the wave pool. It was all made worse because I couldn’t focus on any one task, like telling my mount where to run.

Hope crashed through some tall saplings, and one of the branches nearly clothes-lined me right off her shoulders. She headed for a denser patch of trees. It was the perfect place for losing our pursuit if I could get my shit together.

I got back into position just in time to see a raptor overtake us on our right side, and then lunge for the woman’s long dangling legs. I flinched to the left, which put pressure on Hope’s right side. She must have read it as my desire to turn to the right because that’s where she went.

“No!” I screamed because it wasn’t where I wanted to go.

The raptor was in the air when Hope shifted course, and instead of taking a bite of the woman it smashed into the parasaur’s rigid neck. Hope let out a pained honk and veered to the side while the raptor ricocheted off, and the woman balanced on my lap let out a surprised screech.

“Hold on!” I shouted as I grabbed her tight ass. She probably had no idea how close she’d come to losing a leg from the raptor, or that she’d almost bounced off Hope’s back twenty times in the last thirty seconds.

The course change, along with my inconsistent commands and the unfamiliar woods, meant Hope wasn’t able to run at peak efficiency. If I’d just let her go with her instincts, she might have just gotten us the hell out of there, but my taming skill was playing against us at that moment.

We had to work together to survive.

Another raptor slammed into Hope’s side, and the woman screamed like a banshee. “It’s stuck to us!”

The saddle jiggled as if someone was tugging the attachment ropes. Hope immediately became less responsive, like the air had been let out of her tires, and I leaned to my right so I could see what the woman was talking about.

A fucking raptor was hanging on to the saddle by its wing, and Hope was now carrying the weight of three.

“You have to hold on,” I yelled to the woman. There was no manual on riding dinosaurs, but if there were, I’d probably be doing everything just the opposite of what it said. My pretty passenger held onto my left pant leg with a fingernail death grip while I yanked my spear from under my arm. When I write the book on riding a dinosaur, I am going to have a whole chapter on riding while distracted.

I used my thighs to hold myself onto Hope’s neck while the woman and I bounced along in the primitive saddle. At the same time, I got the spear into my right hand and aimed for the raptor hanging from the saddle rope on Hope’s flank.

The first strike missed by a mile, and the raptor let out what sounded like a mocking chuckle as it tried to free its wing from the straps.

The green-feathered monster was holding on with great determination, but I could almost see it think through how easy it would be to slash into Hope’s meaty flesh.

“Get off, you fucker!” I shouted.

I poked again and landed a strike on the inside of its mouth just as it howled at me. It didn’t draw blood, but the raptor recoiled at the foreign object, slid its wing out from the strap, and tumbled to the ground behind us. Sheela would say that was good enough to call a victory.

There was no time to celebrate. I slid the spear back under my arm and focused myself on actually getting Hope where she needed to be. We danced in and out of the thicker clumps of trees and ferns as I searched for a clearing.

The squawks of the raptors followed us. They actually sounded closer.

“Go faster!” I commanded Hope as we reached the edge of the familiar redwood trees.

Hope broke from a trot up to a run, but I knew right away she wasn’t going as fast as she had before. She still ran pretty fast as we moved through the open spaces of the redwood grove, but I wasn’t feeling the lighter-than-air sensation I felt when she was in top form. She must have been getting tired, and it made sense. She had been running a long time at max speed.

“Oh, no! There’s more of those things,” the woman shouted. “I want to sit up!”

I didn’t blame her, but there was no time to shuffle in our seats.

“Just stay still! We’re almost home,” I replied as I pulled my hand off of her ass. Almost as soon as I let my hand off, Hope leapt over a log, and I had to smack the woman’s butt cheek to keep her down on my lap.

“Home? We’re going back to Candraria?” she asked with a gasp.

“What? No. I meant we’re almost back at the fort. Now hang on!”

I lost the advantage of being somewhat concealed among the little evergreens and bushes back where we’d picked up the woman. The redwoods were more open, and now the whole pack of raptors knew where we were. A handful of the original chasers trailed behind us, but others were closing in from many other directions.

There were a lot of these fuckers.

I tried to pick the place toward home with the fewest little shits and then aimed Hope in that direction. It was a particularly ancient redwood with a large number of ferns growing around its base.

“Right there,” I said to myself as I guided Hope to the right side of the tree.

Some of the raptors hung back like they were also running out of steam, but there were plenty of them still nipping at our ass. I brought Hope alongside the tree and then tried to kick her into overdrive as we made the left turn, just as we did with the carno. She gave me her best, and for a few seconds, I felt that magical sensation of flying while riding her back, but we didn’t get far enough away before the main field of raptors rounded the tree behind us. I glanced back even as Hope was slowing down. She’d given us a little space, but there wasn’t enough time.

We weren’t going to make it.

“Come on, girl. You can do this,” I said with an empathetic voice.

“Don’t slow down. They are right behind us!” The woman was able to look backward easier than me because she was lying across my lap.

“Can you use your powers again?” I shouted as her fingers dug into my thighs like nails.

“Are you dumb? I only have two hands!”

“What does that mean?” I shouted in reply. “I know you have two hands!”

“Then why are you asking me to use my Lance again?” she asked.

“Never-fucking-mind!” I shouted down. I didn’t have time to figure out how her ability worked. We had to get back to the fort.

We came around another redwood tree, and I immediately recognized how close we were to the wall. If Hope was at full speed we’d be back in under a minute, but, she was still slowing. I needed a plan, or we were going to be swarmed, and then killed, and then eaten.

So I slowed her even more.

“What are you doing?” the woman screamed in a panicked voice.

I was making a gamer’s decision on the battlefield. Hope wasn’t going to make it if I tried to run her the whole way. We weren’t that far, but it was all open ground.

“This is where it gets tough,” I said. “I have to beat off the ones at the front, or they will take us down. You sure you can’t use your Lance thingy?”

“No! Why do you keep asking?” she turned to look up at me, but then her eyes widened when she saw our pursuers.

Hope now ran at a decent trot, but it was far under the pace needed to escape all the green feathered fuckers around us. I guided her toward a sequoia I recognized; it was the one just across the open field behind the fort.

More green raptors appeared in one’s and two’s on both our sides. Some almost seemed to hesitate when they saw Hope bounding by with apparent lack of concern for predators. But that pause didn’t last for long.

Another raptor ran up from behind and sprang onto Hope’s left side. The parasaur turned left and right to try to shake the stowaway, but the raptor held fast to her scales as well as the over-the-back rope harness.

“Come on, you little fucker!” I yelled at it. It was crazy hard to turn myself enough that I could wield my spear, but I managed to get just far enough I could point it in the direction of the feathery bastard now standing on Hope’s back.

I caught a glimpse of another raptor that ran at us from the side, but I could only deal with one at a time.

And there were a dozen more approaching.

I did one fast swing with my spear and then shot a glance toward our front. I made one little correction to Hope’s path, fought against my terror, and then gave the raptor my full attention.

The raptor shifted a bit as Hope adjusted her path, but didn’t tumble over the side. Instead, it chose that moment to lunge at me.

I braced the spear under my right arm and pointed it at the leaping lizard. I didn’t think I could thrust with one hand while doing all my other shit, so I planned to use my spear differently.

The raptor advanced along the ridge of Hope’s back with its mouth leading the charge. I countered by wedging the spear under the raptor’s tiny wing, then I used the pole to shove the beast aside, and momentum knocked the flapping creature over the edge. I felt the fallen attacker bounce off my foot as it tumbled into the dirt below.

We approached the final tree on our route, and I shifted our path toward home one last time. I managed to keep Hope to the slower trotting pace as we neared the tree, but I sped her up as we made the turn. The fort appeared only a few dozen yards ahead of us, and I felt a bit of relief flood my stomach.

“There it is!” I shouted to my dinosaur.

I asked her for a run, and she gave it to me, but Hope’s once-majestic breathing was now ragged and wet.

“Come on, Hope. You can make it,” I yelled.

I couldn’t accept that we’d die within sight of our home.

We had to make one last push.

“Galmine! We’re coming in!” I screamed as I directed Hope toward the gate. I could almost hear the raptors panting behind us, and the woman in my lap started begging me to go faster.

Hope hit her stride for a few precious seconds as we cruised across the first half of the open ground, but too soon she shifted back down to a tired trot. I spun around to see the raptors coming around the tree and slinking out of the ferns on both sides of the trunk. We’d been going much too slow to fool them with direction changes.

They knew exactly where we were heading.

Trel and Sheela were still doing their jobs as distractions. A big bunch of dinos stood below Trel as she hung on the side of the wall, making it look as if she was teaching some kind of class. Sheela was on top of the wall beside the spider-woman, and she was making quick stabs at raptors that tried to jump up the wall.

There were no raptors at the gate and my vision tunneled on the door.

“Victor, I’m ready!” Galmine yelled from inside the fort.

“I’m coming!” I shouted, but Hope was definitely dragging ass as we crossed those final yards of the clearing.

She was dragging lots of ass.

I now heard the raptors’ breaths from behind me like a chorus of angry steam engines. It sounded like they were running out of gas, but Hope’s tank was pretty much empty.

“We’re going to die,” the pink-haired woman said in despair as she gazed behind. It felt like we’d come to a complete stop, especially in comparison to just a few seconds ago.

I turned around to see what she was looking at but instantly regretted the choice. The forest was alive with green-feathered monsters. If I’d known there were going to be this many raptors, I probably would have just stayed in the fort.

Too late now, and I wanted to live.

“The fuck we are!” I yelled back. “Come on, Hope. One last push! Come on girl! We aren’t going to die today!”

My mount wheezed horribly, but her feet started to pump again, and she bent forward to give it her last push of energy. The walls of our new fort grew closer, and it looked like we were going to make it.

Then I heard a chomp behind us and turned to see the one-eyed raptor. He’d closed the distance and was trying to take a bite out of Hope’s tail.

An instant before we hit the gate, Sheela pushed it open and stepped out while screaming. She shot off to my right side and ran along the base of the barricade, going away from the entryway.

“Sheela?” I cried out.

While Hope navigated into the swinging door, I got a last look at Sheela running for her life around the bend in the wall. She dragged her spear against each log to make a loud distraction, and I realized she was still playing the part of decoy.

The raptors screeched loudly as a group and I thought they’d finally catch us, but instead of ganging up to take down the giant slowpoke, the raptors peeled off and went for the easier target they saw in Sheela.

Hope came off her back legs onto all fours and practically crawled through the swinging door. I had to crouch down toward the new girl on my lap while we went under the hinge. I kept it from falling on my head with one arm until it dropped onto Hope’s scaly back.

As the door shut behind us, I nudged Hope around because I wanted her to sit in front of the gate again. A greasy bundle of green feathers slithered through the side of the unlocked door, and the raptor charged into our fort and hopped onto our log pile like it was claiming the place.

All I could see at that moment was Galmine standing with nothing but the locking ropes in her hands.

And the one-eyed raptor moving toward her.

“Oh, fuck! Galmine!” I shouted as I pushed the pink-haired woman off my lap, dropped off Hope’s neck, and sprinted the little ways toward the rock woman standing at the gate. The monster turned its one eye away from Galmine as I stood in front of her, and the thing let out an angry hiss that sounded like a boiling tea kettle.

Yeah, fuck you, too, asshole.

I mentally commanded Hope to sit in front of the door, and I prayed that none of the other green feathered assholes would push through before I could lock it again.

“Raptor inside the fort!” I yelled as I thrust my spear at the Great Dane sized monster.

“I’m pulling Sheela up from the other side!” I heard Trel yell, but I was too busy with the raptor to look at them.

The green-feathered dino ducked back against my thrust, hissed at me again and then lunged forward to snap at me. This guy seemed bigger than the others, and I guessed he probably weighed as much as me. My spear gave me a bit of an edge against him in combat and I was able to step away from his snapping jaws and then jab him in the chest.

I made a few more thrusts at the one-eyed asshole to get him away from Galmine and back toward the woodpile. The little raptor hissed in a sound I’d not heard before, and he crouched low.

The stance reminded me of the rattlesnake I’d captured at Lacey’s house.

“Galmine, move back,” I whispered. “He’s going to pounce.”

I planted my feet in a fighting crouch as Sheela taught me, and then I braced my spear. The raptor sprung forward just as Ernie had done, and time seemed to stand still. My life froze as if I was taking a picture and studying it. The woman with the pink hair had her mouth opened in a scream. Galmine was trying to run to my left. Sheela and Trel were sprinting toward me, and the one-eyed raptor hung in mid-air with his maw opened. His jaws were aimed at my throat, but his small wings were back, and his chest was bearing down on me.

That gave me the perfect opportunity to aim right for where i thought his heart would be.

The raptor let out a nasty screech as he arrived, but my spear sang a sweeter song as it sank into the rogue dinosaur’s ribs. I was forced to take a step back, but then I tried to fling him to my right so he would stay away from Hope and Galmine. His head tilted in my direction as we did the deadly dance, and the son of a bitch whipped his tail right across my shins before he wiggled free of my weapon.

I winced in pain but ignored it.

I was left holding my bloody spear as the animal scrambled in the dust near the base of the sequoia.

The little shit got to its feet and howled at me. Blood poured down from his chest, and I was sure I’d taken out one of its lungs, but the bastard didn’t seem to be slowing down.

“Fucking die already!” I yelled at it. I got back into a crouch, again putting myself between that killing machine and my friends. The burning abrasion on my legs wasn’t going to prevent me from getting this done.

It took a few steps toward me, but before it could do its jump of death thing, a spear ripped through the air from over my shoulder and tore through the upper part of the raptor’s chest.

The javelin caused the dinosaur to fall backward and exhale with a hiss, but the little thing somehow stayed on its feet, which was my cue to go in for the kill. I gripped my spear, took a deep breath, and lunged toward him.

“Fuck you!” I screamed as I stabbed.

I aimed for where I’d already done some damage and hit it perfectly. Once I made contact, I pushed with every muscle in my body to drive that spear right through its feathery body.

“Die,” I growled when I let go of the weapon. My enemy fell over on its side with both spears in its body and began twitching like a chicken with its head cut off.

Then it was over.

“Victor, are you okay?” Galmine asked as she laid her hand on my shoulder. “It hit you with its tail.”

“Yeah, I’m fine,” I said as I limped the two steps between us and wrapped my arms around her waist. The pain in my legs wasn’t going to ruin me. It was comparable to a full-on running kick in the shins from back in my soccer playing days. I panted like crazy and struggled to catch my breath while Galmine’s lips came up to mine. We kissed, and my body numbed with pleasure, but I kept my eye on the dying raptor the whole time just in case the fucker somehow got up to his feet.

“I’m so happy you are alive,” Galmine whispered when our lips parted.

“Yeah, me too,” I laughed, and then saw the raptor make one last spasm before lying still.

“I’m so fucking glad to see you,” I said as Trel wrapped her arms around me.

“I had no doubt you would be fine,” Trel said with a laugh. “You could have been a bit faster, though.”

I laughed at her joke, relieved to be alive.

“Here’s your hat.” Trel’s spider leg lifted it from her head and then maneuvered it onto mine so that her human arms didn’t have to unwrap from their embrace.

“Thanks,” I said as I stared into her black eyes.

“And here is a kiss,” she whispered, and our lips came together passionately.

Her mouth was hot like a fire, and she growled softly while our tongues battled for dominance. I don’t know how long I spent kissing the beautiful spider-woman, but I never wanted to stop.

“Ahem,” Sheela cleared her throat, and Trel and I parted our lips and tongues with a sigh. “I tied off the ropes, Victor,” the cat-woman continued as she pointed to the door.

“Ugh, can’t you see we were busy?” Trel groaned. “We know you locked the door!”

“It’s okay,” I chuckled as I gently pushed Trel out of our passionate embrace.

“Are you alright?” I asked Sheela giving her a good up and down to ensure she wasn’t hurt.

“I am,” she said with a nod. “We all are, thanks to you.” Her eyes glowed their amber color.

“Then come give me a hug,” I said as I opened my arms to the blonde woman.

She came to me instantly, and while we didn’t kiss, I could feel Sheela vibrate in my embrace. It was almost like she was purring, but I didn’t hear a sound.

“Aww, looks so sappy,” Trel said, but I could tell she was trying to fight against her tears.

“Get in here. This is a group hug,” I said to Trel and Galmine.

Soon we were all in a tight embrace though each of us still breathed heavily from our adventures.

“We are safe,” I whispered to the three women. “We made it. We are going to live. You all did a great job.”

“It was you, Victor,” Sheela whispered as her head lay against my shoulder.

“We are a team,” I corrected. “As long as we work--”

“What is this place? Who are you people? Why do those women look so strange? What are those creatures?” Why--” the pink-haired woman poured question after question, as if the faucet of her speech had been left wide open.

“What’s your name?” I interrupted her.

The pink-haired woman stood next to Hope, and I was suddenly impressed that she’d managed to climb down without any help. I tried not to judge her by appearances, but she didn’t look like she could last a day in the forest, especially in those high heels.

“My name is Kacerie Chandanowin,” she said at a much slower speed.

“Nice to meet you, Kacerie. This is Sheela, Galmine, and Trel,” I said as I nodded my head to each of them in turn. “I’m Victor. That beautiful creature behind you is Hope.”

“What is--” she started to say.

“Would you like to join us?” My words were meant literally for our hug, but I also meant them in the broader sense that she was welcome to join our family.

“Uhhh, I think I’ll pass,” she said as she crossed her arms over her chest.

“These are good people, Kacerie. You are safe.” My three friends hugged me tighter after I said the words, but then they also reached out to the frightened newcomer.

“No, I need some fucking answers,” she said, but then Hope let out a short melodic note, and the woman stepped away from the parasaur. The woman’s stiletto heel got caught on a bunch of pine needles, and she almost tripped. “Ugh! Shoes!”

“You should take those off,” I replied.

“Fine.” She hesitated for a moment but seemed to work out that her big city stiletto heels had no place here. She reached down to unlatch each ankle strap, which gave me a moment to admire her figure as she bent at the waist. Rather than dwell too much on her breasts, the smooth curve of her ass, or even her crazy pink hair, I took note of her surprising dexterity as she undid the latches of each strap.

My gamer’s mind was already trying to guess her stats. Low strength was a no-brainer if her thin arms were any indication, but stamina would be a mystery until I could see her work and run. But, damn, watching her bend over with ease suggested she had high dexterity for sure, and I wondered why she kept telling me she only had two hands to use her power.

“Now tell me what’s going on,” she said as she dangled her shoes from her pointer finger.

I opened my mouth to reply, but a shudder ran through me. I wanted to talk to Kacerie. I wanted to tell her what was going on. I wanted to know about her history and world. I wanted to learn her special ability and start planning our next steps.

But I’d been up for almost two-weeks straight and just performed a drive-by dino rescue. My body, brain, and soul couldn’t take anymore.

“They will tell you,” I said as I tried to wiggle out of my friends’ embrace. “I need to sleep.”

“Wait,” Kacerie said as if to catch me. “I need to know about this place. How do we go home? How--”

“I will explain it to her,” Sheela said as if she was in charge of orientation.

“Thank you, Sheela,” I nearly slurred. Adrenaline was the glue that had been holding me up the past few hours, and now it was fading fast.

The women let me leave their hug, and I stumbled into the hut. Once inside, I tossed a log on the low fire and picked one of the leaf beds Galmine had created for us. It wasn’t as fancy as the one I’d planned so long ago, but here, simple was almost always better.

I took some gulps from the water jug and then fell heavily into the bed. I was sure the raptors were still circling our home like sharks, but the wall was stout enough to hold them. I let go of my fears and put my trust in the hard work and solid construction that got us here. That’s how I would finally get to sleep.

An instant or an hour later, Jinx pecked lightly at the side of my face. I opened my heavy eyes and returned his inquisitive expression as he stood there watching me.

“What is it? More dinosaurs? More birds?” I mumbled as I rolled over.

“No, Victor. Just me.”

I found Galmine standing in front of me. She’d pulled Trel’s curtain across the door to the hut, so we had some privacy.

The rock-skinned woman released the silver locks from her ponytail, and it fell around her shoulders as she shook it free with her hands. Her emerald eyes were deep wells of beauty in the low light of the fire. The illusion of clothing was gone completely, and her perfume was a heavenly reminder of our sexually charged chase over the last few weeks. Galmine put all her weight to one side and placed her hand on her hip as if impatiently waiting for me to do something.

“Well?” she pouted.

“Well, what?” I replied with a growing smile.

“You’ve tamed me, Victor,” Galmine said with a sultry voice. “And now I’m going to collect on all those times we had to put this off. Your body is mine for tonight, and it’s the only thing that can control the waves of hot magma inside me. So are you going to get out of those clothes, or do I have to rip them off?”

I laid there savoring the moment, knowing exactly what was going to happen next. I got thrown into this world and found myself without a hope of salvation until I met these incredible women. I spent a little over four weeks proving I could make good on my promise to take care of them.

I had delivered, and now one of them wanted to pay me back.

Who was I to say no?

“Well, I am pretty tired,” I said with a smirk. “I don’t know if I have enough energy to take off my clothes.”

“Then I will take them off, and do all the work,” she answered as she slowly stepped toward me. “I will serve your desires for every night we are together. I will be yours, just as our other friends, this camp, and Hope are. Maybe you will grow stronger, and you will find more women and dinosaurs to tame? Maybe you will be a king on this savage world?”

“Ha,” I chuckled as she knelt beside me. “That just sounds like a lot of work. I’m happy we are alive, and I’m happy that you are here right now with me.”

“I am too, I love you. Now, let me show you how much.” Her hand reached for my shirt and slowly began to unbutton the front.

“Damn, it’s good to be the king,” I whispered before Galmine kissed me.

End of book 1





Thank you for reading this novel! What was your favorite part of Tamer? Which woman do you like the best? Do you want to read another Tamer novel? Let us know in your review!



A letter from the author:

Dear reader, if you REALLY want to read the next Tamer novel- We’ve got a bit of bad news for you. Unfortunately, Amazon will not tell you when book 2 comes out. They also won’t tell you when book 3, 4, 5 etc... are published. You’ll probably never know about our next books, and you’ll be left wondering what happened to Victor, Sheela, Galmine, and Trel. That’s rather tragic.

There is good news though! There are three ways you can find out when the next book is published:



1) You join Michael-Scott’s mailing list by clicking here. When you join, you’ll also get his fantasy novella Rose Boy for free-- as well as concept art for his best selling Star Justice series.



2) You join Michael-Scott’s Facebook Fan group and follow him on his Facebook page. Then you’ll know when he comes out with a new book.



3) You follow Michael-Scott on Amazon. You can do this by going to the store page of this book and clicking on the Follow button that is under their pictures. If you follow us, Amazon will send you an email when we publish a book. You’ll just have to make sure you check the emails they send.



Doing any of these, or all three for best results, will ensure you find out about our next book when it is published. If you don’t, Amazon will never tell you about our next release. Please take a few seconds to do one of these so that you’ll be able to join Victor, Sheela, Trel, and Galmine on their next adventure.



-----------------------



Want more harem novels? You’ll love Michael-Scott’s International best selling Star Justice series!

Get it here:

USA

UK

Germany

Australia

Canada



Like novels with game stats and progression? You might love Michael-Scott’s best selling Lion’s Quest series!

Get it here:

USA

UK

Germany

Australia

Canada



You might also like Will Arand’s Super Sales on Super Heroes novel.

Get it here:

USA

UK

Germany

Australia

Canada



To find out more about Michael-Scott and his novels please visit:

www.michaelscottearle.com





Editing by Ginger Earle, Nick Kuhns, Diane Velasquez, Deborah Haggitt, Jacqueline Miles (who also edits my audio books), Debbie Elholm, Holly Lenz, Wanda Jewell, Cody Elyko, Jay Taylor, Lucas Luvith, Anthony DePaolo, and Kenneth Smith.



This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Copyright © 2017 by Michael-Scott Earle





