THE EAORL





“War never takes a wicked man by chance;

the good man always.”

Sophocles





Book 2 of “The Casere”



By



Michael O’Neill





thecasere.wordpress.com



For contact information, maps, family trees and extra ‘stuff’





© 2014, Michael O’Neill





All rights reserved.

This is a work of fiction. Names, places, businesses, characters and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, actual events or locales is purely coincidental.





Cover art by Darko Tomic.

All rights reserved.





ACKNOWLEDGMENTS



Culture and society are bound into concepts embedded in language and to create something of a framework, the historic language that provided inspiration for words for this world is Anglo-Saxon, and the source of some of the words is the eBook “A Concise Anglo-Saxon Dictionary; For the Use of Students” by J. R. Clark.



People names are Anglo Saxon or Viking in origin, and are inspired by names generated by the website www.gamedecor.com; there are a lot of names in the four books (and the thousand years of genealogy) and I’m truly grateful for its existence.



Place names are also inspired by history and positioned into time and space of my own imagination. A wonderful resource is the maps created by Thomas Lessman at www.worldhistorymaps.info. Again, thank you.





DEDICATION





For Di and Hollie with much love. Your support is treasured.



And A; thank you for your input and guidance. Very much appreciated.



And to those that read ‘The Aebeling’, and wrote kinds things.

I thank you for the encouragement and for caring what happens “next”.

I hope you continue to enjoy the story.





GLOSSARY



I have used Anglo Saxon and Old English words within the text instead of using modern words. The words are genuine and can be found here: http://hord.ca/projects/eow/ or here: http://bosworth.ff.cuni.cz/



~cuman = Come, go, happen

Æþeling = Aebeling – Prince

An, Twa, Prie = One, two three

Bedda – from ge-bedda, a bed fellow, consort

Bocere = Scribe, writer, scholar

Cirice = church

Folctoga = commander of leader

Folgere = follower, disciple

Feorhhyrde = Life guardian, protector

Feorrancund = having a distant origin

Friman = Freeman, Ceorl, (the class above Tilia and below Thane)

Fryd = army

Gyden = goddess

Healdend = one who rules, guardian (King)

Tilia = cultivator of land, villein

Theow -> þeów = a servant, slave, thrall

Wealdend = controller, master (Queen)

Wiga, folcwiga = warrior





Prologue


The arrival out of nowhere of the wiga Conn il Taransay caused no little bemusement amongst the Twacuman (the second born of all peoples) in the lands called Halani, but they quickly become accustomed to his presence. After all, they were indebted to him because he saved the life of their princess, and only heir to her grandmother Brina, Wealdend (Queen) of Halani. What probably caused them more confusion was his ability to understand the spoken language of the Twacuman – it was considered a gift from the Gyden (Goddesses), and last one so gifted had died hundreds of years previously. The ability to understand all language without the need to be able to speak it was given to all people in Meshech by the Gyden – but never the ability to understand the language of the Twacuman – they spoke one of the Priecuman (the third born) languages to be understood. Strangely, the Gyden were unusually silent on his presence; as was the child that he had with one of the Twacuman – Priecuman were not supposed to be able to impregnate a Twacuman.

Of course, the confusion he caused amongst the Twacuman was nothing like what he caused amongst the Priecuman nobles after he moved from Halani to Lykia. After purchasing a few demesnes, he was soon the most powerful noble in Lykia – amassing land, power, wealth – and children – at an unfathomable rate. Then again, he knows a lot of things that they don’t.

Along the way he was able to significantly annoy the Rakians kingdom in the south – and their secretive Ancuman (first born) allies – to the extent that they – unsuccessfully – tried to have him killed. He was also known to get rid of people – by whatever means – who go in his way, until Lykia was pretty much running how he wanted it to.

Moving east to Moetia, he successfully unsettles everyone, upset the visiting Aebeling (Prince) of Rakia and manoeuvred to have the vacant position of Aebeling of Lykia filled with a person of his choice. Not content to rest on his laurels, Conn then decided to assist the Wealdend of Trokia far to the east because she and her demesne were being attacked by Gatina and their Rakian (and Ancuman) allies. Because of his meddling, he has been singularly successful in getting the Ancuman Gyden to hate him intensely – and one never knows what can happen to you if you really upset a Gyden.

He particularly upsets her when he steals one of her children – a wiga princess – who he makes his slave. It was an accident – she started the fight – he finished it.

In order to help Trokia, Conn needs to pass through Kania and the ruler of Kania is a stooge of Rakia and is intent on stopping Conn at any cost – including raising an army of three thousand to stand in his way. Not to put off by trifles such as a three to one disadvantage, Conn first invades Kania and steals the daughter of the brother of the Aebeling – a man currently in exile, and readies his army to invade Kania. Nothing is ever as easy as it seems.





Chapter 01


It was now late autumn in the year 867 – just 867 years since the great flood that set back civilization hundreds of years and from which they measured their survival, and just six years since Conn il Taransay first “arrived” in Halani – and it could be argued about which one had had the biggest impact on the planet! Having arrived in Moetia in the summer, it was now autumn and he was returning to the town after a fortuitous trip to the neighboring but generally hostile demesne of Kania, where he had taken the rebel Aebeling of Kania’s daughter hostage.

As they rode through the guard house of Moesiak, it was pouring rain. Conn identified himself to the guards, and, with the gates open, they continued their way to the Inn. The cold and somewhat unseasonal heavy rain had made the trip from Shekem in Kania to Moetiak take much longer than it should, and as uncomfortable asit was for the riders, it would have been much more uncomfortable for those gathering in makeshift tents over the border, waiting for him to ‘invade’.

It had taken them longer because they had paused to check the training of Conn’s fyrd, who, despite being relatively small in number, was quickly becoming extremely lethal – due to a combination of the best training, the best horses and the best equipment ever seen in Meshech. Conn’s years of breeding horses and manufacturing and stockpiling weapons and armour was now proving extremely worthwhile.

The mere presence of the fyrd made everyone nervous – including the Healdend of Moetia who had given permission for it to be assembled on his lands. He could do little else now but trust Conn, as there was really nothing he could do about it now anyway. That horse has truly bolted.

Conn had ridden into Moetiak with Derryth il Halani, Halla of Cyme – his theow, his protégé Arlen il Batra, and Brit il Dor – his ‘hostage’. As part of his negotiations with her father, he had requested that Brit become bedda to Arlen once she was sixteen – which would be next spring. It had been amusing to see the tomboy constantly verbally sparing with the young man – as well as see him become smitten with the young firebrand. Sometimes, it wasn’t verbal – Halla had been instructed to train Brit every day for an hour in combat techniques – and as the women of Cyme were considered some of the best fighters – male or female – in all know worlds, it was not long before she was Arlen’s equal. Conn and Derryth trained him as well – so he could stand his ground.

With the horses handed over in the livery, they raced into the Inn that was Conn’s home in the town, and sat by its roaring fires trying to stop shaking. After several tankards of ales and cups of coffee – as well as a hot and delicious stew, they finally felt able to speak. Brit, just fifteen, and who had spent most of her life living in the wilds of Shekem while her father was an exile and a ‘rebel’, was not accustomed to living in a modern town; and she soon started to explore the most modern building she had ever seen. She was fascinated.

Aerlene, Eaorl of Susa, and coincidentally current bedda to Conn, was waiting inside the warm and dry confines of the Inn. She had returned to the town a month earlier when Conn left for Kania so that she could prepare for the birth of her babies – by doing a lot of shopping. Before Conn, Aerlene had been bedda to the last surviving Eaorl of Susa – who, despite several bedda, was unable to sire a surviving child. Aerlene herself had one stillborn and lost another soon after birth, and was very hopeful this time of having healthy babies. The Folgere had told her that the Gyden Badb wanted her to have healthy babies – she was carrying twins, as was typical of Conn and his fathering skills.

Aerlene, was astonished to meet his new companions; Brit il Dor and Derryth il Halani. It had been a long time since she had met a visitor from Halani, and she was truly shocked – especially to see how familiar he and Conn were. She hid her surprise by focusing on Brit. Aerlene pretended to be horrified at the sight of her.

‘This will never do – she hardly looks like a girl! She needs a bath, new clothes, her hair done, makeup… but I do see some promise.’

‘She looks like a girl to me.’ Arlen added hopefully. He was still seriously in her bad books.

‘That just shows what level of taste you have then doesn’t it, war monger.’ Brit responded. The conversation was two weeks old, but she still hadn’t let it go.

After promising the girl that tomorrow they would do more shopping, she was taken to her room and was sent to bed. It had been a long time for Brit to see a bed and mattress, in a building with more luxury than even the Aebeling of Kania, and she fell asleep as soon as her head hit the feather mattress.

After a hot bath, Conn joined Aerlene in bed and held her close; he patted her growing tummy. She scolded him.

‘You lied to me.’

Conn tried to look surprised. Everything about him was a lie.

‘About what exactly...’ He kissed her neck just in case he needed to distract her.

‘About the curse – there is no curse.’

Conn had told her that he was under a Gyden’s curse – which is what he was told by a Folgere – and was the reason why he “almost” always had twins with his bedda. Conn waited for her to continue.

‘Badb told Morna that she doesn’t feel anything about you is cursed. Besides, Morna only had a single child with you.’

‘And what about all my children being girls?’ Well, nearly all. His eldest, Jowan, was a boy, but his mother was a Twacuman which wasn’t normal anyway. He didn’t think that Badb knew about him anyway – not many people did.

Conn was a blank sheet to the Gyden in Meshech – they communicated with their followers by connecting to their auras – as well as minds in the case of the Healdends – but despite the numerous dalliances he had had with the Folgere, priestess of the Gyden, they had yet to “feel” his aura. In the trows of orgasmic bliss in the arms of a sex crazed Folgere, the aura had no protection against the probing of a Gyden – except Conn of course. To their ongoing frustration, he remained impenetrable.

He could communicate via his thoughts with a Gyden – just like the Healdend – but to their even greater annoyance he had the ability to shut them out. He had done so when he returned to Moetiak. He found it extremely annoying to have a “presence” lurking in the back of your head. He was also unusual in that he was the only known person who could communicate with all the different Gyden. He didn’t tell anyone that either. These were questions to which there were no answers.

Aerlene shook her head. ‘Nope – nothing to do with her either. As I said, you fibbed. So maybe I’ll have two boys. Anyway, tell me what you did in Kania…’

Conn told her everything that had happened.

‘And you think it will work? Will Esras turn up?’

‘He has no reason not to.’ He continued to kiss her neck and started to undo her nightgown.

She ignored him ‘And Derryth? Have you warned my brother?’

‘No – should I have?’ Conn lifted the gown off the now naked Aerlene.

She giggled as she drew him close. ‘You are pure evil – you know that?’

~x010~



The next morning, Aerlene arranged to take Brit shopping at sunrise; waking the shopkeeper from his slumber. After returning and changing, Brit joined them as they prepared to leave for the castle. When Arlen saw her, his jaw dropped.

Brit smiled at him for the first time and actually twirled. ‘Much better response; so do you still want to go to war?’

Arlen let that one pass; he knew he was on a hiding to nothing.

Halla was melancholy. ‘You have done well, Aerlene. I remember her mother because she was so very beautiful; it is like looking at her.’

A messenger had been sent to the donjon to request an audience with Driscol, and he arrived back to say that Driscol was waiting for them.

‘Come, the Healdend is waiting. He is not going to have a good day. Everything I do seems to annoy him.’

Aerlene pointed out the obvious. ‘You could have warned him about Derryth…’

Conn smiled mischievously. ‘Why – that would ruin all my fun.’

A short walk from the Inn along the street found them at the donjon, and as they travelled silence surrounded them. People parted and stopped as they saw Conn and Derryth walk together.

Conn looked at the surprise on the faces of the people they passed. It was not fear or distain – it was reverence and astonishment. He looked back at Derryth in confusion.

‘When was the last time the Twacuman visited Moetiak?’

‘Over two hundred years ago I think – my great grandfather’s father was an emissary of Halani and travelled to all the Priecuman towns every now and then. It was not long after that we stopped visiting.’

‘Do we know why?’

Derryth shook his head. ‘If I was Wothbora, I might. But I don’t.’

As they walked into the great hall, the noise level dropped until the only person talking was the Healdend, and that was because he was facing the other way, talking to Bran, his son; who had stopped paying attention and was staring at Conn’s group as they arrived.

Driscol, with the silence noticeable, stopped and turned around. When he saw Derryth, he actually dropped his mug, and then dropped into his chair.

‘Told you’, Conn said to Brit as they walked towards him. ‘He hates surprises’.

Before they got to the Healdend, Ana raced out and jumped into her father’s arms. Giving him a hug, she turned to Derryth. ‘Hello Derryth, My name is Ana. Badb says welcome.’

Derryth almost stumbled, and he looked at her. Conn introduced her and reassured him; ‘Don’t mind her; she has a direct line to Badb.’

‘That may be so, but how does the Gyden Badb know my name?’

When they got to Driscol, his glass had been rescued and refilled. The hall though was still very silent.

‘Healdend, I’d like to introduce Derryth il Halani, and Brit, daughter of Esras, uncle of the current Aebeling of Kania.’

Driscol gathered his wits. ‘When you say current, it brings a bad taste to my mouth, Thane. Welcome back. Life is just so boring when you are not around.’ He commented sarcastically. He looked to Derryth. ‘You honour the house of Moetia by your attendance, Derryth il Halani. It has been a very long time since these halls have been so graced. ‘

Derryth bowed respectfully. ‘Yes, it was my ancestor Wilwar who visited here to meet with his friend Faolan, Healdend of Moetia. The description of this hall has been passed down to me. I see it hasn’t changed much.’

They all laughed at the joke, and Driscol continued. ‘We are doubly honoured then that the scion of the man my family called a friend is here to visit. The records of Faolan have much to say about the visits of the Twacuman. To what do we owe the honour?’

‘Healdend, I am only here because my friend Conn il Haran needed my assistance, and given that interesting things seem to happen around him, I thought I’d tag along for a while. As you say, life can be so boring without him around.’

‘I understand your predicament. Life has not been the same since he arrived in …

Suddenly Derryth grabbed his head, as if struck by an object; Conn leapt to his feet as if to attack an unseen foe but there was nothing around. Conn was about to ask what was wrong as Derryth waved him down.

‘I beg your pardon, Healdend, but it may be that something greater than chance has brought me here. There is something lost in your donjon; and it is calling me. I can’t tell what it is. But it belonged once to one of Halani.’

Everyone looked confused except Anna. The young child walked over to Driscol and held out her arms. He instinctively picked her up. ‘Grandfather, why don’t you show Derryth the medallion that you carry.’

Driscoll looked at Ana in surprise, and putting her down, he reached into his pocket, and retrieved a hide pouch. He handed it to Derryth.

Derryth opened the pouch carefully and removed a medallion from its pouch and he held it in his hand. He sighed. ‘This was given by my ancestor to your ancestor as a sign of true friendship. It is not lost – but why is it in a pouch, in your pocket?’

‘I can’t wear it, it burns my skin; and makes me feel unwell. My father had a red wound on his chest where it lay.’

Derryth looked surprised. ‘Then something or someone has done something that made the relationship between our houses an untruth. A medallion like this will refuse to be worn if a friend becomes a false friend.’

Derryth looked around and he saw Driscol’s grandson, who despite the efforts of Ana was still sickly and in poor health. ‘Your grandson also appears to carry the affliction. Has your house always been sickly?’

Driscol nodded. ‘It has been a hard time for my house to keep heirs. I am the third son, and my father was the fourth son, though we are long lived. Bram’, he pointed to his son ‘had three elder brothers die, and I only have one grandson, Alduini.’

He sat down, and Ana sat on his lap. ‘But it is not possible – my father and his fathers before him have always considered those of Halani in the highest esteem. It is not possible that they dishonoured the pledge.’

Ana whispered in his ear.

‘But it’s not possible.’ he repeated. Driscol looked quite stressed now, and under pressure. Ana whispered again, and he sat with his eyes closed, with her on his lap.

Ana must have told him to open his mind fully, giving Badb open access, and after about five minutes, he opened his eyes, and there were tears on his face. He wiped them off.

‘My grandfather died quite young, as did his father and his father before him – to the reign of Faolan. Faolan had two sons who survived him – the eldest was Earpwald – who died without children soon after he became Healdend, and his younger brother Egan then became Healdend. Egan died when my ancestor was five.’

Ana returned to Conn while Driscol got up now and walked around, collecting wine before sitting beside Conn and Derryth. ‘I mentioned that Faolan had journals that mentioned the visits of those of Halani. I recall that they also mentioned visits from Piada. He wrote that they were seafarers, and they visited all the Meshech, trading goods. There is much written about a visit – it was the last time anyone from Piada ever visited Moetia.’

‘Did something happen?’

Driscol nodded. ‘Yes – I recall that one of the Twacuman died here. A girl, I believe, who it is written was so beautiful that wherever she walked, men would follow; who would talk, and all would listen.’ He smiled ruefully. ‘My ancestor was quite eloquent in his description of her.’

Conn asked if he knew what the cause of her death was.

Driscol shook his heath. ‘Some accident I believe – but I know that a wergild was paid – a large one – so I can only assume that the accident was caused by one of the family.’ He looked to Derryth sharply. ‘And you say there is a curse?’

‘Not so much a curse; more of a warning that a reckoning needs to happen. What is obvious is that the wergild did not satisfy the debt – and there must have been dishonesty in the remorse shown.’

‘So the matter is not settled?’

Derryth considered the matter. ‘No, and for the shame to be transferred to your line then your ancestor must have shared in the guilt, and so it remains in your house.’

‘Derryth, if there is a matter to be settled – I do not know how to pay the price as I …’ Driscol paused and stood abruptly. ‘My father spoke of a jewel box – he said that it was his father’s and his father before him. He would not allow anyone to touch it – I think I only saw it once as a child and then discovered it again after I became Healdend. It had been hidden away.’ Driscol sent one of the servants for the box, and they waited for his return.

It didn’t take long for the box to return; it was in a much larger box. Driscol opened the box, removed the smaller item and handed it to Derryth. The box was beautifully handcrafted and ornate; about ten inches by five. Derryth opened the lid and peered inside – the box was empty.

‘There is nothing there – when I found it, it was the same. The box itself would appear to be made by Priecuman craeftiga – not Twacuman. I don’t even know if it is relevant.’

Ana, who was sitting on Conn’s lap again, whispered in his ear. ‘Badb says it’s in the box.’

Conn told him and Driscol picked up the box in frustration, ‘But the box is empty!’ He shook the box but there was no sound.

Conn asked to hold the box and when he held it he noticed that it didn’t balance properly, so he tried to find a centre of gravity for the box. Satisfied, he handed it back. ‘The box is uneven – one end is heavier than the other – there must be a secret compartment.’

Driscol picked up a dagger and used it to pry open the base, but there was no false bottom. What was unusual about the box was that the ends were much thicker than the sides. It was now obvious that a compartment had to be in each of the heavily adorned and carved ends.

Conn collected the box again and studied it closely. ‘There must be a hidden trap somewhere; maybe a tiny spring that keeps it closed.’

Ana was looking with him; she pointed. ‘There – there is a small hole there.’

Conn had one of the staff fetch a bamboo needle and handing the box back, Driscol used it to push into the hole. Almost instantaneously, the two ends flicked open – revealing two compartments – one at each end. Inside each was an object wrapped in cloth. Driscol relieved each object and opened one up, and then the other.

Everyone sat in silence as they looked. One was a blue haligdom; long and thin. The other was a medallion – one just like the one carried by Driscol.

Derryth broke the silence. ‘Well, that is not something you see every day.’

When Conn first arrived in Moetiak, he sensed Badb strongly as it was her demesne – but he also sensed a second “voice in head” – one he felt but she didn’t know he was listening. He had no idea who it was. He did now.

It was one of the most beautiful stones that they had ever seen; it was so perfect.

‘I think I know what this stone is,’ Conn offered, ‘It is a haligdom – from the Cirice in Silekia. It is not just any haligdom– I think it is the heart-stone – the one that belongs to Inanna.’

Driscol was astounded. ‘Why would a Gyden’s heart-stone be here?’

‘No idea. But remember that of the four main Cirices in Meshech only one is complete – here in Moetiak. The Cirice in Gatina was closed soon after the fall of the Casere and the heart-stone supposedly destroyed, while the Cirice in Trokia disappeared, and the Cirice in Silekia was simply abandoned – and no one knows where that heart-stone is. We do now.’

‘You are suggesting that the Twacuman in Piada stole it?’

Conn shook his head. ‘I don’t know.’ Conn looked at Derryth. ‘It was not the haligdom that was calling to you was it?’

Derryth agreed. ‘No – it was the medallion. It is said that they are the gift of Gyden and they do not like to away from their rightful owners.’ He studied the medal closely. ‘I know this medallion…’

‘I don’t understand…’

‘I also think I know who the girl was but I can’t explain why she had the haligdom. Let me think.’ They paused while he paused. ‘Her name was Conchobel… no it was Conchobarre. She was the younger sister of Freyotta. Freyotta was the last person to arrive in Halani from Piada. Our Healdend Ulfkarl went to find bedda in Piada as he had yet to have a child and he was getting old – even for us. When he was in Piada, he gave this necklace to Conchobarre.’

Conn was curious. ‘Why would you remember that? It doesn’t seem that important a story.’

Derryth agreed. ‘It doesn’t seem it but we never give medallions to other Twacuman – there is no need. Ulfkarl was a wise leader – his mother is also my ancestor – she was a Wothbora – and had Wilwar – who became Wothbora – and then had Ulfkarl to the Healdend. That is also unusual. It is said that Ulfkarl always said that Conchobarre had a troubled soul – and he gave her the medallion to help her. The story is told because it is the only time that a medallion was so given.’

Conn continued the story. ‘So Conchobarre somehow had the haligdom and brought it with her here to Moetiak and somehow lost both things and died...’

Derryth concurred. ‘It is clear that your ancestors were involved somehow, and it was their untruths that created your problem. They must have lied about the heart-stone and the medallion,’

Driscol took a deep breath. ‘The medallion as well?

‘Yes, it too was stolen or taken from the girl.’

‘Does this mean that it is over? That my family can now be healthy? That Alduini will get better?’

Ana interjected as she got off Conn’s lap and went to Alduini. ‘He will be fine now; Badb will take care of him.’

Looking relieved Driscol looked back at the glowing blue stone. ‘What are we going to do with the gemstone?’ He was asking Derryth.

Conn was right about the haligdom – the second voice in his head was very happy that the stone had been found – and because she didn’t think that Conn could “feel” her, she made no attempt to communicate with him. The haligdoms allowed the Gyden to communicate with her Folgere and as there were none of the blue dress wearing variety nearby, she had not expectations of being ‘felt’. Conn was more than happy to let her maintain the delusion. He didn’t try to communicate with her either – he didn’t want that Pandora Box opened.



Derryth shook his head. ‘It is not for me to say. I will claim the medallion and return it to Caewyn for it belongs to her. But the Haligdom is not mine.’

They both looked at Conn; he shrugged. ‘I’ll take it. … I have some experience with these things.’

Derryth looked at him strangely. ‘I don’t understand’.

Driscol laughed. ‘Did the Thane not tell you – he single handedly replaced all four haligdoms in the Moetian Cirice.’

Derryth looked at Conn, and laughed. ‘You didn’t tell me that. You are not supposed to attempt life endangering acts when I’m not around – I have a debt to repay. How did you do it anyway? I thought only a Gyden herself can do that…’

Driscol agreed. ‘So did I – and all the Folgere I’ve ever spoken to.’ He handed over the gemstone to Conn. ‘Take it with my warmest thanks. I’m more than happy to see the end of it. Generations of grief have been caused because of the events that surrounded this stone.’

Conn took the stone and placed it carefully in his pouch. ‘I’ll return it to Silekia when I can.’ He was not so sure he was going to enjoy having Inanna travelling around with him and looking over his shoulder all the time but what could he do.

Driscoll actually smiled. He then yelled at some servants to bring wine and food; and lots of it. It seemed that a weight had been lifted off his shoulders. He refused to talk again until he had drunk half a jug. He tried to cover the tears that streamed down his face but he failed. Ana went and hugged him and he held her tight.

After he had recovered, he spoke again. ‘Ok, at least that’s over. Now let’s eat. I suddenly feel famished. Then we can talk about the second puzzle – what possible reason is there for the daughter of a rebel Aebeling from Kania to be in my donjon? And as welcome as she is, I just know I am not going to like the answer.’





Chapter 02


‘So let me get this right. You have just been to Kania where you just happened to meet Esras, Eaorl in exile and declared rebel, and you just happened to kidnap his daughter. Why were you in Kania in the first place?

Conn shrugged. ‘I got lost. Discovered some people following me and decided to ask for directions.’

‘Very funny. So why did you go and see Esras?’

‘I wanted his help on getting my Fyrd through Kania. I figure as Aebeling, he will be much more amenable to my request…

‘As Aebeling – what has the current one done to himself?’

‘Nothing yet – but I understand he has a terminal illness… and it would be appropriate to replace Gorman with Esras – or at least I’m going to help Esras defeat Gorman without too many lives lost.’

‘I knew I didn’t like it when you said ‘current’. You know Moetia can’t be involved.’ He looked at Conn suspiciously ‘You didn’t promise support from Moetia did you?’

‘No I did not, but …’

‘I knew there would be a ‘but’. ‘

‘I do need to borrow the Moetian Cavalry for a day…’

Bran, Aebeling of Moetia, and Driscol’s only son, stood and spoke. He had joined them not long after the arrival of the jewellery box – as had many others. The hall was now full.

‘Thane, if you want me to invade Kania, I’ll do it. Ignore what my father says – whatever you want me to do I will. I have never felt better in my whole life. This is the best day of my life. You have lifted a curse from my family so my sword is yours to command – and now that I might be able to swing a sword, I might need your help to get into condition.’

Tears welled in the Healdend eyes as he watched his son speak. Just thirty five years old, he had been a weak, thin and sickly child. Whilst he had improved over time, he was never able to be a Folctoga as was customary for the Aebeling. To see him sound stronger, and almost look stronger, made the Healdend’s heart break.

Driscol rubbed his eyes. ‘Do what you must, but please try not to start a war.’

He turned to Brit. ‘I’m still unsure why you are here, Brit…’

‘The Thane had me betrothed…’ She pointed to Arlen, ‘to him…’

‘Betrothed? Isn’t this a bit sudden? How old are you child?’

‘I have survived fifteen winters.’

Conn decided to interject. ‘She will make up her mind up next spring of course, but I think they seem perfect for each other! Oh, and Esras is going to make him an Eaorl as a wedding gift.’

‘What, only an Eaorl’, Driscol replied exasperatedly, ‘and which Eaorldom is he going to have?’

‘Dor. It was Brit’s mother’s, and I didn’t really warm to the current holder.’

‘I didn’t warm to him much myself – but it didn’t seem reason enough to invade Kania. It seems a little contrived to me, Brit, but if you do decide to marry my cousin, you can be assured that I will give the joining my blessing.’

‘Your cousin? I thought his father was an Eaorl?’ She again looked scornfully at Arlen; who tried to look wounded.

‘That is true, his father is my cousin – the only male cousin I have. I gather he has not told you much of his family.’ The Healdend laughed, he actually sounded happy. He then stood and raised his glass. ‘Moetians, this is a joyous day. To our guests Derryth il Halani and Brit il Kania; betrothed of Arlen il Batra.’ They drank the toast and Driscol sat. He looked at Conn and enquired ‘Now, you have no more surprises for me today, do you? I’m not sure if I can handle a third one.’



The recovery of Bram and his son was almost miraculous; every day would see an improvement. Conn elected to train Bram himself, and together they would work until Bran was exhausted. But the next day he would turn up again to go the next step. They worked tirelessly through the rest of autumn and then through winter.

At the turn of spring, he was riding and fighting better than most. Brit had also been trained daily by Halla, and over the six months had grown and developed beautifully; taller, her hair now longer, she was every much as beautiful as her mother was reported to be. Arlen, by this time was besotted, and he tried very hard to hide it. She knew that he knew that she knew, and she taunted him constantly. It was fun to watch – Derryth in particular found it most amusing.

With the arrival of spring, Conn went to farewell Aerlene who was now ‘very’ pregnant. The babies would be born in Moetiak in the Cirice, and she would stay in the town until they were healthy enough to travel. Conn apologised that he wasn’t going to be around when they were born.

Aerlene said she understood. ‘So when do you think we will see you again?’

Conn had intimated many times that he might not be back – there were no guarantees.

‘I do not know – I am uncertain how long the war will take – and I will see it out. None of us can afford to lose this one. But I hope I will be back.’ He held her close and kissed her one last time before departing.

By the time Conn arrived in Susa to join the fyrd, it was packed and ready for departure. The Gatinan fyrd was already marching, it had crossed the border in Trokia, and would have had its first battle somewhere within the Trokian Eaorldom of Ridlah.

Conn assumed that the battle would have been short and bloody – and the Gatinans would be victorious given the Rakians forces that made up a large part of their experienced wiga. After the victory they would head to Trokiak, hacking their way through the Eaorldom of Temah. With their infantry and followers in tow, that would take about ten days.

If the Troakians had followed his suggestions, most of them would have evacuated their homes and be behind the walls of Trokiak; which were considerable, and safe for the moment. Inevitably some foolhardy Trokian Eoarl would try to make himself a hero by attacking the Gatinans but that would fail.

Outside Trokia, the Gatinans would attempt to storm the walls – they would have prepared scaling ladders and a range of artillery weapons like battering rams and catapults. Conn was prepared for this: the attack on the walls would be unsuccessful as Conn had sent the Wealdend of Trokia five hundred of his best Silekian bowmen with supplies and equipment, and a half company of Silekian Engineers with better siege equipment that anything the Gatinans had. With their superior range and accuracy, the Gatinan attacks would be thwarted.

Stymied, Conn wasn’t sure what the Galatians would do next; what was intended to be a short campaign just turned into a long one; and they could possibly resort to trying to force a surrender by devastating the countryside and the population outside of Trokiak. The Trokians had no other castles that would stand up to siege weapons. It was thus essential for Conn to get there as soon as possible – which was between five and six weeks depending on what was in his way.

As sunrise, the Healdend rode with him to join the Fyrd as they prepared to cross the border in Kania.

‘And you think this plan will work?’ Driscol was genuinely afraid that things were going to go poorly.

‘I am hopeful that not too many lives will be lost.’ Conn advised. ‘We know that very few are happy with the Aebeling, so with the opportunity of change presented to them, they may well grasp it with both hands.’

Conn had arranged a march past and they were led out by Bram, Folctoga of Moetia, now fit and healthy, at the head of the three hundred wiga that had trained with Conn’s fyrd. Conn saluted them as they passed, and although the symbolism was lost on him, Driscol did the same.

The Moetian, like the entire Fyrd behind them, were resplendent in new uniforms – a mishmash of technologies. The first layer was a silk Happi, followed by the long sleeved cotton padded gambeson, a chain mail byrnie, and finally a full blue linen tabard that sported the symbol of Moetia.

Conn’s wiga had a tabard of brown and green; in the brown half was Conn’s golden sun emblem, while the green half had a range of motifs that identify each company from a distance. Being Silekian, they also carried symbols from each of the Eaorldoms in Silekia – Wilga il Melnik had the wild boar emblem on his tabard.

The first Susa company was led by Arlen while the second by Leogar il Farah; the second son of the Earl of Farah. Conn had disappointed his ambitions to become Eaorl of Susa – he was next in line – so had offered him a commission as Captain in his fyrd. Their tabards were half brown and half blue.

Driscol looked at Conn as his company passed. ‘He was always a frivolous young man – has he improved?’

Conn nodded. ‘Indeed he has. If he wants to be a noble now, he has to do it the hard way.’

The Moetians were followed by eight companies of Silekian Sagittari – his so called light cavalry based on the famous Mongol cavalry. Lightly but adequately armoured because their main weapon was the bow, they rode horses that were both light and fast; and with their genetics based on his Arabian stallion, they were predominantly grey. They were followed by four companies of Cataphracts, his heavy cavalry, and the sight of them clearly unsettled Driscol. Instead of gambesons, they wore metal reinforced brigandines over their three quarter hauberk chainmail, and as well as the extra armour on the rider, they had extra on their legs and on the chest and necks of their horses. These were the strike fighters of his force – they were designed to hit a line of wiga at speed and cut through them like butter; they carried a long lance, as well as the ubiquitous sword, dagger, and a bow and quiver. These horses were some of Conn’s finest; big and strong, and uniformly black. Even Conn was impressed. Combined he only had just over 1500 cavalry – but they were as good as could be found anywhere.

Second last to pass were another six companies – four of pikemen and two of bowmen – albeit they had horses drawn from local supplies to get them to the battle front. They were followed by eight companies of support staff – pipers, drummers, medics, signallers and cooks – with several hundred pack animals carrying supplies for several months on the campaign. As someone famous once said that ‘an army marched on its stomach’, and Conn had no intention of letting his fyrd run out of food or supplies. He needed regime change in Kania also to ensure an effective resupply route for his forces in Troas. An immense quantity of supplies waited in Menia for delivery.

With everyone included there was almost three times as many horses as wiga; and marching 3 a breast, each mile would take 300 cavalry, so the entire column would be almost 8 miles long. And it was a small fyrd. Nonetheless, it would take Conn some effort to regain his spot at the front of the cavalry.

As the last man passed, Driscol took a deep breath. ‘I’m truly glad I’m on your side, Thane, I don’t know if I have ever seen a fryd or wiga of this quality before; and a fyrd this strong is not necessarily a good thing. Anyway, you might not have to fight Gorman – he’ll probably die of fright when he sees them.’

‘One can only hope.’

He still looked concerned. ‘I wish you good health. The thought of this fyrd without you in charge fills me with dread. Let us hope that not too much blood is spilled in Kania – and certainly not yours. So please take care.’ With that, he shook Conn’s hand, and rode away.

With Driscol gone, Conn cantered the miles until he joined Halla and Derryth at the front of the long line of wiga.

‘What took you so long?’ Derryth chided him. ‘It is almost lunchtime.’

‘First things first – let’s get rid of Gorman.’

‘Hope it doesn’t take too long. I’m hungry already.’

As soon as Gorman’s scouts spotted his fyrd, Conn signalled for the drummer to start a beat and with a large roar, the fyrd scattered into position; spreading out over the country side. Luckily this part of Kania was largely open woodland and light forest, and they had an unimpeded trip to the battle front, and half an hour out, the pipers were signalled to join in.

Gorman had positioned his forces well; on the hillside opposing a small river. It would normally have a much larger amount of water flowing but the latter part of winter was unseasonably dry and still cold; the snow from the winter peaks had still to melt to any great level. It all helped Conn – but didn’t aid Gorman. As Conn crested the final hill, he signalled the drummer to cause his fyrd to stop.

Waiting for them was Esras. Scouts had joined up with Esras’s troop and had brought him to Conn’s position. Brit raced forward to greet her father, and he actually cried; four months away and she was not the same girl he had sent away.

Conn rode up to the pair. ‘I return her to you safe and sound.’

Esras wiped the tears from his face. ‘I see that. Thank you. She reminds me so much of her mother now. She has certainly blossomed – no longer the wild mountain girl.’ Gathering his thoughts he turned to Conn.

‘So what happens now? There are a lot of men over that hill.’

‘I’m going to go and have a little chat. I would like you to follow soon.’

After assuring that all would be well, Conn took with a dozen men, including two pipers who played as they travelled, and headed over the hill towards the Kanians.

‘There are certainly a lot of men over there…’ Derryth observed as the Kanian forces came into view as they headed for the river and forded across to the other side. ‘Not many cavalry or bowmen, it would seem.’

Gorman did not have a strong cavalry; Conn had declined to sell them horses so they remained small and slower than his breeds. Kania had also never been a prosperous demesne, though the Eaorldoms were typically larger than most others, the years of isolation since the rise of the influence of Rakia had brought even less prosperity. What they did have was numbers, but little in the way of skill. The stronger elements were a home guard of mercenaries – some of which were from Cyme – while others were from Rakia. Recently, however, the numbers of mercenaries had declined, due in some part to the fact that several hundred were under guard in Menia; their ships having surrendered in lieu of being sunk while on their way from Rakia to Kania. Conn had implemented a blockade of the Bay with his ships in Menia, and very few ships had gotten through.

Conn explained what he knew of the force confronting them.

‘So it shouldn’t be too hard to rout this lot?’

‘I’m trying to avoid that. I think that they are on our side – it is just the Aebeling who isn’t.’

‘And you are sure we are not going to be met with a shower of arrows. It is too nice a day to die like that…’

‘I don’t think so – he just wants us to turn around – even he knows he can’t win this battle – but there will be significant casualties on both sides. The Rakians have told him that we are not to get through.’

Messages that had been intercepted on the Rakian ships were very clear on the objective – do not let the ‘Feorrancund’ pass. Conn also knew that most of the Eaorls did not actually want fight the ‘Feorrancund’, but had turned up because not doing so would result in being declared a traitor.

‘I hope you are right – even I can’t save you from a thousand arrows.’

By the time they arrived within shouting distance of the Kanians, it was obvious that the ‘welcome’ party looked dishevelled; any semblance of order and control was gone; the horses were terrified of the sound that continued to play as Conn and his group rode up to the line of Kanian wiga. As they got closer, Conn signalled a stop to the music.

Eventually the person who looked like he could be the Aebeling struggled to the front of his Fyrd. At his side was Theostan, Eaorl of Dor – who looked at Conn with rage. Behind them arrived five very attractive wiga – dressed like Halla, they were members of his Valkeri bodyguard.

‘What is that infernal racket?’ He yelled. As he spoke Conn could hear the Ratakian Gyden in the Aebeling’s head. He must be wearing one of those black stones around his neck.

‘Bagpipes from Taransay. Would you like to hear some more?’ Conn asked innocently.

‘No, I do not. What I want is for you to turn your … your rabble around and return to Lykia. I am not letting you go through Kania. It will not happen.’

‘Why are you sure that I won’t just try?’

‘You would be a fool’ The Aebeling laughed. ‘I have five thousand wiga. You will never pass. You have what – less than one thousand…’

Conn shook his head. ‘Not quite – I have a few more than that.’ Conn signalled the drummer, and a beat was heard across the valley. This was the signal for his force to make its presence felt, and within thirty minutes, the hills to the west were covered with wiga. A second beat started and Bram and his Lykians soon arrived; albeit further away, and in the east. The next beat of the drums and Esras’s wiga appeared from the south.

‘Can you defend from all quarters? I grant you that you have more wiga than me, but every single one of mine will die for me. I’d like you to meet some of them before you decide to fight.’

Already nervous at the sight of so many wiga, the Eaorls started to natter and talk amongst themselves. The Aebeling turned and yelled at them.

‘Do not listen to him; he is playing with your minds; you will be protected behind a wall of the best infantry in Kania. Nothing will get through.’

Conn signalled the drummer gain, and with different beat, a squad of ten of the heavily armoured Cataphracts cantered down and up the hill. They stopped and lowered their lances

Conn did the honors. ‘I would like you to meet my Cataphracts. You will meet them again when they charge this encampment, and I hope that you will be able to get out of the way. There are 500 of them, so I doubt that you will do it with ease.’ Conn ordered them to yield and they returned to the bottom of the hill. ‘They prefer a longer run up’ he explained.

A different beat ensured and a company of Sagittari arrived; the wiga brimming with bows and hundreds of arrows.

‘These are my Sagittari – they have a range about fifty yards longer than your bowmen. I have nearly two thousands of them. I intend them to fire from that hill side to this hillside; they are accurate even at that distance.’ They too yielded and returned down the hill.

The disquiet in the crowd continued but the Aebeling was silent. The Eaorls were all very scared but Conn was relieved to find that he was yet to scare the Aebeling. The noise in his head was too strong for that. He was however starting to look very angry.

‘Gorman,’ Conn decided to be conciliatory. ‘You have everything to lose and nothing to be gained by fighting. I grant that you have more men than me – but you will have to admit that mine look a lot better than yours. They are also very loyal – all will die and not yield unless I say so. Can you rely on your wiga or Eaorls? Do you really think that they can withstand a bombardment of ten thousand arrows and a charge of my Cataphracts?’

Gorman’s hands were clenched together. Gorman was struggling and the voice inside his head sensed that as well, and it fought to bolster his resolve. Conn needed to push him just a little further.

‘Though I must admit, I’m a little unsure about the loyalty of some of my people. Would you like to meet her?’

Conn signalled again, and four riders approached them. Gorman’s eyes flew from one to another, he obviously knew about Halla as he didn’t respond. He was more surprised when he saw Derryth, and his voice showed disbelief. ‘What is a Twacuman doing here? A Twacuman will not take up arms against me.’

Derryth nodded. ‘Maybe – maybe not. However, I’m just observing – watching the Thane doing his stuff is the most fun I’ve had in sixty years.’

Conn interrupted him. ‘Not him, it’s this one. Do you think I can rely on her?’

Gorman was becoming exasperated, ‘Why are you asking me, I don’t know…’ He stopped when she removed the scarf from her head. ‘Esme? Gyden, it looks like Esme …’ Behind him were shocked people also; relatives of both Esme and Esras were in the crowd of Eaorls and Thanes.

Brit spoke, ‘No cousin, I am not Esme, I am her daughter...’

‘Brit? I thought you were dead. Gyden, you look like your mother…. But how … why are … what are you doing with the… the… Lykians?’

Brit laughed, ‘He’s not a Lykian. I thought you would have noticed that. Somehow, I don’t think he is from these parts at all.’

Gorman looked back at Conn. ‘So, Feorrancund, why is the daughter of my traitor uncle riding with you?’

‘Brit is betrothed to the Healdend of Moetia’s cousin, and her father has promised him an Eaorldom as a wedding gift.’

‘And what Eaorldom is ‘Uncle’ Esras going to give him’ He snarled and spat out this question. Conn could feel that the Gyden’s influence was fading; pure rage was starting to take over.

‘My Grandfather’s – or I should say, OUR grandfather’s.’ Brit answered sincerely. ‘You usurped it from my father, after you raped and murdered my mother. It is my birth-right, and I want it back.’ Conn was very pleased with her performance, though these words were now off script. She was ad-libbing.

Gorman had turned his back on her to face his fyrd, and her words hit him hard. The crowd gasped; Theostan gasped – but for different reasons. He twirled back at her.

‘How DARE you accuse me of such an act.’ In front of everyone he had been accused of theft, rape and murder, and his face was now turning red. ‘You will recant your words or you will die.’

‘Make me; raping, murdering, bastard son of an Ancuman sow.’

The girl was definitely off the rehearsed speech now. She released her cloak and taunted him further – she was beautiful and her armour accentuated her figure. ‘Sometimes I have doubted that you did rape my mother – perhaps you just killed her – is it true that young boys are what you prefer to have in your chamber at night?’ Insult upon insult.

Gorman was not used to being spoken to like this and it was too much for him. All restraint fled, he drew his sword and leapt to attack the girl; the first strike missing her by inches as she rolled out of his reach.

Conn reached for his sword, but Halla stopped him, placing her hand on his arm. ‘Leave her, she will be fine.’

Conn instead tossed his wakizashi, which she caught coming out of the roll. Gorman attacked again, and the clang of swords rang out down the valley. Some of Gorman’s men were about to intervene but with a quick signal, Conn’s guard, as well as Halla and Derryth, had arrows pointing at the Eaorls, and they desisted. They seemed happy they didn’t have to intervene.

Brit had spent the last months training with Halla, and she was no mere pampered girl to start with. So it was not surprising that, despite his weight and reach advantage, it was soon clear that she was his match. Every swing tired and frustrated him and he was soon exposing himself to counter attack. His increasing frustration didn’t help, and it was not long before he over extended and Brit took advantage of his mistake. He looked in shock at the wakizashi that appeared so suddenly in his chest. He fell to his knees, his sword falling from his hand

Behind him the Eaorl of Dor took his chance and reached for a knife from his belt. Knife throwing was something the Rakians trained hard at, but he was too slow; he had hardly raised the knife before Conn’s dagger and two arrow were imbedded in his chest. He looked up with total surprise before he fell to his knees and then his face.

Conn got in first. ‘That doesn’t count – your arrow arrived after my knife.’ He was talking to Derryth.

‘It did not. My arrow got to him first. I think I have officially saved your life. We are even.’

Halla shook her head sadly as she walked over and retrieved the arrows and Conn’s knife. ‘You are both children. The kill shot was mine – and you both know it.’

The silence was broken by the arrival of Esras. As soon as Esras had seen his nephew strike at Brit he had galloped up the slope to defend his daughter, but by the time he had arrived and dismounted, Gorman was dying. The last face he saw was of his uncle, the man he hated the most in the entire world.

‘Damn you, damn all of you.’ were his last words as he fell to the ground.

Halla went to the body and retrieved the blade, wiping it clean on his clothes; she returned it to Conn with the dagger. ‘Told you.’

Esras was livid – ‘You didn’t tell me that she was going to be at risk – that wasn’t part of the plan!

‘True’, Conn said, ‘But I didn’t know she was going to accuse him of rape and murder either – that wasn’t part of the script. Anyway, she possibly has as much a right as you to sink a blade into his stomach.’ Conn looked around at the Kanians. None had moved. They didn’t really know what to do; they had lost the momentum and their leader; they waited.

Conn walked with Esras to the Eaorls. He spoke aloud. ‘As we say in Taransay, “The king is dead, long live the king”. I’m going to give you a few seconds to consider your options before I order my men to start firing. So what do you say…?’

Needing no further invitation, the Eaorls fell to their knees. Immediately the Thanes followed and the entire Kanian force bowed. One of the Eaorls stood – it was Dagdail, the Eaorl of Ar, and called out ‘All hail Esras, Aebeling of Kania.’ The other Eaorls quickly followed. ‘Hail Esras, Aebeling of Kania’ they chorused. Conn indicated they do it again, and after their ‘All hail Esras, Aebeling of Kania,’ the entire valley echoed in acclaim.

Almost immediately after, they stood and came forward to greet Esras like the long lost friend that he was. It had been a remarkably easy transition of power. Conn hoped that all his plans went just as well.

Dagdail came and greeted Conn, shaking his hand.

‘I am never disappointed when I see you Thane – it is always very impressive. Anyway, that went quite well I thought. Much better than I was expecting. I was expecting to die, so this is definitely an improvement. Even then I was grateful that we weren’t at sea but your wiga are more terrifying than your ships. So now that we have all this sorted – you wouldn’t happen to have any food would you? I have been eating nothing but what could only be described as horse food for weeks.’

Conn laughed, and had a messenger go and arrange for food supplies to be brought forward. He was aware that food was running low for the Kanians – it might have had something to do with the blockade he was running in the bay. He had extra supplies brought just for this purpose – a little good goes a long way.



It was late before everyone was finally together in the large tent that Conn had constructed in his camp; both fyrds had been settled (and fed) and Conn had to settle a few issues. Conn was sitting with Bran, Aebeling of Moetia, when Esras, his daughter, and the eight Kanian Eaorls joined him.

Conn asked about the Rakians.

‘All in custody. You were right to suggest that they might try to leave in a hurry. But what is to stop Rakians in Kaniak from escape or even burning down the town.’

Conn disagreed. ‘A lot. By tomorrow, every significant Rakian in Kaniak will be in custody. I have arranged for a few of them to be kidnapped and they should be sitting quietly on one of my ships in the harbour.’

Esras was confused. ‘What ships? You have ships?’

Dagdail, the Eaorl of Ar burst into laughter. ‘His ships are not just any old ships – they are magnificent.’

They all looked at him. ‘Dagdail,’ Esras asked, ‘what have you not been telling us?’

‘Let me tell you about the first time I met the Thane.’

Some time and a couple of tankards of beer later, Dagdail had completed his story and Conn had explained what his ships had been doing over the winter – and would be doing soon. Pigeons had flown to Kania – he had a certain Gatinan working for him whose ships were singularly successful in escaping his blockades, and who had a very small espionage business ongoing in the town. He now knew of the result of the “war” and was making “arrangements” on Conn’s behalf to ensure that the Rakians didn’t flee and didn’t damage anything. He of course didn’t share the finer details with the Eaorls – the espionage operation needed to be ongoing.

Esras had a wry smile on his face. ‘I’m starting to realize that being on your side is distinctly more profitable than being on the other.’ He paused to contemplate and then asked the obvious. ‘So what do you want from us now?’

Conn explained what he was intending to do, and what support he expected from Kania. It was nothing too onerous and Esras and the Eaorls readily agreed. Dagdail, however, had a suggestion.

‘Thane – we can do more. Do you remember my second son Daigh?’

‘I do – I recall he served with Gorman in his fyrd.’

‘Indeed he does – or did. Daigh has asked if you would be agreeable if he joined your fyrd with three companies of men. He knows that they are no match for yours but he would like to help our Trokian cousins in these difficult times. It has been very galling to us that we had to stand by and let the Gatinan attack them – they are our kin after all.’

Gorman nodded. ‘We have discussed it already. Daigh seems almost eager to participate if you will have him.’

‘I’d be delighted. Will they be ready to march in a few days?’

‘Daigh says he will be ready tomorrow.’

‘Even better.’

Conn turned back to Esras. ‘To the matters is our agreement...’

Esras nodded. ‘The currently vacant position of Eaorl of Dor will be granted to Arlen of Batra at the next Witan – which we will convene as soon as we return. As for the other part of that – that is not up to me…’ Both he and Conn turned and looked at Brit who was suddenly looking quite embarrassed.

‘You want me to decide NOW?’

Conn smiled at the blushing girl. ‘Your decision will be no different tomorrow – and I’ll be gone tomorrow anyway. Arlen will be made an Eaorl next week – and I would like to ensure that he has a suitable bedda at his side when he starts. If you decline, I’m sure that the Eaorls here have a few daughters that they would be prepared to promote...’

‘I have several…’ The Eaorl of Ar suggested hopefully.

‘Very well.’ She was sitting beside Arlen and she stole a glance at him before she continued. ‘I suppose he is agreeable enough. I agree to be his bedda. Besides, he will need help, as he can be a bit silly at times.’

Arlen didn’t react to the gibe – he had a silly smile on his face.

She continued. ‘See what I mean…’

Conn looked at Esras and Esras nodded, and called them both forward. He looked around for a rope or sash and Conn handed him a package – and when Esras unwrapped it, it was an extremely beautiful silk scarf. Esras shrugged and used it to perform the handfasting ceremony, because, without a Folgere at hand, it was his duty and right.

Afterwards, Brit grabbed the scarf and wrapped it around her neck. She wasn’t giving it back. The Eaorls all toasted the new pair with more ale and then unceremoniously moved on.

‘The Cymeans…’ Conn asked. ‘What do you want to do with them?’

Esras hadn’t given it much thought. ‘Send them home probably … I have no need of a bodyguard.’

‘Perhaps there is another alternative…’

They sent for the Folctoga, whose name was Jofrid. Quite magnificent in her uniform and bulging breasts, she smiled at Halla when she arrived, though she did not address her. She bowed to Conn and then Esras. Conn hadn’t met her before – she must not have been in Cyme when he visited the previous autumn year.

‘Aebeling, you sent for me?’

‘Indeed I did. As you will understand, I will have no need for your services anymore – I doubt I will be trying to have myself killed – not that I ever did try. I just spread the rumour around.

‘It never seemed to us that the Aebeling was ever in danger. We will leave immediately after we return.’

‘Not so fast; I believe the Thane has a proposition for you.’

She turned at looked at Conn again; her eyes flickering between him and Halla. Halla’s ‘situation’ pained them all.

‘Jofrid, do you understand what I am intent on doing?’

‘I believe so, Thane, you are going to war with the Gatinans, who are planning to attack Trokia.’

‘Correct.’ Conn added, ‘I would like to employ your company – not to fight Gatinans – but just to provide the security of the camp and mine. It will free my wiga from the essential but non combative roles. And there is only one other small detail; Halla is my voice a lot of the time. Are we going to have any of this silliness of her being dead and invisible to you? I understand banishment and the theow stuff, but the other stuff is pure child’s ridiculousness. I won’t employ children. What do you say?’

Jofrid was embarrassed at the rebuke. ‘She… Halla … has always been my friend – she is like my sister – we are also cousins. I will see to it that we are able to balance our customs with your requirements, Thane.’

‘Good, it is settled then. We march tomorrow. I would suggest that you send riders to Kania to collect your belongings, and they can catch us up.’

‘As you will, Thane, I will make arrangements.’ She got up to leave, but as she did she went to Halla and gave her a hug and kiss. Halla just tried not to cry.





Chapter 03


By lunch the next day, Conn’s fyrd was heading out, leaving behind the thousands of Kanian wiga who would slowly drift home with their Folctoga. Conn asked for and received the services of the Eaorls whose towns he would pass along the way, and Dubgall il Nisa, who he had already met, led the Fyrd as it passed through his lands. With the large numbers in tow it was a five day march to Nisa, another fifteen to the town of Saniwa – through the lands of Shekem and Kania. Saniwa was two days from the border of Trokia, and it was there that he farewelled Esras, Arlen and Brit, and the little girl came and hugged them all as she left.

‘Thank you, Thane, somehow I think I’m going to miss you all. I kind of wish that I could go along – but Arlen will be lost without me…’

Arlen just said thanks over and over again. He didn’t quite understand why he deserved so much for giving so little. An investment, Conn said, and he did expect a lot from him. When he arrived in Dor he would find a dozen ships from Menia, as well as Allowena and Devlin with several hundred men waiting to ensure that Dor would be suitable as the entry point for all supplies into Trokia. His work was cut out for him.

Almost three weeks later they arrived at the border of Trokia; the border guards did not quite know what to do with the long line of wiga that suddenly turned up and were very relieved to find that they were not going to die. Conn requested that they send riders ahead to warn the Eaorl – and there was only one between Saniwa and the coastline – and that was the Eaorl of Moha. The Eaorl of Temah, whose lands they would also pass, would be much more concerned about the arrival of the Gatinans.

Trokia was predominately a coastal civilization, with fishing based cities located in easy harbours. The interior was relatively undeveloped because they didn’t depend on grain or wool or meat for survival. Consequently, as they travelled towards Trokia, the Thane demesnes they encountered were small and less developed than any in Moetia or Lykia, and the countryside they passed through was largely undeveloped forest. Travel was slow.

From the border, and ahead of the fyrd, Conn sent forward a small scouting party. Disguised as merchants, they were expected to make contact with the Gatinan within ten days; and within another five, Conn would have his first reports back from the front.

They soon arrived in the desolate and crowded Eaorldom of Moha. The Eaorl was female – over twenty, and had only just inherited the position. Her name was Cenlinda and it turned out that she had just returned from Ridlah, where she had seen her mother, as well as a recently taken bedda, die in the battle with the Gatinan fyrd. Wounded, she had returned to take care of her demesne.

She welcomed Conn and his companions into her humble abode, with women and children but few young men in attendance – they had all gone to fight the Gatinans. The hall was old and derelict; everything would crumble in a stiff breeze, but she tried to make Conn welcome.

Over dinner, she described how the Trokian fyrd was destroyed in a single battle.

‘There was just too many of them – we were holding our own until another fyrd arrived to the west; I think they were Rakians – we were not prepared for an attack on the west and after that side collapsed; the front weakened and the Gatinan breeched our front line. After that we died or surrendered.’

‘How did you get away?’

‘As soon as my mother saw the Rakians arrived from the west, she told me that we were doomed. I was already injured so she told me to leave – to save our house. She led me out and when we were about to be intercepted by Rakians she turned and attacked them. She sacrificed her life to save mine. I arrived back here three days ago.’

‘I see that you have wounds from the battle – they don’t look like they are getting better.’

She had multiple bruises, cuts and abrasions – some of which appeared to be festering due to lack of proper treatment, and the imperfect removal of fragments and splinters. Conn asked if his medic could look at them. After some hesitation she agreed, and Conn’s medic treated her as they spoke.

She had a lot of questions for Conn – and she was delighted to meet her distant Valkeri cousins – but they were restrained in response. Her warmth was not reciprocated. And while she was grateful that he was helping, she doubted that he would do much other than get himself killed.

‘There must be ten thousand of them – you said you have two thousand. How can you expect to stand against so many?’

‘Skill. Some of the greatest battles have been one by a few against many – including some of the wars here in Meshech.’

‘Remember’, Derryth added, to be helpful, ‘nearly everyone died in those battles.’

‘Thanks Derryth. Ever helpful.’

Because Moha was north of the invading Gatinans, the young Eaorl had a lot of extra people in her village; refugees from the south, and many mouths to feed.

Conn offered supplies. ‘A hundred mules or horses will pass by your door every week to bring supplies to me and also to you.’

She protested. ‘Thank you but we are poor – we cannot afford to pay for wheat brought from Kania – and we will not accept charity.’ She was quite firm about that.

‘I’m sure that we can come to some arrangements. Do you have any land that you can sell me?’

‘You want to purchase a Thane demesne from me?’

‘Not one – how many do you have vacant?’

‘Several… I’m sure we can come to some arrangement…’

Cenlinda invited Conn to stay behind after everyone had left – she said to negotiate further. When she started to take off her clothes, Conn presumed that she didn’t want to show him her scars and that negotiations were going to be fairly interesting.

~x036~



As for land, it turned out that she did indeed have several demesnes available, and after they had negotiated a deal that was very profitable for the Eaorl, Conn was declared the Thane of Hebal in Moha. The deals done, Conn continued east, following the ancient road that connected Trokiak and Moesiak.

Derryth scolded him. ‘You have to be the worst negotiator I have ever seen. You paid three times what the so called farm land is worth. I hate farming and even I know that. It is either forest or hills.’

‘Remember that she has to buy her food from me – and that most of the land I purchased is along the road or on the river. It also is all connected – for that I paid a premium. The spring floods will allow us to grow excellent rice and before long they will be staying in my Inns along the roads, and paying to use my roads. It is all good.’

Halla put her hand on Derryth’s shoulder. ‘I keep telling you, Derryth, he is not nice, he just pretends to be.’ With Jofrid riding by her side, Halla was much happier than she had been for a while. She still understood that she was theow, but at least her kin were speaking to her.

Conn asked why Trokia had female Eaorls.

Halla didn’t answer so Jofrid answered instead.

‘When our ancestor’s sister Astra broke her vows and claimed the demesne of Trokia in the name of her daughter Fastvi, she didn’t do it alone. She took many of her company with her. Others refused to break their vows – including our ancestor Godreda – and they returned to Cyme. Those that stayed behind were rewarded and were given the title of Eaorl or other privileges. Cenlinda is the descendant of one of the vow breakers – and they choose a daughter to succeed them.’

‘Is she not your cousin?’

They both shook their heads. ‘No; her ancestor is of Cyme but not of our house. There are few of our house left in Cyme…’

‘Which house is that?’

‘Ilissus – our ancestor was a Folgere from Ilissus.’

It always struck Conn as unusual the number of times he heard the name of the extinct Eaorldom of Ilissus. Strangely, it normally had something to do with women he was sleeping with—not only Halla but also Annisa and Sileas. It was a strange coincidence.

As they continued to march east, the countryside was becoming deserted; the Thanes had deserted their demesne in fear of marauding Gatinans and had left crops to rot in the field. At several stages, Conn rested his wiga and set them to work in the field to harvest the winter crops. Anything he didn’t need, he sent back to Gebal. In some cases he left behind a few injured or sick wiga to manage the farms.

Fifteen days after arriving in Trokia, the first of the scout party returned with grim news – most of which he expected.

‘Thane, they have arrived in Trokiak – and they were repulsed. After the battle of the border near Ridlah, which they won after three days, they took the harbor and are using it to resupply their forces. The town of Temah was deserted by the time they arrived so they burnt it to the ground. Now that the walls have not fallen, they have had to set up a camp in the ash of Temah just over the river. They lost significant numbers before they withdrew from Trokiak.’

‘What are they doing now?’

‘They have Trokiak surrounded and they are destroying anything they can find – it seems that the Rakians are the ones doing the destroying.’

Conn had just crossed the river that emptied itself in the bay near Ridlah. The news made him change his plans – there was no benefit in heading to Temah anymore. He would go directly to Trokiak, but there was no easy route except via Temah.

‘You say they have a large force near Temah?’

‘They must know of you Thane, they are protecting the road from the east. They are three days away.’

‘Are they coming this way?’

‘No – they are waiting.’

‘Then we don’t go that way. We will go over the mountain.’

They all looked at him strangely. They were riding down a huge valley; the lower they got down the flatter and more fertile the valley became. To the north was a mountain range; to the south was an even bigger range that was the border with Gatina.

Derryth raised his hand. ‘Just a moment there. You are suggesting we go north – over the range?’

‘As much as we can; we need to get around them – and we can’t cross the river again. It takes too long.’

‘Is there a road over the range, perchance, that only you know about?’

‘Sadly, no. But I’m sure we can find one…’

‘We have almost six thousand animals; we are going to need a big road.’

In the morning a group headed west to search for a road over the range. Derryth decided to go with them – after all he had the most experience in mountains. Conn would follow with the fyrd – he estimated that it would take two days to get to the foothills. That was all the time Derryth had to find a way over the range.

With the change of plans, Conn got the fyrd to assist logistics to unpack the horse and ox carts that had accompanied them thus far and transferred to the back of horses. He then led then north; with ten squads of men providing a barrier between himself and the Gatinans – just in case they decided to head north because of his change of plan.

Conn was sitting on a small hill observing small amounts of dust in the distance when scouts cantered up to him.

‘Thane, perhaps a hundred horse – Rakians we think – have been observed to our south. We don’t think that they have observed us yet they will as soon as we cross that crest above us.’

‘Well, we do not want that, do we?’

Giving the order to be silent, Conn collected a four squads of Sagittari – each squad was led by a Corporal and contained fifteen men – and followed the scouts west. After an hour they had gotten as far as they could go without being seen; Conn sent one squad further east to cut off any escapees, and signalling his piper to start playing, he broke through the forest wall in a canter towards the Rakian cavalry – who were resting for lunch in the forest shade.

The noise startled and surprised the Rakians who leapt to their horses. Seeing the fifty odd men charging them, they reciprocated – which was of course what Conn wanted them to do. By the time they had realized this was a mistake – when arrows started picking off riders as if they were standing still, it was too late. The simple act of stopping and turning made them even bigger targets and there was soon nothing but horses without riders cantering around the fields.

Those that were able to realize that it was folly soonest and not leave the protection of the forest, headed west instead – but ran into the other squad of Sagittari.

Conn sat resting the stallion as he watched his men collect the horses and check if there were any survivors – there were a few – mostly common wiga. The Folctoga in charge of the company was dead and was buried with the others in a large common grave. Survivors were bundled on horses and they took everything thin with them – leaving nothing behind but a long strip of freshly dug soil; covered in rocks, with a wooden cross.

Derryth was most disappointed when he heard. He had re-joined the fyrd later than night as they camped on the foothills of the range, bringing news about his search up the mountain.

‘Foolhardy – if you keep doing things like that, you are going to get yourself killed. So none got away?’

‘None that we know of. I still have a few men down there to keep an eye on things but it will be a mystery for them for some time. And you found a way over the range?’

‘I did – it will be slow but we will get there. On top of the range is a valley – it faced directly down to Trokiak and it will be an easy position to protect, and it has adequate water for the animals. I suggest we set up camp there.’

A single file of six thousand horses is a very long line, and Conn suspected that the first horse had arrived before the last horse had departed. Conn was going to be the last horse. He was standing with Halla on a ridge looking down the valley with his telescope.

‘We’ve been spotted.’ Conn informed Halla casually.

‘How many?’

‘Probably a dozen men – obviously they had been sent to look for the others. I don’t think we are in any danger.’

‘I hope not – we only have one squad of Sagittari still here – and they have just started to leave. Are you going to attack them – you are prone to foolhardy antics.’

Conn shook his head. ‘No – if they have any sense, they will turn and run – or at least pretend to. That, I’m not going to risk.’

Behind them Derryth emerged from the trees. ‘You ready to leave?’

Conn was surprised to see him. Derryth had led the fyrd up the mountain. ‘Shouldn’t you be waiting for us on top of the mountain?’

‘I couldn’t trust you not to do something silly.’ He rode up beside Conn, who handed him the telescope. ‘About thirty men. We are not going to them are we – even you are not that foolhardy…?’

‘No.’ Conn turned his horse to the mountain as the sun set. ‘Anyway, I’m not foolhardy’.

‘You could have fooled me.’

‘And me.’ Halla added.

It was dark as Conn finally arrived at the camp. It was a good site, and Logistics had been preparing a camp for almost two and a half thousand men.

Conn grabbed a meal and a tankard of ale and headed to his tent. He had thirteen Majors in his fyrd – each Major commanded four companies of men. Each company was commanded by a Captain who was in charge of eight squads. They spent the next hours going over orders for the next few days.

At dawn squads of Sagittari left the mountain side to harry the enemy, and in their central position over the roadway between Ridlah and Trokiak, they were ideally positioned to interrupt supplies and communications. Anything not totally protected was fair game; Conn wanted the Gatinan to be so annoyed that they would march towards him; he didn’t have the numbers to compete with them in their own environment. Conn had a lot of “other world” experience fighting insurgents – and this time he was the insurgent. Conn wanted to inflict maximum damage with minimal losses.

A new resupply route had to be created through the mountains to their east, and Conn sent pigeons to get Arlen to attempt to enter Trokian directly to the west. Conn sent a squad of Logistical support to try and meet him. They were also responsible for setting up a “pony express” communications system to supplement his one way communications of pigeons. Unfortunately, he only had Trokian, Susa or Menia bred pigeons and that was a slow network. He was also running out of pigeons, and his last pair of pigeons were sent to tell an old Troakian friend, Abrecan the merchant, that they had arrived “nearby”.

The “pony express”, when set up with stables every 10 miles, could cover up to two hundred miles in a day. It would, if a pathway through the mountains behind him could be found, provide an excellent system of rapid communication between him and Dor and from Dor to the rest of his network.

Communication would make a significant difference because, within days his Sagittari were having a significant effect of the Gatinans. Their entire resupply and communications network was being decimated; anything travelling along the road ways would feel the force of several hundred Sagittari swooping by and leaving behind dead and dying wiga. Many wiga quickly realized that surrendering was the only viable option – especially once their Commanders were killed – and once the knowledge spread that they weren’t going to get executed as prisoners – and in fact be fed good food.

Consequently, Conn now had to deal with a steady flow of prisoners, both wounded and able. As they watched another group of prisoners arrive in the camp, Derryth shook his head in surprise.

‘We will have more Gatinans here soon then they have down there. And they eat like horses. What are you going to do with them?’

‘I’m not sure – yet. It is certainly not something that I’d planned for – certainly not these numbers.’ They went in search of Daigh, who he had entrusted with guarding logistics as they headed west to Dor. He asked him what he had seen in the valley north of their position in the mountains.

‘It is largely deserted – as we went west there were more people – they were either from the Villages closer to Trokiak.’

‘What is the closest Thane demesne?’

‘I think it was called Ushu or something – but it is deserted – and the Thane is either in Trokiak or dead. Their overlord is the Eaorl of Temah – and they think he died at Ridlah.’

‘Will it make a good prison?’ Conn described what he wanted and Daigh was delegated to set it up. After a few days, the prisoners were transported down to the Village and set to work rebuilding, repairing, and farming – under guard by Sagittari would were no longer capable of fighting because of injury. The Valkeri were also sent to provide additional security.

They were not over taxed – the Gatinans were more than happy to be away from fighting – they were warm, dry and being fed – and the daily rain showers were causing discomfort for all combatants without appropriate shelter – which the Gatinans didn’t have having destroyed Temah. Most prisoners were also not professional wiga – and were not Nobles. His first significant prisoners arrived in the third week of fighting. An Eaorl and his small force had been surrounded, after they had rashly decided to pursue a squad of Sagittari that had attacked their patrol. Despite being easier to kill than capture them, the Captain of the company had made a decision to try – and he would be a rich man as a consequence – the Eaorl would pay a significant ransom for his freedom.

Conn went to meet his new guests on their arrival. As he got closer, one was complaining bitterly, about how they were all cowards who didn’t meet him in a full fight, and the like. Conn saw that it was a young man in his early twenties who was making the noise. When he saw Conn, he stopped.

‘You must be the feorrancund I’ve heard about – you are in charge of this murderous rabble aren’t you?’ He sneered.

‘I am. I gather you are a little disappointed that you are alive?’

He looked strangely at Conn before proceeding. ‘If this filth hadn’t ambushed me, they would be dead and I’d be still alive and free – cowardly pond slime that they are. If my hands weren’t tied, I’d show them a lesson ...’

Before he had time to say anything else, Conn hoisted him roughly off his horse, spun him around and untied his hands. Conn took his cape from his shoulder and said. ‘Perhaps you’ll show me then. What weapon do you choose?’

The young man was confused, it seemed that he had just wanted to vent as much as he liked – he was obviously used to browbeating his way around.

‘I asked – what weapon do you want? If you win, you get to leave – if you lose … well, you just lose.’

Still flustered, he chose his sword. Conn chose a similar blade and ordered him to commence fighting. He started out bravely – but within minutes, even he knew he was being toyed with. Despite many opportunities, Conn would deflect his thrust and instead of killing him would deftly cork a muscle or bruise a rib or a give him a welt on another part of his body. After twenty minutes he could hardly stand, his body ached; every muscle was in spasm and it hurt when he breathed. But there was no visible wound on him – though he would be swollen, black and blue for days. He sank to his knees, dropped his sword from his aching hands and through swollen lips cried out; ‘For mercy sake, just kill me.’

Conn handed his sword to one of his wiga. ‘No need for that, I’m sure that your Eaorldom will pay for you. But then again, given that you are an arrogant little shit, I don’t know that they will. I guess it will depend on if you have an heir already or not.’ Leaving him prone on the ground, Conn walked over to the other captives; some of which were clearly Nobles. ‘Name and rank please.’

A middle aged noble stepped forward. ‘I am Conary, Thane of Samos in Eryx. You have met our Eaorl, Demne.’ He nodded to the figure on the forest floor. ‘What are you going to do with him?’ Surprisingly, he was more curious than worried.

‘Let him recover – perhaps he will have some humility when he wakes up. But we won’t kill him – yet. Depends on how annoying he proves to be.’

‘He is fairly annoying. What about the rest of us?’

‘You will remain my prisoners until we ransom you – including your Eaorl. Unless of course your Aebeling rescue you! I’ll be putting you all to work – in exchange for the food I have to give you! A little hard work might do him some good as well. Of course, I don’t know how long that is going to take.’

‘I understand. We will do whatever you say. At least we are still alive. We all thought we’d be dead by now.’ Conary shrugged as he followed the guard away; collecting the Eaorl as they passed.

The beating served a purpose; any new captives quickly learnt that if they complained, they would be given a sword and a fight to the death with the Thane – and as great as the temptation was, they didn’t want to do that. It took a week before the Eaorl could walk without pain.



After two weeks of daily sorties into the fringes of the Gatinan fyrd, they observed the largest gathering of forces so far that seemed intent on dealing with the “problem”. It was a two pronged attack – they had determined that Conn’s forces were located at the head of a valley and they also determined that he had considerable forces in the Village of Ushu – though they probably didn’t realize that most of them were Gatinans.

‘How many did you see?’ Conn asked the scouts that had returned with the latest news. The Majors were all gathered in Conn’s tent.

‘Over a thousand heading up the valley – mostly cavalry – while a mixed force of cavalry and infantry are marching towards Ushu.’

‘Strange behaviour.’ He turned around and addressed the Majors. ‘Plan B it is; everyone know what to do?’

They all nodded; and Conn continued.

‘Very well; let’s go and do it then.’

It was all very bloody; and soon over five hundred men lay dead – and very few of them were from Conn’s fyrd. The Gatinan cavalry lead by Rakians Commanders ran into a wall of pikemen in front of two hundred archers; when they turned to flee they ran into Cataphracts. Not a pretty sight.

Those on the pathway to Ushu found their right flank being harassed by Sagittari and when they turned to face them, the undefended rear was attacked by more Cataphracts. More dead, more wounded and more prisoners. A very small rear guard was all that escaped and returned to report on the very serious losses incurred by the Gatinan forces, and while Conn regretted that his losses were reaching into the hundred, the Gatinans were losing thousands. For the next two days, the prisoners dug graves for their comrades.

The final tally was over four hundred dead and over a thousand prisoners; swelling his prison camp to almost fifteen hundred. Luckily a second company of Valkeri had arrived to assist with guarding the prisoners.

Having now lost four of his ten fyrds, the Aebeling of Gatina had wisely decided to send no more forces against Conn’s fyrd; instead he doubled his efforts to break into the fortified donjon, but it was clear to Conn now that he was unable to progress very far with that either. Information gained from prisoners indicated that the Gatinans were all for withdrawing but the Rakians were not allowing that from happening. The Eoarl of Motya seemed to be the driving force behind the entire campaign – and he would no doubt have heard about what had happened to the former Healdend of Kania.

Hall, Conn and Derryth had ridden to the highest point overlooking the plains and the town of Trokiak in the distance.

‘Do you think it’s time?’ Conn asked somewhat rhetorically.

Derryth shrugged. ‘His supply lines are withering; he has lost over a third of his forces – and the rest are reluctant at best. Things have not turned out as they expected. This is as good a time as ever.’

‘Indeed – and we do have pigeons again.’ They had finally received a supply of Trokian pigeons from Abrecan. It was still one way, but at least they could tell the Wealdend of Trokia what they were doing.

The year was getting late; spring was long past and summer was almost finished. There was a need for this to be over before winter as he had too many prisoners to survive a winter in a tent.

‘I think it is time to do the marathon.’

‘The what?’

‘You will see.’

Days later, after moving his entire force down the mountain in the cover of night, Conn led a company of Sagittari with an audacious plan – which he hoped worked. Travelling further down the plain than ever before, waves of Sagittari attacked the main Gatinan fyrd camped outside of Trokiak as sunlight hit the mountains. Both Halla and Derryth rode with him, and they led the first of eight companies of the best horses and archers in Meshech; each armed with about 30 arrows, from about 300 yards they would start firing, 10 arrows in 30 seconds; their horses at a gallop but smooth over the uneven terrain; by about 150 yards they would have used half their arrows and the entire force would swing in an arch until they turned around and fired the rest as they left. It would take them about two minutes to fire the thirty arrows.

In waves, a new company would engage as soon as the other had completed their run; the eight companies meant that over two thousand arrows would be fired at the Gatinans in less than an hour. Returned, they changed horses and did it again; and five thousand arrows later, the Gatinans had finally had enough; with hundreds of men dead or injured, the Gatinans formed a fyrd of several thousand men and charged uphill.

Unluckily for them, over the rise and waiting for them to arrive were the pikemen in front of bowmen, and supported by the artillery whose first volleys of stone scattered the advancers. Almost simultaneously an arrow flew into the sky and exploded into a red flare; signally the next part of the plan. Moments later, a flare was sent from the town. All was set, and the MacLeod Pipe band started to play.

In the distance, the gates of Trokiak should be opening and what cavalry and infantry they still had, should be streaming out to attack the rear of the Gatinan forces. It didn’t take the Gatinans too long to realize their position; the sight of the war of phalanxes, the bombardment by arrows and artillery, and the new warning that the Trokians were attacking from behind them caused them panic and they tried to turn around, losing formation.

This of course was error number something large, and now mounted at a Cataphract on the black stallion, Conn led two companies of fully armoured horses into a charge of the confused Trokians. As the Gatinans saw the oncoming cavalry they tried to turn and defend; but there were too many holes to stop the charge of horses who plowed through the line of men. The lances having taken out the first line, the riders used their swords to cleaver a path through to the other side of the fryd; and when the Gatinans saw Conn prepare to charge again, the fyrd simply collapsed; they dropped their weapons and ran in all directions.

Two hundred fully mounted knights on the largest horses you have ever seen charging at you with a long lance is enough to put the terrors into a real wiga – let alone a conscript who didn’t want to be there – and the battle quickly turned into a rout.

With the collapse, Conn trumpeted the retreat of his forces, giving the Gatinans the opportunity to surrender. They needed no second invitation and in the face of overwhelming defeat, they stopped and raised their arms into the air. Very quickly, the Sagittari surrounded the forces. Of the more than two thousand that had engaged Conn’s forces; hundreds lay dead on the field, with hundreds more injured. The Gatinan fyrd had been defeated – or at least this part had. On a further signal, the Cataphracts turned and headed for Trokian to assist with any ongoing battles there; the other half of their force having been sent there initially.

Conn waited for the leaders of the Fyrd to be brought to him; and they symbolically handed over their swords. Both were middle aged, one an Eaorl, the other the son of; one was even a Ratakian.

‘Dubhghlas, Thane il Mazara’; ‘Amargein il Motya.’ They bowed reluctantly but respectfully. ‘We place ourselves at your mercy.’

‘Conn il Haran; but I suspect you know who I am. Motya; are you not a long way from home?’

He shrugged. ‘The Aebeling is my kinsmen; I wanted to ensure he stayed alive. I was just helping out.’

‘I’ll bet. Is not Alric il Rakia also your cousin?’

‘Yes he is.’

‘Cosy little arrangement isn’t it. I suppose he was just helping out as well.’

The Ratakian ignored the barb. ‘Thane, is not Haran a part of Lykia? Can you tell us why you have chosen to be drawn into this internal conflict between neighbours?’

‘It is not just neighbours but also neighbours of neighbours. I was doing the same – as you can see, I am not a Lykian and my wiga are all from Silekia and they are in conflict with Rakia. We just wanted to help our neighbour as well. And as for my mercy, you will have to wait to see what that looks like.’





Chapter 04


As Conn spoke to the two Eaorls, messengers arrived to tell him that the entire Galatian force had surrendered, and that he was requested to attend the battlefront near Trokiak.

As he rode towards the town it was obvious it had been a major loss for the Galatian forces – of all those that participated, perhaps just over half would return – and whatever problems Conn had before today dwarfed into insignificance with what lay ahead.

Derryth and Halla rode with Conn and his Cataphracts as they travelled towards Trokiak.

‘It is wrong to be impressed by the administration of mass death,’ Derryth offered, ‘but it was truly impressive.’

Conn shook his head. ‘Clinical – and such a huge loss of life; thankfully not that many of ours, but Gatina will remember this event for ever.’

As they rode to the town, they were met by a welcome committee; several Trokian Folctoga and the Major of the Silekian archer company, Eocho; who made the introductions.

Eocho il Pelva was a cousin of Sebbi of Pelva and had joined Conn’s fyrd after Conn had returned the stolen Evalyn to her bedda some years earlier. Conn had trained him so that he had become Major of the archery division.

‘Thane, this is Aisly, Aebeling of Trokia and Leon, her Folctoga.’

Despite being on horseback, they bowed respectfully to Conn; Aisly was dressed as a Valkeri with modifications; her clothing less humble. She looked as if she was in her late thirties, with round face, dark brown eyes and long brown hair. Young, she must have been very beautiful, as she still remained extremely attractive. Conn thought that she was old for an Aebeling. The Wealdend must be very old.

‘It is hard to believe that one who is a Thane in Lykia would travel so far to provide us with assistance, but we are most grateful. As I see you now, though, I see that you are no normal Thane.’ She looked to the Valkeri on one side and the Twacuman on the other. ‘And you travel with unusual companions as well. I have not met with one of my kin from Cyme for many years, and the last time that a Twacuman visited Trokia is not in my memory. Welcome to you both.’

‘About seventy five years’, Derryth offered, ‘my grandfather visited your great grandfather with his father. Before your great grandmother usurped the position.’ Derryth recalled the events so matter of factually, that Conn was surprised to see the flush of colour in Aisly’s face. Obviously, they didn’t see things quite the same way. But she had the control to let it slide.

Aisly continued. ‘As the victory is yours, Thane, we do not lay claim to prisoners or booty. What do you propose to do with the Gatinans?’

‘I propose to send the majority home, as soon as possible; so that they can get back before winter. Those that can be ransomed, I will keep until the ransom has been paid. Once I know who is here I will send demands. Do we have the Aebeling?’

‘Yes we do, Thane’, Eocho interrupted, ‘But he has been severely wounded. It is doubtful that he will live.’

‘Well we must try and ensure that he does. He is better to us alive than dead. Has he been seen by a Medic?’

‘I believe not – they will not let us touch him.’

Conn shrugged. ‘I don’t believe I gave them a choice…’

Conn rode with the Trokians to where the Aebeling was being held, in a tent in the middle of the field devastated by weeks of feet and hooves – mixed with rain. It was a quagmire. They alighted and found the Aebeling surrounded by his personal staff; refusing to allow Conn’s medics to see him.

Conn walked towards the group of men and one had the tenacity to stand in his way; Conn dropped him to the ground with a right cross. He crumbled to the mud.

‘Gentlemen; I’ve had a very bad morning where I have seen men and boys that I have taken responsibility for die in front of me because of an unjust war that I didn’t invite. So, I’m in a very bad mood. The next person who stands in my way with feel my dagger slit a hole in his gut so big that his hands will not be able to keep his innards in. Which one of you is that going to be?’

They melted away in front of him and he walked to the Aebeling laying on the ground. Conn’s medics went forward and immediately started to assess the condition of the Aebeling, quickly removing his armour and soiled clothing. He was almost unconscious and two arrow wounds were apparent and still bleeding. They went to work cleaning, removing the arrows, stitching and bandaging the wounds. As they worked, Conn went outside and observed the work of his men dealing with the battle field; as for the medics, he had personally trained these men; they knew almost as much as him, and had a lot of practise over the last weeks.

The lead medic came out. ‘Thane, the wounds have been closed, but I fear that he has lost too much blood. They did not stop the bleeding early enough.’

‘Then he is going to need a transfusion. Set it up.’ Conn instructed. He looked to the Gatinans, ‘You probably don’t know what that is so I’ll explain. Your Aebeling has lost a lot of blood. He needs replacement blood. Sadly I don’t know which type he is, or any of you, and I don’t have time to find out. Luckily I’m type ‘O’, and that is called a universal donor.’ Conn paused to take off his armour and his shirt, as the medics prepared. Conn went inside and sat down beside the Aebeling offering his arm to one of the medics.

It was primitive but it was the best that Conn was able to invent in Haran, fine bamboo needles attached to a fairly coarsely extruded rubber hose with a hand pump; it would allow his blood to be transferred into the Aebeling. Tying a tourniquet to his arm, the Medic inserted the needle into Conn’s arm and when the blood began to flow, he inserted the other needle into the neck vein of the Aebeling. All they could do now was wait.

The Gatinans were horrified at what they thought was a barbaric act, but the swords of Derryth and Halla prevented them from moving. Halla with her hands out stretched showed to all that she was band-less. Aisly, Aebeling of Trokia, was shocked, ‘Cousin, your arms – does that mean..?

Halla nodded, ‘Yes, it does. I am theow.’ There was little else she could say.

Silence prevailed as they observed the strange occurrence, and after about 30 minutes, the Aebeling began to breathe easier, and as colour returned to his face, he looked like he might live. They unhitched Conn from the transfusion line, and after consulting with Aisly, Conn gave instructions that the Aebeling was to be moved carefully into Trokiak, and to be under guard at all times. Despite their loud protests, his personal staff were to have no contact with him whatsoever – just in case they tried to undo their efforts – until Conn gave them permission. The alternative of a slow death brought them around to Conn’s way of thinking.

Aisly stood in awe. ‘Thane, I have just seen a dying man come back to life. Is your blood magic?’

He laughed. ‘Sadly no, it is just what we call science in Taransay; we all have blood in our bodies. If we lose blood we die. If we are given someone’s blood directly into a vein we can live. The problem is that there are four different types of blood – if I give you mine, you will live but your mother’s might kill you. Which is the right blood is the hardest thing to determine. The Aebeling will live because my type of blood is suitable for everyone.’ He returned to stand in front of the Gatinan nobles assembled. ‘Who is the Aebeling’s medic?’

A middle aged, overweight man stepped forward. He stated proudly that he was the private medic to the Aebeling and the Healdend.

‘I don’t know what you are so proud of – your lack of skills almost cost your Aebeling his life. I want you to go with one of my medic teams and work on the wounded.’ The Medic was protesting strongly until an arrow from Derryth hit the dirt between his legs. He went white.

‘We seem to have a communication problem – if you don’t follow my orders you join the dead. I have no time to negotiate. I expect you to work on your wounded until there is no one left untreated. Is that clear?’ He nodded, still shaking with fear. ‘Good, now go.’ He scampered off to the waiting medic team and they went in search of wounded.

Conn continued. ‘Gatinans, you have suffered a defeat of true significance. Your names will be vilified for generations. Today is not a time for recriminations; today your men need you. It is not their fault that they have been dragged into this war. I need your help to ensure that, by the end of today, all your men are disarmed and are either back in their camps with food or in the hospital tents getting attention for their wounds.’

Conn’s Logistics Corp had been tasked with cleaning up the mess, and had already sprang into action, but it was a massive task, and they needed all the help they could get.

Conn continued. ‘You will have to bury the dead today; so graves must be dug. Every person must be named and identified before he is buried. My heralds will assist you with these activities. All weapons must be surrendered, as must all animals. You are allowed your clothing and personal possessions only. You must ensure that everyone has a tent to sleep in and something to keep them warm. If you do not have food; that will be supplied as well.’

Conn looked at Eocho, who nodded and responded.

‘Thane, a large supply of food arrived a few days ago; a dozen ships from Menia and Atrak. Abrecan has arranged for it to be unloaded to ox wagons and it will be here as soon as you give the order.’

‘So ordered.’ Eocho sent a wiga to Abrecan, while Conn continued to address the Gatinan Eaorls and Folctoga; whose had spent the entire time in total silence.

‘Gentlemen, you do not have much time, return to your men and set to work. I will be setting up a command post, and you will return there this evening. If you have questions, please ask any of my officers. Oh, and if you fail to perform these instructions to an acceptable standard, any ransom that I set on your name will double – if you even live to see tomorrow.’ Conn paused to contemplate the group. ‘Does anyone have any questions?’

They looked nervously at each other. One gained courage and stepped forward. ‘What about punishments – will you be executing anyone?’

Conn shook his head. “I might look like a barbarian but I am not. You will only have to be concerned if you have treated anyone in contravention of the Rules of War – or if your family decide not to pay your ransom.’

The Rules of Law were a set of standards not unlike the Geneva Convention, and they had been set down by the first Casere. All wiga knew what they were and understood the consequences. Conn was starting to develop a real appreciation for the first Casere.

The Eaorls, Thanes and Folctoga set out immediately, relieved that they might just live to see another day. Aisly and her Folctoga had watched and waited quietly all this time.

Soon after, the Aebeling came up and stood beside him; ‘Thane, that was very impressive. I find it impossible to think that your rank is only that of Thane…’

Conn smiled at the lady whose clothing seem to have loosened and her bosom seemed to be much larger than before. ‘I have made it a policy to not let rank restrict my ambitions or actions.’

‘I gathered as much from the letter from cousin Driscol I received recently asking as to your health – he seems to hold you in high regard – even if he sounded somewhat perplexed. He certainly seemed concerned about your wellbeing.’ She rested her hand on his elbow. ‘So will you join me this evening – we will hold a feast in celebration of your great victory. We have much to be grateful for.’ Her eyelashes fluttered on the last comment.

‘Aebeling, I apologize but I must disappoint you this evening. I will attend as soon as all is put right here. It is not for me to leave such responsibility in the hands of others.’

‘Very well, if you must. Leon, my Folctoga, will stay with you and whatever you want he will make happen. I will return to the Castle and do my work there. When you are ready, please come and be our guest.’



It took a week before the two fyrds were sorted, and Conn surprised everyone by ordering the fit and healthy to go home. If they left now, they would be able to get there before winter set in and snow covered the mountain passes. Conn had allowed them geldings and some stallions only to ride – the mares or better stallions were now part of his personal horse breeding program. The Thanes had their swords returned to them. They were family heirlooms and were gratefully received. Everything else was collected, loaded on ships, and sent to Atrak. If he was going to need it at all, he would need it there.

Nobles of any level were not allowed to leave; they would go home by ship after a ransom was paid. Nor were any of the Rakians allowed to leave – Conn sent them all to work at the demesne of Ushu doing whatever needed doing – including lots of stone wall fences, drains and ditches. Conn didn’t trust Fallon il Rakia so set the wergild for the Rakian contingent as a package price – if the wanted one, they had to pay for them all – from Eaorl to wiga.

Conn arranged for the list of survivors and the ransom conditions to be sent to the Healdend in Gatina; he could pass on the letter of demand to the Rakians. Six million Ryals would go a long way to paying the costs of this expedition – and that was just the Rakian portion. As well as gold, Conn made a range of other requests to the Gatinan Healdend.

Conn though that he was being reasonable while the others thought he was being generous.

When the plains around Trokiak were clearing of Gatinan wiga, Conn had the majority of his fyrd transported back to Lykia on ships – they had arrived weekly into Trokiak with grain and other commodities, and without much to take on the return voyage, it was appropriate to return the Silekian wiga to their families. He retained a thousand Sagittari and support divisions to guard the prisoners, and with the Thane of Ushu deceased, Conn was able to retain control over the demesne for as long as he wanted.

Yet more wiga were sent home by road – they had several hundred head of horses and donkeys – booty from the defeated Gatinan and Rakian fyrds – to take to Conn’s breeding farms in Lykia.

Before every wiga departed Trokia, however, they were paraded in dress uniform to the centre of Trokian, where Conn had the Wealdend of Trokian affix the first campaign medal ever issued in Meshech. The ribbon was gold ribbon with a round cast bronze medallion depicting an image of a Trokian merchant Lymphad. The words “For Service” and the year was cast around the image.

The campaign medal had been prepared prior to the campaign, and additional service was recognized by the three medals created for courage; a Bronze Cross for Bravery, a Silver Cross for Gallantry and a Gold Cross for Valor. The Bronze Cross was issued to anyone that had been wounded in combat, while the other two were issued to additional acts of bravery. By the end of the presentations, Conn had awarded over a hundred Silver Crosses and just over twenty Gold Crosses to his wiga – and even some to Trokian wiga on the recommendation of Eocho.

The pride in which they received the medals confused the Wealdend.

‘Why would they value such trinkets? Surely they would prefer gold instead?’ she asked as she assisted Conn in the pinning on of hundreds of medals.

However, when rumbling amongst her own wiga became loud enough, she begrudgingly requested that Conn allow her to award the same medals to her own wiga.

When Conn finally moved into Trokiak several weeks after the final battle, he moved into accommodation, despite the protestations of the Aebeling, arranged for him in by Abrecan; in an Inn at the waterfront. On his first night in the town, however, the Aebeling instead that he be her guest at an official feast to celebrate the victory over Gatina. She claimed that she had spent weeks organized the feast.

So as not to look too shabby, Conn dressed his entire entourage in the finest and latest clothing just arrived from Atrak; vibrant silk, opulent wools and luxurious cottons. The two Valkeri were ravishing in their sheer and hardly substantial choli and lehenga with new silk scarfs. The choli were embroided but open backed and arm-less and the little silk there was fought valiantly to keep their breasts under wraps. Between the choli and the lehenga was skin – and with the Valkeri it was wiga taunt.

As Conn arrived he found that there was skin everywhere; because of its connection to Cyme, it seemed the fashion of all the women in Trokia was minimal at best; extensive bosoms and plunging cleavage was the order of the day. The Aebeling greeted everyone as they arrived; and she welcomed Conn and his party especially warmly. It was Conn’s first time into the stone walled castle, and it struck him that it was definitely the newest of all the main towns that he had seen – and the poorer construction was probably because it had not been built by the Ancuman hundreds of years previously. It also struck Conn as strange that there was no voice in his head – no annoying Gyden to bother him, but then there was no Cirice in Trokiak because the Cirice was in Old Trokiak – and where was Old Trokiak?

Conn was roused from his musing by Aisly running her hand down his jacket.

‘That is just magnificent. The clothing that is coming from Lykiak is to die for.’ She did a little twirl. Her skirt was expensive – and the choli being encrusted in gems – what there was of it – made the pairing one of the most expensive items his Emporiums had sold. ‘This cost me a fortune! How do I look? Do you think it suits me?’

Conn hated questions like that but at least he didn’t have to lie. ‘Aebeling; you look truly beautiful.’ He bowed slightly, ‘You are truly radiant and your presence lights up the room’. Perhaps just a little lying.

‘Thank you Thane, I am honored.’ She came to his side and steered him towards her mother and whispered, Conn’s arm resting on her right breast. ‘And just between you and me, this is not the only room I’m told that I light up in...’

As well as her mother Kiley, Aisly introduced him around the room – and also to a young girl called Eadan. ‘Eadan is my cousin – she is also a descendant of Fastvi, the first of our house who was Wealdend in Trokia. She is also my heir as I do not have any children. Her mother is the Eaorl of Hatu – you will meet her later, I’m sure.’ She rolled her eyes at the last comment.

Eadan smiled at the comment, rose and bowed politely to Conn. ‘Thane of Atrak; our house is forever indebted to your house. We will never forget.’

As Conn walked away, he looked back at the young girl who had resumed her seat with her friends. ‘How old is she?’

Aisly paused before answering. ‘She will be sixteen next spring – if you want her for bedda that can be …’

Conn interrupted her train of thought. ‘No, nothing like that … I was just wondering…’

By the time Conn was ready to return to his table he had met more people than he could remember – and he was dying for a large tankard of ale. However, he was still to be disappointed and he was led back to the main table where Kiley stood and the room went quiet.

Kiley, Wealdend of Trokia, granddaughter of a Valkeri wiga, was almost seventy, very old for anyone in Meshech, but still regal and authoritative. She bowed her head to Conn as he arrived, as did the whole court, who were now standing in appreciation.

‘Conn il Taransay, Thane of Atrak, and’, she then read from a document handed to her by an official, ‘Thane il Veii, Faleri, Atrak, Rupina, Ebusos, in Lykia and Thane of Barek and Samal in Moetia. You are welcomed to Trokiak as our rescuer – there is little doubt without your archers on our walls and you and your men outside the walls, it would have been little time before we were overrun by our once good friends from the south. You have our heartfelt thanks and you must know that a fitting reward for your service is only yours to request.’

Conn bowed back, ‘Wealdend, I thank you for the welcome. I was only doing what needed to be done.’

She smiled back, ‘Be that as it may – many could have stood with you but they didn’t.’ She turned to the crowd. ‘Over these last weeks, I’ve been pleased to assist the Thane to present to the wiga of Silekia and Trokia with medals – to recognize their bravery and service to our people. I would like to present to the Thane a gift of significance.’ She stopped as servants brought forward a wooden box. They opened the case and revealed a sword; it looked like a Gladius; the same size and shape if a little longer. It was a fine weapon, and the scabbard was decorated in gold and silver. She handed it to Conn ceremoniously.

‘Conn il Taransay, Thane of Atrak, on behalf of a grateful people please accept this sword. We know little of its history, except to say that we believe that it was manufactured by craeftiga in Silekia some hundred years ago, so it is appropriate that it be given to someone with such strong ties to Silekia.’

Conn received the weapon respectfully, and as a bladesmith, he noticed immediately two things about it that were unusual. The first was that it had a gem embedded into the pommel – a large one. The second thing was that the gem was not part of the original weapon – it had been added carefully, but much later. There was mystery surrounding the blade. They handed him the box as well and he returned to the table and rested the box on the table he returned the sword to the box.

Derryth watched him returned the sword and suddenly reached into the case as he was about to close it. He took out a smaller box – it was elaborately carved.

‘What’s this?’

‘No idea… does it look familiar?’

‘No…’ He paused for a moment. ‘Do you mind if I keep it out?’

‘Not at all.’

Conn sat as food and drink was passed around the room. The longhus was very long, and it was packed to the rafters. One guest sitting at the back was Devnet, Aebeling of Gatina. Conn had requested that he be allowed to attend the feast. He was still weak but was recovering quickly, and he would be able to be sent home when the wergild arrived. Later, Conn went to greet him; and he bowed when Conn arrived. He was still too weak to stand.

‘Thane, it is a difficult balance when the man responsible for my worst hour is also responsible for life. And while I am grateful for you for saving my life, I am curious why you bothered. Surely I would be better to you dead.’

‘One could think that, but it would depend on what you consider my objective to be, Aebeling; but it seems to me that you would be very cautious about taking to the field against my fyrd again, and it is best for me that we have caution in our enemy’s mind.’

Devnet smiled thinly. ‘True, I would like to have a lot more disciplined wiga at my disposal if we were to meet again – and perhaps some better Folctoga.’ He changed the subject, pointed to the room. ‘You have mastery over his room, Thane. What do you intend to exercise your power?’

Conn smiled back. Devnet was no fool. ‘True power is exercised with subtlety, Aebeling, true control is felt, but not seen.’

He nodded ruefully, ‘That would explain your ransom demands. They are surprisingly reasonable, perhaps excessively so. It will hardly weaken Gatina and certainly not destroy it, so I begin to see subtlety at play. It is surprising that you would take just a single Thane demesne when you could have more – albeit you have asked for one with a harbor. The most surprising is that you have requested a single bedda from any Eaorl’s family. I don’t understand what you hope to gain?’

Conn sat down beside him. ‘I already have enough land to grow and raise whatever I need – but there is money to be made buying and selling goods – and to get goods around, you need harbors – and good harbors. Have you seen my ships?’

‘The ones with the golden sun? Unfortunately yes – I understand the Rakians had some issues with them.’

‘I think they know better now. Anyway, the ships need much bigger docks than you have in Gatina – so I will have to build my own. As for the bedda – the demesne will require an heir.’

Devnet paused to consider the information. He finally nodded. ‘I guess I understand – but it is still very perplexing.’

‘Perhaps – but there are never winners, only losers in wars, Aebeling; it is just that one side loses less than the other – and to be made to suffer more than necessary only creates future problems. Fear, restraint and caution are my aims; if I have created that, I will have done well. My other aim now is to help rebuild Gatina. There is no profit for me in making it too poor to buy my goods. When you get home, I hope we both work to achieve that.’

‘Perhaps, Thane, perhaps.’

After Conn had returned to his table, the young Earl of Moha, Cenlinda, came and greeted him again. She had with her another girl who she introduced as the Eaorl of Ridlah; they were both barely wearing anything. Her name was Godlyn. She bowed respectfully and thanked him profusely for his assistance.

‘You are very young to be an Eaorl, Godlyn. Did your father fight against the Gatinans?’

She nodded. ‘Also my mother – she was the Eaorl – they tried to prevent the Gatinans crossing the river that makes our border but were simply outnumbered – and of course when the Rakians attacked from behind, they all died.’

‘How did you survive?’

‘My mother put me on a ship – the Captain is a friend of yours – Eggar. He managed to save many women and children on the last day.’

Godlyn continued. ‘There is another matter that I have come to speak to you about – I understand that Cenlinda has offered herself as bedda and her demesne as dowry. I know that you declined – but if I am more to your liking...’ she waved her hands down her body – which was equally delectable if smaller and lithe in comparison, ‘then I would be happy to make the same offer for your consideration.’

‘I thank you Godlyn; it is most generous of you, but I have an alternative suggestion.’ Conn detailed his plan and they left to consider it – promising to speak to him tomorrow,

Halla had been watching silently, with interest. She watched the two young girls leave. She mocked him; ‘I would like to tell everyone to be wary of my master because he is cunning and devious, but alas I cannot as I am theow. Were you not tempted to try Godlyn before you rejected her – after all you did “try” Cenlinda?’

‘It was only the once – and she wanted to show her gratitude…’

‘Gratitude indeed…’

Derryth had been sitting quietly as well; he had the small carved box in his hands and he has spent some time turning it over in his hands. ‘If we all showed our gratitude to you that way, Feorhhyrde, you’d never get out of bed. Anyway, that is nothing – there is something very weird about this box. We will have to wait until we have light to see – even my eyes can’t see anything in this fog of smoke. Someone should install my chimneys…’

‘Tearing it all down and starting again would be the better option I think.

After a lot more music, food, alcohol and dancing – most of the dancers were topless, the party petered out and people started leaving for home. Conn was about to follow Abrecan out the door when a servant rushed over to him.

‘Thane – my master the Aebeling has asked that you stay a little longer. She has something that she needs to discuss with you urgently.’

Halla laughed. ‘Perhaps she wants to show her gratitude as well... maybe we will see you in a week …’

‘It’s nothing like that – it must be something to do with the war…’

Conn was wrong and Halla was right – the servant guided him through the rooms of the donjon until he reached the room where Aisly was waiting for him, it was a bedroom and she had on less clothes than before. In fact she was topless.

Ignoring the presence of servant, she walked up to Conn and started to undress him, handing the servant, a young lady, his clothes as she removed them. ‘Let me show you just how much I light up this room…’

~x061~





Chapter 05


Over the next days, Conn had the first of many meetings with Kiley and Aisly; there was much to discuss. As well as a campaign and valor medals, Conn had also created another award system – one he called the “Order of the Cirice”. He wanted a way to recognize individuals for service to their people, either as a wiga or a civilian, and he was happy to use the Gyden to help him.

Loosely based on the “Order of the White Lion”, it had five levels – the last one two were equivalent to a Knighthood – not that they knew what a Knighthood was – but these recipients would be called ‘Sir”. The first four level gave the member a possibility of a seat in a proposed “People’s Assembly” – Conn’s first step in creating a form of democracy in Meshech –whilst a Knight Commander, the highest level, had a permanent seat on the Assembly, and a non-voting seat in the Witan.

Like the Witan, the Assembly would meet at least once a year, before the Witan, and would propose “Bills” for consideration by the Witan. As well as Knight Commanders, it would draw its members in equal parts from Thanes, Guildsmen, Lairds, and Order of the Cirice recipients; representatives of whom would be chosen by election, another new concept, to a maximum of forty members. Conn’s was an insidious plan, a Pandora’s Box that once opened would eventually consume all of Meshech – but in a good way.

He spent a lot of time explaining the Assembly, and after some hesitation, Ailsly and Kiley finally agreed to its establishment, and to recognizing members of the Order of the Cirice in the manner that Conn wished.

The order had its first showing at the next feast. Conn had arranged for Abrecan and his sons to be his guest at the dinner, and at the appropriate time, Kiley got up and explained about the ‘Order of the Cirice” and its different levels.

She then called forward about thirty Troakians for special mention. Most were appointed to the lower levels of Member or Officer, while Eaorls and Thanes who had fought were rewarded with the rank of Commander. Kiley then awarded the rank of Knight to her Folctoga, Leon, and her daughter. The rank was acknowledged by a neck collar or breast star in silver. Leon placed his next to his valor and campaign medals. She informed everyone that Leon was now to be called Sir Leon.

After the clapping has stopped, she spoke. ‘We would be remiss if we did not acknowledge others who have done so much for Trokia. One of those in the merchant Abrecan. Abrecan please come forward.’

The crowd was surprised and noticeably so. Kiley shushed them.

‘Everyone who knows anything about the events of this year will know that the counsel of Abrecan, merchant of Trokiak, has been instrumental in helping us deal with the situation that we found ourselves in – he has put his resources and trading network to the assistance of Trokiak, and we are truly indebted.’ She greeted the surprised merchant. ‘Abrecan, I appoint you as Knight Commander of the Order of the Cirice; and as Knight Commander, you are appointed as Special Counsellor to the Witan of Trokiak. Thank you Sir Abrecan.’

It caused quite a buzz around the room. Abrecan after all was not a noble. He told Conn later that if he had been able to speak with the Wealdend herself over the last year, lives would have been saved. It wasn’t until the defeat at Ridlah that he had been able to speak to her without going through an intermediary. He said that a lot of noses would have been put out of joint by his award.

After Abrecan, Kiley than called forward Wilgar il Melnik, Eocho il Plevan, Leogar il Farah and Daigh il Ar, all of whom were appointed Knights of the Order. Last but no least was Eggar, Captain the ships that had saved so many at Ridlah. He was also made a knight.



When Conn arrived back at the Inn later than evening – he had a meeting with Aisly after the fest, he was surprised to find Jofrid waiting for him.

‘You didn’t have to wait up, Jofrid – I keep telling Halla not to but she doesn’t listen. Where is she anyway?’

‘She is feeling unwell – she thinks she ate something that didn’t agree with her. Did you have a nice meeting with Aisly?’

Conn laughed. There was not a lot said at the meeting that was grunting or other sounds. ‘Indeed it was …pleasant.’

‘Pleasant. She will be disappointed. The Aebeling has a reputation to maintain.’

‘And yet she has no children?’

Jofrid shook her head as she followed Conn upstairs. ‘My cousin has had several bedda – but after they failed to impregnate her, she discarded them – she has been through several Folctoga, some wiga and even a merchant or two – all to no avail. Until now… I wonder if she has heard of your other prowess.’

‘I don’t follow…’ Jofrid helped Conn take off his jacket, and he sat on the bed taking off his boots.

‘Well, if anyone can get the Aebeling of Trokia pregnant – it is you. Anyway,’ she asked as stood and undid the buttons, opening her blouse to expose her breasts, ‘since Halla is inconvenienced, would you like me to stay or go? The Aebeling hasn’t used up all your energy has she?’

Jofrid even half-naked would raise the dead. ‘Well, since you are here...’

Naked, she walked to the bed. ‘You are not going to remember this part of the night as pleasant…’

~x063~



Days later Conn was invited to a meeting of the Witan – there was much to discuss about the House of Assembly. Abrecan was to attend his first meeting as Special Counsel.

They were back in the hall, and tabled had been set up in a triangular arrangement. Kiley, Wealdend, and Aisly, as well as their officials sat on one side; the nine Eaorls and their heirs on another. Godlyn and Cenlinda, heirs of two of the four Eaorls that had died in the campaign, were by themselves.

The third was set aside for Conn, Derryth, Abrecan, and their guests – Leogar il Farah, Daigh il Ar, and Eocho il Plevan.

The Reeve banged a gavel on the table and the Wealdend stood to silence.

‘Witan of Trokia. We today pay homage to all those that sacrificed themselves in this campaign and to say thanks to a man who has chosen to do something that perhaps no other man in Meshech could do. We say thanks also to the men who ably led the wiga under their command, and they are with us today.’

They clapped and then she continued.

‘Seldom does the fate of so many things hinge around a single event or a single man. Long ago in the history of this island there was such a man and it led to the formation of this and the other three Healdend demesnes. Again we see such a man, and, and the saving of Trokia is such an event. We do not know where these events will lead us or Meshech. We once again place ourselves at the mercy of our Gyden.’

‘A Gyden that has forsaken us.’ muttered Beofrith il Gebal, the oldest man in the room.

‘Perhaps Beofrith, perhaps.’ She continued on with other discussions from a list prepared by the Reeve. The worth of Abrecan had been demonstrated already as he was much better informed on matters within the town then even the Reeve and his staff.

He finally announced that Cenlinda il Moha wished to raise a matter for judgement by the Witan.

Cenlinda stood and informed the Witan of her sale of several Thane demesnes to Conn and asked that they be ratified. She also mentioned that Conn wished them to be merged into one demesne.

Kiley was surprised. ‘Thane, you have been busy. I would ask if you are capable of managing such a large demesne but the point is moot. Would you like to speak of your plans for the demesne?’

Conn spent some time telling them of his projects in other parts of Meshech. He finished with the request that the demesne not be that of a Thane but that of a Baron.

All of the Witan were very surprised – except for Aisly and Kiley who recognized it because of the discussions about the “House of Assembly”. They discussed it for a while before agreeing – it was hard to refuse the wishes of someone who had saved you from death.

‘Baron Hebal,’ Kiley tried out his new title, ‘Have you given some thought to what else we may offer you as a reward for your service to Trokia?’

Conn stood, as was the custom for those speaking. ‘Five things, Wealdend. I would have the seat that is vacant in your Witan.’

The Eaorls all looked confused until Beofrith nodded in understanding. ‘Kuita – he would have the Eaorldom of Kuita…’

Kiley was shocked. ‘Why? Kuita is abandoned – it was taken by pirates and renegades over a hundred years ago – the last Eaorl was Ingar and he died in…’ She looked to her official who were rummaging through scrolls.

One called out, ‘790 – he died trying to regain Kuita – no one has tried since.’

‘…790. The Kanian Eaorls of Futah and Gagah are to the south, while Zedah is to the west but they are protected by mountains. The Pirates have a reputation for savagery. They control the bay of Kania and extract tribute from all who pass.

Conn disagreed. ‘Not always – times are currently hard for the pirates as they do not attempt to extract tribute from any of my ships – and as the vast majority of trade into Kania now is on my ships…’

She laughed. ‘So the sun has risen in the bay of Kania. Even given that fact, I cannot imagine why you would want that Eaorldom – I’m even surprised to know that you even know about it. However, if that is what you want, I am delighted to grant you the title Eaorl of Kuita – if the Eaorls have no objections.’ None did so Conn was declared Eaorl of Kuita. He was no longer a guest of the Witan, he was a member.

‘Just a Baron a few moments ago, and now an Eaorl! What are your other requests? Do you want to be Healdend next?’

They all laughed but she was only half joking.

Conn shook his head, ‘No, but given the enormous assistance that Trokia has received from these three men sitting with me,’ Conn had forewarned them, ‘I would like to propose that the Thane of Hatu take Sir Daigh il Ar as bedda, that Cenlinda, Eaorl of Moha, take Sir Leogar il Farah, and Godlyn, Eaorl of Ridlah take Sir Eocho il Plevan.’

Of course the only one that was really surprised amongst those named was Eadan, the heir of Trokia – and heir of Hatu. Aisly did know of the discussion – Conn had mentioned it to her in the throes of passion. At that particular moment she might have agreed to anything. Conn was unsure if she had mentioned it to her mother – and from her reaction, it was clear that she hadn’t.

Kiley’s confusion showed on her face, and she sat down quickly. Poor Eadan flushed bright red, but she stayed silent and snuck glances at her proposed bedda. They waited for the Wealdend to speak, and when finally she did, she was still confused. ‘I don’t know what to say. Ridlah, what do you say to this proposal?’

Godlyn nodded. ‘If it pleases the Witan, I have no objection.’

‘You knew about this?’

‘The Thane… sorry, the Eaorl of Kuita did happen to mention it…’

‘But not to me…’ Kiley looked at Cenlinda. ‘So I’m to presume that you had prior warning as well?’

Cenlinda nodded. ‘I did – and I also have no objection.’

‘Cousin Eachna, what do you say to this proposal? Am I the only one to not know?’ Eadan was not yet sixteen so her opinion did not matter.

The Eaorl of Hatu nodded. ‘I did not know, cousin, and would certainly have appreciated knowing in advance.’ Eachna was just over forty, and Conn had gathered was worse than her cousin Aisly in her predatory behaviour. She was also taller and extremely voluptuous – in contrast to her daughter. ‘That being said, whilst I have some concerns as to an appropriate dowry given my daughter’s status, if the … the Eaorl of Kuita assures me that as satisfactory conclusion to such negotiations will be forthcoming, I will withdraw any objections I might have.’

Conn noticed the filthy look that Aisly gave her cousin but she said nothing. Conn agreed, knowing that some of the conditions might include late night negotiations. He bowed, ‘I feel confident that whatever conditions the Eaorl of Hatu has; she will be satisfied with the outcome.’

‘Very well, I have no objection either. I will arrange to start negotiations with the Eaorl … after lunch perhaps?’ She looked at Conn with a knowing smile, and a tiny flush of red on her cheeks, and a lick of her lips. Conn wasn’t sure which of them was going to be dessert.

Kiley resumed her negotiations. ‘And your last request?’

‘I wish to have the demesne of Ushu in Temah. The position is vacant and I have already made expensive alterations. I understand that there are several by it side also vacant; I would have those included and the title there also changed to Baron of Ushu.’

Aelfrys, the new Eaorl, had lost his father in the campaign, was very agreeable – especially after Conn offered to bring in craeftiga to help rebuild his town. Conn later arranged for a bedda for him from Menia.

There being no objections, the last item to be determined was the “House of Assembly”, and while the discussions were robust, inevitable Conn had his way – a meeting of the new House of Assembly would be called in the next summer. There would be time for elections in the spring. Conn’s Logistics Corp would manage the elections.

The day was late, they had eaten lunch at the table, and Conn was on his way out when he heard Eachna call his name.

She walked over to him; her large bosom straining to escape. ‘Now, about the dowry…’

Conn took the initiative. ‘Perhaps there is somewhere private that we can discuss such sensitive matters?’

‘I agree completely. Please follow me…’

Conn followed the Eaorl whose pace quickened as they walked around the many turns of the higgledy-piggledy mess of building that made up the castle.

She found a door and opened it. ‘These are my rooms in the donjon. This will be a suitable place to conduct negotiations. Did anything come up while we were walking for us to negotiate about?’ Eachna was undoing her top as she followed Conn in.

‘Indeed something large did… its significance may be surprising.’

‘Gyden, I hope so…’

~x067~

By the time Conn returned to the Inn that evening, they were eating dinner. Halla gave him another ‘told you so look of disapproval’. Conn gave her the ‘what choice did I have’ look, and she responded with the ‘well, don’t look so happy about it’ look. A surprisingly jealous theow – though nothing was mentioned about Jofrid and her midnight visits.

Derryth expressed his surprise at the choice of demesne; he was still playing with the box. ‘Kuita – I’ve never heard of it – and I don’t know where it is.’

Conn smiled; ‘It is the most northern demesne in Trokia and faces the Kanian gulf; it is also near Cyme. I think we will find something very interesting there – after we fix up the pirate problem.’

Jofrid made no hint of her recent familiarity with Conn either. It suddenly occurred to Conn that her change in behaviour was caused by the fact that all the Valkeri would be returning to Cyme soon – with the departure of the Rakians, the Valkeri would leave as well. She looked up from her meal.

‘I know of Kuita – the pirate lord calls himself the Eaorl of Kuita I think – or at least Thane. Of course, the coast line is treacherous; which is why the pirates flourish without fear of retribution. They know their way in and around the shoals. It might also surprise you to know that my ancestor was the last Eaorl of Kuita…’

Everyone was surprised ‘I thought that Valkeri did not know who their fathers are?’

‘Generally that is true – but some stories pass down. Halla knows who her father is because the son of the Eaorl of Tindara bragged about the number of times he bedded Sibbe. The Rakians lack discretion about such things. Sibbe chose poorly.’

Conn had personal experiences with Sibbe. He doubted that the Aebeling was an innocent in the exchange – she would have known exactly what she was doing.

Jofrid continued. ‘I know because my ancestor was actually conceived in Cyme – which is very unusual. Leoganda, Aebeling of Cyme, had two daughters – one was the ancestor of Sibbe and Halla while the other was my ancestor. It is said that Inga, Eaorl of Kuita, went to Cyme to ask for assistance in defeating the Pirates – but Leoganda refused – she did however fornicate with him before sending him away, so at least he went away with a smile on his face. My great grandmother was the result. So how are you going to be able to do what others can’t?’

Derryth, still playing with the carved box, burst out laughing. ‘Jofrid, tell me what the Feorhhyrde has done that anyone else could do?’ He looked at Conn keenly, handing the box to him. ‘This box is driving me crazy. So what is your plan? Do you have a plan yet? Not that it matters, because most things we do, we don’t have a plan for… least not one that make sense before it is done.’

Conn ignored the comment, studying the box intently. ‘Firstly we need to get the fyrd there. There is no easy access by road; we could march over the mountains from Futah but that is dangerous because there are people guarding that road – and it’s a small road. It would be much easier if we could cross the mountains from Zedah because there used to be a road there...’

‘Road? What road?

‘The bocere showed me some ancient papers that mentioned the length of time it took to visit Kuita by road.’

Conn had brought over bocere trained in Lyciak to work in the Trokian library to train people here – the program to transfer all the scrolls to codex, as was being undertaken in Lyciak, Moesiak and Silekiak, was a massive task and would take decades to complete. Lykia had its first university in operation – and the main fields of study included engineering, science, medicine, law, and bocere. The latter discipline included librarians, teachers, scribes, and stewards, amongst others.

‘So what happened to it? Roads don’t just disappear?’

‘True but I don’t know – but if it was still there, somewhere, it would save us having to organize a full sea borne attack from Dor or Menia. Too many people are exposed when landing. I want to avoid that. … Derryth, pass me the bamboo pin.’

Derryth did so and Conn took the sliver of bamboo and pushed into a small hole on the bottom.

Derryth admonished him. ‘I tried that – it doesn’t work’

‘Ah, but did you try all four?

‘At the same time? Of course not… I only have one piece of bamboo…’

Conn broke off and inserted three more pins into the base and as he did so, the base separated into two – a piece the same width and two thirds the length of the box disconnected itself from the base. Conn pulled it down to display a secret cavity inside the box. Inside was that would have been an oiled cloth; it was now black and hard, and it crumbled as he took it out.

‘So what do we have here?’ Conn asked rhetorically. Brushing away the black powder he unveiled a gold bangle – quite solid, and about three inches in diameter. He inspected it before handing it to Derryth. “Do you have any ideas?’

‘The script is ancient – even I cannot read it – but I think it is Sythan. But it looks like a Torc. Just one too small for an adult. You don’t suppose…’

‘Surely not…’

‘If so, it means…

Halla and Jofrid looked at each other in confusion, and annoyance. ‘Will someone please explain – enough with the riddles… what is it?’

Derryth handed the band to the girls. ‘The only person ever known to wear a Torc in Meshech was the Casere. The last Casere was Goibniu – he died around 580. Supposedly he was wearing the Torc when he died, but it hasn’t been seen since. The question is how could it be something that has been lost for so long turn up here – in Trokia – in a wooden box?’

‘It is certainly not something you see every day.’

‘And what does it mean?’ Halla was still confused.

‘And what are you going to do with it?’ Derryth asked.

‘I’m not sure – I can hardly wear it on my wrist – it is too …’ Conn was going to say small as he held the band over his fingers wrist to show the impossibility and it slipped out of his hand and slipped over his wrist to then fit perfectly. Everyone looked shocked.

‘That I certainly didn’t expect to happen. Well, Derryth, that answers your question. I carry it around with me.’

‘Is it safe?’ Halla asked, grasping the band and trying to remove it. ‘It doesn’t seem to want to come off.’

Conn retrieved his hand from Halla. ‘I don’t think it will come off now. As to why and how, that is information for another day. Anyway; to bed. Kiley has invited us to breakfast with her in the morning.’

Not long later Conn was in his room and answered a knock on the door; he suspected it would be Halla.

It wasn’t; it was Jofrid, wearing almost nothing.

‘I was wondering if you needed to be tucked in again…’

‘Always.’

~x070~

Later, as they lay hot and exhausted on the bed, naked, Jofrid noticed the sword that he had been given, Kiley, out of the box. She asked why. Conn fetched it and showed it to her, explaining the issues he had with it.

She was about to pick up the sword by the handle but stopped. Conn asked what the matter was.

‘Nothing, I just changed my mind. Is it just me or is that gem glowing slightly?’

Conn looked at her, looked at the gem and shook his head in disbelief. He walked to one of his packs and removed tools, including a small kunai.

Jofrid suddenly looked surprised, also scared. ‘What are you going to do?’

‘Nothing to worry about. The gem is safe.’ He sat down beside the naked Jofrid and explained. ‘I’m going to remove the gem from the pommel – whilst it looks small, it isn’t. If I’m not mistake, this is a heart-stone.

‘Lilith’s heart-stone? You have found Lilith’s heart-stone in the pommel of a sword from Silekia? A sword that you think belonged to Osstan, the first Casere?’

‘I won’t know until I take it back to Silekia.’ Conn had been busily removing the gold – it was quite soft – until he had fully removed it from the pommel; the gold was definitely an afterthought – but the cavity in the sword wasn’t – it was as old as the sword. As expected, Conn revealed a golden sapphire – surprisingly large. As he rolled it around in his hand the gem picked up light from the candles and seemed to progress them around the room.

They both looked silently for a while, until Jofrid spoke, huskily.

‘Amazing – do you know what that gem makes me want to do?’

‘Go and tell Halla?’

‘Definitely not. It makes me want to fornicate again.’

‘You know, I was thinking the same thing.’

‘I know, I can see…’





Chapter 06


To some extent the breakfast was Kiley’s attempt to reach out to her cousins – being called vow breakers was probably not pleasant even if you are a Wealdend. Even tonight, although they were cordial, the two Valkeri didn’t reach out at all. Conn was still curious – much of the story was unclear to him.

‘Wealdend – being new to Meshech’, not something he liked to point out but it worked this time, ‘I am unclear what happened with Asta and Caoite – there seemed to be a lot going on around then?’

‘There was – in 699 the Eaorl of Lykia rebelled against the Healdend of Moetia – and the rebellion succeeded because the Healdend was assassinated by poison in 700. The treaty allowed for the Eaorl to be called Aebeling of Lykia. Then in 720 our ancestors slaughtered their masters in Cyme and have been able to keep control ever since. The pirates made a big error in their greed and lust – when Lasair led the rebellion women outnumbered men three to one in the castle – mainly because after Lasair had made the pact with the Gyden in 701, none of the children born were males. Lasair was a Folgere she was also a master archer, and all women trained in secret under her guidance. So after their captors were exterminated, it was relatively simple to protect the island.’

‘So where did the Pirates go to?’

‘They lived on their ships and some of the small islands near Kuita – and harassed the Eaorldom until they were able to defeat the Eaorl of Kuita in 756 – which is their base now. Before that, in 747, Dubgall, Eaorl of Kania rebelled – he wanted to be called Aebeling as well. He is of the male line of Trokia, so it was treachery as well.’

‘I gather he was successful…’ Conn had done as much reading as he could, but oral histories are sometimes different to written versions.

‘He was – he defeated and killed his cousin Gaithe in a battle near Dor – the Healdend has lost interest by now and allows the east to separate at the mountains. Dubgall becomes Aebeling but changes that to Healdend when Caoite dies in 754.’

‘Isn’t there a civil war as well?

Kiley smiled. ‘Eaorl, you are well informed. The nephew of the Healdend, Imar, rebels because Caoite does not make him his heir. Aodhan, the brother of the Healdend is his heir as he has no children – many died young – except for one small girl. But when Aodhan dies of illness, Caoite makes his daughter Fastvi his heir instead.’

‘Fastvi is of course Asta’s daughter.’

‘Asta was very young when she fell pregnant – and there are difference opinions between our two branches as to why she was pregnant. Our history is that she was raped by Caoite – but they,’ she pointed to her cousins, ‘believe that she seduced the Healdend.’ Kiley shrugged. ‘I do not know the truth because it was never spoken by Asta – but both are possible because she supposedly was both very beautiful and very small. Caoite could have easily overpowered her but there seems little doubt that her beauty was such that she could have easily seduced him.’

Jofrid interrupted. ‘The cause of her pregnancy is a bone of contention, but not a matter that causes our differences. It is what she did after that made her a vow breaker.’

‘I gather she didn’t go home as is the rule?’

Kiley agreed. ‘No she didn’t – in fact she hid her pregnancy – and only after her mother had returned to Cyme and left Asta in charge did that they learn about the pregnancy, and not long after Fastvi is born, Aodhan dies, and Imar rebels because he isn’t named Aebeling. He attacks the donjon and kills the Healdend in this very hall. Unfortunately for him, the men who were sent to kill the Valkeri failed – and enough survived for Imar to die in a flight of arrows also in this hall.’

‘So the only heir was Fastvi?’

Jofrid interjected before Kiley answered. ‘No – there were many heirs.’

Kiley agreed. ‘True, there were others – but the only male heir alive was Dubgall of Kania – and he had been decreed traitor so was ineligible – as were his sons. They were also half Ancuman…’

Conn interjected. ‘Half Ancuman – now that is interesting. The official pedigrees say Rakian.’

‘Some pedigrees have been ‘cleansed’ – if a bedda is of Rakia, there is a possibility that they are half or full Ancuman – depending on whose daughter the bedda is claimed to be.’ Kiley continued. ‘So with Dubgall ineligible – and there being no other male heirs, the only nominated heir left was female – and that was Fastvi.’

‘What happened next,’ Jofrid added, ‘is the real problem…’ Hall nodded in agreement.

Kiley shrugged. ‘Perhaps. There were three Eaorl that rebelled with Imar – the Eaorl of Ridlah, the Eaorl of Temah, and the Eaorl of Gebal. They had sons – young sons – who were given a choice – to die or to take one of Cyme as bedda. They then repudiated the actions of their fathers and declared that the next Wealdend of Trokia was to be Fastvi. They also nominated that Asta should be Guardian of Trokia until her daughter was of age.’

Conn was all admiration. ‘Very skilfully done.’

‘What Asta lacked in size, she made up with in intellect.’

‘And that was the breaking of vows?’

‘Indeed – as soon as the three Valkeri took the young men as bedda, they lost their bands – and when Asta took the vows of office as Guardian, her bands fell to the ground as well.’

‘What of those that didn’t break their vows?’

‘Asta didn’t need them so she sent them back to Cyme.’

‘And is that why there is no Cirice here?’

They all shrugged. ‘There has never been a Cirice here – the original town was in the north and after it disappeared under water, the Cirice also disappeared. And with no Folgere anywhere – no one has been called to Lilith for centuries.’

It was untrue but Conn didn’t contradict the women. Every single Valkeri was actually a Folgere – they just didn’t realize it.

A question suddenly occurred to Conn. ‘What happened to Asta?’

A smile came over Kiley’s face. ‘That is not a question anyone has ever asked before. We do not know for certain, but when Fastvi was twenty she left. It is believed that she returned to Cyme – to be with her sister. In fact, all the so called vow breakers left together.’

Jofrid disagreed. ‘They didn’t go back to Cyme – I would know about that.’

‘Perhaps, perhaps not. Godelda loved her sister and I believe she accepted them back as novices – and they were given new names. Not to hide their past but to let them start afresh with Lilith.’ Kiley turned and addressed Jofrid directly, she was definitely reaching out. ‘Jofrid, when you return to Cyme, please check for me. I know that you will be leaving soon. And if possible, ask Sibbe if I too may come home. I have lived longer than most – I have a desire to join with our Gyden as well. Will you ask for me?’

Jofrid paused as if to decline, but it was soon clear that her view had mellowed. ‘Of course, Wealdend, I will ask.’

‘Thank you; you will do me great service if you can ask for me,’

The relationship hadn’t thawed, but at least the sun was shining on the block of ice.

Some weeks later, Conn had just returned from another of his early morning breakfasts with the Aebeling and was fetching coffee – the Aebeling had served up lots of things but no coffee, and was about to join the others at their table when they were disrupted by the arrival of Abrecan. He was not looking worse for wear – in fact he was looking fatter than ever before. Obviously being a rich merchant suited him to a tee, and Conn told him so.

He dismissed the criticism. ‘This is Trokia – austerity and simplicity does you no good here – if you have money, you have to show it or you get no respect. Anyway, I’m getting old – gold will be no use to my corpse. To business – I’m still disappointed that you became the Eaorl of Kuita… anyway, that is not why I am here. I have received a message from our agent in Ridlah. Ships have been seen heading up the coast – Rakian and Gatinan ships – and quite a large number of them.’

‘Why didn’t you send a messenger?’

‘I needed to get out of my longhus – being very rich causes a lot of problems – everyone always wants something! There is a lot to be said for being poor.’

Conn looked at him curiously. Abrecan continued quickly. ‘But there is a lot more to be said for being very rich. Anyway, now that you know, I’ll return to my hovel. You know, I might just divorce the lot of them – after all, I can afford it.’

Conn watched him leave. ‘He did that once already – and then got lonely and had to make them all bedda again.’ Conn sent for one of his wiga and sent a message to the donjon.

Halla looked at him disapprovingly again. ‘Why do you look wet?’

‘I had a bath.’

‘Didn’t you have one last night?’

‘I had another this morning.’ They looked at him curiously. ‘Alright, the Aebeling has got one of the new big tubs that we are selling in the Emporium – she wanted to know how to use it…’

‘Seriously – you just get in and sit and wash.’

‘That is not the way we were using it. Anyway, to something more challenging...’

‘I don’t know,’ Derryth piped in, ‘both you and the Ailsly in a bathtub fornicating seems challenging enough for one day. Why don’t we just skip the rest of today and come back tomorrow.’

Conn ignored them. Conn had sent his ransom demands and had expected a response. Given the large number of ships about to arrive, Conn assumed that they had accepted his conditions without negotiation.

‘We need to tell Wilga to ready everyone to leave from Ushu. Derryth, will you go? Jofrid should go with you to prepare the Valkeri.’

A look passed between the pair, and Halla made a request. ‘If my master would release me temporarily, can I go with Derryth? I still feel … unwell ... and the ride will do me good. Jofrid can help you while I am gone.’

Conn was not inclined to disagree, and the pair prepared their packs and headed out, while Conn headed to the donjon with Jofrid in tow to speak to Devnet.

Devnet was surprised. ‘How do you know if they have been sighted?’

‘I have my ways – anyway just wanted to let you know that you will be going home soon. How is your shoulder?’

Devnet still had his arm in a sling most of the time but was able to more it about more every day. The arrows that had almost killed him had done a lot of damage to his shoulder.

‘Is it still painful?’ Conn asked as he watched Devnet exercise his shoulder.

‘Yes – but much improved. Thank you again. I’m still surprised that you would go to this effort, Eaorl. We are enemies are we not?’

Conn shook his head. ‘We are former enemies, Devnet, one day perhaps allies. I think that it is inevitable that I confront the Rakians. When that time comes, you may have to choose a side. Because of your blood ties with Rakia, I know it will be a hard choice for you, and I hope you choose wisely. For the sake of your people, you can’t afford to make a second mistake.’

‘I understand but I do not also.’ Devnet paused. ‘If nothing else, I owe you for saving my life. One day, I will repay that debt.

Several days later the Gatina ships started to dock; unloading goods and loading people. Some of it was directly reloaded onto Conn’s ships; to go to Menia, Dor or Atrak. The gold was formally handed over in person by the chief delegates of both Gatina and Rakia. Conn arrived in the hall last, and they waited for him. His old friend was the head of the delegation from Rakia.

Conn laughed. ‘Well, well, well. Look who the cat dragged in.’

Alric, Aebeling of Rakia, was trying very hard to be polite. The voice in his head wasn’t.

‘Thane, I would like to say it is good to see you again, but it is not. You are really starting to become annoying.’

‘I’m an Eaorl now.’

He tried to laugh. ‘Eaorl, eh! And which one of the windblown paddocks did they give you?’

‘Kuita.’

‘Kuita! Ha! Kuita is a relic of the past – it doesn’t even really exist anymore; a fit reward and a poisoned chalice.’

‘You are not the first to say that.’

The head delegate from Gatina was introduced as Miach, the Eaorl of Eriak. He was standing with Demne, Eaorl of Eryx – a much thinner, harder man after his months building and digging.

Conn couldn’t help himself. ‘Eryx – so good to see you again. Are you ready for a second round?’

Demne shook his head quickly. ‘Thank you, Eaorl, but I will have to beg your leave at this time. Perhaps some other day.’

‘Perhaps. So, is the gold all here?

‘It is. And a very large amount of it too.’ Halla has been supervising the counting, and she returned to the room and stood next to Conn.

Alric stared in surprise.

‘Cousin – why do you stand at his side?’

Halla held out her arms – showing the band-less wrists.

‘You are theow? You are theow to HIM?’ Alric was beside himself – he fought to control his urge to reef out his sword and run Conn through but he knew he was unable to do that. He knew that was suicide. Through his eyes, the voice in his head saw Halla and its sense of loss was almost equal to the level of hatred it felt for Conn. It was powerless to do anything about it, and Conn could feel the frustration like an unspent volcano.

The arrival of the Ratakian Eaorl, Amargein il Motya, broke the silence. He greeted his cousin the Aebeling and Halla, his other cousin. They had spent some time together during his captivity.

There did not appear to be a lot of warmth between Alric and Amargein; the greeting was cordial at best. Conn immediately suspected that things were not going to go well for Amargein on his return. He had failed in his mission – and that was never a good thing.

Alric looked scornfully at Conn while addressing the question at the Eaorl. ‘Has he caused our men to be mistreated and abused, Amargein?’

Amargein shook his head. ‘No, I can only say that we have been treated well. And I wish to report that the men are loaded and we are ready to leave.’

Alric shook his head in what looked like disappointment. He sighed. ‘We leave then.’ He bowed to Kiley and Devnet, and looked at Halla. ‘Farewell cousin, I can only imagine the torment you must be under. If there was anything I could do I would.’ He looked at Conn. ‘We will defeat you in the end. You are just putting off the inevitable.’

‘We shall see, Alric, we shall see. Farewell.’

They silently watched the Ratakian Aebeling leave the donjon and head to the dock – under guard.

Conn looked at Halla after he left. He asked her quietly.

‘Are you in torment, Halla?’

She shook her head. ‘No. I’m fine.’

‘But you are not that happy are you?’

‘It is hard for a Valkeri to be a theow.’ She laughed sadly. ‘But then I am the first, so how would anyone know. But I am not unhappy.’

‘But what if I unmade you a Theow; I can do that can’t I?’

She nodded. ‘But you can’t make me a Valkeri again – even you can’t do that, and without my bands, I’d rather be a theow – at least I have a place and a purpose. But thank you for offering.’

As they stood, another group of people arrived, and were led into the donjon. Amongst them all was a youngish woman; well dressed and quite beautiful. Devnet was startled to see her ‘Well, I never’. He walked over and greeted her and they hugged. He then walked by her side as she was presented to the Wealdend.

‘Wealdend, Eaorl, I would like to present my sister, Fiona; we share the same father. I was very surprised to see her here. Fiona. This is Conn il Taransay, Eaorl il Kuita’.

She bowed formally at them both. ‘I am pleased to make your acquaintance, Wealdend. As for my presence, brother, I have come to help solve the mess that you and my father created. Eaorl, I understand that I am to be your bedda. I also bear documents that create you Thane of Gambi in the Eaorldom of Eryx.’

Demne, in whose demesne the harbor was, started to react but stopped quickly. Fiona looked at him, shaking her head. ‘Sadly Demne’s family were unable to raise the wergild but we couldn’t just leave him here. His demesne is deeply in debt due to the large fryd he raised on borrowed money, and since they were all captured, the wergild is huge. The only way to raise the funds was for my father to purloin Gambi. He is lucky he is still Eaorl.’

She handed over the scroll of Ennoblement. ‘I also have some other documents and a manifest of everything you asked for and that we have delivered.’

Conn scanned the documents as he looked at the girl. Her brown eyes were clear and striking; her hair long and black; she was a beautiful woman, and as for her age, Conn assumed was around thirty. ‘I thank you for the documents – I hope that your presence here will not be too much of a burden.’

She looked sad but she smiled. ‘I hope not also.’ She smiled. ‘You seem fair enough to look at. And your reputation is that you are a kind and just man. All those that returned had only good things to say – which confused my father immensely. I understand that you also saved my brother’s life – amongst many others.’

Devnet nodded. ‘He did – and I am in debt. Fiona, I just don’t understand why it is you. I know that your bedda died, and I’m sorry for that, but our father would have taken care of you.’

‘My bedda is dead because you killed him – indirectly but still your responsibility, and my child died from illness because we were short of medics while they were with you. There is nothing there for me – and someone had to make this sacrifice – our family caused it; it is only reasonable that we help to fix it. When you return, you will find only sadness – and it will not be long before you are Healdend; our father is so heartbroken. He knows that he has failed his people,’ she paused while she looked to Conn, ‘because he knew that it was folly – deep down – despite everything he was told. Our father is not a bad man – despite what you may think, Eaorl. He was led to believe that he was doing what was necessary, just, and right.’

Conn had to agree. ‘History has a way of revealing the truth. It may be that there was a grander plan here, and he too was a victim. It is certainly not my intention to destroy Gatina – I seek to increase the links between us. You are to play a part in that. Shall we perform the ceremony?’

She came forward and held out her left arm while Conn held out his right. Kiley came forward and wrapped a rope symbolically around their two wrists. She said a few words and declared that they were bedda. A very simple and functional ceremony.

Afterwards they all walked with Devnet to his ship and waved him off, and then returned to the donjon for a feast to celebrate the handfasting.

The feast was also to farewell Conn – he had informed the Wealdend that he was heading north; he wasn’t that fond of the cold – he had bad childhood memories – and had arranged with the Eaorl of Zedah, Leomon, for him to move there for the winter. It was also closer to Kuita, and he wanted to be there in spring

The fyrd under the command of Wilga was already there. Leomon’s son Sherwin had escorted them, and they would be setting up camp outside of the town – as well as preparing appropriate accommodation for Conn and his entourage.

Aisly had been absent for some part of the morning’s formalities – she claimed she was feeling sick. As Conn arrived, she came over and hugged him – she and her mother were quite emotional.

‘Is anything wrong?’

Aisly shook her head. ‘No, quite the opposite. It seems most likely that I am with child; so thank you. We are pleased; the next Wealdend will not be my cousin.’

‘I’m not so sure she will be as happy.’ Conn had negotiated an appropriate dowry for daughter. Given her change of status, he should apply for a discount. ‘I thought you would be Wealdend next.’

‘Not unless I had a child; when I have a child I can be Wealdend. So this is a good day.’ Conn hugged her again, and watched her go to the main table, while he joined his table. When they asked, he explained.

Halla shook her head knowingly. ‘Seems to be going around…’

‘What is?’

‘Being with child…’

‘Really?’ Conn sat down and filled his tankard with ale. ‘Who else is pregnant?’

‘Jofrid...’

Conn choked on his beer. They all looked at him strangely. When he gathered his breath, he asked again. ‘Jofrid is pregnant?’

‘I just said that. Don’t you listen? And there is one more that I know of.’

Conn stopped drinking this time. ‘And who is that?’ he was hoping to hell it wasn’t Eachna – but he had been careful.

‘Me…’

‘You?’

‘Yes, me. You are very monosyllabic this evening. You are not presenting a good first impression to your new bedda… I apologize Fiona, he is not normally this bad.’

Fiona had watched the whole thing with amusement. ‘I don’t understand why the Eaorl is so concerned.’

Halla laughed, in true amusement. ‘I’m sorry Fiona, I didn’t explain. The Eaorl is the father of all these children…’

Fiona was genuinely shocked and it took her some time to be brought up to speed on Conn’s family tree. She was just coming to grips with the possible twenty children that Conn had sired when Derryth arrived. She had never met a Twacuman before. That took longer to comprehend. Derryth laughed after he had congratulated everyone.

‘I just don’t know where he gets the energy from.’

After the feast they headed back to the Inn. Conn showed Fiona to her room, which had been prepared to the highest level of luxury possible, and a hot tub of water was waiting for her in the corner. She gushed as she inspected her room – she almost cried.

Conn turned to leave and she spoke.

‘Eaorl...’

Conn turned back.

‘I presume you will come to my room later?’

‘I had not thought to impose upon you so early…’

She smiled. ‘It will be fine. It is not as if it is my first time – I have definitely seen more than sixteen winters. Beside; everyone else you fornicate with is with child – you have nowhere else to go… by the sounds of it you rarely sleep alone’

That was mostly true – there was still Eachna but he was trying to avoid her.

Fiona continued. ‘Give me ten minutes and you may come back.’

Conn nodded and went to his room, bathed and returned at the appointed time.

~x081~



Winter had officially started when Conn, Fiona, Derryth, Jofrid and Halla said their farewells to Kiley and Ailsly in the donjon as a ship waiting in the harbour to take them north.

There were hugs and kisses all round.

Conn addressed them both. ‘I have something for you. This has just been finished.’ He rolled out a large parchment that showed the town of Trokiak in great detail. ‘It is a design for a new donjon – it will be the best in Meshech – and repairs and other building work to strengthen the walls that surround the town. When you to proceed, talk to Sir Abrecan, he will arrange the craeftiga to come from Atrak.’

‘But the cost will be huge.’

‘It will be but it will be necessary – and I will pay half – I will put the money we received from Gatina to good use. The walls did well enough to hold out the Rakians, but if it had been me trying to get in, you would all be theow in Kishdah by now.’

The thought sobered them. ‘We will speak to Sir Abrecan. It is the least we can do. Is there anything else you need us to do?’

‘Yes, what do you know of Lilith’s heart-stone?’

Kiley was surprised at the question, and she considered it for a while.

‘Very little – I recall a story about a group of Folgere who arrived here in the Healdend Albert’s time; claiming to have the heart-stone and wishing to present it to the Healdend for safe keeping. I don’t know if it is true but I will ask my librarians – although they are a bit busy with all the work you have given them copying from the scrolls to the codex.’

‘So it has disappeared?’

Kiley remained curious. ‘Certainly it is nowhere that I know of. Why do you want to know?’

‘Just in case the Cirice can be found.’ Conn had decided he wasn’t going to tell the Healdend that he had the heart-stone – just in case they wanted it back.

Kiley was not stupid and awareness quickly spread on her face. ‘That is why you want Kuita – of course. There was a place somewhere in Kuita that was the original home of the Trokians when they arrived here four hundred years ago. What was its name again?’

‘Kadash…’

‘Of course – Kadash. But how can you find something that is in the sea between Kuita and Cyme. That is impossible.’

‘That has yet to be proven…’

They bid them farewell again and headed out to the dock. By road it was a three month journey – by ship, only a week – with good winds.





Chapter 07


Soon after arriving in Zedah, they farewelled Jofrid, and the hundred plus Valkeri that she commanded, as they head back to Cyme. Conn was certainly going to miss her – and her regular visits late at night were going to be missed twice as much.

Zedah itself was a very small community, and very remote, and Leomon probably didn’t quite know what he was letting himself in for when he agreed to allow Conn and his fyrd to stay for the winter. The fyrd, however, behaved exemplary – a few took bedda from amongst the locals, while the rest either herded horses while they grazed on the mountain slopes, or built things.

Conn always started the discussion innocently.

‘Leomon’, he would say, ‘you know how we had difficulty loading and unloading the schooners when we arrived?’

Leomon would agree – they had some teething problems because his dock was simply not big or deep enough at low tide for Conn’s schooners. ‘If I did a few little changes I think I can solve that problem. Would you mind if I have my Engineer Corp have a go fixing it?’

Leomon would of course agree – at first he didn’t really understand what the engineering Corp did, and before long he would have a dock that was designed for a town three times his size.

‘Leomon, I apologize but the Engineering Corp have created a drainage problem with the new dock. Do you mind if I get them to fix it – they just need to dig a few ditches?’

A fully paved town later the drainage problem was fixed.

‘Leomon, I apologize, but the new Inn,’ Conn like to live in Inns rather than houses, ‘is unfortunately twice the size as your donjon. It just doesn’t look right – do you mind if I build you a new one?’

When Sherwin arrived back in Zedah at the beginning of spring – Conn had sent him to Menia on a study mission – he could hardly recognize his old home. He also had a new bedda – one of the very homily daughters of Ciarrai, Eaorl of Menia – who had a few to go around. Another daughter, his eldest who had been widowed, became bedda to Esras, Aebeling of Kania.

So much work was possible over winter in Zedah because of its position so far north; the winter had been far milder in Zedah than anywhere to the south. Rakia had a particularly bad winter, and Conn heard that poor Amargein il Motya died in a prison cell after a particularly bad cold spell.

The mild conditions also allowed Conn and Derryth to spend a lot of time outdoors – which was where they needed to be – a pregnant Halla on some days was not someone you wanted to be around. By the end of winter, Fiona was also pregnant, so the happiest people at the beginning of spring were Conn and Derryth – everything was being prepared for their expedition to the mountains in the east. Sadly, they could be away for months!

Derryth walked up and interrupted Conn as he ate breakfast with a cranky Fiona and a very cranky Halla.

‘Conn’, he called, ‘There is someone wanting to see for you at the gate. You should come and see who it is.’

Derryth had a smile of his face, so it must have been amusing.

Conn hurriedly bid the ladies farewell and followed Derryth out.

‘Is that the best excuse you could come up with – someone to see you at the main gate? You even looked like you were lying.’

‘Twacuman don’t lie…’

‘So there is someone waiting to see me?’

‘That’s what I said.’

‘Why didn’t you bring her to the Inn?’

‘She refused to come inside the gate…’

When they arrived, a peasant woman, who looked about seventy– which was a very old age in Trokia, was waiting for them. Derryth introduced her as Anu. Anu, Derryth explained, was apparently a relative of the Eaorls of Kuita.

After Conn was introduced, Conn asked how he could be of assistance.

‘Perhaps it is the opposite, Eaorl of Kuita.’ Anu said, ‘Perhaps I can help you. When I heard about the new Eaorl, I came as soon as possible. It has taken me ten days to get here. I live in the Kuita foothills, near the home of our ancestors. I understand that you want to find the ancient road into Kuita?’

Conn was taken back. ‘You are remarkably well informed Anu il Kuita. In fact scarily so. But it is true that I would like find this road – I’d like to rebuild the road so that it is easy to access Kuita. And you say that you know where the road is?’

‘Oh yes,’ she cackled, ‘I can lead you directly to it – but only you. I can’t lead anyone else there. I need to show it to the Eaorl himself. That is my condition.’

Conn sighed. He hated people setting conditions on him. ‘And if I don’t except your condition, do you think my men will find the road?

She laughed, in what Conn imagined to be an old ‘witch’ type of way. ‘Yes, but it will take them years.’

He thought so; finding the road quickly could save lives and money. He didn’t have years to look for it. ‘Very well, I will accept your condition. My fyrd will be ready to march in a week. We can leave then.’

‘No,’ she answered defiantly, ‘Your men can come later. We need to leave tomorrow morning.’ She stood and headed for the door. ‘I will meet you here at dawn.’ With that she turned her donkey around and rode away. Conn was going to follow and ask more questions; but he thought better of it.

Old people, Conn thought. Why is there always something very suspicious about old people?

The next morning, Conn had twenty horses ready at the east gate just after dawn. Anu arrived very soon after, on her donkey. Conn asked if she would like to change to a horse or a larger donkey.

She declined, saying that the pace the donkey set would be suitable. She turned and rode away, and Conn hurried to catch her up. The donkey was quite fast; for a donkey.

It was a six day ride to the foothills and Conn was unable to engage the old woman in conversation at all. She kept telling him that talking was a waste of breathe. For the most part she did not ride with them. In the morning she would set a destination, and set them off; and then she would be there the next morning, to set their next target. She claimed that travelling at night suited her and the donkey better – and she could navigate by the stars.

Sherwin had agreed to accompany them, and they found accommodation in the Villages along the way; Conn had brought in a lot of food over the winter so hospitality was not an issue; they had plenty to last until the harvests.

After five days, the land became unused, and densely wooded, so travel became very slow. These mountains had a name – the Mhari Mountains, Anu informed him. A long time ago, The Priecuman had a town that looked up at the mountains – and its name was Mhari.

‘Where is the town now? Conn asked, not expecting an answer.

‘Under the ocean ... I believe. There was a time when Cyme was joined to Meshech. It isn’t anymore.’

‘But that would be a thousand years ago – were the Priecuman here then?’

‘Did I say Priecuman – I apologize – I meant to say Twacuman. That is what I was told.’

Conn looked at Derryth – who shrugged.

‘Don’t look at me – it’s before my time…’

As they travelled Conn had men mark a trail; five hundred engineers, Logistics and wiga would be following along behind. It needed to be well marked as Anu had them going in directions he would never have considered. Finally she brought them to a small valley; the entrance was not more than ten yards wider and as she led them inside, and it was near the highest point in the Mhari Mountains. But it was a dead end – there was nowhere to go.

‘Here?’ Conn asked ‘There is nowhere to go.’

‘Be patient. Time will reveal all. You need to go to the end of the valley, and climb; and from the top you can look down into Kuita. The road was not wide – it was just a road that gave access from one side to the other. Go and have a look.’

Conn and Derryth rode as far as they could until the horses could travel no more, and they then scrambled the fifty yards of hill on foot until they reached the top.

Anu was, of course, right; they looked down to Kania Bay, the blue ocean clearly visible in the distance despite the miles.

‘Well, I’ll be damned.’ Each side of them were mountains – they stood on what was basically a pile of rubble between the two great escarpments. ‘Someone has deliberately closed this access road down – or something has. Perhaps an earthquake. Weren’t there earthquakes during the last ‘Darkening’?’

Derryth nodded. ‘There was – lots. So it was an earthquake that did this?’

Conn nodded. ‘Possibly, and we will have to undo it. It is going to be a lot of work. But we just need to remove enough to allow horses to pass.’

By the time they had returned to the floor, camp had been set up. They looked for Anu but she was gone. Disappearing was a skill she had. But she was right – Conn would have found this road into Kuita, but it could have taken years. Instead it had taken ten days. While they waited for the rest of his fyrd to catch up, Conn sent pigeons to Menia, Dor and Zedah to inform them of his progress. Without proper tools there was little they could do except cut down trees, so when the engineers arrived they could set to work.

The Engineer’s quick appraisal confirmed Conn’s assessment that it would take two weeks at least to move enough soil to get the wiga over and into Kuita.

They did it in ten days. The mountain side was covered in bamboo – very tall and broad. Conn build a bamboo pipe-way to carry diverted water from a waterfall down the mountain to the top of the large ridge – and with the constant flow of water on the soil, great holes were soon created as the water washed the soil down the mountain side. With enough time and water, the entire barrier would be gone and even horse and ox carts would be able to use the pass.



Conn was the first to lead his horse through the new path; he was leading Derryth’s stallion as he had gone ahead to scout a path down the mountain. Behind him three hundred wiga were preparing to follow.

Conn watched as the ten scouts melted out of the trees and appeared in front of them. Derryth grabbed the reins of his horse.

‘Nothing for a couple of days at least. No sheep, no goats, no cows and no sign of horses. Nobody has been up here for years.’

‘Three days to the coast, then?’

Derryth agreed, and more pigeons were dispatched to Menia and Dor.

The fyrd headed slowly down the mountain side; the pathway was gentle, if heavily wooded, and although capable of greater speeds once the trees had cleared, they travelled with caution. They camped for two nights without lighting fires, even before their scouts reported signs of humanity.

The road finally led to what appeared to be an old stone town, and there were several paths from there down to the village harbors along the coast. Conn decided to do the rest on foot and with one night to go, he led two hundred wiga down the mountain.

They got as close as they could before they waited in the dark for Derryth to return from his trip to the village.

‘It’s a pretty simple layout; lots of longhus along the water; very little behind the main walls. I would guess that the population is over a 1,000. The ships are along the docks and it seems that they are not heading out tonight. There are minimal sentries anywhere. Do you think your ships will make it in?’

‘Most definitely, they have clear maps and the beacons we will set up will give them navigation points.’ Conn confirmed every step of his plan with his Captains and they left to position themselves.

Derryth shook his head for what seemed like the tenth time. ‘Tell me again why we are not just storming the longhus?’

‘I want to see if we can capture the villagers without bloodshed. They are more use to me alive than dead. If we have to kill them, we will. But that is the last alternative.’

Derryth was still amused. ‘And plan ‘A’ still requires you to play those … bagpipes again, does it? No wonder we didn’t bring the horses. Infernal things.’

Conn laughed. ‘Back in Taransay, they say that a piper marches when he plays just so that he can try and get away from the music.’

‘I fully understand his feeling. I on the other hand want to march in the opposite direction.’

They moved down into the village. The palisades were minor and not guarded well. Those that were on duty in the middle of the night, were easily overcome, gagged and bound. The pirates thought that they were safe from attack both from behind and from the sea. They would be surprised.

It would have been close to midnight when Conn was in position; the special beacons he had designed and set up were finally in place. The main longhus was at the end of a ‘street’, muddy and putrid, and Conn positioned himself at the other end. He then started to play ‘Scotland the Brave’, followed by ‘Amazing Grace’ on the bagpipes as he marched towards the longhus. He was about to start on his third traditional marching tune, ‘Highland Laddie’ when the village filled with half-dressed men swinging at imaginary foe with their swords.

In the moon light they could now clearly see Conn marching towards them. One of them yelled out.

‘What in the name of Lilith is that noise? A thousand dying cats would sound better.’

Conn was affronted. ‘Well, my playing isn’t the best and maybe I’m out of practice, but it is not that bad.’ Conn did however play the songs out of tune fairly deliberately.

‘And who in the Gyden’s name are you? And what are you doing here? And how did you get here?’

Conn noticed that he was only a young man, and he sent men to scout around. Good thinking, Conn thought. Not that any will return in a hurry. Conn ignored the questions for now.

‘I was hoping to speak to the Thane. Are you the Thane?’

‘There is no Thane here. But I asked …’

‘Then who is in charge, I want to speak to the person who is in charge. I’ll keep playing if you like …’ and he commenced to play ‘Highland Laddie’ – but this time in tune.

The young man waved him down. ‘All right, all right; stop playing … please. I am in charge. I am Njil, chief of this village.’

‘And who is the Eaorl?’

‘There is no Eaorl – hasn’t been for a hundred years.’

‘But I heard that there is a new Eaorl. Have you not heard? I hear he is coming to reclaim the demesne. I heard he was sending a hundred ships and a dozen wiga – or maybe the other way around. Are you sure you wouldn’t like to hear a little tune from m’ wee bagpipes?’ Conn proceeded to play a few more riffs.

‘Will you stop that infernal racket?’ Njil yelled, ‘and are you some kind of idiot – I keep telling you – there is no Eaorl. There never will be an Eaorl here.

‘Why not?’

‘No-one can get over the mountains and no one can get past the shoals. It is as simple as that.’

‘So how did I get here?’

Njil was exasperated. ‘I don’t know! How did you get here?’

‘Over the mountain. It was hard but we made it. It’s a long way from Trokia.’

‘Just you was it?’

‘No, me and five hundred others.’

‘I don’t believe that you have that many men here.’

Conn blew a note and twenty arrows imbedded themselves in the ground a foot in front of Njil. He leapt backwards.

Conn pointed to the arrows in the ground. ‘I have at least ‘that’ many.’

Confused, Njil continued. Conn admired his resolve. ‘So who are you again?’

‘I actually have a lot of titles – many more that I actually need. But you might know me best as the Thane of Atrak?’

Njil should have heard of the Thane of Atrak; every time he tried to attack one of the Thane’s cargo ships, he lost one of his. The brown sailed ships were bigger and faster than anything the pirate had. He probably hated the Thane of Atrak. It suddenly dawned on him; ‘You can’t be him – he is in Trokia fighting a war with the Gatinans, which he will lose.’

‘Sorry, Laddie, but you are out of touch. I won the war. And I’m here now, because, as my reward, I got to be Eaorl of Kuita. Lucky me! Would you believe it was the only one spare? Don’t you think that is wonderful – or perhaps you don’t. Anyway, you should surrender now.’

Njil was a little shocked at the suggestion. ‘I have three hundred men here – yours could be a short lived reign.’

‘Excuse me while I play a little tune’. When Conn had finished the notes, the sound of drums reverberated over the water. He had instructed his warships to play their drums on his command. They also lit up their ships, and the pirates could see the outline of boats lying low in the water. Conn had built these just for this purpose. The decks teamed with bowmen and on a command, a hundred arrow flew and landed in the roofs of the many longhouses.

‘Oh,’ Conn added, ‘the next volley will be fire and tar. Did I forget to mention that I brought a few ships with me as well?’

Njil and his men stood rock solid, shocked to the core. There were at least six ships in their harbour. It was beyond comprehension.

‘Yes, you did fail to mention that.’ Njil was starting to look for his men who he had sent scouting.

‘You men won’t be coming back. They are now my prisoners. Do you care to surrender or shall we kill some of you first?’

Conn could see the confusion on Njil’s face – last night he probably went to sleep in his own very own demesne – considered untouchable. Now he was contemplating losing everything and possible executed. Even in the moonlight, Conn could see the emotion on his face as he looked behind him to the many men, women and children that relied upon him.

Conn tried to be reassuring. ‘Oh, and I don’t intend to execute anyone. Unless you have been really, really, bad.’

He took a deep breath, and looked back. ‘No executions?’

‘Nope.’

He looked around again, took another deep breath and dropped his sword. Some of his men started to argue but he settled them down – and they slowly followed suit. As Conn’s ships were unloading several hundred wiga on to the shore, it was clear that it was a futile fight.

Njil then fell to his knees and placed his hands behind his neck. ‘What now?’

Conn indicated that he men should come out of hiding and soon the villagers could see even more of their foe; the seasoned wiga who had fought against the Gatinans, and if it could be believed, had won.

Conn walked toward the young man.

‘Stand up – that won’t be necessary. What I’d like is a mug of ale; your best please, and send some men to help tie up my ships over there.’

Though confused, Njil did as ordered and watched as Conn was joined by Derryth and Wilga. As he drew closer, Conn could see his reaction to Conn’s appearance.

‘So it is true – the Thane of Atrak is a feorrancund.’ He was even more started when he saw Derryth. ‘And he has a Twacuman with him – what is going on here.’

‘I grant that it might be a bit confusing – I am from a small island a long way over the sea called Taransay.’ He introduced his companions. ‘This is Derryth il Halani, Wilga il Melnik and Sherwin il Zedah. So where is your ale? Hopefully it is some of mine. I suspect that you know that I make the best ale in all Meshech. And as for Derryth, he is my bodyguard.’

Njil looked at the hundreds of men swarming through his village. ‘What are the rest of them then?’ he asked rhetorically.

Njil then silently led then to the longhus and as they entered, Conn noted that a lot of the residents had filed in and were obviously nervous and fearful as they crowded around the edge of the room. Conn sat with his companions in the centre, and a young girl brought over mugs of ale. Conn took a steady drink from the mug and emptied it fully. It was one of his, obviously one stolen from ‘not’ one of his ships.

He sat back; ‘I guess you are wondering what is going to happen to you all?’

Njil nodded.

‘Well, as I said, I’m not going to kill any of you, or sell you as Theow. After all, as Eoarl of Kuita, you are suddenly my vassals and thus my responsibility, and your crimes are my crimes. We will need to make reparations for that in time.’

There was an audible sigh of relief in the room. Not being executed was always an upside; not being theow was another.

‘And me?’ Njil asked.

‘I was thinking of giving you jobs on my ships. I hear you are all good sailor. Who know, one day you might even be a Captain.’

Njil was stunned. ‘You’re kidding? You would consider making me a captain on one of your ships?

‘Have you seen my ships?’

‘Yes, I have. I hate your ships – but they are beautiful. But why would you put me in charge of one of them?’

‘I have built a lot of ships and I need good people on them – capable people. I’m running short of true sailors. Despite the error of your ways, you are all reputedly good seamen.’

Still confused, Njil asked ‘What about here?’

‘I intend to build this into one of the richest demesne in Meshech, and I will need every hand I can get. We will have hundreds of people arriving over time to help us build. But we have to start somewhere, and I’d like to start with the people already here. If I kill you all, I’ll have no one to farm or dig or – bring me ale. It is surely better than being executed – or would you rather that? ‘

‘No, I would not rather be executed.’

‘Good, well tomorrow the work starts.’

Wilga had posted men around the village to secure it for the night and Conn organized Njil to send people from the village to go to the hamlets along the shore to ensure that no one did anything silly and got themselves killed. He then spent the rest of the night in consultation with Njil – he had a large piece of parchment brought out that was his map of the Earldom.

Njil shook his head. Nearly every island, reef and shoal was depicted.

‘This map is amazing – no wonder you ships got in. How did you get it?’

‘It is based on a map some two hundred years old. Anyway, tell me about Kuita; every villages, hamlets, existing farmland.’

By early light Conn mapped out a plan to return this forest back into the rich demesne it once was.

Njil was beside himself in confusion. His whole world had just been turned upside down.

‘Let me get this right. You are going to find people and bring them here to work, you are putting me and my men on ships to ferry people and goods around, and.., and you are going to start farming in Kuita – and you decided all this before breakfast!’

‘You have to admit that breakfast is very late today.’ It had taken Logistics some time to get the kitchens in order. Chefs can get very temperamental at time – it seemed to him that the Captain of the Catering Corp did more yelling at people than he did.



With a week a thousand men had arrived from Zedah to commence work. Sherwin also allowed any excess Zedah workers to travel to Kuita – Conn sent similar messages to the Eaorls of Futah, Gagah, Beroha, and Dor – offering good wages to men without employment. Soon hundreds started to arrive by road. Leaving Wilga in charge, Conn returned to Zedah with Sherwin.

He arrived back with sufficient time to wait for the birth of Halla’s twins – girls of course, and after a few weeks, returned to Kuita by ship, taking Fiona, Halla and the babies with him. The ship was loaded with supplied and even additional tilia from Gebal who had decided to seek their fortunes in a new demesne.

Conn moved his latest children in to a new home in the stone castle on the hillside; a dozen longhouses had been constructed – as well as stables and barracks for wiga and servants. A large area around the ancient palisades had been cleared of overgrowth to reveal a once grand donjon; albeit the timbers had rotted and there were no rooves. Masons worked rebuilding walls, while timbers cutters brought down thousands of logs from the hillside for conversion into planks and beams. When the Twacuman arrived, the donjon could be completed.

Docks had already been upgraded in the harbor, so that larger ships in Conn’s fleet could dock and unload easily as ships started to arrive daily with men and supplies. The village was soon bustling with activity.

With Kuita having a similar subtropical climate as Menia, his farming plans included expanding the production of sugar cane and introducing some new crops that he had been unable or unprepared to plant elsewhere – as the pineapples, palm oil, rubber, and bananas plants that he had carefully kept alive in Hama in specially built warehouses. Everything that Conn had brought with him would now be fully utilized – albeit it would take some time for everything to be transported to Kuita and then planted. But he had time.

Over the weeks, as more people arrived, the landscape changed quickly as forest disappeared into roads and farms, while the docks expanded with larger docks, warehouses, shops and Inns. Conn had almost fifty squads of Logistics and Engineers directing operations.

As soon as he could Conn sent Njil on a voyage with Eggar; who was surprised to find he had to take on a bunch of ex pirates as trainee sailors; but orders being orders, he filled his ships with timber, Kuita’s only export at this time, and perhaps somewhat hesitantly, headed west with his new crew.

As expected, Njil would not take long to master sailing the schooner, and after two voyages, Eggar informed Conn that the young man was ready to command his own ship.

Conn and Derryth collected Njil from one of the new Inns along the dock. He was sitting with a number of semi naked barmaids and sipping a drink. The room went silent as the pair entered the room – more out of respect than anger.

He dipped his head as Conn came to his table.

‘Eaorl – I didn’t know you wanted to see me?’

‘Not a problem. Come with me. I have something to show you.’

They walked to one of the newly constructed warehouses. Inside, Conn showed him a wooden model of one his latest ships. Conn had three ship yards was manufacturing a mixture of 65 feet Junks with a capacity of 80 tons of cargo, and a faster and sleeker 70 foot schooners with a capacity of 70 tons. When the shipyard moved from Ridlah to Menia, they started the third ship in his arsenal – over a hundred feet in length with a tonnage of a hundred and fifty tons. It was the largest ship ever seen in Meshech, and with a top speed of over 12 knots an hour, it was twenty percent faster than his existing ships.

‘What do you think of this?’ The model was a masterpiece of handiwork; a 1/20 scale replica of the actual vessel being built in Menia.

Njil stood in awe and he walked around the model slowly. ‘It is amazing. How big is it?’

‘Over 100 foot by 20 foot; she draws about twelve feet. Slightly more than most around here – hence the new docks’

‘Truly amazing; she is as beautiful as anything I have ever seen – but does such a thing exist?’

‘It does – one just like it will arrive tomorrow – another will be ready by winter. Eggar tell me you are ready to command your own ship, and I’ll like you to get a crew of twenty of your best and brightest young men – men you think are capable of being captains and get them ready to take this ship to sea in a week.’

‘You want me to captain one of these? Surely Captain Eggar or one of your other Captains has privilege over the next ship?’

Conn shook his head. ‘It requires them to learn something new – Eggar is happy to take the next one. He recommended you for this one.’

Njil shook his head. ‘I still don’t understand why you would do such a thing – this ship is worth a fortune. I could go to Rakia and sell it for more money than I would ever need.’

‘True – but you would be deserting your people – and it is very cold in Rakia in winter. They would also not let you sail it – you would have gold but no ship of any significance – and if you did, I would hunt you down and send you to the bottom of the ocean.’

Njil thought for a moment. ‘You make some good points – particularly about the winter. I don’t like cold winters.’





Chapter 08


Conn’s other major objective was to start exploring the mountains and coastlines of Kuita for the Cirice – and it was early autumn before he was comfortable in leaving everyone behind and go looking – just him and Derryth – and they spent three weeks riding over every valley and exploring every crevice.

After many fruitless days, Derryth suggested that it was nowhere to be found.

Conn was not so sure. ‘No – I know it is here – I’ve got a feeling. It is not in the ancient stone donjon where I thought it might be – it has been dismantled and put back together again.’

‘But we have looked everywhere.’ They were riding along the side of the mountains at the furthest tip of Kuita; to their right the snow tips mountain was started to get more snow and winter arrived.

Conn reached into his pouch and brought out a leather pouch. He opened it to reveal a bright yellow gemstone, some two inches in diameter. It was the heart-stone of Lilith. Derryth was still bemused that Conn was carrying around two heart-stones.

‘Is she telling you anything? Could she at least say “warmer”, “warmer”, “colder” or something?’

Conn laughed. ‘I don’t think she works like that. Anyway, without Folgere she is voiceless. I also got this.’ Conn folded out a piece of parchment. ‘This is a copy of something that was found in the library. It speak of the first Aebeling of Trokiak. There are just bit and pieces of information as the original documents are unreadable BUT what we can determine is that the original Trokian Aebeling was based in Kuita but was usurped by the chief of the village that we now call Trokiak. It speaks of the original Aebeling sitting by as their town disappeared under the water.’

‘Didn’t the oceans rise gradually?’

“I don’t think so – I think they rose pretty quickly – but most of that happened in the first three hundred years, and the Trokian arrived about four hundred years ago – a hundred years after the oceans had stabilized – and after the Ancuman had been expelled, and after the Mini Ice age…’

Derryth nodded. ‘The time that we call the Great Darkening?’

‘Indeed. I assume that the Trokians would have found a town left behind by the Ancuman – and in that town they would have found a deserted Cirice – also left behind by the Ancuman. They would have devoted that site to Lilith.’

All document that Conn had found that spoke of the first hundred years of settlement mentioned long winters and poor summers – many people died and the Silekians that ruled Meshech were unable to prosper and settle all of Meshech. Consequently when the Trokians and the other tribes arrived, they found plenty of places to live in deserted Ancuman settlements.

They had finally arrived at the day’s destination. They had stayed overnight in a small fishing village and one of the villages – and old fisherman – and mentioned that there was a very large lake somewhere to the north. He recalled seeing it as a kid, and with that knowledge they had headed north rather than turning around.

As they crested a mountain range they stopped their horses, and were confronted by a hug lake that was only separated from the ocean by a thin mountain range; it was an ancient but small caldera that had fed a river into the ocean. With a surface height of water some fifty yards over sea level, less than a hundred yards from the ocean itself, it was surreal.

‘This must is the lake the old man mentioned… it’s magnificent.’

Conn agreed and looked at it intently for some time. It was a very strange site; water cascaded over the huge wall of soil and rock and down into the ocean. It looked to all intents and purpose to be a dam wall. In his “old” life Conn had accumulated a number of degrees – one of which was in geology. Nothing in front of him felt right.

‘Derryth, there is also something wrong here. Tell me, if you removed that wall that has the waterfall, what would we have here in front of us?’

Derryth looked around as the rest joined them, ‘A bay I guess – a small one – but I don’t know what you mean.’ Derryth was no geologist.

‘Remember the mountain side that collapsed to close the road between Zedah and Kuita – we determined that it caused by an earthquake.’

‘I do.’

‘Well, perhaps it was another earthquake – some time before that caused the mountains here to collapse and block off the entrance to this bay.’ He pointed out the features to Derryth. ‘See those peaks there – both have been sheared off – both halves have come down and closed off the entrance in a single motion – an event so severe that the entrance to this bay was completely closed off. And with the high mountains behind and a lot of snow melt, it wouldn’t have taken long for this valley to fill with water. That is why the Troakians watched their town disappear under the water.’

‘Here? At the bottom of this lake?’ Derryth was not convinced. ‘You want me to believe that there is an ancient town under that lake.’

‘I do – they left here and moved to Kuita. The old stone castle was certainly not built by Ancuman…’

‘Twacuman you mean – the Ancuman never do anything except fight and fornicate – they have slaves for everything else.’

Conn smiled. ‘Indeed. And after the road were closed and they were usurped, everyone forgot about this.’

Derryth finally conceded. ‘What you say sounds reasonable – I’ll tell my grandchildren the story even if it isn’t true. So how are we going to find out?’

‘I don’t think you are going to like my plan.’

‘If it doesn’t involve sheep and goats, its fine with me…’

‘Well, it is going to take a lot of black power – and I hope that I don’t wipe Cyme off the map doing it.’

‘But that is all in Halani….’

‘I’ll send Eggar to Atrak – and we’ll send a pigeon to Caewyn and she can send a company of wiga to guard it as it is brought here – in fact I’ll get Eggar to take it to Cyme first.’

‘Black powder in operation … that is something I am going to want to see.’



Back in Kuita, they waited for the arrival of the Twacuman and Fiona’s two babies – making Conn’s increase in children that year to be eight – his best effort so far – Halla, Jofrid, Fiona, and Aisly all having twin daughters. As well as continuing to work on the development of Kuita, Conn spend some time over the winter to devise his plan and he made sure that the only people who understood what he was going to do would be the Twacuman and the Valkeri.

Cyme had to know because a potential tsunami was going to head their way, and on the set day, Sibbe needed to ensure that there was no one on that side of the island, just in case. Conn went and visited to explain, and with Jofrid and her babies back in Cyme, he was able to arrange things without too much discussion. Jofrid was the heir now – without Halla, she was Sibbe closest living relative. He needed their assistance in his subterfuge.

Eggar brought the components for the black power, and the squad of Twacuman, from Halani to Atrak to Cyme; they were then carried across the island to be placed on small costal traders that then carried it across to a small bay near the lake. There the Twacuman unloaded the ingredients and Conn mixed them into his black power – Conn had a ‘degree’ in Chemistry as well, and placed them into a series of caves that had been dug into and under the vast wall that held back the lake.

The day before the spring equinox was the day chosen for the event; all of Cyme had been invited to a special spring celebration while everyone else would be preparing for the festivities. Very few would be out on the ocean or unnecessarily working in the fields.

Conn took three small fishing boats with just a few Twacuman and Priecuman with him – the latter were there as witnesses to the “magic”. Beaching the boats and pulling them to safety on higher ground, Conn climbed a mountain that was positioned perfectly between the wall of the lake and the sun, and he brought out his special “Gyden” focusing instrument – a burning lens – a large specially built convex lens that would concentrate the sun’s rays onto a small area at the base of the wall. Specially designed to ignite easily, the resulting fire and small but colourful explosion would light fuses that would lead to ten specially placed piles of black powder – otherwise known as gunpowder.

The resulting explosion should cause parts of the wall to collapse, and hopefully break the integrity of the wall to the extent that the massive weight of water behind it would break through and carry it all away – in a tidal wave of water thirty yards wide and thirty yards high.

Conn was safe where he stood – the water was rushing out towards the open sea or the island of Cyme. As for it working… all he could do was hope; he suspected that the sudden large amount of soil that had been placed there – and the slow and gradual filling had created the perfect lake. He was going to do the opposite. Create the perfect storm for a dam busting. If he wasn’t right, it was a serious case of environmental vandalism, but luckily there was no one to bring him to account.

He assembled the two pieces of the burning lens onto its frame and moved the frame into position, and then waited for the sun. The day was perfect – there was not a cloud in the sky and as the sun moved across the sky the moment became imminent. The highest temperature created by the lens would only last for a short period of time but it would be sufficient for the show. If it didn’t work, Derryth was concealed with a bow to ensure the explosion occurred.

As he waited, he watched the sun move across the lens until a beam of sunlight passed through both lens and became a bright ray of light that beamed down to the wall; almost instantaneously, the fire caught light, a red flare exploded and then all hell broke loose.

It was at first just a series of muffled explosions – not sounds that anyone in Meshech knew – followed by a deep rumbling and then the wall started to crumble in minor places – the waterfall started to expand and deepen and then in almost slow motion the entire wall collapsed; spouts of water appeared first as a trickle and then started to gush. With that the end was neigh, and the wall broke apart in chunks.

Conn then watched the increasingly huge body of water carry away the wall; digging deeper into its sides and head out to sea as a tsunami. Still very high, but not as high as what Conn had calculated to be possible. In what seemed to be a ridiculously small amount of time, the bay was almost devoid of water – until a reverse tsunami of water rushed back to fill in the space left by the departing wall; and what was once a beautiful body of fresh water had now becoming a sea of dirty churned up salty water.

Conn felt physically and emotionally sick – in a single act of environmental vandalism that took less than 30 minutes, he had destroyed a four hundred year old lake, and an entire ecosystem of life had been wiped out. He stood for a while contemplating the ugliness f what had happened, and taking a deep breath, he packed up the lens, and re-joined the others. They then all looked down the bay where five hundred years of water had just been forced out to sea. They were all silent for some time.

Derryth finally shook his head in astonishment. ‘That is certainly not something you see every day – and something I never want to see again. It was simply horrible – as well as spectacular. Will Cyme be okay?’

Conn nodded. ‘Probably, it wasn’t as bad as I thought; hopefully by the time it reached Cyme it will be half the size it was now – which should not be too bad. We will know when we get back to Kuita – the messengers will have arrived by then.’ Derryth scanned the bay with a telescope,

‘Well, was I right?’ Conn asked.

Conn knew he was already; as soon as the water had left the bay – the noisy silence that he had heard once before – in his head in Lykiak – was suddenly in his heard – the noise of a Cirice without haligdoms. It was however an odd noise – not exactly the same as the sound in Lykiak.

‘I think you might be – there are signs of lots of old stone building on the far horizon – the donjon itself must be four stories high. This definitely looks like an Ancuman settlement.’ He handed the lens to Conn. ‘How long do you think before we can go in?’

‘Weeks if not months – depending on how much rain we get and how long it takes for the ground to dry. Are the sentries in place?’

‘Indeed they are; no one will get into Kadash without your permission.’



The island of Cyme had indeed been spared significant damage – at around the same time as the explosion under the dam wall, a severe storm developed to the north of the island that counteracted again the force of the tsunami and managed to mitigate the severity of the body of water that Conn had created. This was followed by a period of excellent weather, and after several weeks, workers were sent in to start building new docks – building them from barges floated into position; and from the completed docks they started to explore the ancient town. It was almost pristine – albeit all the timber and anything dissolvable by water was gone, but the stonework of the five hundred year old town was in perfect condition. Being so close to the water’s edge and given that it had taken very little time for waters to enter the buildings, the town would have been deserted very soon after the event itself – not more than a year after was Conn’s estimation.

With regular rain washing the streets and building clean, it wasn’t long before a further avalanche of workers arrived to work on residential buildings. With accommodation, even more workers moved in with the daily deliveries of building equipment and supplies. Everything had to be delivered by boat or ship – Kadash was not really accessible by road – even without the water; it was essentially just a harbor.

With so few places to hide, the Cirice should have been easy to find – but it proved annoying difficult until they had finally moved away five hundred years of silt and soil slippage at the back of the town to reveal a grand archway that opened into a cave in the mountain itself. It appeared that the Cirice had been damaged before the town was inundated – the mountain had collapsed over the entrance. It explained, in Conn’s mind, why it hadn’t been rebuilt – it had never been closed down – and as they dug away the landslide they found human remains under the rubble and three haligdoms – the only one missing was Lilith’s – which had been rescued – and which was in his possession.

Conn and Derryth stood outside the revealed doorway to the ancient Ancuman Cirice.

‘You could have told me that the Ancuman have their Cirice under things…’ It was knowledge that had slipped Conn’s mind – after all the Cirice in Cyme was in the basement of the donjon. Conn was annoyed that it had slipped his mind – but he hadn’t visited that Cirice.

‘You seem to know everything else – how was I to know you didn’t know. Anyway, the slippage has preserved the Cirice perfectly – everything seems dry. When do we go inside?’

‘In a few days – let’s let the air freshen up a bit.’ There was little Conn was scared of – almost nothing except time really – but for some strange reason he had a disproportionate dislike of being enclosed in total darkness – and he didn’t know why. He did not enjoy being underground and heading into the mountain was not something he was looking forward to. He’d rather face ten men with swords than go through that doorway. ‘And we need to organize some lamps – lots of lamps.’





Chapter 09


It was several weeks before Conn had gathered together all the people that he thought needed to be present for the “re-commission” of Lilith’s Cirice. The last to arrive was Aisly, Healdend of Trokia, as Esras, Aebeling of Kania, had arrived the day before. Conn had insisted that he attend, and Esras really couldn’t say no.

Aisly arrived by ship into Kadash and was mostly dumbstruck at the beauty of the harbor and the town that surrounded it. A lot of building had been repaired while others had to be totally rebuilt; but work was advancing at a rapid rate. It was a hive of activity. She was now Wealdend – her mother had resigned as Wealdend soon after Aisly had her babies. Sibbe had agreed that she could go “home” to Cyme.

Conn walked beside her through the cobbled street to the doorway of the Cirice.

‘And all this has been under water for three hundred years? And no one knew?’

‘It all happened when lots of other things were happening – soon after they left here and went to Kuita, the oceans continued to rise slowly until Kuita no longer a good harbor and then it was usurped by Trokiak as the main town after the rod was destroyed. Perhaps remembering wasn’t a priority.’

She shrugged. ‘I guess.’ She stopped to look at Conn. ‘I have been wondering how this is even possible – we don’t have the heart-stone. We have looked but it is nowhere in Troakiak.’

Conn smiled bashfully. ‘It isn’t in Troakiak anymore…’

‘You have it… since when?’

Conn nodded. ‘I’m sorry I didn’t tell you earlier but it pays to keep the cat amongst the pigeons as it were. You actual gave me the heart-stone…’

‘I don’t understand…’

As they walked, Conn explained how the gem was in the pommel of the sword he had been given.

Aisly was astounded. ‘All this time, it was under our nose. Anyway, are you sure that it can be replaced – that you can place Lilith’s heart-stone back in place without killing yourself?’

‘Yes, pretty sure – it is meant to be placed back where it belongs. There is no one else to do it. And it’s not me that I’m really worried about…’

Everyone was waiting for them outside the entrance. Esras greeted and bowed before his Healdend. Jofrid was there to represent Sibbe – she was quite ill – something that had distressed Halla immensely.

Jofrid greeted her cousin warmly. ‘Wealdend – there is something that I need to do for you.’ She reached behind her neck and detached a necklace – she was wearing two – and walked toward Aisly. It was one of the Folgere type necklaces that all Valkeri wore and the stone at the end was golden.

‘This belonged to your ancestor – it was taken from her after she broke her vows. I would like you to have it again.’ She then placed it over Aisly’s neck and it flickered slightly as it sat down between her ample bosoms.

‘There – it accepts you. Welcome home.’

Aisly immediately burst into tears and she hugged her cousin and thanked her profusely.

Conn and Derryth swapped looks. ‘It is only going to get worse.’ Conn whispered and then turned and looked at the entrance.

‘Shall we do this then?’

Conn and Derryth had already been inside – the discovery of the remains of ancient Folgere meant he needed to inspect the Cirice before today, but that hadn’t made things easier. He turned and led them inside the doorway. Luckily it wasn’t that far in; the Ancuman seemed to have simple tastes for Cirice—a long fifty yard tunnel led to a large circular room. Aisly, Derryth, Fiona, Jofrid and Halla followed along behind, and inside the circular room were four stone carved statues of the Gyden – one large and three smaller – all very naked. The light from the wall torches flickered golden around the room.

Reaching into his bag for the heart-stone, Conn withdrew it and held it in his hand. The guests were all standing side by side, looking with interest. He had given them instructions to support Aisly as she would probably have her first connection to her Gyden and she should be prepared. They were all to stand close together.

Even Conn wasn’t prepared for what happened next, as he stood in front of the erotic stone carving, with its empty and open hand positioned under the large and pert left breast.

As he opened his hand to expose the gem, every torch in the cavern went out instantly – to everyone’s shock and dismay. Simultaneously, however, the heart-stone started to glow, and the room quickly became visible in the faint golden light. Conn braced his mind and then moved his hand toward the idol; though he could have sworn he saw the stone quiver, become fluid, and its right hand reach towards him and suck the gem right out of his hand. Conn shut his eyes as the stone was absorbed, and through his eyelids he could see the room lighten up immeasurably.

Behind him he heard Aisly sigh and swoon, and turned to see her being caught and lowered to the ground. Even Jofrid was not immune – and she was already connected to Lilith. She staggered but was being held up by Halla.

Doing what he normally did, Conn walked around and replaced the other small haligdoms – the ones found under the rubble. Before long, the Cirice was complete, and whilst there were no voices, there was something like music in his head, and it was a melancholy sound.

As he turned around, one of the Valkeri guards ran in. Conn looked up as she arrived.

‘My apologies, Eaorl, but there are Folgere at the docks; they bid an audience.’

‘Folgere? Here today? Amazing… what colour are they wearing?’

She considered the question for a moment. ‘Gold – gold under the black cloaks.’

Derryth moved to stand beside him. ‘You really didn’t think that this was going to be a secret from the Gyden did you?’

‘No, but…’ He turned to the Valkeri, studying her before answering. Young, she was taller than most Valeri and had a magnificent physique. Conn assumed that it was the influence of Lilith but his mind was overcome with lustful thoughts. He gathered himself. ‘Send them in.’

Conn went and informed everyone what was happening. Both Jofrid and Aisly had regained composure, but she was still crying. She hugged Conn and kissed him – perhaps a little too erotically for the occasion. Tearing herself apart, she thanked him.

‘I had no idea what I was missing – what my ancestor gave up when she betrayed her vows. I now truly understand her sacrifice.’ She hugged him again, and whispered in his ear. ‘I’ll thank you again …tonight … as many ways as you want.’

It was not long before the Folgere walked in, led by a woman in a brown travel cloak. Behind her walked half a dozen girls, ranging in ages, dressed in black. The immediate response for Conn was that the hum in his head stopped – there was only silence – but peaceful silence. It was calming and serene. He knew though that if he opened up the doorway in his mind, he would be able to speak with Lilith – but he wasn’t going to.

As they entered the cavern, they stopped to remove their cloaks. The Folgere at the lead was suddenly basked in a silver glow, her aura seemed to seep out of her body, and flicker wildly. Although her skin was a light brown, her hair was light red and she was indescribably beautiful. She was no Priecuman. Her gown was sheer white. The females behind him were the same – just dressed in gold. They were all very naked under their gowns.

Behind Conn, he heard Aisly gasp – ‘Lilith.’ And as the awareness came to the room they all fell to their knees in homage. All except Conn, he didn’t feel the need to bow to Gyden. He simply bowed his head as a sign of respect.

Lilith smiled at him as she walked towards him, her aura reaching out and tickling over his body. ‘Greetings, defender of Trokia, Eaorl of Kuita and restorer of Cirices.’ She looked to the others; ‘Greetings my children – Wealdend of Trokia and Aebeling of Kania.’ Her aura flickered around the room, touching everyone. ‘And to those that would call you Feorhhyrde – I welcome you as well.’

Conn decided to speak. ‘Welcome Lilith. I must say I’m surprised to see you. And I mean “see” you.’

She shrugged. ‘You close your mind to me – what else could I do?’

As he listened to her speak, Conn felt an odd sensation; he could sense the gold necklace that he wore around his neck; the necklace that symbolized the gold bands from Halla’s wrists that he was given after he defeated Halla. It now seemed heavy and warm. He casually fingered the necklace.

‘But I am not here just because you are rude to me. You have reopened the Cirice, and for that I give you thanks.’

‘It seemed the right thing to do, and ...’ Conn started to say.

Lilith interrupted. ‘You also speak too much. I have brought you Folgere to serve at the Cirice, if you are willing to have them worship here.’

‘Yes, they may.’ Conn answered.

Behind him Aisly cried out. Now she had the full experience. The voice of the Gyden was now in her head. Without Folgere, the Cirice had no voice. It would take her days to get used to it; though a couple of nights with the Folgere would help her cope – if she survived the ecstatic experience.

Lilith then walked towards Aisly, ‘It is good that link between us has been restored.’ Lilith’s aura flickered over the Wealdend, and she calmed; though tears streamed down her face.

When she stood in front of Esras, she asked him to kneel and she dropped a necklace over his neck. He staggered as the stone touched his skin and he fought to maintain composure. Two Folgere, young and lustful, came over and help him stand; their full bodies pressed against his. Conn could only imagine what his body was feeling. ‘I return this to you and the house of Kania – it was destroyed by one of your ancestors when they decided to break their vows to me and make them instead to one of my sisters’. She was matter of factual with her description of events. ‘Do you accept it back?’

Esras had tears flowing down his face. ‘I do…’

He aura flicked over his body and she smiled, turned and walked towards the doorway; Folgere helping her into her cloak. ‘Thank you, Feorhhyrde’ she concluded, ‘an unusual title for a Priecuman; but there is so much unusual about you.’ She shook her head, a look of puzzlement clear to all. ‘I have done my work here, so I will take my leave. It takes much effort to stay here’. She turned to go.

A thought suddenly occurred to him. ‘Gyden, I have a question and a request.’

She turned and looked at him in bemusement. ‘You ask too many questions as well. Curiosity can be dangerous. And how is it that I can help you, Feorhhyrde?’

‘My question – how are you able to be here?’

She looked bemused at his impertinence. ‘Here? This place is very old – it has powers that have been lost by all the other Cirice. It is connected to the source of us all – and one of only two place left – so it is special. There is no other way to explain it so that you can understand. Your request?’

Conn wanted to say ‘try me’ but decided against it. Instead he reached for the gold chain around his neck. Behind him he heard a gasp from Halla. ‘I would like you to return this to who it once belonged.’

Lilith’s aura flickered forward until it made contact with the chain. She smiled ruefully. ‘It belongs to someone who broke her vows; why should I return it to her?’

‘Because she was not the cause of the problem; she was used by others – namely your sister as you call her. We all make mistakes and she has already paid a high enough price’. Lilith looked at him for moments.

‘It disturbs me that I cannot read your mind – it disturbs me also that you can shut me out so easily.’ She paused, then suddenly ‘Yes, I will do as you ask, but only because you ask it, Feorhhyrde’. Behind her, the Folgere were also surprised.

‘Bring the child forward – I cannot see her.’ Lilith requested and Halla walked towards her, tears streaming down her face. ‘Have her kneel before you and break the chain and wrap half around each wrist’, she ordered. ‘This is usually done by my Folgere, but as the owner of the chain, and the girl, is you, you will do it. I hope you are strong enough. Now hold your hands over the chains on her wrists. Let go when I say.’

As Conn completed the task, gripped Halla’s wrists, he waited. Lilith’s aura then wrapped itself around Conn and Halla’s hands; changing temperature from cool to hot and then cool. Tears continued to stream down Halla’s face, and down her cheeks. After a moment, Lilith instructed him to let go, and as he did Halla cried out and fell to the ground. She was sobbing now. Lilith’s aura reached out and caressed her. She calmed.

The Gyden then spoke; ‘Halla, I see you again. Welcome home, child, I have missed you.’

Conn helped Halla stand. And Lilith’s aura caressed her body. Lilith looked surprised. ‘You are with child – but your child is a boy. How very strange. Never has a male been born to the house of Valkeri. I wonder what need his father has for a boy from the house of Ilissus.’ She looked curiously at Conn as she said this, and her aura flickered around the room until it had passed over Aisly, Jofrid, Fiona and Halla again. ‘How every strange that all of you are from the house of Ilissus…’

Halla, still in tears, looked at her bracelets, and gasped. Instead of yellow gold, they were pure white gold.

Lilith followed her eyes, and she shrugged. ‘Another strange deed of your doing, Feorhhyrde’. She looked at Conn. ‘You gave back me the Cirice, I gave you the Folgere.’ Lilith said. ‘You have now given me back something of great value; three of my children. I cannot give you anything of equal value, but I must give you something. Would you like one of my Folgere’ she waved at the girls behind her, ‘as theow? Take your pick.’

Something that Conn had never considered before suddenly popped up in his mind. ‘No, nothing like that. But I’d like to know where Tabiti’s heart-stone is.’ It was the last one.

Conn had extensive experience in surprising Healdend, but limited experience in surprising Gyden, and Lilith was definitely surprised. So much so that she actually dimmed. ‘That is a strange request, Feorhhyrde, and I hope you know what the consequences of knowing are. Remember my warning about curiosity.’ She paused for moments. ‘There is great danger in searching for it.’

‘I understand.’ Her answer confirmed that it hadn’t been destroyed.

‘Very well, I will tell you when you need to know. Goodbye Feorhhyrde, I would say that I had hoped to understand you more now than before, but I don’t. Events continue to surprise me, and I’m almost too old for surprises. I will of course meet you again when you fornicate with my Folgere. Remember to spend your time equally amongst them; it will not do to make them jealous.’

With one last look of bemusement at Conn, she turned, and walked out the tunnel; the Folgere bowed low as she passed, and then burst into tears as she disappeared out of the archway.

After a while, they collected themselves, and exited the Cirice. Conn had one of his staff escort the Folgere, after they had recovered, to their renovated quarters. They each kissed him before they left. After watching them leave, he turned back to see Halla standing in front of him. She was still crying and he drew her in and held her close.

All she said was ‘Why?’

‘Because I had to try. I’m going to miss you, Halla, it was one of the hardest things I have ever done, because it means that you must leave me. But you did say that I couldn’t… so you were wrong there – and I couldn’t have our children born knowing that I didn’t try to free you when I had the one chance to do so.’ He kissed her forehead as she bawled. ‘And we have a son. Now that is something else to consider.’

Behind Halla, Conn could see Jofrid and all the Valkeri that had arrived and were standing in a group; they were all crying.

Conn separated himself from Halla and indicated to them. ‘Your other family is waiting for you. And your mother needs you – you should go to her as soon as you can.’ Torn, she pulled away, and went to them. She joined in their tears, as she was the next Aebeling, and she was going home. Jofrid, whose position she had just reclaimed, didn’t seem upset at all.

He walked past Derryth, who was also crying.

‘What are you crying for?’ Conn asked. He looked up, and then noted that everyone else was crying too.

‘It is not every day that you see a Gyden.’

‘I need coffee’, Conn said, ‘Gyden, I’d like a double espresso! All this emotion is getting to me.’

‘Coffee is a very good idea.’ Derryth walked with him, wiping his eyes. ‘Did you notice that Lilith says all the same things about you that I do? I knew I was right.’

Conn laughed. ‘Oh, shut up.’





Chapter 10


Jofrid prepared to depart as soon as they could – Sibbe would want to see her daughter and grandchildren, and Conn farewelled them on the dock. Jofrid hugged him first and then Halla—it took her some time to let him go.

Conn gave her a final kiss. ‘It is all good – I’ll see you again soon.’

‘But it will never be the same again, will it?’

‘I never say never.’

Halla had one last thing to do before she left.

She brought over the tall Valkeri that Conn had imagined naked in the Cirice, and introduced her. ‘This is Torunn – I am leaving her with you.’

Conn was surprised. ‘Why exactly… unless…’

Halla looked scornfully at him. ‘No, you cannot fornicate with her – until her mission is over. I don’t know when that will be. You need a bodyguard.’

‘Hey – what about me?’ Derryth was not amused in a Derryth kind of way.

‘You get distracted – and sometimes have to leave. The Eaorl needs someone who is always around. Anyway, I insist – please let me do this.’

Conn conceded and Torunn stayed at his side as the small ship headed out to sea. After the vessel left, the three of them headed back to the donjon; a magnificent building that had just had the final renovations completed – all they had to add were fireplaces, chimneys, sewerage and running water; things that didn’t exist when it was constructed. Inside in the great hall, they joined in a feast that lasted two days. Aisly showed her appreciation ‘several times’, as did the Folgere, before the Wealdend and the Aebeling finally returned home.



Some weeks later, Conn stood at the docks as the latest topsail schooner glided into the harbor; spotted earlier that morning, it was returning from Trokia. Njil was the captain of the vessel and his men skilfully eased it in and secured it to the dock. Immediately men started to unload cargo. Njil came to see him as soon as he was able.

‘Good to see you back in one piece, Njil; how was the trip?’ They walked back to the donjon where Derryth was waiting for them.

‘Excellent, Eaorl, she sails like a dream – there is not a thing on the water that can touch her. And the harbors are good. Abrecan was happy with what we delivered; and we fully loaded now – and we will reload with salted fish and stone for Kania. The Aebeling of Kania has a sudden desire to build a stone castle.’

The trading network that Conn was continuing to develop was extensive; his and other ships carried grains, meats, glassware, leather products, hides, marble, oils, perfumes, dye, silk, timber, wine, lead, wool, textiles, pottery, papyrus, honey, hemp, linen, fish, timber, metals, horses, salt, precious stones, fruits (dates, figs, citrus, bananas), herbs, spices, amber, wax, pitch, cotton, cheeses to and from all the harbors in eastern Meshech – and now also Gatina. From the harbors extensive horse or mule trains distributed or collected the goods from the Eaorldoms. Trade also went into Rakia via Jory and his clandestine network. Nearly every single item was either transported by Conn’s ships, taxed via his harbors, sold via his agents or stores or financed and insured by the MFIC. Conn had emulated the zaibatsu concept very successfully, if surreptitiously. Only very few people knew the extent of his reach and every new demesne extended his production capacity. However, he had ensured that by paying tax and excise duties, and spending large amounts on infrastructure such as roads and harbors, every demesne and every Eaorl profited. He just profited more.

‘There is a slight change of plan – I have another ship coming to collect your cargo.’

‘Where are we going?’

‘Gatinak.’

‘Gatinak?’ This was almost yelled out by two different people – Derryth and Fiona. Njil and Conn looked at them both.

Derryth was excited. ‘Finally – we get to do something – if I have one more tankard of beer, I’ll never want another – and that cannot be a good thing.’

Fiona was shocked. Conn hadn’t mentioned it. ‘Why are we going to Gatinak? You are not the most popular person in Gatinak…’

‘The Thane demesne of Gambi. I’d like to go and have a look at it ... and see if your cousin is doing a good job?’

Given the politics of the situation, Conn had asked Fiona to nominate a Reeve for the demesne and she has selected a relative from her mother’s side of the family – the Himera family – Eion il Himera. Fiona’s mother’s brother was Dominic, the current Eaorl of Himera.

‘Are you sure that is all – nothing is every that simple with you?’

Derryth agreed. ‘True, he can be very devious and cunning.’

Njil watched the banter with a smile and turned back to Conn.

‘When do we leave?’

‘As soon as the cargo is transferred. A week at most. And Derryth – you don’t get to come with me – just yet. I need you to do something else first. I have a ship ready to take you to Dor with your horses.’

Derryth shrugged. ‘I don’t mind – at least I’m doing something.’

With instructions in hand, Njil prepared for the voyage and within the week he was ready. Conn stood on the deck with Fiona and Torunn and waved at those that were there to see them go – which wasn’t many. Derryth had left the day before; his new Harbor Master – one of his Silekians trained in Atrak – was there to take care of things until his return.

Njil was giving instructions as the vessel glided its way out of the harbour and into the open sea.

‘First stop Cyme?’ he asked.

‘First stop Cyme, then Trokiak and then Gatinak.’

As he sat on the deck of the schooner, Conn was reminded of the summer he spent on almost an exact replica of this ship, sailing the Atlantic, another sea a long way away. It too was made by hand; it was his prototype for this very vessel.

In under two days they were in Cyme; pigeon post had told him that Sibbe had passed and that Halla was now Aebeling. She had arrived in time to see her mother. It was one season since he had seen Halla and she already looked different – being Aebeling had taken away the embarrassment of being a Theow. That being said, she didn’t look any older.

It was after dinner and there was a pleasant but serious discussion about which of them would fornicate with Conn first that night. To Jofrid’s chagrin Halla was pulling rank. Conn interrupted.

‘I have another request.’

They shook their heads. ‘No, we cannot – we are cousins – we can’t both share a bed with you.’

‘I have a friend that I can bring, though.’ Jofrid offered. ‘You would enjoy her – I know I do…’

‘Not that – as appealing as that is for me – I would like Jofrid to move to Kadash.’

Halla looked at Jofrid. She was surprised. ‘Kadash – why do you want me to move to Kadash?’

‘I want you to govern the demesne for our daughter – she is to be the heir.’

The six sisters were playing on the floor together. Conn picked up Jofrid’s eldest – by five minutes – Fidelma. She giggled as she cuddled into her father.

‘I will be nominating Fidelma as my heir to Kuita – I’m going to get it renamed the Earldom of Kadash when I visit Trokia next week. I think her mother should be there to guide her along the way. I will have you officially nominated as Regent should something happen to me.’

The cousins looked at each other. ‘Won’t that make me a vow breaker?’

‘Hardly, I will be paying for a company of Valkeri to help you guard my town. Just business.’

When Conn left the next morning, everyone was happy – in more ways than one. Jofrid, as happy as she was to have Halla back as Aebeling, couldn’t always hide her disappointment about no longer being the Aebeling; now she could move on. Conn was happy too, when Jofrid visited him later in the evening, she took her friend with her.



In Trokiak, Aisly was not as happy as she could have been – she was pregnant again but that is what you get if you want to show your appreciation the way she insisted on showing it. Having your first real connection to your Gyden also makes you throw caution to the wind. Still, she was assured by Lilith that it wasn’t twins, so that was something at least.

As well as attending meetings of the Witan, Conn had a meeting planned with the Master of the Books – Immin, the Chief Librarian, and he found him with a collection of ancient scrolls on his desk – as well as a few new codex.

He stood and bowed in respect. ‘Ah, Eaorl, thank you for coming – you could of sent for me…’

‘I was wondering how the transcribing was going?’ Conn was paying for the copying of all scrolls into codex in Trokia as well.

Immin showed him around for some time—dozens of bocere were hard at work coping from scrolls to the codex, and doing it three times so that there were several copies of each. One was being sent to the castle at Atrak, where Conn’s own bocere were creating the largest library in Meshech. It already had a copy of every known work in Lycia, and was part the way though the scrolls in the libraries of Moesia and Silekia.

Later Conn joined Immin back at his desk. The librarian busily searched his desk for documents. ‘Now, you wanted to know about the events that led to the Aebelings becoming Healdends, during the War of Liberation, as it is sometimes called?’

Conn nodded. ‘I do – I know that in 562 there was a rebellion – the Aebelings of Trokia, Moetia and Gatina threatened to go to war against the Casere Goibniu. I also know that Goibniu resigned as Casere and they all went away happy. I don’t know why – or how – or where.’

‘Well, your query became very interesting because not long after we started looking we found an ancient scroll – it is called the “The Confession of Leachlainn”.

‘Wasn’t Leachlainn part of the rebellion – is it not a strange title? Wasn’t he considered a hero?’

‘By all except himself it seems. Let me read it to you.’ Immin opened the scroll part the way through. It was old and damaged in places. It was not before time that it was being copied. He started reading.

‘My people, there will never be a true account of the sad events that led to the creation of the four current demesne in Meshech. Others will write only of the triumph of the three Aebelings against a despotic Casere; of the triumph of men of virtue over a man of greed – but it cannot be farther from the truth. The new Healdend will write how they were gallant and virtuous in the face of deceit and ambition. But history is written by those that can. None will write of the betrayal by many against one; about the false voice that drove sane men to do the unthinkable and how fair counsel was ignored to the peril of an entire people. None will write of the torment felt by many when the false voice was discovered. None will celebrate the true sacrifice of one to save not just his but all people of Meshech. None will condemn me for my blind ambition and betrayal of these same people. Nowhere will it be written that our actions caused the demise of all Meshech; that good counsel was ignored by all except the Casere who sacrificed himself so that fateful day will be put off and that Meshech may rise again. What was done, can’t be undone. I have no choice but write a true history, so that I may find peace, but it has eluded me. I die a condemned man for my part in the destruction of my people because …

Immin stopped reading and looked to Conn; ‘That is all that we have been able to save. The rest is dust. Without your request, this scroll would never have been discovered. I have been in this library for thirty years and I have never seen it before.’

‘Well, it kind of stops at the most important part, which is kind of annoying…is there much more on these events?’

Immin fumbled for another book; it was a new codex. On the cover was the title “The Glorious History of Trokia”.

‘We have just finished this volume. It contradicts itself many times, but it has some good information.’ Immin scanned through the pages. ‘Here – it says that Aebelings of Trokia, Rakia and Moetia met with the Casere in the grounds of the Donjon in Mylae.’ He looked at Conn curiously, ‘I have not heard of a Great Donjon in Mylae.’

Conn agreed. ‘Neither have I. Wasn’t Mylae part of Silekia?’

‘Indeed it was – in fact four Ratakian Eaorldoms – Lipara, Mylae, Soloes, and Ilissus – were part of the Silekia until the Rakian- Silekian War of 633.The Eaorl of Rakia was wealthy and powerful enough to convince his brother Eaorls to join him in his invasion of Silekia.’ Immin scanned pages. ‘It says he had a Fyrd of a thousand mercenaries from Kishdah.’ He went through more pages. ‘I don’t even know where Kishdah is…’

‘They are Ancuman – Kishdah is their home.’ Conn had heard the term twice before – once from Elddis and once from Sibbe. ‘But that is sixty years later – how is that connected to 562?’

‘It makes sense to me now – the Eaorl of Rakia was Ancuman – or at least the first Eaorl was.’

Conn knew that there was Ancuman blood throughout the Noble families of Meshech – in fact most of the problems were linked to Ancuman involvement. Given that they were expelled by Sherric in the 360s, they were somehow back in the 560s. Someone had decided not to learn from history.

‘How did he get to be an Eaorl?’

‘I know that – it says here that “The Aebeling of Gatina was steadfast in his refusal to accept the demands of the Casere and together with his Kishdah counsel he promised rebellion and called his Eaorls to arms. Only the actions of Trokia achieved resolution without the shedding of blood. The Gatinan counsel was rewarded with the new Eaorldom of Rakia and a daughter of Gatina for his efforts”.’

‘Lucky him.’ Conn paused to absorb the information. ‘So the Casere tried to do something, but they resisted and he abdicated. That’s a sudden but significant decision – to avert open warfare. What about 633?’

‘Well, it would seem that the Eaorl of Rakia commenced a war against Silekia and his thousand mercenaries were brought to a standstill only by the combined forces of Moetia, Trokia and Gatina – but the agreement that ended that war created the Aebeling of Rakia – both Silekia and Gatina had to cede land to the new demesne. I mentioned the Silekian Eaorldoms – Lipara, Mylae, Soloes, and Ilissus – except that it appears that the Eaorl of Ilissus refused to pay homage and surrendered his demesne. The Gatinan Eaorldoms were Motya and Hera as well as Rakia,’

‘What about Akarah, Tindara, and Syra?’

‘They were created by the new Aebeling of Rakia after the war – to reward his followers.’

He closed the book but noticed that another pages was uneven and opened to that page. He glanced quickly before reading on. ‘Eaorl, this is interesting I think. In 636, Rakia blamed the Gyden Tabiti and her counsel for the war and as part of the treaty the other Healdends insisted that all Cirice in Gatina be closed down. It seems however that that the Cirice in Gatinak itself had long been abandoned by that time.’

Conn shook his head. ‘Why would you blame your own Gyden for your own actions… unless…’ Conn stopped. ‘Thank you Immin, and if you find out anything more, can you please bring it to my attention.’ Conn knew what he needed to do now.

After sending a few pigeons, Conn farewelled Aisly and her twins, and headed south on a fine day for what should have been an uneventful trip to Gatina. Sadly things didn’t work out that way.



Three days out, at dawn, just after they had passed into Gatinan waters, the lookout yelled out.

‘Ship ahoy! To the west.’

Njil and Conn immediately searched the horizon with their telescopes. Conn presumed that it would be one of his ships or local fishing vessels. The lookout yelled again. ‘Captain, he has seen us and is turning to flee. It is not one of ours. In fact I have not seen the type before. It has a single square sail and high deck at the rear.’

‘I think I know what it is…’

Njil looked at Conn. ‘You do? It certainly isn’t Meshechian.’

‘It’s an Ancuman vessel – curious that it would be this close to the land. I’ve always presumed that they would have sailed well off the coast before heading for Rakia.’

‘So what do we do? Just let it go?’

Conn shook his head. ‘Not, it has seen us – I don’t want this ship to be spoken about too much. Let’s hunt it down.’

Conn had seen such as vessel; and not so long ago – the vessel was just a cog. Njil ordered all hands on deck and the archers to be at the ready. Despite the best efforts of the captain of the cog, its single sail was no match for the topsail schooner, and the schooner was drawing inevitably closer and closer.

‘They have bowmen,’ the lookout cried ‘Beware the fire-arrows’.

Njil ordered buckets of water to be made ready, and then looked at Conn. ‘Do we fire first – our bowmen have longer range?’

‘No – wait… let’s confirm that they don’t intend to surrender.’

The answer was almost immediate and the lookout called ‘Volley!’

They watched most arrows hit the water and the few that hit the deck were quickly extinguished with the buckets of water.

‘I think that was pretty clear’, and with Conn’s agreement, he ordered his bowmen to fire at will.

Instantaneously, a volley of 100 arrows flew and hit the ship, but because the Ancuman didn’t think they were in range, they hadn’t properly prepared for the influx of arrows. Conn watched as many Ancuman bowmen fell in the first and second volleys, until they brought out the shields. They also immediately changed course, trying to get out of range of Conn’s bowmen.

They watched it turn.

‘They do know they can’t get away don’t they?’ Njil pondered. ‘Wait a bit; what are they doing now?’ Conn joined him in observing the Cog.

‘Eaorl, what are they going to do with the people they just brought on deck?’

People were being brought from below up on to deck. Conn could see that they were Gatinans and their hands were tied; and he watched them being untied. Conn had an idea why they were on desk.

‘Njil, prepare the rescue boat for launch…’

‘I’ll have to slow down…’

‘Do it anyway – they are going to throw those people overboard…’

By lowering the sails, and slowing down sufficiently to lower the small boat from the bow, they lost over 500 yards. Consequently it took them some time to get back within bow range again. Despite the hostages, Ancuman continued to die – everyone who stood up got an arrow in exchange so their efforts.

Conn stripped himself of all his outer clothing and boots. ‘Once the hostages hit the water, get me as close as you can and I’ll go into the water. Then chase that boat down; I think it’s time we boarded it; if you can capture any alive; all the better but I do want the boat. Go in hard, make sure they don’t scuttle it.’

Torunn looked at him in bewilderment. ‘You are not going into the water are you? That is crazy? You will die.’

Conn shook his head. ‘I’ll be fine – I’m a trained surf lifesaver. I even did my training Down Under.’

‘What’s a surf lifesaver?’

In the distance, they saw the first prisoner being tossed over the side – and Gatinans were not good swimmers – in fact very few Meshechians could swim at all. It had taken him some time to teach his sailors to be able to even do breaststroke.

The first was followed by other prisoners – they clearly hoped that the ship would stop to rescue the swimmers. They were misguided.

Conn answered the question. ‘Someone who jumps into the ocean when he shouldn’t have to…’

As they drew alongside the first of the floundering swimmers, Conn dived into the ocean, with some bamboo floaters attached to him by a light rope. Other floaters were thrown from the deck to the struggling swimmers.

The water was bitterly cold – no one would survive in here for long. As he rose to the surface, he swam quickly to the nearest; a middle aged man trying valiantly to stay afloat. He was going under as Conn reached him and dragged him to the surface; passed him a float board and told him to hang on.

He swam to the next; a young lady and towed her to the next buoy. He could see that the sloop would soon be there. There must have been about six captives and already two had disappeared. He swam to the last that he could see and it was a young girl. Keeping her afloat, he turned and swam back towards the sloop that was heading his way; they had succeeded in saving the fourth one.

By the time that they were all sitting in the sloop, out of their clothes and under the blankets the Schooner was long gone; it had disappeared over the horizon and they were alone in the ocean. They raised the mainsail and changed course, tracking parallel to the coast. The day had been consumed in the pursuit, and there was no chance that they would be rescued before night. They could also not take a course for land either, as there would be a danger of breaking up on the rocks. It would be a long night. But at least it was not a stormy night, the craft was at capacity.

The sloop was fitted out with emergency supplies of food, blankets and clothing; rudimentary pants and a simple yukata – but at least they were dry. They had supplies of salted fish, beef jerky and hard biscuits – as well as some rum to mix with the water; and it wasn’t long before they started to feel warm, thanks to the rum.

Once they were fed and warm, Conn answered their questions and started asking them his.

The elder girl’s name was the Eaorl of Mazara’s youngest daughter, Granuaile, while the younger girl was her cousin, Wilda, daughter of the Thane of Panua in Mazara. The two others were wiga; entrusted for their safety. They recognized Conn immediately – both had served in the campaign in Trokia.

The Thane of Panus had a donjon quite close to ocean – his was a fishing community. Granuaile was on her way to visit her grandmother when they were attacked by the Ancuman.

‘Were you far off your path – did you get lost?’

Granuaile was the spokesman. ‘No – not at all – it was the same road that we always use. We were just riding along and then we were surrounded by these bowmen – you said that they are Ancuman? I have heard of them but I’d never seen one before.’

‘So they were waiting for someone to capture …’

‘It was very strange – not ten minutes before we were surrounded, we passed a group of merchants heading towards Panua – they must have passed right by the... Ancuman … but they weren’t taken.’

Conn immediately looked to the wiga. ‘Did they ask you any questions?’

‘They did – they wanted to know about the war in … um… Trokia – and if we had been there – and when we surrendered.’

‘Before or after you got on the boat?’

They were surprised at the question, and they looked at each other. ‘Before – before we even left the road.’

‘And you were a Folctoga?’

The men were not young. ‘We both were. Why is that significant?’

‘Because you were the target. Wilda’, Conn turned around and addressed the girl, ‘did they ask how old you are?’

She nodded.

‘And...’

‘I’ve seen fifteen summers…’

‘I suspect that if you had have been any younger both you girls would have died there – but with two of you, the Captain would have had one to play with and the crew the other… they hadn’t touched you yet, had they?’ He suspected not – Ancuman liked their intercourse rough so they would have had some bruises by now.

They both shook their heads.

‘So what did they want?’ Granuaile asked.

‘They wanted to find out what they could about the Trokian war – obviously they couldn’t kidnap any of their Rakian partners – but who is going to miss a few Gatinans? And there would have been much to gain by interviewing two experienced Folctoga for a few months.’

It was now night and the only guidance they had was the night sky – luckily Meshech had a few stars to keep them on course. As soon as the light allowed they scoured the horizon for flares; the Schooner should be signalling its position to them before a very bright sun made the fireworks harder to see.

It was Granuaile who spotted the signal.

‘There – flashes of red and yellow.’

Conn immediately fired one in response and an acknowledgement signal was received; this time in blue. Several hours later, the Schooner sided up to the sloop; which Conn noted happily, escorted the Ancuman Cog.

Finally on board and underway, Fiona hugged him closely for the tenth time..

‘Gyden, you gave us a fright. I thought we would never find you.’

Conn laughed, hugging her back for the tenth time. ‘There was never a doubt; Njil knew what to do; we knew what to do. If, however, you had not found us today, we would have kept our course and made shore by tomorrow. It would have been inconvenient but still safe.’

Fiona was delighted that the girls had been rescued – Granuaile was in fact a cousin – Fiona’s grandmother was of the House of Mazara, and she made extra sure that they were comfortable.

Conn and Njil looked at the Cog as it sailed along behind. They were travelling at half speed to keep it in sight. That being said, it was a large craft – also able to carry over a hundred tonnes of cargo.

‘They had no intention of being taken alive. After we had grappled the vessel for boarding they just rushed us – we had no choice but to fire and our archers don’t miss. They tried to burn the ship but luckily they didn’t have time to get it started properly and we were able to put it out. There is minimal damage. The cargo is interesting – a fair amount of Ryals – chests full in fact – I wonder what cargo they were selling. Mostly, they are carrying food – they have enough to last several weeks – even for the thirty men aboard. It must be a long way to …’

‘Kishdah. The Ancuman live in a group of islands – a very large island I understand, call Kishdah. It is to the north east and the journey takes some months. Getting there and back is quite a feat of navigation.’

Njil was surprised at Conn’s knowledge of such things, but that wasn’t a new occurrence. ‘What I don’t understand why you want the vessel. The ones you have are so much bigger and faster.’

‘But also recognizable. I think we might need to build a few of these – just in case we need them in the future. After you drop me off, you can escort it back to Menia.’

Njil laughed. ‘Just so that no one attacks it on sight.’

‘Indeed. It would also be good if the Rakians didn’t know we had it.’

Njil decided to confirm something. ‘And we are not going to go to Kishdah are we?’

‘Not today – but who know what tomorrow will bring.’

He sighed. ‘I was afraid you were going to say that.’





Chapter 11


The arrival of the two boats into Hybla at dawn caused quite a kafuffle. Many of the workers on the docks recognized the emblem on the sails – they probably had nightmares about a charging mass of horses bearing the golden sun symbol.

Hybla was the harbor village to the capital of Gatina and as such was an important trading centre. Most goods went in and out via these docks, as did most sea faring visitors. As a result, there were a large number of vessels in the harbor, including a Ratakian craft. The Harbor Master, Thady, rushed down to the docks on their arrival and was most put out when Conn told him to move some of the smaller vessels so they could tie up. He refused until Conn offered to sink some of them – and Fiona said ‘please’.

Thady had grown up with Fiona, so her presence stopped him from becoming apoplectic; and finally the schooner was tied up at the dock; the Cog remained anchored in the bay, while rowboats were lowered to ferry the crew and wiga to the shore.

Fiona introduced Conn and Njil to Thady – who had yet to regain his temper.

Conn turned to business. ‘I have cargo I need unloaded as soon as possible.’

Thady shook his head. ‘It will not be possible. I have other vessels waiting to be unloaded – it will be next week at the earliest.’

‘Next week is too long. I need you to start today.’

‘My men are too busy...’

‘Harbor Master’, Conn interrupted, ‘I have harbors that load and unload in a month what you do in a year. This can be done. Here…’ Conn handed over a small box. Thady opened it up, and it was full of gold Ryals. ‘Pay yourself twice your annual salary and pay your workers three times the going rate… it can be done – don’t you think?’

Thady looked up and down from the box. More money than he had ever seen was in front of him. He was silent.

‘Harbor Master – can it be done?’

Thady just nodded.

‘Good – and is there a merchant called Jory or something. I heard that he trades with Kania. Does he have warehouses here?’ Conn knew he did – Conn knew everything Jory did – it was part of their agreement.

Thady started to speak again. ‘Yes, yes, he does. They are these behind us here.’ In a sea of mud and decay, a dozen buildings did stand out – dry, clean and watertight. Jory had learnt from his visits to Kania.

‘Good – have everything delivered to him – and before you ask – I’ll send over my captain to arrange this. Perhaps I’ll meet with this Jory person as well. I’ll send a message to ask him to see me because we need to purchase goods for the return voyage. Now, where can I arrange some horses – I didn’t bring any of my own.’

Poor old Thady was overcome – and as per usual, whence he tried to be a gate, he simply became another speed bump.

Torunn was shown the location of the livery and she went off to organize horses, while Conn watched men scurried to commence unloading the schooner. When Torunn turned up with the horses, they were saddled – with Lykian saddles and Lykian packs – and before noon they were on the road. Conn had one of the twins riding in front of him while Fiona had the other.

It was early evening when they arrived in Gatinak but they were expected. Thady had the presence of mind to dispatch a messenger as soon as they arrived in Hybla. The guards at Gatinak were cordial – they knew who Conn was – and as surprised as they were, they were all veterans of the war, and they knew they had been treated very well in defeat. Under escort, Conn went direct to the livery with the horses, while Fiona and the other Gatinans were escorted directly to the donjon. With the horses and luggage stored with the Horse Master – Conn and Torunn headed for the donjon – though still under escort.

Conn knew that Tabiti was not to be found in Gatina – after all she had been banished, but he opened his mind just to make sure. Surprisingly, he felt something else, it was strange, and it just seemed to linger as if in wait. It did seem familiar but was unlike anything he had encountered before.

Ignoring his curiosity, he entered the front door to find Devnet, Aebeling of Gatina, there to meet him; he was pacing the doorway.

Conn greeted him and asked him how his shoulder was.

‘Fine, thank you.’ He breathed out slowly. ‘Eaorl, to say that I was surprised to hear you were in Gatina is an understatement. To turn up here is an act of bravery or foolishness. I have yet to see any indication that you are foolish.’

Conn shook the hand that was offered, somewhat reluctantly. ‘You can’t kill me, Devnet, you owe me your life – and the Healdend can’t have the father of his grandchildren murdered, can he? Especially as his grandchildren are here to pay their respects. Besides, would you really want the combined forces of Moetia, Troakia, Kania and Lykia on your doorstep exacting revenge?’

‘If you put it that way, I guess that you are safe – for now.’

‘And the foreseeable future.’

Devnet escorted Conn into the main hall. As they walked Devnet noticed that the Valkeri was not Halla, and Conn introduced Torunn to him. ‘Has something happened to Halla?’

‘No – nothing bad,’ Conn responded matter of factually, ‘I got Lilith to return her bands, so she is back in Cyme, doing what Aebelings do.’

‘Impossible! That just can’t happen…’ He looked at Torunn.

‘Aebeling, I saw it with my own eyes. I saw Lilith with my own eyes.’

Conn explained about the underwater town and the special Cirice. Devnet didn’t know what to believe, and as they arrived in the main hall to find an older man sitting with two babies on his lap. He didn’t look very comfortable, and with Conn‘s arrival, Fiona and Granuaile took them away.

Devnet made the introductions and Ailbe, Healdend of Gatina, welcomed Conn to his hall. ‘It is true what they say about you then, Eaorl, you are an enigma; and those around you are constantly confused. You crush my Fyrd but save my son when he should have died; you take my daughter but give her and grandchildren back to me when I never expected to see her again, and now you save some of my people from drowning by diving into the ocean to rescue them from … if I am to believe the reports – Ancuman.’

Ailbe continued.

‘On top of that you have captured the vessel that belonged to them – most people would never try such a thing.’

‘My captain used to be a pirate – he is talented in such things.’

‘A pirate you say. And what is this about Ancuman wiga being in Meshech? Why haven’t I heard about such things before? Of course, Ancuman traders have visited Rakia for some time – and they have brought bedda for the house of Rakia over time – but wiga have not been permitted for centuries.’

‘Because you are not supposed to know.’ Conn then proceeded to tell the Healdend and the Aebeling everything he knew about Ancuman activities in Meshech – including the assassination of the Healdend of Silekia and the assassination attempt on his own life.

Ailbe interrupted. ‘Would it be churlish of me to say that I’m disappointed that they were not successful? And you would have me believe that you single handledly defeated four of the legendary Ancuman wiga.’

Conn nodded. ‘Only three died – I sent one back.’

‘You sent one BACK?’ He looked at his son in exasperation, raising his hands into the air. ‘Do you think that they will remember and be nice next time?’

‘Perhaps – it’s an experiment.’

It was soon late and the four of them were alone in the flickering lights of the great hall. Ailbe invited Conn back for breakfast, and offered a servant show him to rooms in the donjon – as well as others to collect his bags. He declined and instead asked if they could guide him to the ‘Boar’s Head’ Inn.

‘You want to stay in an Inn?’

‘I’ve heard good things about the ‘Boar’s Head’.

Devnet laughed. ‘I’ll admit it is the newest and has some of the best food in the town but you will be lucky to get out of there alive. But it’s your neck.’



Two guards escorted Conn and Torunn to the Inn, which, like all the other ‘Boar’s Head’ Inns throughout Meshech, had been built as per Conn’s instructions. This one was owned by Jory, and it had security, a large kitchen, bathrooms and even sewerage.

The guards left him as Conn strode through the door of the Inn. Immediately it went silent, as the news of his arrival filled the room. He headed to the bar and the barkeep was a little shocked but quickly regained his composure. The day arrived that he had been trained for but had never expected.

‘Can I help you, Eoarl?’

‘Your best rooms please – two of them.’

‘Of course – I will have someone show you the way.’ He yelled at some girls and they raced around to flutter their eyes and escort him through the back.

As they followed, a dozen other men stood and walked in front of Conn and Jofrid, blocking their way.

‘Aren’t you that Lykian from Trokia? You have a nerve coming in to Gatinak. I don’t think you are welcome – why don’t we show you the way out?’

Jofrid reached for her sword but Conn laid his hand on top of hers.

More men stood and walked their way. Conn could see that these men were retired wiga.

The moved to Conn’s side, and nodded respectfully. They then stepped forward to confront the thugs, shoving one in the chest.

‘Once you finish throwing him out – if you were even able – you might want to throw us out too. I didn’t notice you fighting in Trokiak – cause if you did you would know that the Eaorl did nothing but treat us right – I have never had better food in my life – and his Medic saved my boy’s life. My own Medic had given him up to the dead. But they saved him. He’s back here taking care of his children.’ He pushed him again. ‘I think the people who aren’t welcome are you lot. I’ll count to twenty.’

It only took five. Conn thanked the wiga, told the barkeep to get them anything they wanted, and retired to the room that was “always” reserved for him alone; up the back steps and on the top floor – the executive suites. The girls carried up buckets of hot water for the tub, and he washed and changed, before returning to the bar for a meal and a drink with Torunn. As he arrived, the manager informed him that he had a guest, indicating a dark corner of the room.

Surprised, Conn headed for the table and as he arrived, he recognized his visitor. Conn wasn’t expecting to see him tonight.

‘Jory, a pleasure. News travels fast.’

‘I hear about your arrival twenty minutes anyone else, Thane – or I should say Eaorl. Nothing with you stays the same does it?’

‘I try to keep things moving. What is so urgent?’

Jory leant forward. ‘I hear you have captured an Ancuman ship. That knowledge will be troublesome to some people – especially to those in Rakia who will know about it a few days. There is a ship leaving for Rakiak in a few days and I happen to know there will be someone on that ship who is the eyes and ears of the Healdend of Rakia. Do you want Fallon to know?’

While Conn expected that Rakia would find out in due course, he didn’t like them knowing this quickly. ‘Probably not – I guess we need to waylay him a little. Where is he now?’

‘It’s a she ... her name is Fainche and she travels under the guise of a cleric, but she is the cousin of both the Healdend of Gatinan and Rakiak so has good access in both demesne. She often visits Gatinak and the library here. Although she is cousin to Ailbe, she is only loyal to the Healdend of Rakiak. She is in the east visiting another cousin but will return tomorrow evening. She stays in Hybla at the ‘Cod Fish’. I like to keep tabs on her. Do you want me to have her killed? It will be a bit of a distraction but we can get away with it.’

Conn considered this for a while. ‘No, that won’t be necessary. But I am thinking that she might like to take a long holiday and do some research in, say, Cyme. The accommodation will be more than adequate. Send someone around in the morning to collect a message from me and I’ll make arrangements.’

Conn then got back on to the subject he was most interested.

‘I have a question. What do you know of the Ancuman in Rakia?’

‘Not very much – they used to be very secretive, and were hardly seen. Lately they are much more obvious. They normally just act as advisors to Fallon and Alric. Many more have arrived recently, however, perhaps there are a hundred wiga in Rakiak. I suspect the vessel that you captured is one that carried a troop of wiga a few weeks ago. I don’t understand why it would be in Gatinan waters. These new arrivals are training the Ratakian wiga quite openly.’

‘Has there been much of an increase in Ancuman ships travelling into Rakiak?’

‘Not that many, but they only arrive at night. They are fast and deadly. Luckily mine are faster.’

‘Do we have any idea what their plans are?’

‘No, suffice to say that taking over the entire island seems to be the overall objective. It does seem that the losses the Rakians have against your wiga just encourages more Ancuman to arrive.’

They talked further into the night and Jory slipped out unseen; Torunn had kept people away from that corner anyway; and it helped that Valkeri had a reputation for never being approachable – and they fact that they preferred women to men eliminated any seduction attempts.

At dawn, Conn handed a satchel to a courier that was to be delivered to Njil. Encrypted, it would takes generations for anyone to break the code as it was written in Latin – a language his Intelligence Corp used for messages. It looked nothing like the script that prevailed in Meshech – visually a combination of what could be Shavian, Korean and Syriac letters all mixed together.

The instructions were pretty simple, and Njil, being an ex-pirate, would have no moral dilemma in abducting the woman, and there would be little that she could do when she was in the open sea. It might take her some time to get back. Of course, no one could know or suspect what had happened.



He then returned to the keep; to have breakfast with Ailbe and Devnet. They pointedly asked him what his plans were in Gatinan.

‘I intend to spend some time in Gambi – I would like to see how things are progressing.’

Trade between Gatina and Trokia and further had been restored and was expanding rapidly – most of it via Gambi – as that was where Conn sent his ships.

Devnet was sceptical; ‘surely you didn’t come all this way just for that? I have heard that Eion has been very busy following your instructions.’

Conn smiled. ‘He has – and I understand that he is doing very well. But it is true that I also came because I need help with a small problem I have.’

Ailbe looked confused. ‘You need help from us?’

Conn smiled. ‘I do. I’m trying to unravel the events of 562 – have you ever heard of a scroll called “The Confession of Leachlainn”.’

Ailbe nodded, though Devnet indicated he had not. ‘It is an old tale, and I recognized the title from my father reading it to me as a child.’ Ailbe explained what he knew of the scroll to Devnet. ‘Unlike Leachlainn, however, our ancestor was very proud of his achievements. I don’t know why I’m telling you as well, Eaorl, but it seems that you know most and have guessed the rest.’ He drank from his cup – Conn noticed that it was black tea from Lykia.

‘It would seem that our illustrious ancestor Comhghall, the first Healdend of Gatina, was not one of our most capable ancestors; it is written that he was proud and weak and he had a ‘feorrancund’ who acted as his mentor and tutor.’

‘By feorrancund you mean Ancuman?’

‘Indeed; anyway he was a younger son and never expected to become Aebeling as his mother was a merchant’s daughter, and his father’s fifth bedda – he received her as payment of an old debt. The tutor’s name was Finlayv. Not long after he was sixteen years old, a whole set of tragedies and accidents to his siblings left him as the only choice for Aebeling. Not long after that, when he was twenty, his father died at sea – his ship sunk.’

‘There would seem to be a hand at work there.’ Conn added.

Ailbe nodded. ‘Soon after Comhghall was declared Aebeling, a council was called by the Casere and all Aebelings were summoned. Comhghall, it is written – not by himself I might add, took being summoned as being unacceptable – and went to the Witan and convinced them to raise a Fyrd – he said that it was time that Gatinans be equal to the Silekians. He then went to the council and threatened to go to war. At the council, the other Aebelings supported him and unexpectedly, the Casere resigned and Comhghall came back a Healdend.’

‘Do we know why they supported him?’

‘No – but reasons that I still do not know. From his writing, Comhghall didn’t either – I think he was as surprised as anyone that his bold plan – or I should say, his tutor’s plan – was successful. Finlayv was rewarded with the Eaorldom of Rakia and a sister of Comhghall’s as bedda, and as you know his kin have gradually expanded the Eaorldom until they became Healdend. They would have kept going if they were not stopped. It is a strange affair.’

‘What about Tabiti?’

‘That is also strange. In books written after his death, it says that soon after Comhghall’s father died, and even before Comhghall became Aebeling, the Folgere abandoned the Cirice. The official history is that Comhghall banned them because they tried to influence his decisions.’

‘Do we know what happed to the heart-stone?

Not having a Cirice, Ailbe didn’t know about the heart-stone so had no advice. ‘With the closure of the Cirice here, there were only a few small Cirices left – and after they were all shut down in 638 – there is only one left – it is somewhere in Gela – but I don’t know where. I believe most were simply abandoned though I do believe that one was actually burnt to the ground.’ Ailbe sent one of his servants to find the Chief Cleric.

‘What about the Cirice here? Is it still in one piece?’

Ailbe pointed. ‘It didn’t burn down – it is still out there, somewhere in a very dense grove of trees. It is all overgrown. No-one goes near it.’

The cleric returned and Ailbe sent him away again with instruction to find out what he could about the event of 636.

As they waited, Conn took the opportunity to ask why they invaded Trokia.

Ailbe looked at Devnet before answering. ‘It all seems silly now, but we had ships simply disappear, with a loss of life and cargo. We didn’t know what the cause was – and Kiley was unable to give any insight. Eventually one did survive an encounter, and they said they were attacked by a Trokian ship. We asked Trokia to explain and they said it wasn’t them. Rakia came and said the same thing – their ships had also disappeared.’

‘Who came from Rakia?’

‘Gillean – Fallon’s eldest son and Aebeling – and Fainche – she is my cousin and Fallon’s cousin.’

‘So Gillean was advising you that the Trokians were involved?’

Ailbe nodded. ‘Gillean has my daughter as bedda, and given the evidence, we demanded the payment of a wergild. They refused to pay but asked to talk and a Gatinan delegation led by my brother Eonoth went to Trokia, but the ship disappeared on the return voyage with the loss of all lives. The Rakians also lost two ships – one of which was captained by Gillean. They said he was attacked by Trokians.’

Conn disagreed. ‘No – he was attacked by one of my ships. Eggar, my Captain informed me that he sailed into a battle between Rakian and Gatinan ships – the Gatinan ships were already sinking so he took action against the Rakian ships – they were lost with all lives.’

‘Why would Rakia attack our ships? I find that hard to believe.’

‘So that you would go to war…’

Ailbe sighed. ‘With the loss of my brother and his brother, Alric, now Aebeling of Rakia, was insistent on making the Trokians pay – he had just returned from Moetia – he was not very flattering about you, I must say.’

Conn laughed. ‘That I can understand. And so you went to war…’

‘Yes, and after every battle fought on Trokian soil, more lives were lost – which increased the need to complete the war to our benefit. And you know how it ended. Perhaps we were lucky that even more didn’t die.’

Conn considered the information – it was as he had deduced. ‘Do you believe now that the Trokians were right – they didn’t attack your ships?’

Devnet nodded. ‘Kiley convinced me of that; and I have passed on my belief to my father. It was a sad affair. But what is it all for?’

The Chief Cleric finally arrived back carrying a scroll, and after some time winding it back and forward, he came to a relevant part, and read it out aloud.

‘As per the conditions of the agreement of 636, the Healdend of Gatina travelled to each Cirice in Gatina in order to remove the Folgere. In all cases except one, the sites were abandoned, and no Folgere were to be found. In the Cirice in Eriak, they found the charred remains of the Cirice and the corpses of a dozen Folgere. Locals reported that the fire broke out in the middle of the night but nothing else was seen. The bodies were discovered in the morning. The body of one Folgere was not found and believed to have been taken captive.’

Conn thanked the cleric and gave him a gift of a codex – a copy of ‘The History of Meshech’ written by Silekians. He was beside himself with gratitude.

They watched him leave. ‘I’ve never seen anyone so exciting about pieces of paper.’ Ailbe commented, ‘but all that doesn’t answer the question you had about the heart-stone.’

‘Yes it does; and that brings me to my task – you may not believe this, but I want to reopen Tabiti’s Cirice, and I need your help to do it.’

Father and son looked at each other. Devnet spoke first, ‘Why would you do that? Is she not the enemy of all the Gyden?’

‘I don’t believe so – she is only the enemy of Rakians. To reopen her Cirice, I need to find her heart-stone.’

Ailbe looked confused. ‘I remember something about that now – wasn’t it destroyed?’

‘The heart was never destroyed – never can be – but they can be removed and stolen and put somewhere no one could find it – or somewhere where they have no power. Alric was trying to remove the heart-stone in Moetiak but I stopped him. As for Tabiti’s heart-stone – I know where it is. I just need help in getting it.’

‘And how would you know – who would know?’

‘Lilith told me. It is somewhere in or near the ancient town of Mylae.’ Conn smiled as he said this, full knowing that Mylae was in Rakia.

Ailbe almost choked on his wine. ‘You want to go into Mylae to collect a haligdom – you, the most hated man in all of Rakia. Do you know the price that is on your head?’

Conn nodded. He had heard. He was almost tempted to turn himself in. Paying that much could bankrupt Rakia.

Devnet was direct. ‘I’m unsure what we can do to help you?’

“It is fairly simple really; I would like you to escort me to Eriak and its border with Halani. It is some weeks from here. From the border I will go on my own to Mylae.’

Ailbe was shocked. ‘Are you mad? Do you propose to go to Mylae alone – with only Torunn?’

‘No, I’ll get some help from Halani.’

Ailbe scoffed. ‘Devnet tells me that he met a Twacuman in Trokia, but they won’t provide you with wiga. Twacuman do not interfere in the affairs of Priecuman, ever.’

Before Conn had a chance to answer, an excited official ran in. He had been running so fast that he couldn’t breathe properly.

‘Healdend, Aebeling; there are two TWACUMAN wiga at the gates and they wish to speak to you.’ He put great emphasis on the Twacuman.

Ailbe looked at Devnet and the boy with disbelief. ‘Twacuman? Here in Gatinak?’ He looked at Conn.

‘It’s Derryth – he’s running late. He should have been here yesterday.’

‘You’re expecting them.’

‘Yes. Have you seen the size of your horses? I asked me to bring me a bigger one…’

‘You have Twacuman bringing you horses? Has the world gone mad?’



Instructions were sent for the Twacuman to be shown in immediately and it wasn’t long before Derryth and Elva joined them in the hall.

After being introduced around Derryth turned to Conn in rebuke.

‘Feorhhyrde, do you realize how long it takes to ride from Kaniak to Gatinak?’

‘Are you still feeling soft?’

He shook his head, and laughed. ‘That I do not. Thanks for hardening me up again. Anyway, Elva came to give me a hand. Ten horses are a lot of horses to lead.’

Ailbe was still in shock. The arrival was one thing, and then the fact that the Twacuman wiga seemed to know Conn extremely well.

He interrupted.

‘Excuse me, Derryth il Halani, did you just happen to address the Eaorl as Feorhhyrde? Surely I misheard?’

‘No, Healdend, you didn’t.’

‘The Feorhhyrde has returned? And it’s the Eaorl of Kuita? Why does none of this make sense?’

‘When you find out, let me know too, will you? Anyway, do you have any Lykian Beer? This local stuff really doesn’t taste very good. Are you sure it isn’t off?’

Conn assured Derryth that new supplies of beer should be at the Inn by now – the ox carts from the harbor would be arriving today. Conn had a supply of all essentials – such as Lykian Beer and Wine – included in the cargo of his ship.

Devnet interrupted. ‘Did you say that you had some Lykian Bitter arriving?’

‘Excellent and about spices? I could kill for a … what was it called again… I remember now... a curry!’

‘I have some of those as well – why not come later for a meal. I’ll make sure that Derryth doesn’t drink it all.’

Ailbe looked at his son in total confusion. ‘What is this about “bitter beer” and something called a “curry”…’

Conn looked at Devnet, and Devnet looked almost embarrassed.

Conn addressed the Healdend. ‘Healdend – there has been some confusion – I did in fact send you a delivery of some Lykian Bitter – possibly the finest beer in all Meshech – as well as a sample supply of a variety of spices. It would appear that it didn’t arrive…’

Conn then looked at Devnet again, as did Ailbe. He smiled sheepishly. ‘The package did arrive but it had to be checked in case of tampering – I couldn’t risk the Healdend being poisoned or anything…’

Ailbe shook his head. ‘In other words, you took it all for yourself…’

They were interrupted by the arrival of Fiona – the news that there were Twacuman in the hall since forever spread quickly and soon the room was full of curious people. Most were shyly standing around the periphery except for Fiona – who rushed over and embraced Derryth with a big hug.

Poor Ailbe just sat back and stared; his whole world had just gotten very confused.





Chapter 12


It was after lunch before they left the donjon and returned to the Inn. Ailbe had agreed to help Conn travel through Gatina and they set a day of departure of three days. Derryth wanted to rest his butt.

Ailbe then asked curiously. ‘Is there anything else?’

‘Yes, one last thing. I’d like to see the old Cirice please.’

‘The old Cirice? Why? It is nothing but a grove of trees – and one that people say is haunted.’

‘The heart-stone will have to be returned there so it will need to be made ready.’

Finally back in the Inn and able to sip on a mug of Lykian beer, Derryth brought him up to date with events in Halani. ‘Caronwyn is now Wealdend. Brina has passed on.’

Conn was shocked. ‘I’m sorry to hear that. Did you miss her farewell?’ Conn had experienced a passing of the old – because Twacuman lived well over a hundred years, the passing was a celebration.

‘No, she waited for me – to say goodbye. She had a message for you – she says she know what the link between her and you is now. She was happy about it.’

Conn held his breath. ‘And…?’

‘Oh, she didn’t tell me what it was – she said there was no need for me to know – yet.’

The Twacuman lack of curiosity was sometimes very annoying. ‘Does Caewyn know? I’ll ask her…’

‘I don’t think so. Just Brina. I gather she asked the wind and the wind told her. She is with the wind now.’

‘That is not very helpful. I thought it would be something useful.’

‘If it was, she would have said.’



The next morning Conn led Derryth, Elva and Torunn back to the donjon at the appointed time, and Conn was ‘surprised’ to see the Harbor Master of Hybla, Thady, talking earnestly with the Healdend and the Aebeling. He must have travelled all night to be here at this hour. He was also surprised to see a Folgere, middle aged, who watched him intently as he arrived, sitting to the side. She smiled and he smiled back.

Why suddenly was there a Folgere in Gatinak? They were banned.

When the Thane had left, Conn innocently asked if there was a problem in Hybla.

‘Yes, a significant one. I presume you remember me mentioning our cousin, and a cousin to the Healdend of Rakia, Fainche? Well, she has disappeared. She was due to leave on a ship on the tide this morning – she arrived back into Hybla last night, but was not there when she was called. Her bags are gone, everything, despite being seen waiting not an hour before. Thady has searched the whole town including, I should add, your ship. The captain was insistent that they make a proper search of his vessel.’

He paused for a reaction but there was none. ‘Well, anyway, they have looked everywhere for her but she has simply disappeared. Thady came back here to see if she had for some reason returned here.’

‘What are the ramifications for you?’ Conn was genuinely curious.

Ailbe shrugged. ‘These things happen – she insists on travelling alone. We will send a formal report in a month of two. But it is all very strange.’

Satisfied, Conn looked to the Folgere sitting at the side. ‘I am surprised to see a Folgere here.’

Devnet nodded, ‘Not as surprised as me – she arrived this morning. I will introduce you.’ He went over and brought her back to the Healdend.

‘Synne of the house of Tabiti, this is the Eaorl of Kuita from Trokia – and somewhere else – Taransay or something. I really don’t know. Eaorl, Synne is also my cousin.’ He also introduced the Twacuman and Torunn.

She went to each cupping their hands in hers and kissing them on the lips, as is a Folgere’s want. After she kissed Conn she addressed him: ‘Feorhhyrde – I understand you have the title long deserted by our Silekian ancestors – it is a pleasure to meet you. It is good to see you at last. I was told you were coming here.’

Ailbe interjected. ‘Well, you could have told me – I didn’t know. Anyway, who told you?’

Synne looked to Ailbe. ‘Cousin, I have not been here in Gatinak since I had my calling. How could I have told you – and if you remember rightly, the laws that ban Folgere from Gatinak still exists. I only got in because I am your cousin – they didn’t know I was a Folgere. As to who – let’s say the wind told me.’ She looked at Conn again. ‘So why are you here?’

‘I’ve come to reopen the Cirice here. Perhaps you could give me a tour.’

Conn was surprised that Synne was not expecting that answer. Obviously the wind didn’t know everything. She visibly paled before she regained her composure. ‘But the Cirice here is haunted. I tried to visit it as a child and I nearly died… it is against the law to visit THAT as well.’

‘I try not to let laws impede my action, Synne. I am happy to go alone – perhaps you can take me as far as you can.’

Synne took a deep breath, and without another word, turned and started to walk out of the Donjon, while they all followed along behind. They snaked through the castle grounds and out a back guardhouse. Here everything was different and immediately he felt the dark presence in his head that he first felt when he arrived. It was just a lot stronger. He recognized it now – though it wasn’t exactly the same – but it was the Ancuman Gyden, and she hated him. She would not be happy to see him.

They walked to the edge of a grove of trees, covered with vines and shrubs. It looked like it hadn’t been touched for several hundred years. Conn continued towards the grove and stopped when he felt that that the others had stopped walking. It was obvious that they could feel the presence as well; and it seemed to be a ward; they couldn’t go any further.

Ailbe said as much. ‘This is as far as I can go – as I said it is haunted and whatever haunts it is very powerful.’

‘But the Cirice is in there somewhere?’

Synne answered, in some distress. ‘Yes, but it is probably lost to the elements by now. Do you know what it is that prevents us from entering?’

Conn shook his head. ‘I do – and it needs to be destroyed.’ Conn had a funny feeling that naming it was not a wise move as the presence changed from a general ward to hunting. It wanted to find out who had threatened it. Conn had to concentrate fully to maintain his shields. Conn handed his swords to Derryth and retrieved a machete and his Kunai. He had come prepared.

Derryth looked concerned, and he spoke quietly to Conn. ‘Even I can’t help you here, my friend. I’m unable to take a forward step.’

‘All good. I know who it is.’

‘Friend or Foe?’

‘Most definitely foe.’

Conn turned and walked the thirty yards before he reached the vines, unimpeded, and then started hacking his way through. As soon as he touched a vine, however, the Gyden knew exactly where he was and started to probe his defences. It also then knew who he was.

‘You! You again! What do you think you are doing?’

Conn ignore the question and immediately blocked her out as he continued to hack his way through the vines. It didn’t take long to reach the stone masonry walls that was the outside of the Cirice – they were only about ten yards inside the grove. As he suspected; they were still sound, despite the years.

The Cirice was built the same as the others – two rectangular buildings overlaying into a cross shape; the ended rounded Each end was an Apse while the common area in the middle was the Cella. In each apse, Conn expected to find a stone naked carved idol of the Gyden – the largest would be in the west apse; and that would be Tabiti. Access would be gained by any of the four doorway that separated the apses from the cella.

Finally standing beside the doorway, he removed dead branches and fallen logs to be able to gain access; he was starting to sweat profusely – the Gyden was beating down on the barrier in his mind, and if it failed he would be gone. When he was able to stand in the centre of the cella, he could see that the roof was gone, but otherwise the Cirice was in fine condition. The voluptuous idol of Tabiti was staring at him from her priced of place—her hands waiting for the heart.

Conn knew that his only choice of finding whatever it was that was guarding this place was the very dangerous act of opening the blocks to his mind further. Taking a deep breath, Conn opening his mind the smallest he could – and the Gyden attacked him with a force that was so great that Conn stumbled backwards; he placed his hand on the cold granite to stop himself from falling. The granite seemed to give him strength and he surveyed the room. Sweat poured down his face and body and as he stood upright again.

‘What do you think you are doing? You cannot defeat me – you are mortal!’

Conn didn’t answer – that would open up his mind further and allow her greater access. However, her voice was like a radar – he knew instantaneously which apse she was in and he headed there. Within the apse, he would stop to ‘measure’ the Gyden’s level of fear. The fact that he was where he was had already created a high level of anxiety.

He looked around the room; tiled floors and the carved statue of Inanna at the end. The statue was one piece of marble so nothing would have been able her – so the guard stone had to be under one of the hundred tiles that made up the floor. After ten minutes of “measuring the temperature, he was able to position the presence to the tiles three feet in front of Inanna. He moved away a foot of branches and logs from the centre of the room and he knelt down.

As he knelt, the attacks on his mind became increasingly intense – Conn fought to keep her from destroying his mind as he used his kunai to lift up four tiles from the floor, and then to search through the sand and soil.

He finally found what he was looking for. It was all alone; a single black gemstone, perhaps an onyx, and it had simply been placed in the sand. With due respect to power of the Gyden, he decided not to pick it up, and used his machete to lift the gemstone from the sand to the floor of the Cirice. It wasn’t very big – about 2 inches across but a brilliant black – but certainly much larger than the gems that hung on the end of necklaces.

Conn struggled to stand, and he searched for the largest object he could find in the room; it was a granite boulder that was dislodged from a doorway. As he picked it up and carried it back to the center of the room, Conn could feel his strength starting to fail – he used everything he had to stand above the gemstone and let go. The last thing he heard was:

‘Nooooooo…’

Then he passed out, falling to his knees and then face down onto the floor.



When Conn woke, it was late afternoon. He was in his room at the Inn, and he tried to sit up but his head swam. He had the mother of a headaches. Elva was sitting at the end of the bed watching him.

‘Gyden, I need a beer.’

‘Just a beer, I was thinking you might need a new brain. You gave us all a scare.’ She went over and gave him a kiss. ‘I’ll get you a beer and I’ll tell the others. Even Devnet is waiting for you downstairs. I do think he is here mostly for the curry – he’s on to his third – and that is just today.’

‘How long have I been out?’

‘Just over a day.’

‘That long? Tell them I’ll be down in a minute.’

He stood and got dressed and went down slowly – he was still a big unsteady on his feet.

Fiona was waiting for him at the bottom of the stairs ‘You had us scared there for a moment.’

She helped him to the table in the middle of the room. Elva brought him over two beer – the first one didn’t touch the sides. He sat and sipped the second.

Amongst everyone else, Synne were waiting for him – but she now had three other Folgere there as well, and they came to Conn and kissed his hands and his lips; they were obviously very grateful.

‘I would assume that means it worked. The Cirice is back in use?’

Synne, nodded; ‘Well it can be – once we have removed the forest around it and rebuilt the roof. Do you know what it was?’

‘A guard stone – placed there by the Ancuman to prevent anyone from ever reopening it.’

Synne was shocked. ‘But how would it get there? No Ancuman could enter Tabiti’s Cirice and do such a thing?

‘It wasn’t an Ancuman.’ Conn looked at Devnet. ‘Your father mentioned that Finlayv was rewarded with the Eaorldom of Rakia and a sister of Comhghall’s as bedda after 562?’

‘That is as I understand it. His younger sister.’

‘Did the sister ever have children?’

‘I don’t believe so… the Rakian line descends from other bedda.’

‘Then I suspect that soon after the Cirice was abandoned, it was her that went into the Cirice and placed the guard stone – she is of the house of Gatina and as to why, we can only guess. Maybe Finlayv promised to stay away from her bed if she did that for him. I’m only guessing – but someone took the guard stone into the Cirice.’

Conn was up to his fifth glass of beer and his head had just stopped aching. ‘I remember dropping a boulder on the guard stone – what happened after that?’

Synne answered for them. ‘After you entered the grove, the intensity of the ward dropped considerably and we were able to get closer. Of course, when you destroyed it, it disappeared completely and we rushed in to find you unconscious on the floor.’

Derryth agreed. ‘We thought that it had killed you – and your heart and breathing were weak for some time. But it seems that you are very strong, Feorhhyrde, there would be no man alive who could have done what you did and come out alive. Foolish but strong…’



With time being of the essence, they departed the next morning for Sedina. As they left west, Fiona departed south for the demesne of Gambi, just across from Hybla in the Gatinan Bay. She would wait there. As they were about to leave, Conn presented Devnet with a black stallion to ride; one of his Lykian stock. Conn himself was now on a second generation horse; his old Andalusian was now on permanent stallion duty in Trokia – the hills of Kuita were excellent for horse breeding. While the horses that Conn rode was superior, the horse he gave Devnet was a prize animal in any demesne.

‘I don’t understand why you would give me such an animal, Eaorl,’ Devnet said as he surveyed the horse, ‘you have no cause or need. Nonetheless, I am grateful, it is a beautiful beast.’

‘Your horses are too short, Aebeling, we didn’t want to look down on you the whole time.’

Devnet laughed. ‘I am grateful for that as well. It is not good to be looked down upon’.

The journey east was slow as it most mostly uphill. Unlike Lykia, Gatina sloped down from Halani; gradual in some places, less gradual in others. It took a week to Sedina, staying in the Inns in the Village along the way. Travelling with Devnet, saved Conn the need to explain himself to every Thane along the way – or have to kill any. It was much easier this way. Six days after Sedina they arrived in Nakos where the young Eaorl Theored welcomed them. From Nakos they travelled north through Kale so that they didn’t go into Eriak – Conn wanted to avoid having the Eaorl of Eriak know about his presence. Crossing the range into northern Eriak, nine days after leaving Nakos, Derryth started looking for signs of his war party. They were close to the border of Syra before he was sure.

‘They are nearby,’ he reported to Conn.

‘Who are?’ Devnet queried

‘The squad of wiga that have been waiting for us. They have been following us since the morning.’

‘I haven’t seen anyone – my men haven’t seen anyone – there is no one out there…’ Devnet was confident.

‘Really?’ In a smooth action Conn reached for his bow, fitted an arrow, and fired into a cluster of trees not a hundred yards away.

Immediately there was a response. A voice called out.

‘Ahh, dammit, Feorhhyrde, you ruin all the fun.’ Twenty Twacuman wiga melted out of the trees. They were surrounded.

‘Well, I’ll be damned.’ Was all Devnet could say.



Joined by the extra wiga, they set up camp for the night. This was as far as Devnet was going; he was now going to return home. Conn had asked another favour of him.

‘So you want me to go to Eriak and just burden the Eaorl with my presence? Why, may I ask?’

‘We were spotted two days ago by a small squad of wiga – they would have ridden to the Eaorl and he will be riding this way soon. When he sees you, you need to give him a reason not to send off a message to the Aebeling…’

Devnet was confused ‘I am the Aebeling…’

‘The other Aebeling… isn’t the Eaorl of Eriak’s mother from Rakia? I’m sure she is not there for her health.’

Devnet contemplated the inference. ‘My father opposed the match but he was talked around.’ He pondered further. ‘Very well, I’ll go and burden myself, as you so eloquently put it, on his hospitality. I don’t suppose he has any curry…’

‘Oh, drop in on all the nearest villages – I hear that one of them around here is famous for having particularly attractive daughters. It might be time to get a new bedda.’

Devnet waved it off. ‘I’m getting a bit old for that sort of thing…’

‘Trust me – once the Cirice is restored, you are going to need a distraction from the Folgere or you will be dead within a year from exhaustion.’

‘Very well, I’ll drop in and see what is on offer. How do you know these things?’

‘You never know what you need to know Aebeling.’ Conn only knew because of his trip in Gera a few years previous. Daray told him that the young bedda who had interrupted his sleep was particularly attractive and told him that her family was well known in Eriak for their beauty. Seemed trivial at the time.



They watched Devnet ride away the next morning, with his troop of wiga, before Conn and Derryth crossed the border into Rakia, joined the Twacuman who had scouted ahead.

Elva was curious. ‘Do you think they know we’re coming?’

‘They could – I suspect the Gyden whose stone I smashed may have got some information from me. It was hard to know. I passed out.’

Derryth laughed. ‘I’m surprised that you are still alive. It is not every day that anyone survives an encounter with a Gyden that is trying to kill you.’

Without surety, they travelled very carefully, following the mountain side for seven days until they passed over the range into northern Mylae. It wasn’t long before they found themselves amidst the remains of an ancient settlement, with the remnants of a long stone wall around them. It was also apparent that it had found a violent end; huge timber beams still lay partly charred on the ground. Conn dismounted and went to one of the beams, and using his dagger, he prised an arrow head from the beam and took it to Derryth.

‘Not Meshechian.’ he suggested.

‘No, but then we always knew that the Ancuman were involved in the destruction of the stone donjon at Mylae.’

Elva returned from scouting. ‘There is no sign of a donjon… do you think this is the place?’

Conn shook his head. ‘I have no sense of a guard stone but then I’m not opening my mind to it…but it still doesn’t feel right. I’m going to have a look from that mound there – I’ll walk up.’

Conn left his horse and Torunn walked with him up the rocky outcrop; trying to make as little noise as possible. As he got closer to the top, Conn studied the horizon in all direction. The location made sense as a military post; high, with good views over the land all the way to the coast. Today there was little sign of agriculture or settlements, and the only sign of use he saw was goat shit.

As he topped the mound; he heard the bleedings of goats, and then surprisingly the sound of a flute. It came from behind a large rock that sat perched like a marble on top of the mound; Torunn armed herself with a bow and Conn drew his katana. As they edged themselves around the outcrop Conn could see an old man; wizarded with age, sitting by a small fire. Below him, munching on what little green grass that remained were a dozen or so goats. There was no one else to be seen. Conn sheathed his sword and stepped out into sight. The old man looked up; not near as surprised as he should have been.

‘You didn’t think you could creep up on me, did you? You can tell your companion to come out as well. She made even more noise than you.’

When ‘she’ came out, she was not impressed. ‘I did not – he was like the herd of cows in a field of wheat.’

Conn was more interested in why he knew she was a she; but he didn’t ask. He was becoming very suspicious of old people. They kept making him look foolish.

‘So what brings a feorrancund into Mylae with a Valkeri? You are both a long way from home. Do you want to steal my goats?’

Again Conn was surprised. He didn’t much look like a feorrancund in his armour and head gear; there was no blonde to be seen. He looked at the goats; they looked old. Just like the shepherd. ‘No, not the goats. They look a little tough. I’m trying to find the place that the Casere Goibniu held the last council of Aebelings.’

‘Beogar’s Castle? Very unusual – but why do you want to find that? No one has been there for three hundred years.’

‘Beogar built the castle?’ Conn asked. He hadn’t read that anywhere.

The shepherd nodded. ‘So it is told – Beogar was the first Casere’s son – and he built a large castle to protect his people. Some twenty years later Beogar died near his castle – he and the thousands that defended it against the Ancuman. At the end there were but several hundred defenders left – the enemy were defeated with every Ancuman wiga dead – but the castle was destroyed. It was never rebuilt – there was nothing but a single tower and the walls remaining. There were many battles on the way to that final battle – one such battle took place here.’

‘You seem very knowledgeable….’

He shrugged. ‘There cis little to do in these mountains but to repeat the stories that we were told by our ancestors. Perhaps one day we will tell the story of your visit – if you tell me why you want to find Beogar’s Castle?’

‘I’m looking for something...’

The old man nodded reluctantly. ‘In Beogar’s Castle? I suspect you have come a long way to find nothing. The last person to visit it was Goibniu and nothing good came from that. But if you must, if you go a day’s ride north-west you will find a grove of trees, taller than any around it. You will find the tower inside that. Good luck.’ The old shepherd looked at the sky and commented, ‘It is going to rain soon, so I suggest you find shelter. I will head home myself.’ He picked up the flute and started a tune, to which the goats responded by heading towards him. He stopped suddenly and looked at Conn. ‘There is danger in the air, so perhaps you should be careful. Oh, and say hello to the Twacuman. They have been waiting patiently.’

With that the shepherd started to head down the hill and the goats dutifully followed. Torunn looked to the sky; it was clear and sunny. ‘Why would he say it is going to rain? There is not a cloud in the sky.’

Conn also looked. ‘That may be so but somehow I think we should believe him.’ Conn joined the others and they headed north-west, in haste. There was only a half day of light left and as foretold the weather changed rapidly and they were soon riding in rain. Derryth scouted shelter, a small cave in the side of a hill that allowed them to get the horses and themselves out of the rain. The cave was also deep enough for them to build a fire, and they took turns drying out.

The rain continued until the midday next, but they rode out at early light, using the rain to cover their tracks. At midday, the rain stopped and the weather was back to blue skies. With the warning at the back of their minds, they picked up the pace; wanted as much time to prepare for their visitors as possible. They noticed the grove of trees easily; it was distinct if you were looking for it; otherwise it was just an anomaly in the landscape.

It wasn’t long before everyone’s horses stopped except Conn’s, and snickered. Conn looked at the Twacuman inquiringly. ‘Another guard stone?’

Derryth nodded. ‘Yes – and it does not want us anywhere near that grove. Do you not feel it?’

Conn opened up his mind and winced. ‘I do – even more powerful than the last. Perhaps she is able to focus more. But what doesn’t kill, makes you stronger.’

‘Except for bedda... I suspect that just make you weaker… anyway, you go and attack the Gyden – can’t believe I’m saying that – and we’ll keep you safe. How much time do we have?’

‘Minutes I’d suggest.’

Derryth turned and spread his troops out while Conn rode closer until his horse refused to go further, dismounted and he set off on foot. This time he took his bow as well. The Gyden definitely was more powerful – she recognized him before he even got to the trees.

‘You again! You live – I thought I’d killed you last time. Strange that I could not. Very strange. Very, very, strange. I do not understand. So you think you are going to do it again do you. It is not going to be so easy this time; I have help arriving. Soon, very soon. And you should leave, I nearly killed you last time – you are weaker – you know that too – and this time I will succeed! You should leave. I know your weakness now.’

Weaknesses? Other than wine, women and song – and particularly tall women with large breasts – he wasn’t sure he had any others – or if these were even weaknesses.

Through the ramblings Conn could feel the Gyden exploring the shield that protected his mind – it poked and prodded; but the shield held. Strangely he was now unable to stop her communicating with him – which was very annoying because she continued to berate and harangue him as she tried to attack him. In Gatinak, both had learnt something from the experience. As Conn got to the edge of the grove the voice was getting more despairing – and then the tone changed. The Ancuman must have arrived.

Conn dropped to his knee as an arrow whistled over his left shoulder. It was from a distance and his armour would have held but it would have been a shock. With flawless precision Conn drew the bow and let fly a dozen arrows in a matter of moments. From left and right arrows flew from the Twacuman. But there must have been thirty Ancuman wiga charging up the slope, and they were armoured and their horses were bigger than typical of the Rakians – more buckskins.

Conn’s last arrow killed their bowman so Conn was left with two Ancuman with swords as they dismounted and circled him. He had no arrows so he dropped his bow and drew the katana and wakizashi. One was a woman; tall and strong – and large breasted, the other a young man. It was another fighting pair. This will be tricky.

The woman spoke. ‘So you are the one who destroyed the stone in Gatina. Our Gyden was most upset.’

Conn shrugged. ‘You just can’t please everyone – the Healdend was most impressed.’ Flattery always worked so he thought he would try some. ‘I’m very impressed so far; I’m finding you most attractive. It is a shame that we couldn’t have met in a Tavern somewhere. We could have had some fun together.’

After this exchange Conn noticed two tings – the voice was getting impatient and the young man annoyed – he must be the older woman’s lover. Everyone has a weakness. ‘So’, he continued ‘before I die...’ and in a flurry of strokes, counter strokes and thrusts he narrowly escaped beheading and rolled out of danger, ‘can you tell me how much longer the rest of Meshech have before they too are put to the sword. I can’t imagine that you will leave any of the Priecuman alive. I mean, why would you? Other than the pretty women as Theow, what good are they?’

The women laughed. ‘You are very perceptive feorrancund, and I don’t know where you are from. All will die or be sold; we will be ready in a few years – but it doesn’t matter. We have time. But we will have our land back. It was stolen.’

Another near miss and Conn had a crease on his shirt where a blade nearly cut him open. ‘Feorrancund, you are a very skilful wiga – any other Priecuman would be dead by now.’ She stopped to breathe deeply, her armour tight on her chest, hard pressed to restrain her ample bosom. ‘It will be a shame to kill you. You could surrender and I’ll allow you to be my pet.’

‘Instead of this young man? Well, let me tell you what I would do for you if I was your pet.’ Conn proceeded to give graphic details on how he would treat the women sexually, and with every comment the younger man was getting angrier – which the woman didn’t notice. She was enjoying the repartee. The goading worked however, and instead of following the script the young man went for the kill.

The women yelled ‘No!! Wait…’ but it was too late, Conn was waiting and ready and the spinning pirouette with the katana sliced his throat from ear to ear. He dropped his sword and reached for his neck as he fell to his knees. The woman raced to his side. ‘No, no, you had to wait... it was just talk…’ He fell forward dead.

She stood and faced him. ‘You will die twice for that.’

‘Do you really think you can beat me one on one?’ Conn laughed. ‘You are good, lady, and I truly would like to see you naked, but I have yet to meet anyone good enough – including the four that were sent to kill me – to beat me one on one.’

‘So they are all dead?’ She asked as she leapt out of the way, panting. She looked around and it was clear that her company was not winning. She was probably the last alive. ‘How is it that the Twacuman are fighting with you? They are not allowed to do that.’

‘I am the Feorhhyrde.’

She laughed nervously. ‘There is no such thing anymore.’

‘Then your eyes must be deceiving you. You will not surrender?’

‘Surrender? I would rather die?’

‘I would rather not kill you – perhaps I’ll just make you my prisoner. Theow or prisoner – no difference to me.’

The girl attacked again – her energy was becoming suicidal as the realization that she was not going to win and that all her entourage was dead. She became frustrated that Conn wouldn’t kill her.

She stool back, panting. ‘I will NOT be prisoner.’ She then did something unusual. She took her small dagger out and before Conn could react, she used the dagger to slash a deep cut into her leg; behind the knee. Almost instantaneously, blood gushed from her leg; the femoral artery had been severed. ‘I will NOT be a mare to any stallion.’

There was little that Conn could do; the gash was large and her blood loss would be severe. Conn stood and watched her die, but as she started to collapse, Conn went to her side and lowered her to the ground. He shook his head.

‘Such a shame. Some people take honor too far.’

Conn looked around and he could see that Torunn, Elva, and Derryth and the rest were still alive. All of the Ancuman were dead. They waved, and he waved and headed to the grove.

The Gyden was also disbelieving; but she had felt the Twacuman die.

‘How is it that you have defeated my children? That is impossible. And you have Twacuman with you. That is a strange development. I will consider that.’

It stopped talking and went back to probing his defences. Conn hacked his way into the grove and found an open space in the middle; stone walls, mostly decayed and crumbled. He started to sweat under the strain of her attacks.

Inside, the only remaining preserved item was a throne; made of stone. It was almost perfect. Everything around it was crumbled but the marble that it was made from was still solid. Protected by the Gyden. Conn knew that it was not under the tiles as they were crumbling. It had to be in the chair. He walked up to the throne and the attack became stronger and her abuse vicious. He was right. It was here somewhere.

Conn inspected the chair, checking every mortar in the eight hundred year old throne. Sometime during that battle they made it to this place and for some reason decided to leave a guard stone here – was it accidental or deliberate? Either way, they knew that two hundred years later it would be still be here and it could be used for some purpose – first to taint the negotiations with Goibniu and then to hide the heart-stone. That is a long plan, but what is time for a Gyden? Only the Priecuman measure time.

In a battle, where would someone try and hide a haligdom – the easiest place would be under the seat itself – anything else would be two destructive and noticeable. With that realization Conn prepared for the mental assault as he used his kunai to prise the large stone slab away from its base – it moved surprisingly easy. As soon as the slab was removed, the guard-stone was plain to see – it sat shining in the sand that supported the seat.

The Gyden now attacked with all her force – it was true, she was stronger but so was he. Her inability to defeat him confused her more than anything.

As Conn used his kunai to shift the guard-stone out onto the floor he saw the other gemstone – the red one that he suspected was here as well – Tabiti’s heart-stone – stolen in 636.

The black stone trickled over the edge of the chair and dropped on to the ground. With a final effort, Conn picked up the slab that was the seat and dropped it onto the haligdom. Before he passed out this time, he saw Torunn and Derryth rush into to the throne room of Beogar’s Castle.





Chapter 13


It was pitch black when he woke, and until his eyes adjusted he had the dreadful idea that he had been blinded. When he was able, he sat up and orientated himself; he was in a tent, so he presumed that he was still near the old castle. His head throbbed, and after he had stopped feeling dizzy, he crawled out, stood up and headed to the fire that everyone was gathered around. When they noticed him walking towards them, Elva came and collected him; he was still a little unsteady.

He smile was one of relief. ‘Well, well, sleepy head is awake at last.’

‘How long have I been asleep?’

‘A day and a half.’

‘That long! I thought I had it under control.’

‘You are battling a Gyden! How does one have that under control? You should be dead – not walking around complaining about having a headache.’

Conn went and sat down, and they handed him a coffee and a bowl of seasoned rabbit stew and rice. He was starving.

Torunn remonstrated. ‘Did Halla have to put up with all these near death experiences? I think I’ll have to ask for another assignment when I get back. How am I supposed to protect you if you fight Gydens?’

Conn protested. ‘She is picking the fight – not me.’

Derryth informed him that they had lost two of the Twacuman; and they had been returned to the wind with a funeral pyre. All the other dead had been buried, and their horses had collected. It was if they had never been there.

‘It was harder work burying them than killing them,’ Derryth complained. He handed over the red stone – they had carefully placed it into a small woollen sack. ‘So this is what all the effort was for?’

‘Indeed. Now they are all going home – which will aid in defeating the Ancuman. It seems happy enough – I’m sure Tabiti was in my dreams – certainly naked women were, and you know what the Gyden are like.’

‘I thought only a Folgere could touch a Haligdom’. Torunn commented curiously, as she watched Conn examining the haligdom carelessly.

‘That is supposed to be true’, Derryth added ‘but it seems that only a Folgere OR Conn il Taransay. The normal rules don’t seem to apply here.’

In the morning Conn was ready to travel, and the Twacuman were sent home to Halani, while he and Torunn headed back to Gatinak; each leading two horses – including one of the buckskin mare that had belonged to an Ancuman. The rest of the animals, as well as their saddles and swords, were going to Halani and then Hama.



It was a long ride back and three weeks later they were in Gatina, winter was beginning and the shorter days and colder nights meant they travelled slowly and set up the yurt earlier than usual.

The stayed with Eaorls when they could – other nights they stayed in the forests. Conn returned from his sentry duty to find Torunn preparing coffee.

The night was one of the coldest so far.

‘If I had of know that it was going to be this cold – I’d have brought some heavier jackets. I’m cold to the core.’ Conn was unconvinced; she didn’t seem to have put on her doublet yet and her well-endowed physique was visible in the fire light. ‘I mean, do you have any idea about something we could do so that might warm me up…’

Conn looked around the camp. They were in a forest and in very little danger of anyone attacking them without being heard.

‘I do have one suggestion – but I’d have to explain it to you … inside the yurt.’

‘Very well … shall I go in first … I’m open to any suggestion…’

~x156~



Consequently it had taken them longer than it should have, but at least they were warm at night. When he was finally back in at the Inn, Conn sent a message to the Aebeling and said that he would be up to see him in the morning. He needed a bath – and Torunn was still a little cold – and she thought that the yurt had cramped her “style”.

When they finally headed to the Donjon, Conn had the buckskin mare with him and sent a messenger ahead to ask the Healdend to meet them outside.

Ailbe was outside and a little annoyed. ‘It is usually me that asks people to do things…’ he stopped to look at the horse, ‘that is a strange horse and saddle you have, Eaorl. Do I assume that they once belonged to an Ancuman?’

‘They did indeed. Healdend; this mare is my gift to you – for inconveniencing you. The previous owner no longer has a need of her.’

They sent the mare away with a stable hand, and Conn followed the Healdend and Aebeling back inside.

‘I gather they were waiting for you?’

‘They got there just after we did – about thirty Ancuman wiga who seemed intent on us not recovering Tabiti’s Heart.’

‘I can only presume that they lost.’

‘They did…’

“I presume also you found the stone?’

“I did…’

Inside the donjon, Conn soon found himself surrounded by twenty lusty Folgere dressed in red.

Ailbe shook his head in bemusement. ‘Yours in the second summons I’ve received today – Synne was the first. I’m starting to forget who I am – I’m unsure that I’m actually in charge anymore.’

Synne came forward and cupped his hands in hers and kissed him again. She was crying. Ailbe was shaking his head. ‘They have been crying all morning.’

‘Perhaps we shouldn’t put this off then’.

With no further ado, Conn led the way out of the donjon to the Cirice behind the walls. Ailbe and Synne had workmen busily repairing the buildings during the weeks he had been away; most of the forest had been removed from around the buildings and the Cirice was now clearly visible. New buildings – accommodation for the Folgere he presumed – had been constructed and a wall of bamboo and heather was being constructed around the entire facility.

Conn walked into the centre of the Cirice and admired the craftsmanship in the repairs. Conn had arranged that Fiona send craeftiga from Gambi to assist – Lykian craeftiga. They were the best. Synne walked beside him as entered they Cirice. Conn looked at her.

‘Do you think that Ailbe and Devnet are going to be ready for this?’

She shook her head. ‘No, but I have tried to prepare them – they have a Folgere on each arm. What about you?’

Conn smiled broadly. ‘I’m always ready.’

‘I have something for you.’ She handed him another bag. Inside were three haligdoms – yellow, blue and green. ‘These were hidden in Gera.’

Conn nodded. He had gemstones in his bag that he had intended to use but if he didn’t have to use his, all the better. ‘Thank you. I was wondering.’

‘When the heart-stone was stolen, these were just left behind. We have kept them hidden ever since – waiting for this day.’

Conn walked with Synne to the gleaming marble naked statue of Tabiti, and stood. He then withdrew the bag from his pocket, and poured the red stone on to his hand. Synne gasped. The stone gleamed.

‘Three hundred years later, welcome home, Tabiti,’

The gemstone shone in the dark light of the Cirice; Conn headed towards the hand as it waited on her naked left breast, and as he saw the stone quiver, he shut his mind. This time something different happened; a red glow, much like Lilith’s aura, seeped out of the stone and flowed over his hand, sucking in the haligdom and then continued on its way to Synne. Even with his eyes shut, he was able to see everything clearly, and despite the mind block, he heard “thank you”.

He heard and felt Synne faint and he twisted to catch the falling Folgere. Lowering her to the ground, he didn’t bother to look but he could hear what sounded like an emotional train wreck; from the Healdend down – they were all crying and wailing; the emotions flowing over them like a tidal wave. Most had collapsed to the ground. As Derryth would say; it was not something you see every day – a Healdend crying his eyes out.

No one noticed him continue his routine, going to Lilith, and he put the golden haligdom in her hand. Next Badb and the emerald in her hand, and lastly Inanna.

As they recovered the Folgere steamed into the Cirice; it was bathed in pink light with flickers of gold, blue and green. Synne was awake and Conn helped her stand.

‘Isn’t it beautiful? When all four Cirice are complete, Folgere from the other houses will come and join us and we will be whole once again.’ She stopped speaking and looked inquisitively at him. ‘Tabiti wants to know why you are shutting her out. She says she wants to speak with you.’ Synne looked at him confused. ‘Of course, I don’t even understand why she thinks she can – you are after all not a Folgere or the House of Gatina.’

‘I can speak to them all – it gets a bit difficult to concentrate if you have a Gyden in your head so I shut them out.’

‘ALL of them – but NOONE can speak to all of them.’ Synne was quite taken back. Conn opened his mind and Tabiti’s presence filled it.

‘Feorhhyrde, thank you for opening your mind to me – and thank you for doing what no one had been able to do. I do not understand why you can. I would visit you like my sister but I do not have the strength yet. Please visit my Folgere – I know you won’t regret it – I would get to know you better.’

Always the same request – and one that he was happy to comply with. The looks he was already getting from the Folgere bordered on lecherous. Conn indicating that he would, and closed his mind again.

Synne was still shocked as she was part of the link with Tabiti. She almost fainted when he closed his mind to Tabiti, and he caught her again before she fell. Folgere came and collected her from him; they did seem to have an inability to pass him without their bodies colliding with his. Ignoring them for the while, Conn walked over to Ailbe who was busy wiping the tears from his face.

‘Thank you Eaorl. I am eternally grateful. I would reward you in some way but I don’t know what. You already have a daughter of mine. I will have to give it consideration. We are indebted to you.’

‘I’m sure there will be a time and a place, Healdend. Life always, or at least the Gyden do, brings us to account for our sins and our favours.’

Devnet was there as well. He had regained his composure.

‘You could have warned me?’

Conn smiled. ‘How – you wouldn’t have believed me anyway. Did you visit the Thanes as I suggested?’

‘I did – and you were correct. I did happened to get another bedda – and she was just starting to wear me out – I’m not a young man anymore.’

‘How do you feel now?’

Devnet looked the happiest Conn had ever seen him. ‘Very good. I’ve just sent a message for her to go to her room and wait for me. I think the slipper will be on the other foot today.’

Conn left them to their celebrations – he would visit the Folgere sometime later – around midnight was his typical visiting time.

He returned to the Inn with Torunn. She was complaining as they walked. She also seemed to have lost half the button on her top and her breast were barely contained. She also walked very close to him; their bodies brushing all the time.

‘For some reason I’m feeling really cold now.’ Lilith would have connected with her in the Cirice. No-one else realized it but all Valkeri were Folgere in their own way.

‘We’ll just have to see what we can do to warm you up.’

‘Thank you; I’d be very grateful if you did. Those things I said I wasn’t so keen about – well, I’ve very keen to try them again…’

~x160~



When Conn arrived at the donjon for lunch the next day, he was met at the door by very tired but very happy noble. Devnet winked at him; he was feeling very good about himself.

‘I tamed that beast… the stallion now has control over his herd again… oh, we have guest…’

Conn walked up to the throne and greeted the Healdend. With him was another old friend, Alric, the Aebeling of Rakia. It transpired that he was the leader of a delegation from Rakia.

Ailbe sought to introduce the Aebeling of Rakia but Conn indicated that he had already the pleasure, in Moetia.

‘Yes of course – I’d forgotten. It has been a very taxing night. I barely made it through first course last night…’

Conn understood his dilemma – with over twenty Folgere very willing to satisfy your every need, it was hard to maintain disciple, and not get lost on the moment. Conn addressed Alric.

‘It has been some time though, Alric, and I trust you are well.’ Looking at his sweaty brow, he doubted it. ‘You seem a little stressed however.’

Poor Alric was in turmoil. Because of his Gatinan blood he could hear Tabiti, and she was not beyond reproaching him for his negligence, or trying to tempt him with wanton vulgarity. At the same time he had the other Gyden venting her spleen at the sight of Conn. How she hated him.

‘Indeed, Eaorl. And how is Kuita – still deserted and inhabited by pirates and criminals. Your kind of place, I’m sure.’

‘Quite the contrary Aebeling; the pirates are now in charge of all my warships, and the fields are planted. It is turning out very nicely. And you probably haven’t heard that the ancient town of Kadash has been discovered.’

‘What ancient town?’

Conn described what he had discovered and how the town left by the Ancuman was almost pristine and the Cirice also…

‘So when we reopened the Cirice of Lilith she was actually able to physically be there – something about the power of the ancient Cirice.’

‘You DEFILED an Ancuman Cirice…’ He pulled himself back, knowing that he was saying too much, but the voice in his head was apoplectic again. He tried to recover. ‘No Feorrancund should go into a Cirice…’

Conn ignored him. ‘You will have heard that Badb, Lilith and now Tabiti are all back “home” – the only one away from “home” is Inanna…. Only a matter of time.’

‘You will never…’ Alric said this under his voice but Conn heard it.

‘Yes, Aebeling, I will, only one to go. And I’m sure that you are happy to have Tabiti back. I’m sure she will be making up for old time…. She has some lovely Folgere…will you be visiting the Cirice later to make an offering?’

‘Sadly no; I have to leave immediately for Rakiak. I simply came to inquire as to the whereabouts of my cousin Fainche; she vanished some weeks ago. We were most distressed – and thought at least to find her belongings and take them home to her family – if it is true that she had been murdered.’

Conn thought it strange that her belongings are so important as to require a visit by the Aebeling. He would have Halla look into that. Certainly everything she owned at the time would not have been given to her – standard practise. He wondered what might be there; probably something that Alric desperately didn’t want to fall into enemy hands.

Eventually the conflict in his head was too much for Alric and he begged his leave; the sweat was pouring down his face – he said he felt ill, he left the donjon as quickly as he could, and rode away as soon as he was able. Ailbe was confused at his cousin’s behaviour, but they settled in for a grand lunch feast in honour of Tabiti and Conn il Taransay.

After everyone had left for the evening three special invitees were taken to the Cirice for an encore performance of erotic dance and other things – all in honour of Tabiti. Hidden for several hundred years, she was a very lustful goddess as she had to make up a lot of time. Her Folgere would be very busy, and everyday more arrived, having received the calling.



Conn and Torunn then rode to Gambi, where Fiona and family waited for him. On the way, he dropped into to see Demne, the Eaorl of Eryx; his so called overlord.

Demne greeted him cautiously. The beating he had received from Conn seemed to still play on his mind. Conn however complimented him on renovations that he had done to his donjon. They were sitting in the new hall – it had a chimney, a tiled floor as well as other “Lykian” improvements. Demne seemed to have applied much of what he had learnt in Ushu to his own demesne.

‘Everything was not for nothing – I have to agree that in some ways I have benefitted. In other ways, I still have some way to go before things are as they were...’

‘About that…’ Conn handed over a parchment.

The Eaorl read the document with surprise. ‘I don’t understand. This seems to indicate that I no longer own money to that blood sucking merchant in Gatinak… it is fully paid! How is that possible?’

‘I purchased the debt from him – he was happy to sell it to me for a discount.’

‘But now I am in debt to you?’

‘Not necessarily – Fiona tells me that there is a lot of land around Gambi that is unused.’ Conn laid out a map of Eryx that he had prepared. Demne was astonished to see his demesne presented in such a way. Conn pointed to the Thane demesnes that were either underutilized or abandoned. ‘If you can find a way to make all these available to me, I’ll forgive the debt and pay you another 200,000 Ryals.’

Poor Demne was speechless. After another hour of haggling, Conn had his land and Demne had his pride back. Conn even promised him one of his daughters as bedda for his son.

Back in the Inn, Conn found Torunn waiting in his room, in his bed, naked; he knew that because the blankets went only to her waist. He looked at her curiously.

She blushed. ‘My room is very cold. You had the better room so I knew it would be warmer. Beside, you have been a little distracted with all those Folgere. I have accumulate coldness.’

‘What about the waitress from the Inn – I thought she was keeping you warm at night when I wasn’t around.’

She smiled, ‘She was definitely keeping the chill away. I’m going to miss her. She was quite skilful by the end.’

Conn undressed and she drew the covers back to let him into the bed. ‘And, tomorrow, Fiona will want you back in her bed.’

‘Only if she wants to be pregnant again…’

~x163~



When Conn arrived in Gambi, he was surprised at the amount of work that had already been accomplished. The upgrade of the harbor was nearly complete while work in the village itself was well underway, with a considerable number of new streets and new buildings. Eion il Himera had been able to work with the few craeftiga that Conn had sent from Lyciak without a problem. Even in winter it was a beehive of activity. As Conn had ridden in through the farm lands, he noticed the new fencing and larger square fields. With a shortage of tilia because of the war, any labour saving activities were embraced – despite normal reluctances to “new” technology.

‘Well, I have some more work for you, Eion.’ He told them both what he had negotiated with Demne.

Fiona was astounded. ‘How are we going to manage all that land?’

‘I have a plan…’



Days later they had visitors. Travelling in winter was not a typical Gatinan thing to do and snow was intermittent but snowstorms fairly common along the coastline, though the snow didn’t usually stay for long. Certainly frosts and very cold nights, however, were the norm and being outside or in substandard accommodation was not good for your health.

It was the Eaorl of Mazra, Shermund, and his daughter Granuaile. Shermund had come to express his gratitude for his daughter’s safe return.

They were sitting in Gambi’s new main hall, with its heated floors and fireplaces, drinking some of the best wine from Lykia.

‘Eaorl, I insist – there must be something I can give you in thanks. I am indebted.’ He drank another glass of wine, and commented on the quality yet again. ‘Now I know why we lost the war – anyone who can make wine like this …. Eaorl, I have to insist. I see that you like harbors, I understand you also have ships, and I have a Thane demesne that has access to the ocean and there is a small harbour – but it has nothing else – I’m embarrassed to even offer it to you – I’ll even include Granuaile as a bedda without dowry – will you accept both of those?’

He was rambling but he was up to his sixth tumbler of wine. Granuaile as being offered as a bedda without dowry because Conn was the only person in Meshech to hold a demesne under every Healdend except Rakia. So despite being an Eaorl in Trokia, in Gatinan he was held to be only a Thane and would normally have to pay a dowry for an Eaorl’s daughter.

Conn paused to consider – in deference to Granuaile he didn’t want to be too quick to refuse. Shermund kept talking.

‘Alas, the area around the harbor in very stony so I feel doubly embarrassed to offer you such a demesne because the farming id poor but it does have a good harbour.’

Conn was now interested. ‘What kind of rocks?’

He shrugged. ‘I think the kind that stonemasons turn into walls and barricades.’

‘And there are lots?’

‘Yes, I’m sorry to say.’

Conn considered it further and then accepted. A harbor to the west would be beneficial. ‘Shermund, I will accept the demesne, and I thank you. I don’t expect that Granuaile should be part of the gift – but if she wishes to stay, she is more than welcome.’

It seemed that she did, so when Shermund left after a few more days consuming Lykian wine, she stayed behind. Conn was now unofficially the Thane of Oxmon in Mazra. Ailbe would being feeling surrounded.

By this time Fiona was convinced that she was pregnant again and either way was happy that Conn has someone to spend his nights with – winter was very long in Gatina. Granuaile, turned out to be fairly feisty; she asked that Torunn, to whom she developed a serious crush on, train her in the ways of the Valkeri, and she spent everyday practising. After a few weeks, she also took to have Torunn join her in bed with Conn – not that anyone complained. Conn wasn’t sure which one of them she really wanted to be sleeping with. That notwithstanding, by the end of winter, Granuaile too was pregnant.



In mid-winter they had another guest; Njil turned up in the harbour, Conn met him at the docks as he tied up the Schooner.

‘What – are you crazy? It couldn’t have been much fun out there.’ The winter oceans were rough and treacherous.

He had his sailors carry down a large trunk, and he placed it at Conn’s feet. ‘I thought you might need to see this…’

‘This is?’

‘Fainche’s trunk…’

They continued up into the main donjon; Njil warmed himself with hot coffee and rum. He told them of Fainche’s tantrums and anger of being kidnapped. By the time she got to Cyme, all she wanted was her luggage, and once she realized that wasn’t possible, she gave up complaining – until she realized that escape was impossible. Other than that, she was fairly pleasant.

‘How old is she?’

‘Mature – I think perhaps forty. I gather she is not Folgere but she has never been bedda. Very strange. Anyway, when we got your message regarding Fainche’s belongings, we searched it but found nothing – but given that Fainche was not happy about us not giving it to her, it seemed worthwhile for me to bring it to you.’

Conn was suspicious. ‘What is the other reason – this could have waited.’

He smiled – a caught out smile. ‘It’s Allowena. She wants me to take a daughter of the Eaorl of Menia’s as bedda. I already have ... company, but she insist of me taking Eoryssa as a formal bedda. What am I going to do with a formal bedda – I spend most of my time way and I have no home.’

‘What’s the girl like – the Eaorl has so many I can’t remember them all…’

‘Young, very pretty, attentive, long black hair, big … – anyway, I don’t want to think about it – I just don’t know how to say no Allowena – how do you say no to Allowena?’

‘Much easier than saying no to Caewyn.

‘Who’s Caewyn?’

‘Another of my … daughters. You will meet her one day. Anyway, do as you see fit. You have to say no if you don’t want to… anyway, it is late. Go to bed and we’ll have a look at the trunk in the morning in light.



In the morning, Njil and Conn sat and looked at the trunk. It was clearly a very expensive and elaborate trunk – it had the elaborately carved ends that he had seen before. Fainche was obviously prepared for the possibility of someone searching her trunk – even an elaborate search. There were no secret cavities in the floor of the box itself, so it had to be in the ends. The craftsmanship was exquisite, and any secret latches were going to be hard to find.

‘Are you sure I can’t just take it apart with an axe?’

‘No – I don’t want her to know we know. Now, what we are looking for are very fine holes. This case is made by the Ancuman – I don’t recognize the species of tree – and the holes will be tiny – just large enough to insert the smallest bamboo pin. It will be on the side or top of the ends – possibly more than one.’

It took a while but after the first one, they had an idea what they were looking for and they soon had all four crevices open – and each crevice needed five pins. In each crevice was two sheets of parchment, and the eight pages comprised a report – and if you only had one page, it would not make no sense at all as every line was out of sequence,

Conn worked with one of his bocere to decode and rewrite the report, and reconstructed, it contained detailed information on the traitorous activities of several people within the Healdend’s court. They then carefully repacked the box with the documents back in place, and Conn instructed that it be delivered back to the boat and then to be given to Fainche in Cyme. After a week putting it off, Njil left for Kadash, and then Cyme.

Conn re read the report; he was going to see the Healdend, Fiona was desolate at the findings – it was her uncle and bedda that had been killed because of Rakia.

‘I think she is a bit unfair in her comments about me. I mean, she hadn’t even met me – “conceited, arrogant, proud, egotistical, smug, selfish, vain and insipid in colour” – I’m not insipid in color. I have a tan.’

Fiona agreed. ‘And perhaps “selfish” is a bit harsh – the others do seem pretty accurate though…’



At the guard tower Conn asked the Healdend to be informed of his arrival, and after leaving the horses at the livery, he walked to the donjon with Torunn. It was late afternoon and Conn’s senses were assaulted by the Gyden as he arrived inside the building. She was happy to see him, and hoped to see him later at the Cirice. They never seem to tire in their desire to ‘get to know him’.

The fires were burning bright as they walked into the Throne room. Ailbe was finishing his dinner.

‘Healdend, you are looking tired.’

He nodded. ‘It’s the Folgere; they are very demanding.’

Conn laughed. ‘You have to learn to say no, Healdend – or they will kill you. Leaving town is a good solution.’

He smiled. ‘Perhaps. Still, it is a nice diversion. My bedda are happy for me not to bother them – they were happy to visit my rooms for a week or so but the interested waned. And it is winter – not much else to do. Speaking of winter, what brings you out of your warm house to my cold donjon? Mazra said you have heated floors…’

The Aebeling had arrived, and they were both served drinks. Conn started to explain.

‘I recently had some documents offered to me for a price – a very significant price – which I gladly paid when I understood what the document was. I’ve brought it to you as soon as I could.’

Without further ado, he handed over a copy of the original documents, explained the code, and then gave them the transcripts. The realization of what was in the document dawned quickly; soon followed by confusion, and then anger.

Devnet spoke first. ‘And you can guarantee that these document are genuine?’

‘I can – but I would double check everything before accusing anyone of high treason but while the information is ambiguous, there is enough there to be able to ask some serious questions of a lot of people. The plot is too elaborate to be made up by anyone – and why would they?’

Ailbe protested. ‘The only person that is connected with all these people would be … Fainche – but why would she betray us? Whoever killed her must have stolen this document. I presume this information was going to Fallon in Rakia. And you believe the Ancuman are behind this.’

‘I do – of course everything there collaborates my suspicions.’

‘Why Miach il Eriak. He is a member of my Witan – I have known him my entire life; he has been a trusted advisor. Why would be betray my bother so that he is killed or worse. But if I recall, it was he that insisted we send a senior negotiator – and indeed him also that suggested my brother.’

The documents included a passage about Miach and his disappointment that Fallon had yet to do as promised – he had yet to receive the gold promised and the Rakian bedda for his son had yet to be seen.

Ailbe looked to his son. ‘What should we do?’

Conn had an opinion. ‘I would suggest a trial – the impartial process of your laws will demonstrate that you are a fair ruler. I think you have more to gain by a public humiliation.’

Ailbe and Devnet decided to consider the information further and Conn returned to the Inn, with Torunn. He asked her if she was feeling cold.

‘Freezing – any suggestions.’

‘None that we haven’t already tried several times.’

‘Maybe we should try some again – they might work this time…’

‘All or just a couple?’

‘The night is early…’





Chapter 14


It didn’t take long for news to spread that the Healdend had found proof that there was a traitor – or traitors – in Gatina – and they were complicate in the events that led to the death of his brother. A second rumour was deliberately spread that the Healdend was prepared to show clemency to anyone who could provide names and more information. Clemency meant that, except for the most serious of cases, death might not be mandatory. Consequently, people started coming forward in an attempt to save their own hides, and when the Healdend’s officials started questioning, they started at the lowest person in the food chain they could find. Everything fell over like a pack of cards.

When spring finally arrived in Gatina, one Eaorl, three Thanes, and several officials found themselves in the dungeons in Gatinak having been indicted on charges of treason. The Eaorl was Maich, the Eaorl of Eriak – whose protestations were as strenuous as the charges against him were serious. They had not given him the option, however, of escaping over the border – a squad of wiga had been sent to escort him to the town before word had spread, and even more wiga from the town had gone to assist the Earl’s wiga guard the border crossings.

Ailbe had followed Conn’s advice and held public trials; and they started at the bottom – the most minor official. They were offered leniency if they answered every question truthfully and could shift the blame to someone higher up. By the time they got to the Eaorl’s trial, the charges against him and his sons was watertight – they had proof that he had assisted in engineering the war, that he was responsible for spreading lies, and had directly aided in the demise of the Healdend’s brother – all on the instructions of the Rakian Healdend – and all for personal gain.

The great hall in the castle was packed on the day of the Eaorl’s trail. People’s desire to observe the misfortune of others was considerable. Shackled and dirty after his many nights in the dungeon, Miach, Eaorl of Eriak, tried valiantly to deny the charges but when faced with the evidence he could say little. The testimony from his officials, his wiga, his Thanes and indeed his own kin was read out against him, and he was found guilty of treason and sentenced to execution – as were five of his family and officials. Ultimately, the original evidence wasn’t even needed – or referred to.

Conn had some inclination of the motivation of the Eaorl – his was a small Eaorldom on the eastern border of Gatina; relatively impoverished, and due to its position an easy target for Rakian influence. Maich had one hope of avoiding execution – he had to pay a huge wergild – and because he had been found guilty of causing the death of an Aebeling, he had to pay ten times the wergild of a Thane – some 450,000 Ryals. If you also included his sons, three thanes, and officials, the wergild totalled over 2 million Ryals, and Miach was already deeply in debt because of the war in Trokia – his family had to raise money to buy him back, so no one would lend him any more money as the chance of recovering it was non-existent.

In fact, there was only one person in Gatina with that amount of money, and they didn’t ask him – but probably would have considered it if they had known that the Meshech Finance and Insurance Company (otherwise known as the MFIC), having recently set up office in Gatinak, had taken the opportunity of his misfortune to purchase the debts of all the accused other the lenders – at a severe discount.

Some days after the trial, and a day before his scheduled execution and attainment, Conn was present in the hall as Maich had his final chance to beg for clemency – for himself and his sons. Ailbe had already commuted the death sentences for the Thanes and officials to exile. However, neither Ailbe nor Devnet were inclined to give clemency to Maich and his sons because the betrayal was very personal.

Conn had a question however.

‘Healdend, is the Eaorl able to sell the demesne before his execution?’

Ailbe contemplated for a moment before answering. ‘I don’t know that it has happened before but there is probably no law that says you can’t. After the execution of all those found guilty, their demesne and everything they own will belong to the Witan and sold to whoever can pay. They are not worth the wergild – after a recent “misadventure” there are not a lot of Ryals floating around unused. I can have it checked for you?’

‘I already did – and there is no law against it.’

Ailbe laughed, shaking his head in bemusement. ‘Did you know that I had a letter from the Healdend of Moetia? He wrote to ask of you – he says life is boring without you around – but he also warned me that you never ask a question that you don’t already know the answer to.’

Conn had also been communicating with Driscol – though he didn’t tell him everything. Somethings he wanted to “surprise” him with. ‘Unless no one has the answer…I’m still really confused about the Gyden.’

‘Well, don’t expect an answer from me on that one. As to Miach’s predicament, unless someone has two million Ryals to spare, there is nothing for him to gain …who would…?’ He stopped and looked at Conn and shook his head. ‘You? You would buy Maich’s demesne?’

‘His and the Thanes’. I might be able to scrape together the Ryals if they are prepared to sell.’ Conn turned and looked at Maich. ‘Eaorl, my offer is three million Ryals. That will be enough to allow you settle all your debts, and the debts of all those accused with you, and allow you to start a new life in Rakia.’

He was shocked and confused. ‘Why would I need to pay the debts of others?’

‘You are solely responsible for the situation they find themselves in. I think that you should take responsibility.’

It was a hard point to argue but he tried. Conn however insisted; all or nothing. ‘An exile? Do I have to go to Rakia Can I not go to Gela?

‘I would assume that – given the seriousness of the crime – that if the Healdend accepted the wergild, the punishment would still include exile – as the others have received. You couldn’t expect to stay where you have not shown loyalty?’

It was a hard point to argue, and with no alternative except execution, he agreed. Conn agreed to pay all debtors and the two million to Ailbe and what was left over would be given to Miach in Ryals. With agreement achieved, Ailbe declared that he had ten days to leave Gatina, and Maich was summarily escorted from the hall. His fall from grace was complete.

He would find his arrival in Rakia less than welcoming; Ailbe had already severed all ties with Fallon – having sent him a letter of demand for payment of the wergild for the death of his brother – and accusing him for causing and facilitating the death of nearly a thousand Gatinans – and more seriously, lying to a fellow Healdend. All Rakian merchants had been given ten days to leave, and with their departure, Rakia was officially cut off from every demesne in Meshech. Maich would be blamed for the whole debacle.

As they watched the former Eaorl being escorted from the hall, Ailbe turned and looked at Conn.

‘I’m still confused – you could have paid much less to purchase the demesne after his execution. That was a waste of money…’

‘Perhaps, but because he is attained, wouldn’t the aspirant to be Eaorl have to be approved by the Witan?’

Ailbe considered while Devnet laughed. Finally he agreed. ‘I believe it would – as all heirs have to be approved.’ He suddenly realized the implication. ‘And this transaction doesn’t – you just need my approval! Thane, it troubles me that you know more of our laws than I do.’

‘Knowledge is power.’

‘So it seems. Anyway, this seemed to have worked out well for all of us – you get to be Eaorl and Thane of in Eriak, I get two million Ryals, and I don’t have to execute Maich. Miach of course doesn’t get to die from hanging. I wasn’t looking forward to it – I have known him my entire life.’

Conn changed the topic. ‘What have you decided about my requests?’

Ailbe looked back at Conn. ‘Your arguments are sound but just because it sounds good doesn’t always mean that it is a good idea. I know from personal experience. ’ He paused to look at Devnet.

Devnet nodded. ‘I agree father, but if this is a way to increate food production, it is better for all. More food means more taxes. More taxes means more money for us.’ He handed Conn a fresh mug of beer – a Lykian Bitter – and smiled. ‘And this Lykian beer is really expensive.’

Ailbe paused in contemplation, sipping his mug. ‘Let me get this right – we create two more levels of nobility – one called Lairds and the other called Barons –and they are ranked above Thanes but below Eaorls.’

Conn agreed.

Devnet continued for him. ‘And you would have us create you the first Baron of Gambi – and that barony will be divided up into fifty Laird demesnes?’

Conn nodded again.

Devnet looked back at his father. ‘Let’s give it a go – at least the “Baron” will be at the Witan to argue the case – since he is now the Eaorl of Eriak. The other Eaorls will be so confused, they’ll agree to anything.’

Eventually the Witan did pass the new laws and confirmed Conn’s new titles and the new structures within his demesne. Behind the decision making lay the unspoken understanding that all the Eaorls owed a considerable amount of money to the MFIC, that all had requested more money, and that the MFIC was supporting the changes.

The last acts of the Witan was Conn’s request to transfer from him to Eion il Himera the three Thane Fiefs in Eriak that he had acquired – and to create him the first Baron in Eriak – Baron Tissa. He also asked for dispensation that the youngest daughter of Miach, Ceolkilda, be exempted from exile as she would become bedda to Eion. Given what he knew of the predatory activities of Fallon and his advisors in Rakia, he was not going to send a very pretty, and now very poor, girl anywhere near them. It was a victory that he would savour all alone.



Leaving Fiona in charge of the new Barony of Gambi, Conn took Eion, Torunn and Granuaile with him to take control of his new Eaorldom. He had asked Eion to be Steward of Eriak – another new job title – and whilst it was mostly ceremonial given that Conn had arranged for a considerable amount of very well trained people to be sent from Lykia to help him, the money would allow him to develop his own demesne.

By midsummer five hundred tilia, craeftiga and bocere, along with several thousand sheep, goats and cows arrived from Lycia – having taken the direct route through Halani. Derryth loved to complain about how much he hated being a shepherd. He was sitting on his horse beside Conn, Devnet and Ailbe – who had both taken Conn’s suggestion to leave the town to have a break from the Folgere – as well as to see what was happening in the Eaorldom.

‘Derryth, are you going to keep complaining?’ Conn asked, shaking his head in mock annoyance. ‘At least you didn’t have to bring any chickens or pigs.’

He looked at Ailbe. ‘Healdend, let me tell you about the time, I carried five hundred chicken from Halani to Lycia – or the time we stole sheep in Silekia…’

‘We didn’t steal them – we borrowed them.’

‘All the ones we borrowed are dead – we just have their progeny left.’

‘Which are better than the ones we stole…’

‘Moot point, anyway…here I was….’

He complained all the way back, and only stopped when they showed the Healdend around the renovated town.

Ailbe shook his head in awe. ‘Poor Maich will be amazed to see what has happened to his demesne.’

Lots had happened; a new dock had just been finished and ships were being unloaded while others were waiting their turn. Piles of materials filled the new warehouses on the dock, and everything was going in rebuilding the demesne. Dozens of new buildings had been constructed; included stables and barracks.

It didn’t go unnoticed by the Aebeling. ‘How many wiga do you have space for?’

‘Five hundred here and two hundred more in the Tissa in the north.’

‘You surely don’t propose to keep that many…that could become an issue?’

‘No – just a hundred – I have sent them to Lykia to be trained. I have a Silekian company here until they return.’

‘Are we in danger of being invaded by our neighbour…?’Ailbe asked.

‘Not yet – but they don’t know I’m here yet…’ Conn had a wiga run and whispered in his ear. ‘We should return to the donjon – we have a special guest for dinner very soon.’

Devnet was offended. ‘Oh – and here I was thinking that we were the special guests. Still if you have curry, I won’t mind playing second fiddle. What about some of those reds from Atrak?’

Conn assured him that everything he liked was on the menu.

‘Great – anyway – who is the special guest?’

‘Fionn, the Eaorl of Hera…’

Ailbe stopped walking. ‘The Eaorl of a Rakian demesne is coming here for dinner. How is he not going to get killed for treason?’

‘It’s a long story…’

Derryth smiled. ‘But it is a good long story… the only negative is that it doesn’t feature me.’

Conn agreed. ‘Or me – I had to send Wilga.’



As they waited inside the renovated donjon, Derryth had his usual effect on Priecuman when Granuaile fainted after being introduced to him.

Torunn blamed Granuaile’s pregnancy as they carried the girl to a bed to lie down.

Derryth looked at Conn. ‘Yours?’ Conn nodded, and Derryth shook his head. ‘How are we supposed to keep track of all your children if they keep popping up all over the place? Impossible task.’

They were sitting and drinking Lykian Bitter. Devnet looked at Derryth curiously. ‘How many are there?’

The Twacuman thought for a moment before answering. ‘These two will make twenty five.’

They were both shocked but not excessively so. ‘My grandfather had twelve. Still it took him twenty years. The only annoying thing about that is that I have a whole raft of cousins who now want to become Barons.’

Servants were serving dinner as the Eaorl of Hera was ushered into the donjon with Wilga. He greeted Derryth, Ailbe and Devnet respectfully, gave Conn a hug, and asked for a beer.

‘And none of that Gatinan swill either.’ He bowed respectfully to the Healdend. ‘No offense meant…’

Devnet laughed – his hand around a large mug of Lykian Bitter – his third. ‘None taken – I only drink Lykian Bitter these days – though I’m quite partial to the Troakian Lager – and the Moesian Draft is also quite good.’

‘You are kidding me!’ He looked around at Conn. ‘Where is the justice in this world – I have to drink swill and others get to drink three different beers.’

He settled and drunk his first mug in one go; he looked around the room as he waited for the second.

‘Big improvement on Miach’s dump. Thane – sorry, Eaorl; I see you have made your usual improvements.’

Fionn had met both Ailbe and Devnet before – but not on a social level. They were surprised at how well he knew Conn.

‘It’s a story…’

‘Long or short…. I don’t want to run out of beer…’

It took an hour of storytelling, eating and drinking before they got onto the serious business. Conn asked about Miach.

‘Alric was not happy of course – and then refused to make him an Eaorl – but finally made him a Thane in Akarah. We have a few to spare. Compared to what he has now, what he had here was luxury.’

Conn toasted Fionn. ‘And you are an Eaorl now ….’

‘Thanks to you, the Gatinans and the Trokians. I heard my brother Beohart led an attack on the walls of Trokiak – which I presumed would have been reinforced with Lykian archers?’ Conn nodded in response. ‘I suspected as much… Trokian archers couldn’t hit a barn wall with their eyes open – but I did suggest that he should be cautious about such things but he didn’t listen to me. He had only daughters – six of them – so the position became vacant and they gave it to me. I’m now just trying to keep out of the way – I visit Rakiak only when demanded. I have a good excuse – I’ve been very frail since my return from Lykia – tortured, and starved as I was – for over a year – and I’m still recovering. Some wounds run deep.’

‘I’m glad to be of assistance…’

‘I’m also a little batty – I keep building things – roads mainly, and they are happy to leave me be. Anyway, Alric is a bit distracted at the moment – he was very upset that his cousin Fainche was killed – but I suspect she isn’t…’ He looked at Conn for confirmation. Conn helpfully shrugged. ‘And of course with Maich turning up, Fallon is on the warpath – he thinks that he has traitors in his midst as well. Someone is spreading rumours.’

‘It’s good that they are working…’

‘You again! Some of Fallon’s closest advisors even met untimely ends.’

Conn smiled. ‘A hornet’s nest can easily be upset…’

Fionn interested his response. ‘Oh – I heard a rumour about there being a huge reward that was promised for the capture of any of your daughters.’

They were all shocked. Priecuman did not bring children into wars, and Ailbe said so. Children were seen as gifts of the Gyden – because the Gyden seemed to have control over fertility.

Fionn shook his head. ‘Not Fallon or Alric… the reward has been offered by their special advisors.’

Conn took a deep breath. ‘Ancuman. It was only a question of time.’

Fionn continued. ‘Anyway, it is a lot of fun in Rakia these days – especially after Gatina severed ties and trade links.’ He nodded respectfully to the Healdend. ‘Life is tough. Food is in short supply – you don’t happen to have any spare do you?’ The question was asked of Conn.

Conn smiled. ‘Well, there is a rumour that there is some serious smuggling of supplies passing over the border north of here – somewhere in the demesne of the Baron of Tissa. You might want to investigate should you wish to prevent it crossing into Hera.

‘I’ll look into it. We wouldn’t want it falling into the wrong hands.’

Fionn left at early light and was taken back to the cave over the border where he and his men had been bound and gagged. With Fionn back in their midst after being taken away for “special treatment”, the bandits only just got away before a rescue party from Hera arrived; they scurried across the border into Gatina and Fionn’s men were unable to follow. Fionn later sent an official complaint letter via his Healdend and demanded that the Healdend hunt down and punish the brigands.

Fionn continued to enjoy poor health for some time after that as well. He also started to make a serious money selling food smuggled from Gatina. It was such a lucrative business that by the time the goods passed through several middlemen, any connection to him was lost.

With Eion, and a hundred Lykians, in charge of Eriak (and Tissa), Conn returned to Gambi with Ailbe while Devnet returned to Gatinak. They were both there when Fiona safely delivered her second set of twins. Happy in her new home, and more than happy not to have Conn back in her bed, he took Granuaile and Torunn and joined Njil on his voyage back to Kadash.

Njil had just arrived with a full cargo of food and a squad of Valkeri who would be nursemaids to Conn’s children from this moment on. The Ancuman would not be kidnapping any of his daughters.

They were sitting for dinner in the hall, and Fiona asked him how Allowena had taken his decision. He immediately appeared miffed.

‘Well, I had it sorted – I was going to refuse Eoryssa as a bedda, but a day after I returned to Kadash, Jofrid calls me to see her and tells me that the Eaorldom’s name has been formally changed to Kadash, and a new Barony of Kuita had been created, and that she has decided that she is going to grant me the position of Baron of Kuita as reward for my service! I didn’t even know what a Baron is – but suddenly I was one.’

‘Congratulations. What is the problem?’

‘I’m blaming the Eaorl’ He pointed to Conn. ‘I have been undermined, I could no longer refuse to accept Eoryssa – as Baron I have all this land and I even have a comfortable stone donjon. Allowena was happy, Eoryssa was happy, the Eaorl of Menia was happy – all my plans came unstuck… and it’s his fault.’ He pointed to Conn again.

Conn chimed in. ‘Did you really think that you were going to say no to Allowena?’

He seemed sure. ‘I was – I was going to blame you – and say that you forbade it because I didn’t have an appropriate position… given that she is an Eaorl’s daughter.’

‘The Eaorl of Menia could have done that… anyway it’s a good thing you didn’t do that…’

‘Why?’

‘She’d have gone over my head and spoken to Caewyn. Trust me, you don’t want that. No one says no to Caewyn.’



They arrived in Cyme by early spring – it had been a fairly slow trip home. They first had to drop in and see how work was progressing in Oxmon. Conn had commissioned his engineers and stonemasons to create the first star-fort in Meshech. Conn stayed several weeks to finalize the designs before proceeding to Trokia. Oxmon would take twenty years to complete, but it would be impenetrable by any known artillery at that time. Oxmon had an incredibly large amount of stone and the Lykian stonemasons who had recently arrived to start work were already making good headway. Construction soaked up all unemployment in the western part of Gatina, and employment income developed retail demand for goods that his merchants sold in the existing harbors in Mazra. Another win-win situation. The Eaorl of Mazra was also happy as his town and income doubled in a very short time.

The trip from Oxmon was fine sailing despite the lateness of the year; and Conn enjoyed the opportunity to hoist the sails and wind the ropes under Njil. Back in Trokia, Conn met Aisly’s latest child – another daughter. The elder pair were now two; black haired, blue eyed and beautiful, they appeared to be running roughshod over the donjon – but at least they had a squad of Valkeri to keep them under guard.

Aisly was not so convinced she needed them.

Conn agreed. ‘I’m not convinced either – but there are more and more people travelling from one demesne to another, and it is harder to tell friend from foe. As they say, prevention is better than the cure.’

Conn told the Wealdend of all his activities in Gatina and how he had proven, as he as expected, that Rakians were behind the war and the Gatinans had been duped. He mentioned his new Eaorldom and bedda. She was no longer surprised at his achievements.

‘The Healdend will be happy to see the last of you. So your next task is the Cirice of Inanna. I presume that is easy – you just need to go to Silekia.’

‘Were it that simple. It is not in Silekia. I have a communication from the Wealdend. It seems that the first place the Sythans landed was not in Silekia – it was in fact in a place now called Ilissus.’

Aisly looked at him strangely. ‘My ancestor was from Ilissus – she was actually a Folgere who was captured by pirates. Isn’t that a coincidence… and Ilissus is in Rakian held territory isn’t it – the Eaorl of Soloes?’

‘It is – and the Rakians know that – they have it under guard. Makes it harder than it should be. Oh, and you are not the only one connected to Ilissus –it is the ancestral home of all my bedda.’

‘Even Granuaile? A girl that you rescued from Ancuman in the middle of the ocean is from the same house as me? That is almost impossible to believe!’

‘Impossible but true. I had it checked.’

‘Did you ask the Wealdend of Silekia about the heart-stone? Does she know you have it?’

‘I did – and she doesn’t know because I haven’t told her. She still thinks that it is in Silekia somewhere – she is looking for it. It was moved from the original Cirice and kept for safekeeping on Inanna’s instructions.’

“And someone stole it from Silekia and took it to Piada.’

‘I don’t know how yet. Speaking of Cirice, do you have one here yet?’

‘We do – it has ten Folgere.’

‘How are you finding them?’

‘Insatiable. Their lust knows no bounds. I am thankful that I am female and not male – a male without self-control could be dead from exhaustion by now.’

‘Consider poor Ailbe and Devnet…’

Conn had yet to fully understand the purpose of the Gyden – curious also was their desire for carnal pleasure – which they couldn’t experience firsthand anymore but they could through the bodies of their Folgere to whom the worshippers made their devotions. Despite sexual pleasure, Conn was unsure what the worshippers were getting in return. Nearly every question he asked was not answered.

‘And from here you go to Kadash for the winter?’

‘Yes, and then Cyme in spring.’ Conn explained that he had kidnapped the cousin of Rakia’s Healdend because she was a spy.

‘Kidnapped? You kidnapped her and took her to Cyme where she has been a prisoner for almost two years. How are you going to talk your way out of that one?’

‘All is fair in love and war …besides, what is Rakia going to do? It they declared war on me, it would solve all my problems.’



From Trokia, Conn travelled to Kadash to spend the winter. There was little to be gained by travelling to Cyme before spring. Jofrid was pleased to see him and `she was settling into her new job as Reeve. Soon after they arrived, Granuaile had her babies, which was another reason not to travel. Jofrid, was not as pleased when he did leave as she was pregnant again. Conn was sure it was her fault – after all she did invite him into her rooms – at night – and was naked at the time. It would have been impolite to refuse.

In the keep, Conn had felt Lilith fill his mind; she seemed pleased with his actions in Gatina – she felt the return of her sister. He admonished her for not telling him about the other Gyden or the Ancuman.

‘I know of no others and it is not for us to tell – if you don’t know the answer, then you didn’t ask the right question…’

‘Why then did it try to kill me’, Conn reminded her.

‘If that is true, I have no answer – but that is most unusual – self-preservation is not something that is of concern... and time is of no consequence ... what does it matter if it is one of your lifetimes or a hundred?’

By the time he had arrived in Cyme, Torunn had determined that she was also pregnant; despite being in the home of her Gyden, it hadn’t protected her –Lilith must have decided that Torunn was not to accompany Conn on his next adventure. Conn assumed that Halla would not be impressed. She wasn’t.





Chapter 15


‘No more – if I send any more of my Valkeri with you, the entire island will have you as the father of their children. We need to keep our fathers varied – so you are on your own. Derryth with have to look after you. Where is he anyway?

‘He is in Halani. I’m meeting him in Atrak next spring.’

‘What are you going to do there?’

‘Not sure yet.’

They had docked in Cyme earlier that morning; it was early spring and Conn had Njil drop him off on his way to Menia with a cargo of shipbuilding timber from Kadash. He was to return to collect Conn in a few weeks.

As he walked from the dock to the donjon, Conn noticed all the changes that Halla had introduced to Cyme; she had dramatically reinforced the defences of the castle, and it was now as impregnable a stone fortress on top of a mountain as could be found. The island had lots of stone so all that had to be done was cut and carry – and the new masonry skills meant that the Valkeri looked even stronger – working with stone was physical work. They were also lusty – they made all sort of rude suggestions as he walked up to the donjon. He almost felt insulted that he could be treated purely as an object of sexual gratification, and he was going to stop and remonstrate with them but he had Torunn and Granuaile with him so he thought it inappropriate.

As he entered the renovated hall, he saw three blue eyed children waiting with their mother; Ewan was one year old, while Tulia and Sigrid were just two. Halla welcomed him with a hug and a kiss, and then handed him Ewan.

‘You have no idea how much extra work a boy child is. He gets into everything. We are constantly looking for him. It is no wonder we gave up having them a hundred years ago.’

It was after this that he introduced Granuaile and mentioned Torunn’s predicament, that he was reprimanded by Halla. After she calmed down, she mentioned Fainche.

‘Shall I send for her? She is in the library – she does indeed have a devotion to scholarly works, and she is very fond of your codex.’

‘Let’s. I’m looking forward to this…’

It didn’t take long for the tall elegant woman to arrive; obviously Ratakian with Ancuman ancestry as her skin was quite tanned, she was dressed in all black – modest despite the form fitting bustier. She had a very disdainful look on her face – and she brought with her the Ancuman Gyden as Conn felt her maleficence at the edge of his mind. Strangely the Gyden with Fainche was nothing like the one with Alric and the others – “it” was here but “it” didn’t see with Fainche’s eyes, or feel her thoughts. Conn could only assume she didn’t know she carried the Ancuman Gyden with her.

Halla introduced Conn to her as she arrived.

She bowed to Halla and then addressed Conn. ‘So you are the one that is responsible for my kidnapping and imprisonment!’

‘Indeed I am – I trust you haven’t been mistreated?’

Fainche hadn’t expected such a blunt response. ‘Umm, no, I have not been mistreated – in fact I have been treated extremely well – but then I have known cousin Halla since she was a small girl. But I was still illegally kidnapped and I have been held against my will for almost two years. It is an injustice and you will be brought to account…’

Conn was curious. ‘Really? By who exactly?’ When she paused, unable to answer he continued. ‘Seriously, who is going to attempt to charge me for the offense? If you go to Ailbe and ask for his assistance, he will simply charge you with treason. If you go to Fallon, he will probably put you in prison as well. He thinks you are dead and that you are the cause of all the problems he is having at the moment. If you turn up alive, he will be convinced, and you will have a lot to answer for.’

Fainche was dumbstruck by the accusations. She sat down, and Conn observed her fiddling with a black gem on the necklace around her neck. It seemed to give her comfort. ‘I do not understand what you are saying.’

‘Let me explain then.’ Conn then proceeded to tell her every event and trial that led to the expulsion of Miach and all Rakians from Gatina. ‘So, you will understand why you might not be welcome in Gatina.’

She was angry. ‘It was all your fault – if you had not interfered. Everything would have gone to plan.’

‘No, it’s Alric’s fault. He knew after his time in Moetia that there was a probability I would intervene – but he chose to ignore the warning. And it is the fault of the Ancuman friends that Alric likes to keep.’

She said nothing for a while. “I don’t know of what you speak.’

‘I had a little run in with a couple of his friends recently – a tall and beautiful woman, obviously a Folctoga; she had a young man at her side. They were very skilled.’

She responded involuntarily. ‘Fara and Anup….’ She looked at him strangely. ‘How would you come into contact with them – they don’t leave Rakiak.’ She stopped quickly, realizing she was giving stuff away.

‘Oh, I went to them. I visited an ancient site in Mylae to retrieve something left behind… they asked me not so nicely not to.’

‘People tend to do what she says. I bet she’s disappointed that you got away alive – I certainly am.’ She was smiling until she saw Conn shaking his head sadly. ‘You didn’t… you couldn’t have… that’s not possible. I bet it wasn’t in a man to man contest – you killed her like a coward didn’t you.’ She was visibly upset.

‘I hate to disappoint you – and I don’t mean to boast – but it was two against one and I was the one.’ As she almost burst into tears Conn almost felt guilty making her upset; but he got over it.

She regained her composure. ‘So what happens to me now?’

‘You can leave whenever you want. Nothing I can do to you is going to be worse that what will happen to you in Rakia. As for how you get there – that is a little bit more problematic. Rakia is now cut off from all other demesne in Meshech.’

‘So I’m still a prisoner….’

‘Think it of being in exile – here at least you are safe.’

Disappointed, she stood to leave. She then turned around and faced Conn. ‘So how did Ailbe find out?’

‘Your report – the one in your trunk. We found and decoded it, and I gave it to Ailbe. He asked a few question, and soon everyone was very eager to give up others so that they could save their own hides.’

‘What you say is impossible. There is no way you could open the trunk… ’

‘I’m happy to demonstrate if you don’t believe me.

She ignored the offer. ‘And why did you kidnap me? No-one knew me for what I was ….?’

Conn answered truthfully. ‘Never assume that what you think to be the truth is actually the truth. A fatal mistake. I have my sources. As for the kidnapping, you would have gone back to Rakia knowing about the Ancuman ship that I had captured – I didn’t want you telling Alric about it.’

‘But the ship I was travelling on – the Captain knew as well…’

‘His ship had a little accident – it took him and his crew some months to get home – by which time, the ship was no longer news of the day. I think you know that you knew a lot of other information as well. Alric, came looking for you in Gatina, you know, after you disappeared. It was him that mentioned the trunk. He was obviously concerned about you, which of course intrigues me. What do you know?’

Fainche looked at Conn with distain. ‘Nothing that I’m going to tell you, Eaorl.’ With that she turned on her heels and went to walk out of the hall. She stopped again.

‘Did Fara die well?

‘As well as dying can be done well, I guess. It wasn’t gruesome. She died like a wiga.’

She wiped tears from her eyes. ‘Why were you there – you said you went to collect something, Eaorl; you certainly risked a lot to get it.’

‘Tabiti’s heart-stone.’

She scoffed. ‘I thought you were lying before – now I know you are. I was told that … stone … is hidden forever.’

‘Someone is telling you tales, Fainche; did I not mention that the Cirice has been restored. There are Folgere back in Gatina.’

She shouted at him now. ‘You LIE, Eaorl – no one can enter the Cirice at Gatina – it is cursed.’

‘Well, it was.’ He shrugged. ‘I guess you could say that I un-cursed it. Remember what I said about the truth.’

In an example of childish frustration, she harrumphed and stormed out of the room.

Conn looked at Halla. ‘I bet she’s been fun to have around.

Halla shrugged. ‘It has not been all bad. I have known her a long time -- she took me under her wing when I was first in Rakia – and she taught me lots of things.’ She smiled deviously, ‘If you come to my room tonight, I might show you one of two of them. But this time I am the master and she is the servant. Do you intend to leave her here?’

‘I don’t know where else she can go…. did she give you the necklace? The one with the black stone that I … destroyed.’

Her hand went involuntarily to her chest. There was no necklace anymore – just large breasts. ‘She did… it was a special gift when I left to come back here. How did you know?’

‘It is a haligdom – they have to be accepted with love or they don’t work – it couldn’t have been a random gift.’



Conn spent a week in Cyme before his planned return to Kadash. Njil was returning from Moesiak and was to collect him. He took the time to play with his children or wander the harbor village, and be impressed with how much things had changed. As he wandered around the harbor, he found himself in front of a small shop; not one that he had seen before – it used to be a bakery but didn’t seem to be selling anything anymore. He entered.

There was an old lady sitting on a stool, spinning wool; which was curious in itself.

‘Can I help you, Eaorl?’

Conn was no longer surprised when people recognized him. He was pretty ‘famous’ after all.

‘No … just curious as I hadn’t seen this old shop before. Goodbye then.’ As he started to leave, she spoke again.

‘I hear that you are leaving for Kadash soon.’

Surprised, Conn turned. No-one should know his travel plans. ‘I am thinking of doing that.’

‘Well, I did hear that the weather is getting bad. It may be wise to go east instead – perhaps Moetia?’

The weather had been excellent and although it was early spring, the seas had been fine so it seemed implausible that this would be the case, but Conn thought it imprudent to argue.

‘Thank you for the advice. I will keep it in mind.’

Conn returned to the donjon to prepare to depart. And whilst he hadn’t forgotten the advice, it wasn’t on top of his mind either. Nevertheless, when Njil arrived to collect them, things had not proceeded as expected. It took Njil longer to load and unload the cargo than expected, and there was also another change of plan – Granuaile had requested to stay in Cyme – ostensibly to finish her training with Torunn, but Conn had already determined that she was more in love with Torunn than him anyway. Granuaile had given birth – twin girls as expected – in Kadash, and had moved with him to Cyme without complaint – but now with Torunn also pregnant … maybe next time…pretty please.

Conn agreed; she had asked very nicely, and the babies were always going to be safest in Cyme than anywhere else anyway. Fainche, on the other hand, had requested to travel with him. Conn was surprised but he agreed under one condition. He hadn’t said even said what it was before she responded.

‘I do not fornicate with men…’

‘Nothing so base – no, the necklace you are wearing.’ She reached involuntary to where it dangled between her breasts. ‘You have to give that to me.’

‘NO – never! I will never part with this – it was given to me by my grandmother…’

‘Was she Ancuman?’

She paused before answering. ‘She was – what difference does that make?’

‘The Ancuman Gyden – she is in the haligdoms – I will not have her listening to me. I will return it when you wish to leave – but if you are travelling with me, you can’t wear it…’

She stormed off as was her want.



Days later, as they were about to depart, Fainche turned up at the docks with her luggage.

‘Fainche; I’m surprised to see you.’ Conn addressed her from the deck. ‘Do you agree to my condition?’

‘I have no choice if I am to leave this island.’

Conn walked down the deck and met her at the stairs. ‘I’ll swap you.’ He picked out a necklace with a red stone at the end. It was in his pouch. Synne had given it to him in appreciation – with all the younger Folgere around to satisfy his every need, she had been thrilled when Conn had spent a night with her. He handed it over. ‘This belongs to the Gyden of the Rakians.’

‘She is not a true Gyden. And she has been cast out. And you might say that the Cirice has been restored but I don’t believe you.’

Conn ignored the comment. ‘Maybe – anyway – since you are used to wearing a necklace – this will stop you from feeling like you have lost something.’

After a few moments, she agreed and with extreme reluctance, she removed the black stone and, luckily for her, almost simultaneously replaced it with the red stone. With Tabiti’s help, only Conn heard the scream of frustration from the Ancuman Gyden as it realized what had happened. Fainche was only slightly wheezy – but she probably assumed that that was her sea legs. Like any drug addict in withdrawal, Fainche would need help withdrawing from her Gyden – and Conn hoped that Tabiti would be there to help Fainche detox without even knowing she was detoxing.

It was perhaps the most devious thing Conn had ever done. He almost felt like reprimanding himself.

With Fainche on board and with her luggage below, Conn watched as Njil skilfully manoeuvred the large vessel out into the open sea. They were to head NNE for several hours before turning south. Conn joined the captain on the bridge.

Together they looked at the skies – the weather was suddenly not looking good.’

‘I don’t understand – there were no clouds in the south before. We had a clear day…’

The intended course was Kadash on the southerly bearing

‘If that is as bad as it looks, we should have stayed an extra day. It is a very strange storm.’

Conn shook his head, remembering. ‘Njil, I hate old people.’

‘So do I, but what has that got to do with the storm?’

Conn told him of his conversation with the old lady in the village.

‘So where do we head?’

‘Keep on this bearing and set course for Moetia. I don’t know why but let’s do it anyway. Old people are driving me crazy…’

Njil gave the orders and the ship hoisted more cloth and almost immediately picked up speed for its new destination.

Some hours later, as Conn stood at the bow, Fainche came to see him.

‘I understand that we haven’t changed direction. So if we are not going to Kadash, where are we going?’

‘Moetiak I think.’

‘You think? I thought you were in charge.’

‘Not always – it seems that Badb wants me to do something for her.’

‘Badb – the Moetian Gyden?’ She thought for a while before asking. ‘I did not know that you followed the instructions of Gyden?’

‘I don’t think I do – but what do I know. Do you follow the instructions of Gyden?’

She ignored him. ‘Halla said that the Gyden Lilith herself restored her bands – because you asked her too. I don’t believe it of course – I think that you did something to fool them all.’

Conn laughed. ‘Believe what you want. I don’t believe much of what happens either. When things are both implausible and improbable, it is time to look for a new explanation; as an old friend of mine once told me.’

She stood for a while before asking – a question Conn did not expect. ‘And it is true about the Cirice at Gatina? That the heart-stone has been restored?’

‘Indeed. And your cousin Synne is the head Folgere.’

‘Synne! I thought she was dead… she should have died years ago…’

‘She even gave me the necklace that you are wearing.’

‘This?’ She took it off immediately, and made as if to throw it over the side of the ship. It didn’t leave her hand, though it shook as if she was suddenly shivering. She finally placed it back around her neck. She looked back at him. ‘You are ruining everything. I don’t understand why. You are not Twacuman or Priecuman – you are nothing!’

‘Well, nothing is a bit strong. And there is only one reason – because it has to be done – the same justification you used to betray your cousins in Gatina.’

Conn could see the anger and frustration in her face and she was silent for some time as they felt the schooner racing through the waves. With the winds behind them, it was possibly the fastest that it had ever gone. Even Fainche was in awe.

‘This is a magnificent ship.’ She couldn’t leave it there. ‘But just because you have the best ships doesn’t mean you will win – we will triumph in the end.’ With that she turned and walked away, returning to her cabin. Njil had joined them and watched her leave.

‘Best ships, best weapons, best men…oh, I don’t know, I think we stand a fair chance.’ he said to the departing figure. ‘Eaorl, with this wind, we will be there in about seven days.’

‘Travel as fast as you can – this wind is here for a reason.’



A couple of days into the voyage, Fainche decided to talk to him again. He thought it was because he was bare chested, despite the cold winds, doing his daily tai chi on the deck. Their conversations were fairly truncated events.

She started with. ‘So Fara is actually dead.’

‘Yes, she is – she is buried in Mylae. We buried all of them.’

‘ALL of them.’

‘The whole warband that was sent to stop me taking Tabiti’s heart-stone is dead – all twenty of them.’

‘Now you are trying to tell me that you and a single Valkeri took down an entire squad of Ancuman wiga. Just when I start to believe you, you go and ruin it.’

‘Oh, I had some help. I had a few Twacuman wiga with me.’

She laughed out aloud. ‘Twacuman are NOT going to go into Rakia and kill Ancuman for any…’ She stopped when Conn leant forward and showed her his medallion. He wore two medallions – one was the pentacle design of his mother’s. It sometimes hid the medallion given to him by Caewyn.

‘You haven’t noticed this?

She went white. ‘Feorhhyrde – you can NOT be the Feorhhyrde!’ She sat on the bench and held her head in her hands. ‘This is NOT happening to me…’

‘Well, I don’t know what you think IS happening to you, Fainche, but just think what stories you will have to tell when you get back. It is not anything new to the Ancuman, however, they already know. I think they said pretty much the same thing.’

Fainche turned, tears in her eyes and stomped down the stairs, back to her room. It would be days before she spoke to Conn again.

The Schooner was making good speed towards Moetiak, but as they got closer to turning south into the Moetian Bay, the weather was again a problem. For some reason, Conn was not surprised.

‘What is the closest deep harbor?’ Conn had deep harbours constructed all over and some were complete and some not.

‘Batra is complete. I’ve even been there – three weeks ago.’

‘Good, head there. I suspect we are not to enter Moetiak via the harbor.’

Batra was a good option; Arlen’s brother Aghy was now the Eaorl and he had a very good relationship with him. It was another two days before they arrived in the town.

On the last night at sea, Conn was in his cabin and someone knocked on his door.

‘Come in.’

It was Fainche and she wasn’t nearly as formally dressed as usual. She was wearing a light shift and coat that showed her mature and well developed body, even in the faint light. She didn’t look well; she was hot and flustered.

‘Fainche. How can I help you?’

‘Remember I said that I don’t fornicate with men…’ She came into the room and closed the door. Luckily Conn had the largest cabin on the vessel.

‘I do – I remember thinking what a shame…’

She smiled – it wasn’t something she normally did. ‘Well, I have fornicated only twice before – when I was sixteen. I was … initiated … by a Folgere... and then by… another...’

‘A male Folgere? Since when have there been male Folgere in Meshech…?’

‘He wasn’t Priecuman.’

‘Oh. So the Ancuman have male Folgere. That I didn’t know.’

‘Anyway, I have never desired to fornicate with a male since. For one thing it was not a pleasant experience. However, since I have been on this boat that has changed … I cannot understand why…’

Conn could. The red gemstone dangling over her breasts and Tabiti was having an impact. She continued.

‘I have been fighting the desire. But it is no longer a desire – I now have a desperate need to fornicate with a male – just once. I know I have been somewhat rude to you over these last weeks and it is a lot to ask but I couldn’t ask any of the others…’ She pulled off her shift and sat naked on the bed.

Conn was conciliatory. ‘Well, I’m not one to hold grudges.’

~x192~





Chapter 16


Aghy was surprised on three accounts; to see Njil again so soon, more so to see Conn after so long, and extremely surprised to have the niece of the Healdend of Rakian in his village. He stood beside Conn on the new docks as everyone disembarked. Conn had brought him up to date, and requested horses to carry them to Moesiak.

‘And I need five wiga to ride with me. I’m not sure how many are available in Moesiak.’

‘Of course.’

Aghy sent his Folctoga out to organize riders and horses and for them to be ready to leave at first light. They walked to the donjon. Aghy was confused.

‘I have heard nothing from Moetiak to suggest that there is a problem. Do you have any idea what is going on?’’

‘None, but I do have a bad feeling about all this – and the weather was weird.’

As they walked, Conn commented on the extensive improvements to his once very modest demesne.

‘After I’d heard about what had been done in Susa by your craeftiga, I went myself to investigate – and then Njil kindly took my Reeve with him to Atrak to learn more. He was very impressed that I asked Njil to take me next time. We have been working hard ever since. ’

Inside the hall, Fainche was even so impressed that she commented.

‘It would seem that an Eaorl in Moetia is richer that even the Healdend of Rakia – such is your luxury. I was impressed with Cyme but yours is in some ways superior.’

‘Probably because this is a new building; thanks to the Baron…’

Fainche interrupted ‘Baron? What is a Baron?’

Aghy explained. ‘A Baron ranks lower than an Eoarl but is above a Thane. It is a new creation in Moesia. We only have one so far.’

‘But they are now in Troakia and Gatina as well – I am the Baron Barek in Moetia, Baron Gambi in Gatina, and the Barons Ushu and Hebal in Trokia.

She looked at Conn. ‘I have never heard of such a thing – I presume that this is your doing?’

He nodded and she shook her head again in frustration. Despite their one night of lust, there was still a big divide between them.

Aghy had food and drink brought out, and they ate as they talked. Conn explained what had been happening in Gatina and Trokia. After dinner, Aghy asked, ‘So is there anything else you need me to do?’

‘Yes; please send a message to Susa and ask Aerlene to send a full company of Silekian wiga to Moetiak? Wilga should be there by now.’

‘Of course.’

Fainche had been quiet for a long time, but she could no longer hold back. Her curiosity got the better of her.

She addressed Aghy, ‘Eaorl, with due respect, why do you do as he’, she pointed to Conn, ‘asks? He is not even Moetian? And even if he holds title in Moesia, it is lesser – the Baron thingy.’

Conn interjected. ‘Baron of Barek to be precise.’

Argy smiled as he answered. ‘Possibly hard for you to understand, Fainche, and it is a long story, but the short version is that he made my brother an Eaorl, and removed a curse from my house that made us all ill. Also, things seem to turn out better if you do what he says and a lot worse if you don’t. Just ask the Healdend of Kania – an example of someone who didn’t do as Conn asked.’

Fainche was stunned. ‘Why – what happened to Gorman?’

Conn had been unsure if news of Gorman’s demise had made it back to Rakia, and this indicated that it hadn’t. Arlen had informed him that the ransom request had not been well received – the response from Rakia was “they have failed – feel free to execute them”. Consequently, Arlen now had all the Rakians working for him; they were ultimately grateful to have a home, having been rejected by their Healdend.

Only a few had been ransomed home – those with particularly strong connections to the former Healdend and Eaorl of Dor – which is why Conn made the ransom demand for the Rakian prisoners in Trokia a single lot. All or nothing. It must have seriously upset Fallon and Alric. Conn didn’t want to be left with five hundred prisoners.

Argy answered for him. ‘Gorman died – Esras is now Aebeling of Kania.’

Conn shrugged; ‘I asked nicely.’

By the time they retired to their rooms in the new Inn – one of Conn’s design with bedrooms, stuffed mattresses, and bath and waste water systems – it was late and they had consumed a lot of Lykian wine. Conn finished his bath, and was dressed only in the cotton yukata that had been provided for his use, when he answered the knock on the door. It was Fainche. She was wearing only her yukata and it appeared to be a size too small. She was also still wet from her bath and the yukata clung to every curve of her excellent body.

‘You know I hate you.’

‘I do.’

‘Well, despite that, I feel I need to fornicate with you again.’

‘Perhaps you should come in then.’

Fainche said, ‘Thank you’, and walked into the room, shedding her yukata as she entered. She was all business.

~x195~



It was early morning when Conn and his entourage said their farewells to Argy and left Batra at the trot. The following days were cooler than usual and overcast, with showers it allowed them to travel quickly. They rode late into the night each day, exchanging their horses at the liveries along the way, and left early every morning. Sadly the Inns were not up to the “Hilton” standard, so Fainche had to resort to asking Conn to go for a walk with her to search out some corner of the village that they could fornicate away from prying eyes. Her needs seemed undiminished.

After four days they arrived within sight of Moesiak, and Conn decided to make his way inside unannounced. The guards at the gate house were veterans from the Trokian War who still wore their medals proudly – and they agreed not to tell anyone until the morning. ‘Luckily’, it also decided to rain a slow miserable drizzle as they arrived, and they were safely entrenched into the “Boar’s Head” without being noticed.

At the livery, Conn ordered extra horses to be made ready for immediate departure and hurried into the attached Inn. There he arranged for five of his private security detail to get ready to leave, and sent a boy to raise Finghin from his slumber. As they waited for Finghin, they changed into dry clothes and sat down to eat. Conn was in range of the Cirice now and he opened his mind to Badb, who was strangely uncommunicative – but concerned about something. Gyden were sometime extremely unhelpful.

Finghin arrived as soon as he could; the stableboy had handed him a Lykian gold Ryal as a clue. Conn was sitting in the back private room eating when he arrived. He expressed his surprise.

‘Thane – or should I say Eoarl, what are you doing here? Why have you come unannounced?’

‘I’m not sure yet – how are things in the donjon?’

‘Fine as far as I know – though Driscol has taken to his bed – not a day ago.’

‘You haven’t seen him?’

‘No – only his medics – and I understand they don’t know what is wrong with him but I hear he is feeling better today – he has a new medic.’

Always suspicious of change, Conn asked if he knew anything about the Medic.

‘I though he was one of yours. I heard he had been trained in Gatinak…’

‘Not one of mine. And Alduni?’

‘He is with Bran – they have gone to Farah – Alduni’s uncle, the Eaorl Penda died last week – his horse fell on him. He was only thirty six. Bran and Alduni have gone to pay their respects.’

‘Let me get this right – Driscoll is seeing anew Medic who is Gatinan, and days from death, while Bran and Alduni are away – and travelling together back from Farah. How many men does he have with him?’

‘The usual – about twenty.’

‘Did he take any Valkeri with him?’ Because of Ana, Conn had arranged for squads of Valkeri to move to Moesiak – as well as Susa.

‘No, he said he didn’t need them.’

‘I wonder why. Anyway, somehow I don’t think it’s going to be enough.’

He stood to leave. He instructed the four wiga who were waiting to get the horses.

‘Finghin; do what you have to do to find Ana – tell her that Driscol has been poisoned and that the Medic is an imposter and there will be an assassination attempt on him – sometimes soon. Get her to tell the Valkeri. They will believe her.’

As Conn headed outside to his horses, he noticed that Fainche was waiting for him on horseback.

‘Are you sure?’ he asked her. ‘You are welcome to stay.’

‘I think I’ll go for the ride’ was all she said.

‘It will not be a sightseeing tour – at worst it will be a complete waste of time.’

She shrugged. ‘Be that as it may…’

Waiting for Conn was one of his black gelding; young, he was a third generation horse, and although not perfect, he still two hands taller than everything else there. The Chief Groom explained that he had been left by Aerlene a week previously; he had gone lame but he was fine now. Conn was very grateful, and minutes later they passed through the main gate. Conn stopped to ask the guards if anyone unusual had left recently.

‘No one unusual; mostly Moesians, some Lykians, some Trokians, and a couple of Gatinans.’

‘The Gatinans – they were merchants?’

They looked at each other searching for an answer. ‘They didn’t have any pack animals – they said their animals were out of town because they got lame. They were looking for replacements.’

‘So which way do they go?’

‘Towards Farah. They will have to pass the other gatehouse so they will be able to confirm if they passed.’

The Gatinans – though Conn was sure they were in fact Rakians – had indeed passed the other gatehouse; and had continued on towards Farah. Farah was typical four day ride from Moesiak. Conn was intent in doing it in less; each rider had an extra horses, and when they go to the livery at the ferry crossing, they swapped the tired horses for others. Conn kept his black gelding however; he was worth two of any other horse.

At the ferry, the Rakians had increased to ten in number – and over the river, they now numbered thirty. Conn wondered where these men had been hiding all this time, but Farah was fairly rough country and it backed on to a huge mountain range. There would be plenty of places to hide.

What was certain was that they were catching them – ever so slowly. They also weren’t travelling on the roads all the time and every now and then the trail would divert off the road to avoid a minor settlement.

On the third day, the Rakians had divided into two groups; Conn presumed that they must be setting a trap somewhere ahead. As far as Conn could tell, they were half a day from the town of the Eaorl of Farah; and like most of Moesia, the population was sparse, settlements were intermittent, and the rest of the demesne was forest and bushland. There were many places ideal to ambush someone if that was your intent. For them to choose this place, they must know that the Aebeling was near – there must be a traitor inside the entourage.

Conn split his group into two as well; he sent Aghy’s men one way and kept his Lykians with him. He had trained them; he knew what they would do, and he knew that they would follow his instructions to the letter. He told one of them to kill Fainche if she made a noise; a suggestion she thought was joke until she saw Conn’s expression – and the look on the wiga’s face.

It was soon clear where the trap was; the roadway followed a natural valley between two hilltops; and the hilltops on either side provided perfect cover for bowmen. From his outlook, Conn used his telescope to see that a party of riders was about to head into the ravine from the other end – Bran’s group.

A new course of action presented itself and he told his wiga to hasten up the side of the valley and attack those hidden. He would attack from the front. Not good policy but his best option at this time.

Fainche looked at him as he prepared his bow. ‘What are you going to do exactly?’

‘Create a diversion so too many of my men don’t die.’

‘Isn’t that your men’s job.’

‘Not unnecessarily.’ With that he kicked the horse into a canter and as it hit the flat he kicked it into a gallop towards the oncoming riders perhaps a mile away. Big, fit and strong, the gelding gained speed as he went.

It didn’t take long for the Rakians to realize that the rider galloping towards Bran was going to interfere with their plans, and they commenced their attack earlier than they would have liked – and by exposing themselves to the Moesians, they exposed themselves to Conn’s bow. After about five died from too far a distance then they understood, they took cover in the trees – to find that Conn’s wiga were arriving from behind. Forced down the hillside, they concentrated their fire on Conn. The Bran’s wiga had gone into a defensive mode, to protect their Aebeling, and Conn hoped that they didn’t fire at him as well, but the golden sun on his shield was clear enough.

He continued to fire as he galloped; and the Rakians continued to fall. As he got closer, Conn felt arrows being deflected by his shield and armour, but unfortunately the horse was not so protected – the gelding staggered – he had been hit with arrows, and he valiantly struggled to stay upright as Conn prepared for the inevitable fall. Conn loosened his feet from the stirrups and as the gallant horse drew its last few breaths, its head fell forward and Conn threw himself over the side; pushing himself away from the dying horse and using his life of training to complete a barrel roll as he hit the ground. As he completed the roll, he stood as Rakians leapt down the embankment to finish the job.

Conn drew his swords quickly to parry a blow by a Rakian sword, and then in a flurry of motion and skill, dispatched the three men who had simply taken him too lightly. The last sword he parried was not a Rakian blade – it was an Ancuman sword. The sword owner spoke.

‘Well, well, well. If it isn’t that meddling feorrancund – what are you called – I remember – Taransay. Remember my name – Andu il Axum. It will be your last memory.’

‘Seriously? You just killed my horse. I’m in a very bad mood.’

With that Conn engaged – not his normal procedure – but he was tired – and he knew everything there was to know about Ancuman fighting techniques. Within a couple of minutes of clashing swords, Conn rolled to the side to avoid a blow and stood.

‘Well, Andu il Axum, are you still confident?’ The look on the Ancuman’s face indicated that he wasn’t but he tried again – and again, until he found himself looking at the wakizashi embedded deep in his chest. His sword fell from his hand and he gripped the wakizashi as if to pull it out. He then fell down, dead.

Conn walked the last fifty yards to where the Aebeling’s men stood huddled around a man on the ground. As he got closer Conn could see that it was Bran. Alduni was standing, waiting for him, and he greeted Conn warmly.

‘Thank you Conn, you have saved us. But my father is dead – he was attacked from behind. He was stabbed. A merchant wished to travel with us as we returned and father let him. But it seems he really was just an assassin.’

‘Where is the assassin?’

He pointed. ‘Over there – he is dead; he tried to kill me too but I wasn’t taken by surprise. The Valkeri have trained me well.’

Conn’s wiga soon arrived; they had chased down those that thought to escape – none had been successful. Fainche arrived with them; and Conn had to stop Bran’s men from arresting her. He explained that she was his prisoner. He then introduced her to Alduni; her kinsmen. She apologized.

‘I am sorry, Alduni, this is neither of my making nor of my liking. It is a cowardly act. You have my sympathy. I cannot believe that my kinsman, the Healdend of Rakia, would sanction such an evil act.’

They collected the dead and dug a long grave, burying all the Rakians – Conn knew for certain now that they weren’t Gatinans – together, with the Ancuman wiga.

Conn called Fainche over to show her. ‘Do you know this man?’

She nodded her head sadly, ‘Yes I do; he was part of the same group as Fara and Anup; his name is Andu. He left by boat last autumn – I thought he was returning to, umm, wherever the Ancuman come from.’

‘Kishdah. Fainche, how many more of them are there? There is only one Ancuman here dead. Are there others who travelled with him?’

For some reason, she decided to tell him. ‘There were six who left together as I recall.’

Conn was concerned, and he spoke to the Folctoga.

‘How many Rakians did we bury?’

‘Twenty eight – and we have lost ten of our own – not including the Aebeling.’

Conn had lost four of the men that he had brought with him – an unacceptable percentage in his mind.

With the knowledge that reinforcements were on the way, they set up camp and set up guards – it was inconceivable that the other Ancuman – there were five out there still – would run – they would have a backup plan of attack. And it would be during the night. One trap deserved another. Conn had camp set up to protect the wounded and the Aebeling, and positioned his sentries in pairs. He positioned his sentries very poorly however, and an experienced wiga would be able to see an unsighted path through the middle of the guard posts. He even positioned the horses down the valley a little – grazing. He had to assume that the Ancuman were experienced.

He had Alduni accompany him as he kept guard. Conn felt obliged to apologize.

‘I’m sorry I was too late, Alduni. I liked your father. I will miss him.’

Alduni nodded. ‘I don’t know why you are apologizing – you shouldn’t even be here! Grandfather is dying and with both my father and I dead; what would Moetia do? Why are you even here, Conn?’

‘A good question – I was heading to Kadash but the weather turned bad and I went to Batra instead – which is the longest way to get to Moesiak that you can imagine. Then I rode here – after a week in the saddle, my backside is sore and I haven’t had a bath in days. I’m having a long chat with Badb when I return to Moesiak. If they want me to do something, they should just say so.’

Alduni laughed and then turned serious. ‘Are they safe at home? Would they attack my grandfather in Moetiak?’

‘Good luck to them if they try – I’ve warned the Valkeri. And why didn’t you bring some Valkeri with you? That is why they are there. The merchant would never have gotten so close.’

‘It was supposed to be a quick trip – my father thought that it would slow us down if they came – they are a little too security conscious sometimes.’

‘But who made him think that it was going to be a problem – what was the hurry?’

Alduni was only eleven, and his small shoulders were going to be burdened even more now; he was the heir. But he stood and thought. ‘I wish Ana was here to help me – she always knows the answer to those questions. But there are many new people in Moesiak – the increased trade means more people in and out. There is a man – I think he is Silekian, and he is a musician and singer. He regularly performs – performed – for my father. I think it was him that made the suggestion. I know my father enjoyed his company.’

‘Maybe we will have the opportunity to interrogate him; but I’d imagine he would be dead by now.’ Conn was replaced on watch and he went to add the final touches to his trap. He gave the Ancuman two possible entry points; down through the trees or up a small incline from another group of trees. Both would give them cover. He had the sentries numbers increased to be noticeably over manned – instead of one there were three men sitting and watching. If they were observing, the Ancuman would know that only left six people in the centre; and they only wanted to kill one of them – even, probably, if it meant they would die in the process.

He ensured that Alduni was seen walking around and going to where he would sleep. It was a good protected site in line with the four sentries; but not from the other two entry points. He was sure they would attack as soon as the sentries quietened down and everyone was asleep. Conn sat quietly under a large tree a short distance away from their bed rolls – they would not have been seen leaving them, as the lie of the land would have prevented that.

After midnight the hairs on the back of Conn’s neck rose, and he nudged one of the wiga. He whispered; ‘Three men coming through the trees and two up the incline. They are determined. Now remember, don’t look.’

Conn had collected an emergency pack from the Inn in Moesiak as he left – and in that pack was a small supply of fireworks – designed to be fitted to arrows as a kind of flare, Conn had amended them for a special display. There was also a small container of black powder.

When the intruders were about twenty yards away from the ‘kill zone’, Conn lit the black powder with a flint; and it quickly flared across the ground in a specially created tunnel, Conn counted down quietly; ‘Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one!’ On ‘one’ the first cracker flared into the air, exploder and emitted a shower of coloured sparks, lasting about five seconds. Almost immediately another flew – and then the last one. Soon the night sky was filled with light – just enough for the intruders to be clearly seen and, given their surprise – they were standing in some kind of reflex surprise position. As they stood, they fell; each dying with arrows embedded into their chest or necks. The sheer number of arrows meant that one was lucky enough to evade their armour, except for one.

He was lucky; he avoided all the arrows and turn and fled back into the forest. Conn immediately gave chase, calling a cease fire as he ran. The Ancuman had about a seventy yard lead on Conn, and in the darkness it should have been a huge advantage. But Conn easily followed the noise, bounding through the forest in leaps and bounds. Where was Derryth and his night vision when you needed him?

When the noise stopped he stopped running, and went forward slowly. The pale moonlight meant that it was not totally pitch black, but the shadows held a lot back. Conn stilled his breathing and heightened his senses until he was one with the trees. He crept forward – his movements giving his position away. He had no advantage in stealth so decided to speak.

‘You know it was only the other day that I was speaking to one of your colleagues – well, speaking is a bit generous. Her name, I believe, was Fara.’ Conn heard a breath intake not ten yards away, ‘She was very beautiful but all she wanted to do was kill me.’ Another intake – behind the tree, ‘At which endeavour she obviously failed – they both died – her and the toy boy of hers… I was hoping that she would surrender – I would like an Ancuman theow to fornicate with at will…’

Conn ducked as a great broadsword struck just where his head was a moment before, missing him by inches. ‘Hey, nice swing; shame about the miss!’ The sword swung at him again and he parried, and deflected the strike. The young man was a bit upset and using a lot of energy in his attempt for the easy kill. After several near misses, he was starting to tire and Conn elected to engage him more to tire him more. The man had another disadvantage – he wore the black necklace and the Gyden’s frustration and hate was seriously interfering with her man’s inability to fight. She was very strong in this wiga’s mind.

After the ‘lesson’ in swordplay, the Ancuman realized that he wasn’t going to win; and was becoming confused why Conn hadn’t killed him already – he had avoided opportunities. With a sudden desire to die and not be taken prisoner, the Ancuman raced at Conn carelessly – but Conn simply avoided the kill shot every time. In desperation he reached for his dagger, just like Fara, but Conn was waiting this time and he was close enough to strike out with the side of his sword, striking cleanly on the temple with enough forces to stun the man long enough for Conn to get him into a choke hold. He struggled, using every ounce of strength he had to get out of the grip Conn had on him. Over the years, many have tried, but none had every succeeded, and with his airway blocked, he fell unconscious.

Conn was now surrounded by his wiga. He stood. ‘He’s unhurt – make sure he stays that way. Take him back and keep his under guard. Make sure his doesn’t have an opportunity to kill himself.’

Conn returned to the camp and found his bedding and lay down for a nap – it had been a long night, and when Conn woke a few hours later, light was starting to filter through the trees. He checked in with the guards and all was quiet. That was the backup plan; so there shouldn’t be any more of them out there. The prisoner was sitting at the base of a tree; a guard on each side. He saw Fainche walking back from the tree; she turned away when she saw that Conn had seen her. He called out.

‘Fainche, do you know him?’

She turned back, her moment to escape lost. ‘No, but I have seen him with the others. He is just a lowly wiga.’

Conn thought the last comment was unnecessary and shook his head. ‘If you say so Fainche; but I think you lie – he was last coming down the hill, and chose to run instead of fight. I think he is somewhat more important than that. Fainche, I don’t mind it if you don’t tell me anything – but if you tell me lies, I might just sell you as a Theow.’ He didn’t give her an opportunity to answer, turning his back on her and walking to where Alduni sat. He didn’t see the blood rush from her face.

When he got to Alduni, they looked to the distance, and could see a company of riders travelling their way. They were the squad from Susa, and Wilga was leading them. They didn’t look like they had had much rest either.

As they arrived, Wilga was apologetic. ‘Are we too late? I didn’t want to kill the horses…’

Although Conn was sure the threat had been eliminated, the additional squad of wiga provided as thorough a protective detail over the young Aebeling as they could – given that they were still out in the open. There was always someone in the direct line of fire for any vantage point, and as they rode for Moesiak the next morning Alduni rode beside Conn surrounded by his father’s guard. The Silekians rode cover, travelling in a circle a hundred yards around the boy in all directions.

Riders were sent ahead with the grim news; as well as to the nearest Village to requisition a horse cart so that Bran’s body could be returned as respectfully a manner as possible.

Those Moesian and Silekian wiga who weren’t going back to Moesiak were cremated at dawn in a funeral pyre, with dignity. The Rakians and Ancuman had not been dealt with the same level of respect – they had been buried in a pit.

As soon as they passed over the river on the ferry, people started to arrive at the roadside, and bowing as the cart passed. Because of, or despite his illness, Bran was highly respected as Aebeling, and his recovery was warmly received. People were doubly sad that he had been unable to experience good health for long.

At the edge of the town, Finnrun was waiting for them, having been notified of Conn’s immanent return. He joined Conn as they continued the procession.

Conn asked of news from the donjon. ‘I gather we were in time?’

Finnrun nodded. ‘I was able to get to Ana – I gave her a message to give the Captain of the Valkeri squad, under seal, and they were able to intercede. Apart from the Medic, the other assassins were the musicians and all but one was killed; from the survivor I understand they were able to find out what poison had been administered and what antidote to apply. Driscol is recovering quite well.’

‘I hate torture…’

‘Not torture – Ana had Badb enter his mind.’

Conn smiled. ‘That’s my girl… at least the Gyden have some use.’

His mind had been open to Badb, and she was pleased with his actions. He informed them that he needed clearer instructions in the future and her confusion was clear. When he thanked her for helping Ana, there was more confusion. He was really starting to hate the fact that the Gyden didn’t seem to know what was going on – that just confused him.

The road through the town was particularly crowded and it took some time to arrive inside the bailiff. Inside, Driscol stood at the steps, supported by his bedda and Aerlene; his last living child. Officials went to the cart and collected the body of the Aebeling, while Alduni’s mother hugged her boy as soon as he dismounted from his horse. The rest of Bran’s bedda – some now visibly pregnant, wailed as they carried his body into the donjon.

Conn greeted Driscol with a bow, and then kissed and hugged Aerlene.

‘I’m sorry to find you unwell, Healdend, and of course to be bearing such tragic news.’

‘Taransay, it could have been much worse – much, much, worse. It is very good to see you.’





Chapter 17


Conn followed the visibly weaker Driscol inside the donjon and sat beside him in the hall. Driscol smiled feebly. ‘It is I that should be bowing to you Eaorl, it is you that has saved my family. I am sad, but our house still has a future. It could have been that this day would have been tragic for my people.’ He shook his head. “But why – what does Rakia hope to achieve by killing all of my family?’

‘By killing all three of you – and putting the blame of Gatina, maybe they hoped that you would start a war with Gatina or they would create enough civil unrest about who would be next Healdend – who would that be?’

Driscol paused to consider. ‘Your daughters are my closest but they are females – Aghy has a strong claim – but he has no son yet – so he would have to relinquish the Eaorldom; Menia, Susa, Farah – they could all lay claim. And if Bran’s bedda had a son – his claim would be the strongest – but there are sixteen years before he could be Healdend – and who would be Regent. The Rakians are right – if they had been successful, it would have been chaos. I would hope that it wouldn’t extend to a war.’

Conn agreed. ‘Greed is a powerful motive. Anyway, I think that we have to assume that these plans were put into action around the same time that I went to Gatina – and because they took a long time to get everyone in place, it was impossible to prevent it going ahead. I doubt that they knew that the situation with Gatina is much better positioned now. When did the musicians arrive?’

‘Winter before last perhaps. With the end of the war more Gatinan merchants were coming here to trade; others came to ply their services. I think Bran found them in the town somewhere and invited them to perform here in the donjon. After a while they became fixtures – these days we have a lot of festivities as there is much to celebrate – including the pregnancy of two of Bran’s bedda.’

That realization brought tears to his eyes, and he wiped them off with his sleeve. He ordered more wine and settled back into his chair.

‘Where would we be without you, Taransay? We haven’t seen you in four years, you turn up unexpectedly, poor Finghin almost died trying to pass on your messages; you then rescue my grandson from certain death from Rakia bandits, and save me from assassination. Anything I missed?’

‘Have I told you about my prisoners?’

‘What prisoners? I thought they all died…’

‘Not quite.’ Conn explained and sent for them both.

Fainche was the first to arrive, but then she was not in chains. She apologized profusely.

‘I cannot imagine that my cousin Fallon authorized such a despicable act. I can only imagine that it was authorized by … others. I am truly sorry for your loss.’

Driscol was not convinced. ‘We will probably never know – and then I gather that you have not been in Rakia for some time, have you?’ Fainche blushed, and Driscol continued. ‘I gather you have been a guest of Halla, Aebeling of Cyme.’

Driscoll stopped abruptly, and looked back at Conn. ‘Which reminds me, Taransay, since when do people ask Gyden to do things for them – I gather you asked Lilith to restore Halla’s bands – and she did.’

‘I thought it was a reasonable request…’

‘Preposterous.’

Fainche took heart at his response. ‘So, Healdend, I presume that you also don’t believe it happened.’

Driscol disappointed her. ‘No, Fainche, I believe that it happened – I just think it is a preposterous suggestion that it is a reasonable thing to ask a Gyden. Taransay has never lied to me. I understand that he thinks you have lied to him, however, and that is disappointing.’

Before she had a chance to answer, the Ancuman was brought in chains. He was not happy. They sat him on a chair.

Driscol looked with interest. ‘So this is an Ancuman? Where is he from exactly?

‘Kishdah – as I understand it, he is either from Axum, Saba, Himyar, Nobatia, Alwa or Makurai.’

The prisoner continued to ignore them, but he was listening.

‘What do we know about him? Is he a mercenary?’

‘He hasn’t said much, so probably – there were six Ancuman in the party that attacked Bran – one died in the first attack while five stayed behind as backup. He is the only one alive. So it would appear that one of the dead are the mastermind while the others were common wiga. Fainche denied knowing who this one is so he isn’t from Axum – that is where all the important people are from – so I suggest that he is probably from Saba or something.’

Driscol looked inquisitively at Conn. ‘He doesn’t speak?’

‘Not important enough to speak I think.’

It was too much for the Ancuman. ‘You are a fool, Feorrancund. I am no swine from Saba – I am Alfvir, Aebeling in Axum. You will regret taking me a prisoner.’

Conn agreed. ‘I’m regretting it already. You talk too much.’

Alfvir scowled at him.

Driscol was blunt. ‘So Aebeling, would you care to tell me what you were trying to achieve and whose orders they were?

Alfvir stopped talking.

Conn commiserated. ‘I doubt we will get much from him.’ Conn readdressed Driscol. ‘You know they sent a squad of thirty wiga to stop me from doing something what I was trying to do….

‘I gather they failed…’

‘They did.’

Driscol sighed. ‘I know I’m going to regret asking, but what were you trying to do?’

‘I was trying to visit a history site in Mylae…’

‘You went to Mylae. Why did you go to Mylae – it’s in Rakia…’

‘I went to Mylae to reclaim Tabiti’s heart-stone and…’

Alfvir interrupted. ‘That is not possible…’

Driscol held up his hand as Conn was about to continue. ‘Taransay – I fear that will be a long story, so enough for today – I’m already confused.’ He indicated to the officials entering the donjon. ‘I feel it is time that we farewell my son.’ He ordered that Alfvir be taken back to the dungeon and he was not to be harmed, and he then led the entourage out to the bailey where everyone waited.

A large pyre had been constructed and the body of Bran lay across the top, draped in a flag of his house.

Driscol addressed those gathered. ‘Like many in my family for so long, another has been taken before his time. This time not because of the misdeeds of our ancestors, but because of the treachery of people we call kin. It will be avenged. As is the duty of all sons, we call upon Alduni to light the pyre and start his father on his journey to the afterlife. May Badb guide his way to eternal peace. Farewell son; re-join the wind.’

With that Alduni took the burning torch and gently laid it under the pyre. Immediately the flames took hold and within moments, the pyre was alight. It didn’t take long before the wood was all burnt and all that remained of Bran was his memory and his ashes. As Conn stood there, he felt a little hand touch his and he looked down. It was Ana – it had been four years since he had seen her, and she had changed a lot – she was twice as big for starters. He picked her up and they hugged.

‘Hello Papa!’

‘Hello Ana. Where have you been? I’ve been looking for you.’

‘I had to go with Doneele; she wanted me to meet someone.’

‘And it was important? I missed you.’

She giggled. ‘Very important, Papa.’

Driscol insisted that everyone come back inside, saying that Bran would want them to celebrate his life and more importantly the survival of his son. Soon the hall was full, but it was nonetheless a sombre affair. As well as Ana and Aerlene, Conn was joined by Njil, who had finally made it to Moesiak, and the Eaorl of Batra, Aghy, who decided that he needed to know the end of the story, and had joined Njil on his voyage. Fainche sat quietly at the end of the table, alone, until Ana went and started to chat with her.

Conn recounted the chain of events and thanked Aghy thanked him for the sacrifice of his men. They would be rewarded.

‘If we don’t die for our Aebeling without reservation – what is the point of being a wiga? Their families will be proud.’



After the celebration, Conn retired to the Inn for a hot bath and some strenuous relaxation exercises initiated by Aerlene; who he hadn’t seen in a while. Despite his urging, she had yet to “discard” Conn as a bedda and had not taken another, so she was able to help him “relax” late into the night.

~x211~



At breakfast, she had another surprise for him.

Four Valkeri walked in to the Inn. They were escorting two little girls.

‘There are some people who have been waiting to meet you.’ They had stopped, shy. She called them over and they rushed to crowd around their mother. They had been born soon after he had left for Kania – almost exactly four years ago. They had never seen him, but had the blue eyes that identified all of Conn’s children. Given that blue was a recessive gene – not that the Meshechians knew that – Conn was always amazed that his children had the dark blue eyes. He greeted them warmly but they stayed with their mother.

Fainche spoke aloud. ‘Let me get this correct. The sister of the Healdend of Moetia, is also the Eaorl of Susa, is a bedda to the Eaorl of Eriak.’

‘That is correct.’ Aerlene answered for them.

‘And these two and Ana plus the children in Cyme are his children?’

‘Yes.’

‘And do all his children have blue eyes?’

‘The ones I know do – but there are others.’ Aerlene looked at Conn. ‘How many children do you have now?’

‘Now – at this minute? That would be over twenty nine.’ Conn was incorrect but he didn’t know that. He also didn’t count Jowan as he didn’t want to raise that question until it was unavoidable. He smiled mischievously. ‘Possibly even two more on the way?’

Aerlene looked shocked. ‘If I’m pregnant again, I’ll…’

‘If you come back tonight, we can make sure…’

Fainche was still stuck on the answer. ‘Twenty nine! You have TWENTY NINE children?’

Conn pretended to be surprised. ‘What? Is that a lot? Minh Mang had over one hundred and forty… some others have had more..,’

They looked at him in confusion. ‘Who is Minh Mang?’



Instead of a boring meeting with her brother, Aerlene decided to take Fainche and the girls shopping. Conn continued on to the donjon by himself, walking through the streets of a town that looked nothing like the dirty and run down settlement of so few years previous. The main and public areas were all paved and drained, and a rebuilding of the entire town was underway – the masses of cobbled together timbers houses were steadily being replaced with rows of stone and tile buildings with streets wide enough for carriages to pass. When he finally arrived in the great hall of the donjon, Driscol was already there. His health was improving daily. It was evident that the poison was only designed to make him ill and give the fake medic access to him – after his miraculous diagnosis and cure. The Healdend was very careful about being poisoned so the only way they could have poisoned him was if they were also drinking the poison – from shared wine bottles or such. The Rakians would have been taking the cure daily.

Driscol finally caught up on the conversation of the previous day.

‘So did you find the heart-stone in Mylae?’

‘I did – but it was well hidden.’ Conn explained all about the guard stones, protecting the Cirice in Gatinak and the remains of the castle in Mylae. He then told him the story of Comhghall, the abandoning of the Cirice in Gatinak, and then the destruction of the other Cirice after the resignation of the last Casere.

Driscol sat bemused. ‘But how did it get to Mylae?’ Surely no normal person can handle a haligdom such as that.’

‘You are right. However, the Twacuman can – but they have no desire to do so – except the Twacuman who brought Inanna’s heart-stone here, which I still don’t understand. If not them, then who? I feel that it has to be the same person who moved Tabiti from Gatina to Mylae – and also Inanna from Silekia to Piada. Those events have to be connected – I just don’t know how.’

‘A Folgere perhaps?’

‘No Folgere that I know of could touch another heart-stone. And they would never betray their heart. No, it is someone else – and someone who knew about the other haligdoms.’

‘And it is definitely the Ancuman who are behind all of this – not Fallon as they would want us to believe?’

Conn nodded. ‘I don’t think Fallon is behind it. He has too much to lose. Things have moved way beyond his control now. Firstly, keep in mind that despite the fact that although we found Ratakian armour and uniforms, none of the wiga were trained wiga from the Healdend’s forces. They were all mercenaries – they would have been criminals and outlaws hired for the job. So this is not an ‘official’ Ratakian assassination attempt – it is the Ancuman – they are behind everything – have been for hundreds of years.’

‘It still doesn’t make sense.’ Driscol asked, ‘Surely they must know that the Moetian forces would be strong enough to defeat Gatina and Rakia?’

‘That is why Fallon and Alric aren’t behind it. The Ancuman don’t care if the Rakians are defeated – I’m sure they want them to stare defeat in the face, because it would allow them to bring more Ancuman forces into Meshech – by invitation. The Ancuman are much better wiga than all other Meshechians – a war between them and my forces would be bloody.’

Driscol despaired. ‘So where does this leave us? And how did the haligdom get to Mylae?’

‘To answer the second question first, Beogar’s keep was destroyed over five hundred years ago in one of the early wars between the Silekians and the Ancuman – a war that the Ancuman lost at great cost. But in losing that battle they did two things – they destroyed the castle and they left behind a haligdom in Mylae – for some future event, and coincidently when they wanted to hide Tabiti’s heart-stone, it was there.’

‘But why stop the Cirice in Gatina being opened?’

‘They wanted Tabiti out of the way – they had successfully infiltrated the Rakians and they would not be able to easily control her people if she was still around. So the story of her exile was created. As for your first question, I’m still uncertain.’

Driscol looked old and weak, and the latest events hadn’t helped his condition. He was dying, and it would not be long before an eleven year old was Healdend. ‘So I presume that you don’t want me to declare war on Rakia?’

‘I think that would be unwise, Healdend, that would be doing what they want. However, I will extract revenge on your behalf, it’s just a question of time.’

Driscol looked suddenly tired. ‘Taransay, are you staying long? There will be a Witan soon; an official heir has to be nominated and Alduni may not be seventeen before I pass – so we will have to appoint a Regent.’

Conn thought for a moment. ‘May I make a suggestion?’

Driscol smiled, ‘I’d be more surprised if you didn’t.’

‘Aerlene is my nomination.’

‘Aerlene? Why Aerlene?’

‘Because we can all trust her. Susa is now one of the richest demesnes in Moetia, the most powerful and she is Alduni’s aunt. And there is no one else on the Witan who I would be confident will do what is required.’

‘What you say is sound. I will give it some thought. I must rest now – will you join us for dinner?’

As Conn left to leave, one of the keep bocere reported that they were having trouble getting Alfvir out of his cell. He almost killed the wiga that went in to remove him so that the room could be cleaned.

‘He is a truly stubborn man that one.’ Conn responded. ‘I’ll help.’ Conn followed the wiga down to the dungeon and found Alfvir in his cell surrounded by wiga, some with bows.

Conn directed that they open the cell door and he walked in.

‘Alfvir, we can do this the hard way or the easy way; do what these nice men say or I’ll be forced to not be nice.’

Alfvir acted rather than answering, charging at Conn, who sidestepped in the blink of an eye and threw him on to his back. He stood back; allowing Alfvir to stand up. He attacked again, and again, all with the same outcome, until he was battered and bruised. Conn had the wiga come in and hold him as Conn searched his clothing, finally retrieving the haligdom from a small secret pocket in his vest. They dragged him up and sat him on a chair.

Conn dangled the pendant in front of him. ‘Is this important?’

Although there was fear on his face, Alfvir refused to speak, so Conn had a hammer brought to him. He placed the necklace on the floor, and was about to hit it with the hammer when the Ancuman finally spoke.

‘Yes, it is important; sentimental reasons. PLEASE don’t destroy it.’ He added the ‘please’ with emphasis.

‘Very well then.’ Conn stood, ordered that Alfvir be released, and handed the pendant back to him. ‘Next time you want to misbehave, nothing will stop the hammer. Have I made myself clear?’

He nodded. ‘I understand. If I may ask, what are you going to do with me?’

‘You will remain a prisoner until they pay your ransom.’

‘You are going to ransom me?’

‘You sound surprised, but the Healdend and I have come to the understanding that someone needs to pay for the needless death of an Aebeling and his wiga. We will send a ransom demand to Rakia today for the appropriate wergild of an Aebeling and some fifteen wiga. The demand will be for three hundred thousand Ryals. Who should we send the demand to? Who is the senior Ancuman in Rakia?’

Alfvir was silent again.

Conn continued. ‘If you can’t name someone else, we will just send the request to Fallon, Healdend.’ As Conn walked out of the cell, he looked back. ‘Remember my warning.’



When Conn finally arrived back at the Great Hall in the evening, it was clear that Aerlene had been doing some serious shopping – everyone was wearing new clothes – even Fainche; who for the first time had combined her usual black with smatterings of red. Tabiti did like red clothing.

Conn searched for Ana. Aerlene informed him that she would be there soon, and he was talking to Finnrun when he received a tap on his shoulder. Behind him stood Ana with Doneele, Driscol’s bedda, and two people he didn’t recognize; one was a young man, a Silekian and the other was a girl who he immediately knew he should know – she had blue eyes.

Doneele did the introductions; ‘Taransay, I’d like you to meet Rheda. Her mother is Ranait il Dahae, former bedda of Oran il Asaak.’

Conn had a flashback to the very interesting times he had with Ranait in the Cirice in Lykiak – some eight years ago. He had no idea she had gotten pregnant – though he did know that she had died from illness.

Conn bowed. ‘Hello, Rheda, I am so pleased to meet you.’ She bowed back shyly at a father she had never met.

‘And this,’ Doneele continued, ‘is Eirnin il Tegeste. His father was the Eaorl of Tegeste; and he is heir to his father.’

Conn was doubly surprised. ‘Tegeste? In Silekia? Who is Eaorl now?’

The young man nodded. ‘My uncle Mundy. I believe he murdered my father and his father.’

‘Now that is very interesting.’

Conn invited them to sit – Doneele left to join her bedda at the main table – and he asked Eirnin how he ended up in Moetia.

It transpired that Eirnin’s grandfather died in 855, in some kind of fishing accident – his boat disappeared; and then he father became Eaorl at the age of twenty five. A couple of years later his Mundy returns from Rakia where he had been living with his mother – a Rakian. When Eirnin was five, his father also dies – again, his boat disappears at sea. Mundy then declares himself Regent and invited Rakians in to act as his security and advisers.

Eirnin’s mother, fearful of the potential fate of her son, escapes by boat to Sabrata, and then travels to Dahae, the home of her ancestors.

Eirnin concluded his story. ‘I have spent the last ten years in Dahae, and it was there that I met Ranait, and then Rheda. We both met Doneele when she visited last week, and she insisted that Rheda and I come to Moetiak with her. We arrived yesterday with our family.’

‘You have had quite a journey, Eirnin. Have you both lived with the Eaorl of Dahae?’ He looked at Rheda as well when he asked the question.

They both shook their heads. ‘No, we both lived with Eostan and his family.’

‘Eostan is not an Eaorl…’

‘No – he is the Thane of Radma. His bedda is Ranait’s sister.’

‘And is he here? I would like to thank him.’

Eirnin looked embarrassed. ‘No – he couldn’t come in – there wasn’t room for him.’

Conn looked across the table at Finnrun – who suddenly decided to look elsewhere. He had been following the discussion.

‘Finnrun…’

‘Yes Eaorl?’ He feigned ignorance.

‘The family that raised my daughter for eight years wasn’t given a table here tonight – can you sort that please?’

Finnrun protested, ‘You know I don’t work here anymore? I’m a merchant…’

‘So remind me, where do you get all your merchandise from?’

Finnrun stood as if struck by lightning. ‘But I’ll see what I can do.’

As he turned, Conn added ‘And make sure that they are suitably attired. I would hate them to feel embarrassed.’

‘But the shops will…’

Conn looked at him.

‘… of course open if I ask nicely.’

‘I have a squad of wiga at the Inn that can help if you need it. War has been declared for less…’

‘I’ll keep that in mind.’ He rushed off.



Within ten minutes, tables were moved around to provide an extra table next to Conn’s and any complaints were met with ‘ask Taransay’; complaints stopped. Within the hour, a very embarrassed but respectfully dressed couple were ushered into the hall and given seats at the table next to Conn. Servants then made sure that they had the best of anything.

Doneele saw them arrive and came over. She apologized to Conn. ‘I did ask but I was told it was impossible…it seems that you have greater authority in this donjon than me.’

‘Did you threaten to send a squad of Silekian wiga in to reorganize the tables?’

She laughed. ‘No, I didn’t.’

Conn smiled. ‘Doneele; that was your mistake. Are you able to introduce the Thane to the Healdend for me?’

‘That I can do.’

Driscol joined them towards the end of the night. The children had left and Conn sat with the Thane – Eostan, Finnrun and Aerlene.

Conn had a question for him. ‘So, Healdend, do you have any Eaorldoms spare?’

Driscol was surprised. “Eaorldoms? No… don’t you already have enough land?’

‘Not for me – for Eostan.’ Conn waved away his protestations. ‘I guess he will just have to be a Baron then. Do you think we can get that done?’

The Healdend shrugged. ‘I’ve already had another request for a Thane in Farah to be so elevated. What about the other issue – the Regent.’

‘Did you speak with Alduni?’

‘I did – he thinks that it is a great idea. What about the Eaorls?’

Conn played a straight face. ‘I had a chat to each one this evening – they all think it is a great idea as well. There will not be a single opposing voice at the witan.’

‘I’m not going to ask how you can be so sure.’

Conn agreed ‘That would be wise.’

Every Eaorl that wouldn’t agree with the proposal owed the Meshech Finance and Insurance Company considerable amounts of money – because they all like to live beyond their means – and calling in the loans would cause more anguish than any rewards for being Regent. They were made aware.

Conn continued. ‘I also have a solution to the Rakian problem.’

‘That was quick. Does it involves anything I’m not going to approve of?’

‘I’m not sure… did you meet Eirnin il Tegeste?’

Driscol nodded absently. ‘Yes I did – nice boy.’ Then it suddenly dawned on him. ‘Tegeste is in Silekia isn’t it?’

‘It is…’

‘I don’t think I wanted to know that.’





Chapter 18


The Witan was held a few days later and Conn as Baron of Barek was present at the Witan for the first time as a voting member. The two proposals were passed without opposition – that Alduni be nominated as heir of Moesia was assured, but that that Aerlene be raised to Regent during his primacy, should he need one, was not a typical decision. Aerlene then had to nominate a Regent for her daughter Bermia while she was unable to perform as the Eaorl of Susa. The two new Barons were proclaimed – including the Baron of Radma. Conn proposal to widen participation in decision making by creating an Assembly was mentioned by Conn as an example of what was being done in Trokia – Conn didn’t want to push things too far too quickly.

With the official Witan functions, including the many feasts, out of the way, Conn returned to planning his “invasion” of Silekia. He wasn’t invading so much as helping Eirnin regain his demesne – he had several others within his fyrd who would also benefit by having their demesne’s returned – including Wilga il Melnik, Uileog of Azali, and Godfred il Jader. Uileog and Godfred had joined his fyrd prior to the Trokian campaign and had worked their way up from Corporal to Major during the campaign.

Conn’s planning was only limited to the number of ships and pigeons he had. Luckily he had a pretty simple message structure. Years previously, Conn had sat down and worked out nearly everything that he could imagine he might request, and wrote it in a book – of which there were only as many copies as he needed – one to each of his demesne. He wrote the books himself, and Njil had hand delivered them.

The message carried by pigeon to Haran had three numbers: 2-15-38 and the pages translated to something like ‘This is not a drill, raise the Fyrd, sent to Arbela.’ Different messages went to Kadash, Cyme, Susa and Atrak – but the underlining message was to mobilize the full resources of Conn’s military machine.

Most of the fyrd were already in place – of the wiga that marched towards Trokia, over half had retired with the generous severance pay that they had received, and of those that remained, half had been sent back to Lycia to his barracks in Hama, while the rest had stayed with him – he had taken three companies of Sagittari with him during his ‘conquest’ of Kuita. Of the three, two were already now back in Atrak training new recruits.

He had raised another three companies from Kadash and Susa and with those sent for training in Lykia, he had in place over two thousand wiga for his campaign to free Tegeste from Rakian control.

By the end of spring, Conn was ready to depart Moetia, and Njil had returned to collect him. When he could, he ate dinner with Driscol; he had the feeling that he might not see the Healdend again.

Driscol was concerned. ‘And you are confident that this plan of yours will work?’

‘It has to be done – we need to rid Silekia of the Rakians. Tegeste was the missing piece – I didn’t know how to solve the problem without creating a “real” war between Lykia and Rakia. Eirnin raising a fyrd to reclaim his demesne doesn’t problem anyone.’

‘Notwithstanding the fact that the fyrd is beyond the financial and logistical means of a sixteen year old…’

‘That notwithstanding – by the time they argue the finer detail it will all be over.’

‘And after Tegeste…?’

‘All the other heirs have raised fyrds as well. Coincidental really – but we will have the momentum to completely rid Rakia of Ancuman influence. And the Wealdend will ride out from Silekiak.’

‘And you are sure that will not be the end of it?’

Conn shook his head. ‘No, I don’t think so – this is just the beginning. I’m just trying to buy time. Do you remember our discussions about Goibniu, the last Casere?’

Driscol did.

‘Well, I’m convinced that is what he did – by resigning and giving the Aebelings what they wanted; he bought time. In fact, he bought three hundred years.’

‘How much will your actions buy?’

‘Nothing like that – if I can get a ten years, I’ll be happy. Oh, there is something else. I want to take Alduni with me. I think that is the best for Moetia; he will get a better idea of what is happening if he sees the world.’

Driscol looked at Aerlene as she ate with them.

‘You know about this?

‘I do – he is also taking Ana and Rheda.’

Driscol shook his head. ‘No wonder I’m so ill; you keep saying things like that to me; you are taking my grandson to invade a large fortified demesne like Tegeste; protected by a large number of Ratakian forces – and you say don’t worry.’ He looked to Aerlene again. ‘You are happy about it?’

‘I don’t know where he could be safer. His mother is happy. He nearly died in our care…’

‘True enough. Alright, you have my approval as well.’



A few days later, Njil guided the large schooner out of Moetiak and headed for Atrak. Aerlene and Driscol and the entire castle staff stood on the dock to farewell the young Aebeling. Driscol had given him several extra hugs before he left. They would probably never see each other again.

Conn’s final act in Moetia had been to award service and bravery medals to those that fought with him against the Rakian bandits – including the Valkeri who protected the Healdend. He saluted them, gave Driscol an extra salute, and boarded the ship; standing with his two daughters as tears streamed down their faces.

The children were not the only passengers; Conn had brought Alfvir with him, and Fainche joined them at the last moment. Driscol said that she could stay in Moesiak, but she was still very unsettled – she still couldn’t go home, and wasn’t sure if she actually wanted to anyway.



It was a six day sail to Atrak on the topsail; they passed dozens of other vessels heading in the same direction – his junks and the smaller schooners. All along the coast were the new lighthouses that Conn had constructed to allow the fleet to keep sailing at speed at night.

The morning they arrived in Atrak, the only person who was not surprised was Njil. Everyone else was stunned into silence – such as was the visual splendour of the harbor of Atrak. It was a stone castle that projected pure power and prestige – albeit that the power was superficial. The stone construction was more decorative than defensive against a real sea attack – it was nothing like the star castle that the stonemasons trained in Atrak were now building in Gatina. Visually, however, there was no castle thing like it anywhere in Meshech, and only the former underwater town of Kadash matched it for uniqueness. That being said, Halla was turning Cyme into something very special as well.

The entry to the harbour was guarded by huge towers; one on each side; on top of which were lighthouses at night and sentries during the day. There was stone and tiles everywhere; whereas once the warehouses had thatch roofs, they had all been replaced with slate – slate was readily available in Trokia, in Mendah in particular, and trade was booming between the two towns. Whitewash was also in favour, and the harbor gleamed – everything seemed to have been painted except for the roofs.

As the schooner carefully docked, a large crowd of people waited for them. Everyone noticed the ten girls waiting, standing with Valkeri. As he watched them wave to him, and as he waved back, Conn realized with sadness that two of them he had never met – Sileas was pregnant when he left for Moesiak five years ago, and the rest he hardly knew. He walked down the plank and two of the girls, his eldest, came forward and hugged him. He wasn’t sure if it was affection or protocol.

Elwyne and Alana, were both ten, tall and beautiful. The blue eyes gleamed amidst the long dark hair and dark olive complexions. The next to greet him were Cordelia and Leola; also children of Annisa. They were eight years old. The six remaining were all Sileas’s girls; Alfrysa, Osgytha, Davan, Rowena, Oslynne, and Eldwen. They were all two years apart, nine, seven, and five.

Alana spoke first. ‘Welcome home, Father.’

‘It is good to be back, and very nice to see you all again. I have some people I’d like to meet.’ He called over the three youngsters; Ana didn’t have any siblings last winter – now she had eleven. Not so shy now, the girls quickly gathered their new siblings and rushed off back to the donjon to show them around, their bodyguards in hot pursuit.

Sileas stood by Conn as they watched them race off. Sileas then hugged him and introduced him to Osbert, her bedda. She and Conn had “divorced” and she had become bedda to Osbert, a merchant from Silekia that Sebbi had sent down to be his manager in Atrak.

Osbert bowed. ‘Eaorl, it is a pleasure to finally meet you. Your reputation is larger than life.’

Conn shook his hand. ‘I hope I don’t disappoint you in person – there is always that risk.’

They talked as they walked back up the streets to the donjon; Conn complimenting Sileas on her work building the town. When they arrived inside the great hall, it was full of people – much to Conn’s surprise – including Anissa, Daray, Cliona and children. Wuffa and Wilga joined them for dinner, as did Njil. They also had room in the dungeon for Alfvir.

It was good to see Daray and Cliona again; the Aebeling looked well, and by all accounts was ruling as instructed; fairly and wisely. Their sons Curran and Cenric were tall and strong, and they both looked like a smaller versions of Driscol. Bettina – the girl he had rescued near Tegeste was also there – she was now Daray’s bedda, his second. She was delighted to see Conn again; she hugged him as much as her pregnant frame would allow. All the Eaorls of Lycia had turned up as well. Daray explained as everyone finally sat down for the lunch feast.

‘We decided to hold the Witan here in Atrak this year – given that you have arrived back.’

‘I’m not a member of the Witan…’

‘Yes, that did occur to us. So we decided to fix that problem.’

He stood up and a bell was rung to indicate silence.

Daray spoke loudly. ‘Since my elevation to this position of dubious honour,’ (laughter), ‘I have not had the opportunity to formally thank the Thane of Haran for his role in making it possible for me.’ Everyone clapped. ‘I cannot reward him with money as he has more than the rest of us already.’ Everyone laughed. ‘Indeed he has more of everything than any of us – including more children than the Eaorl of Neh.’

The Earl stood. ‘I find that hard to believe. I have twenty – I can’t afford twenty but I have twenty.’

Conn stood. ‘On last count – thirty – and I can afford them!’

The hall broke into laughter and it was some minutes before the Aebeling was finally able to continue.

‘So as I was saying; there is only one thing that the Thane doesn’t have in Lykia that we can award.’

He gestured and donjon staff released tapestries around the wall – starting with the crest of the Aebeling of Lykia – a new crest that symbolized the union with the house of Moetia. That was followed by the crests of each Eaorl; and the last one of these to be unfurled was one with a golden sun on a saffron background. The crests were all in roundels – of the new style created by his Heralds.

The Aebeling then started to read from a proclamation. ‘Conn il Taransay; Eaorl of Kadesh, Eaorl of Eriak, the Baron Barek, the Baron Gambi, the Baron Hebal, the Baron Ushu, Thane of Hama, Thane of Faleri, Thane of Atrak, Thane of Rupina, Thane of Ebusos, Thane of Azaba, and Thane of Oxmon – I hope I have that right – I am empowered by the Witan of Lykia to raise you to the position of Eoarl of Hama, as well as the Baron Faleri and the Baron Atrak, in the demesne of Lykia.’ Everyone clapped and cheered. ‘Please come forward to accept the documents of proclamation.’

Conn did so and hugged the young man. He was truly touched. They resumed their celebration which lasted for two weeks – intermixed with meetings of the Witan where they discussed Conn’s plans for Silekia, and how Lycia was not going to be involuntarily involved.

The current Eaorl of Abela was Cairpre, son of his old friend, and Conn had meetings with him and Wilgar when he could. Some years previously, Conn had purchased a demesne – Azaba – from him close to the border with Silekia, and had built what a military outpost – barracks for a thousand men and followers, as well as all logistical support for that number, including stables and warehouses. Azaba was overflowing at the moment, and the training areas were crowded as they prepared for the “invasion” of Silekia.

Eirnin and Alduni were assigned to Wilga with a new rank of Cornet, and everywhere Wilga went, they went, either training hard with the Fyrd, or joining them as they practised with sword, bow and lance.

Conn also visited his girls – they spent every morning at “school” with several hundred other children. Conn had schools opened everywhere in Lykiak; and as teachers were trained they were sent out to every village and were instructed to teach every child – not just the children of the Thane or Eaorl. The best of their students were sent to Atrak at the age of seven, to finish school and then attend “University”. The family of every child sent to Atrak for schooling was compensated financially to ensure Conn didn’t miss out on the best talent because their families need them to help work in the fields. Gender also didn’t matter – become a bocere was promoted as a pathway to honor, prestige – and wealth – as Conn paid his senior bocere very well

In the harbour, ships arrived and departed in increased frequency; bringing goods in from all harbors in Meshech, while others took food and armaments to Silekia. The Wealdend was aware of and very excited about Conn’s plans. They were ready to move when he was – and despite the fact that the majority of Silekia was in Rakians hands, the eastern portion wasn’t – the Eaorls of Jasi and Gelah had been able to prevent any further advancement along the coast – after Plevan had been abandoned – and the walls of Silekia had prevented the town being taken – notwithstanding the inexhaustible supply of food and weaponry that the control of the ocean provided Conn the ability to do.



They were waiting for the river that provided the border between Lykian and Silekia to become passable before they could ‘invade’. They were biding their time. Conn was in Atrak having breakfast with his daughters when a wiga rushed in to see him.

‘Eaorl, there is an unusual ship sighted from the lookout and it is with two of ours.'

‘Good. Excellent! And about time too.’

Conn headed to the docks, walking down the long pathway from the donjon through the town.

His herd of daughters walked alongside and behind him.

‘Father, what kind of ship is it?’

‘I call it a cog – but I don’t know what it is called in Kishdah.’

‘So it is an Ancuman ship.’

‘Indeed. I captured one just like it in Gatina – but it was half the size of this one.’

The cog was tied up first and the two schooners docked along behind, and they watched as dockworkers prepared all the ships for disembarking; fixing gangways between the vessels and the docks. First down from the Cog was Njil, and he was followed by a few Ancuman – probably bocere because they were not dressed as wiga – and then others who looked like Silekians. They were, however, not dressed as Silekians – they wore a loose fitting, and richly colored tunics over baggy trousers that were close fitting at the bottom. Over the top they wore a long woollen coat that reached down to the knees.

Njil did not have any of them bound, which made Conn assume that none were dangerous, and he studied the group dynamics as they walked towards him; of the Priecuman, it was obvious that the younger of the two women was actually in charge – the others seemed to be her staff.

It was turning into an interesting day. Njil arrived with a big grin on his face.

‘You’re going to love this.’

Conn hadn’t a chance to respond before the younger woman pushed past the Ancuman to address him.

‘I understand that you are in charge of these pirates. What is the meaning of this outrage?’ She looked Conn up and down as she spoke, and then stopped. ‘You look like a Samarian. What are you doing here?’

Conn was still surrounded by his children and Alana, his eldest, asked the obvious question. ‘Who are the Samarians?’

The young woman answered without thinking. ‘They are a tribe of people who live in the far south of Sytha. They herd cattle … but we have not had contact with them for many years.’ She stopped herself. ‘That doesn’t matter anyway – I would like my question answered. Who are you to commandeer my ship – are you the Healdend? And why did you do it?’ She was becoming increasingly flustered as Conn looked at her curiously. ‘Just wait till my father hears about this!’ she stomped.

‘How do you imagine that he is going to hear about it? Are you going to swim back?’ While she flustered, unable to respond, Conn continued. ‘I’m sure that we will have time for discussion later. My guards will appoint you some rooms. We will meet later when you have had a chance to eat and wash.’

She was just about to rebuke him when he walked past her to the Ancuman prisoners. There were about twenty. She was about to follow, but guards stepped in and blocked her way, and directed her up to the donjon. Njil joined him and Conn asked him how many had died.

‘About ten – before they were ordered to surrender. The vessel was grappled between both ours before they chose to quit. Very determined they were.’

Conn looked over the group of men. Only one was of Axum – he was a court official of some kind. The rest were sailors and were all from the Southern Isles.

‘Who’s in charge?’

The official stepped forward, proud and prejudicial.

‘I am…Feorrancund.’

Conn did not react immediately. Slowly he asked. ‘Can you swim?’

‘Swim? Of course not… only fish swim…’

He didn’t get the sentence finished when he found himself flying through the air and out into the harbour. He spluttered to the top and flailed his arms about wildly. Conn nodded and men went down the stair to the floating docks and used hooks to reef him back in. He was brought back to Conn. He looked like a drowned rat.

‘If you would like swimming lesson two, we will maintain our airs and graces. Otherwise we will be polite. My children are here.’ Conn noticed that the Ancuman men behind did not seem at all put out by the treatment of their leader. Some tried to hide their smiles.

‘So, again, are you in charge?’

‘Yes, yes, I am. My name is Yngvi, official envoy of the Bretwalda of all Ancuman.’

‘I see – and you were on your way back from Sytha to where exactly?’

Yngvi didn’t want to answer – that was clear on his face. He looked sideways at the water. He didn’t seem to like his odds. He finally answered.

‘Kishdah, we are returning to Kishdah.’

‘Thank you Yngvi. Wasn’t too hard was it? You will now be taken to the cells where you will stay until I let you go. You will find food and a bath. I expect that you will be comfortable – excluding the fact that you are my prisoners. I will arrange for your personal effects to be removed from the vessel … and yes, I insist that my men collect your effects. Don’t bother asking.’

‘Healdend, but what do you propose to do with us? The Captain was not forthcoming?’

‘I am not a Healdend – I am Conn il Taransay, Eaorl of Hama. You will be here a week at most – then I’ll let you leave.’

‘I don’t understand…’

‘I have a message I want delivered to Kishdah – to your Healdend.’

The official corrected him. ‘Bretwalda – Farolfur is Bretwalda of all Kishdah.

Conn refused to answer more questions, and wiga escorted the prisoners to the dungeon. Conn walked back to the donjon with his daughters, answering any questions they had – which was a lot. He had a job to do first – he went to the communication center and send a pigeon.





Chapter 19


By lunch Conn had returned to join the Sythans; they were waiting for him – impatiently. As he arrived they were introduced to him. The talkative one was Lile, daughter of the Healdend of Sytha. Her maid was Ciannait, while her officials were Rearden, a medic, Turlough, a bocere, and Tuathal, a wiga.

‘An Eaorl? Since when does an Eaorl have ships that cross the seas and attack another people’s crafts? That is beyond my comprehension.’

‘Since the owners of that craft attack and kill the sons of Healdend,’ Conn answered bluntly. He sat and ate and drank as he recounted the events that had led him to send ships out to capture an Ancuman vessel. ‘That explains why I have the vessel – it doesn’t explain why you were on it.’

She had calmed down a bit through Conn telling of the death of Bran. She took a deep breath and started. ‘Sytha and Axum have been negotiating an assistance agreement. They agreed to send us wiga to assist us in our war with the Pontians, and in exchange, we are providing technical advisors’, she pointed to the men who sat behind her, ‘gold, and a bedda for the Bretwalda’s son.’ Conn noted her detachment from that statement; or at least her resignation. She continued. ‘I am on my way to be that bedda.’

Conn was confused; he was also direct. ‘To an Ancuman? I understand they like their meat very fresh. Are you not a little old to be bedda? How old are you?’

‘I have survived twenty five winters. I have spent my life since fifteen as a Folgere.’

‘Folgere? Chastity is not a virtue of Folgere…’

She almost blushed. ‘There are two kinds of Folgere – I have served my Gyden with devoted study and meditation – unlike some of my sister’s methods of serving our Gyden…’

‘So why the change of heart?’

‘The Bretwalda of the Ancuman insisted on the eldest daughter. I am my father’s eldest daughter – of his first bedda. And for some reason my Gyden gave her blessing. At first she refused but then suddenly changed her mind.’

Conn nodded and contemplated. ‘That makes sense. The Ancuman believed in primogeniture – so if they couldn’t be the eldest son; then second best would be the eldest son of the eldest daughter – especially if the male relatives were all ‘eliminated’’.

She was confused. ‘What do you mean – eliminated?’

‘Lile, the Ancuman are intending to betray you. I suspect that as soon as you have a male child, you would have suddenly died. But by then they would have your son and a claim to Sytha. If they had wiga in Sytha, over time, they would have eliminated all of your brothers and their sons until your son was the only heir. Then they would have claimed Sytha for themselves.’ When Conn said this he noted that neither Tuathal nor Turlough were that surprised. It would appear that not all were in agreement with the agreement.

Lile cried out impulsively. ‘That is not possible – they would not do that that. Yngvi would never betray us. He is my father’s friend.’

‘Yngvi – the Axum official – I met him on the dock?’

‘Yes – he has been a member of my father’s court for ten years. He had helped in putting together the agreement.’

‘What are the terms of the agreement?’

Lile shook her head. ‘I don’t know the details.’ She looked to her advisors. They shook their heads as well. ‘Yngvi has it. None of us have seen it.’

Conn called Wuffa over and whispered in his ear. He nodded and left the room in search of Njil.

‘We might have a little chat with Yngvi. So what do you think of my village?’ He directed this question at Turlough.

‘This is a village? What are your towns like?’

After a few hours of Conn interrogated the visitors slowly and carefully, as they drunk and ate, Wuffa returned with Yngvi, and directed him to a chair. Conn offered him wine, first serving himself from the same bottle to reassure him that it wasn’t poison. After his first timid sip, he drank heartedly.

He toasted Conn. ‘Sir, this is the best wine that I have ever tasted. I am glad that I had a chance to taste it before I died.’

Conn turned to business. ‘Yngvi, I understand that you negotiated a treaty between the Healdend of Sytha and your Bretwalda. Are you able to show me the agreement?’

His sobriety quickly restored, he responded as expected. ‘Alas, I cannot; the agreement was lost or destroyed when we were so savagely attacked by your … ships.’

‘Quite so. You don’t have a copy then?

‘No, I do not. And I am sorry, but I cannot tell you what is in the document. I will not betray my people.’

‘I wouldn’t ask you to.’ Conn looked at Njil and he walked over and handed him a pouch; leather but waxed so that it was waterproof. Njil had returned some time ago and nodded to him, before sitting down. As it was handed to him Conn observed that the colour drained from Yngvi’s face.

‘Where did you get that?’ He demanded when he had found his voice.

‘On your ship – but as you say, it cannot be your document anyway. Didn’t you just tell me that yours was lost?’ As Conn started to open the package, Yngvi started to rise from his chair but he found two hands on his shoulders keeping him in his place. Lile and the Sythans had sat quietly during the entire exchange, but their interest rose as Conn opened the document and read through. He handed on pages that he had read to Wuffa to read after him. Whenever Yngvi wanted to say something, Conn raised his hand to stop him. After the last page, Conn looked up and addressed Lile.

‘I can only assume then that this is not the agreement signed by the Healdend of Sytha – though it does look like his seal. For argument sake, however, let’s pretend that it is.’ He looked at Lile, ‘On the surface, this is indeed a very generous deal that Yngvi has organized for you, Lile; extremely if not too generous by half in my estimation. Basically in exchange for 2 million Ryals and you, the Ancuman would supply five hundred wiga within three years; to be housed and cared for by Sytha, and an additional five hundred within three years after that, to be paid for by Axum. They are to be trained with and housed with the Sythan forces.’ Conn looked at Tuathal. ‘How big is the Sythan Fyrd?’

‘About one thousand fully trained wiga.’

‘So an extra thousand Ancuman wiga would make it very strong indeed. But what if the Ancuman suddenly turned against the Sythans – from within the barracks and on the field? How would you stand?’

Tuathal shook his head. ‘I don’t really know – but the element of surprise would be devastating.’

Conn shook his head. ‘With these numbers – if I was in charge, I would eliminate your entire Fyrd in a night. All thousand before the sun rose. And if I can do it, I’m sure that the Ancuman can as well.’ He looked at Lile again. ‘As I presumed, the product of your loins has a special mention in this agreement; it clearly states that your child is an heir in the event of the death of all of your father’s descendants. How many does he have?’

She went white as a ghost. ‘About twenty I think – he has a lot of bedda; eight in total.’

Fainche laughed, she had joined them for lunch. ‘She thinks eight is a lot!’

Lile was not amused. ‘My father is a great Healdend and father to many. Eight is a great number.’

Fainche decided not to comment further, as Conn looked disapprovingly at her, shaking his head. He looked at Yngvi and addressed the next question to him.

‘To me this document when signed by the Ancuman is a death sentence for each and every one of the Healdend’s children and grandchildren as soon as Lile has a child. Do you deny that possibility, Yngvi?’

‘Yes, I deny that. It was there just in case something happened to his sons and their sons – they are at war after all.’

‘And why then five hundred wiga within three years and another five hundred in three years after that? Surely Kishdah could send the wiga now?’ He didn’t expect Yngvi to answer that question so looked at Lile’s advisors.

Tuathal responded. ‘I believe that they are currently planning to put down a rebellion within their demesne, and will have wiga available after that time – and the rest after they have consolidated their hold over the rebellion.’

‘Did they say where the rebellion was?’

‘No, Eaorl, I do not know. It was never mentioned to me.’

Conn smiled. ‘Well, I know where. Here. As soon as they have finished with us; they are going to start on you. This should be fun.’

They sent Yngvi back to his cell and the Sythans away as well; while Conn discussed the events with his advisors. They needed a new plan; on top of the plan that was about to unfold.



The next day, Conn had Alfvir brought to the training area.

‘You sent for me, Eaorl,’ he snarled.

‘I did. I hear that you have been doing a lot of practise during your time in the sun. My wiga speak highly of your skills.’

He bowed. ‘I have always been considered one of the best.’

‘Good, good. Then I guess it is time to test your skills again. I have a proposal. I have captured one of your ships, and I’m accepting it as your ransom…’

‘An Axum ships – that is not possible!’

‘You insist on saying that.’ Conn signalled and the guards brought out the crew of the cog – along with Yngvi.

When they saw who it was, the Ancuman immediately fell to their knees and bowed respectfully to the Aebeling. The guards dragged them up and sat them on seats overlooked the training arena. Conn addressed Alfvir. ‘Do you recognize them?’

‘Yes, Yngvi is one of my father’s trusted advisors. He has been on a mission …’ He stopped; regretting having opening his mouth.

‘That’s all right; I know about the mission. Anyway, I have the boat and the gold – and the girl! So I’m going to let you go – I’m keeping the girl though. Some time ago I managed to capture another of your ships off the coast of Gatina – it was much smaller than this one, so I’m going to swap.’

‘You have the girl? But my brother’s plans…’ As he asked he looked at Yngvi who nodded in agreement with Conn. ‘You’re letting me go?’

‘Yes, I am. You leave within the week. The only question is if you have the big boat or the small boat.’ Conn tossed him his broadsword and his armour. ‘If you defeat me – or kill me – you get the big boat. If you don’t, you get the small boat. That is my deal.’

Alfvir strapped on his armour. ‘I guess that I will have to take the big boat then.’

An hour later, Alfvir was struggling to stand; exhausted and battered, he tried one last time to sever Conn’s head with the broadsword but failed yet again; this time looking in shock as the side of Conn’s sword hit him in the side of the head and he fell to his knees, and then his face; semi unconscious.

Conn concluded the exercise with a suggestion. ‘I guess it’s the small boat.’

Conn signalled to the Ancuman to come and take their prince away; retrieving his sword as a trophy. In a few days, the other cog would arrive and when food supplies had been transferred from the bigger vessel to the small, they would be allowed to leave.

The Sythans were also watching the demonstration; suitably impressed, Tuathal asked why he didn’t kill him when he had the chance if they were his enemy.

‘You don’t learn much from dead people. He didn’t know it but he taught me everything he knew – every technique that he was ever taught. I will now teach the wiga who will go into battle against the Ancuman in about ten years. Less of us will die; more of them – always my preferred outcome.’

He walked them to the donjon. ‘Have some lunch – I will be back soon; I’m just going to wash off the mud and dust. I have a proposal for you.’



Conn returned a short while later in the main hall and joined them to eat. They watched him silently as he collected his meal and sat down beside Lile. ‘So tell me again of this war you are fighting.’

Lile began. ‘Our land, as great as it is, has been the home to four different groups of people since memory. We live in the north and we are known as the Sythans – the entire land is known as Sytha. To our south are the Cimmerians; east are the Pontians, while the Samarians and Bactrians live to the west. Also to our east in the mountains live the traitorous Twacuman.’

She said this last bit without delight—almost with resentment. Conn remembered that she had not met any of the Halani since she had been here. Derryth was due any day. It should be an interesting meeting.

‘You don’t like the Twacuman?’

She shook her head; ‘No, the Twacuman have betrayed us. Once they were our allies but they have sided with the Pontians against us.’

Conn was surprised. ‘They fight with the Pontians?’

‘No; they do not fight but they let the Pontians ride through their forest and attack the settlements in the Mark of Rila. Our forces cannot follow them so they attack without reprisal.’

‘Mark of Rila? Is it not an Eaorldom?’

Turlough shook his head. ‘We have Eaorldoms and Marks – the Marks are on the border.’

Conn nodded his understanding. He had heard of a similar system before. ‘So is Rila unable to defend its people?’

Lile looked to Turlough, the bocere, who answered for her. ‘Rila is a long way from Sytha. The town is based around a harbor and around the harbor is a lot of rich farming land – some of the best in Sytha. Because it is so far away, it is impossible to defend as it joins the great forest. All attempts to protect the people have failed so they have left and moved to the town of Sytha and its walls. Without the farms, the people cannot eat so they have moved to other parts of the Sytha. Rila is almost deserted now.’

‘The Marquis?’ Conn presumed that would be the title of the owner.

‘The last Marquis died in battle – his heirs declined to accept the challenge and forfeited the demesne.’

Conn sat and contemplated the situation. It was strange and deserved further consideration.

‘Why do you war against the Pontians?’

Lile answered this time. ‘Over land – what else do men fight over? A hundred years ago a war was fought that ended in a treaty that gave us a large tract of land to our north – the high plains that separate the two lands. About seventy years later, the Pontians have decided that they will not accept the treaty anymore and have taken the land back. Without notice, they attacked our settlements; evicted all our farmers and destroyed the Cirices. We have been fighting ever since to regain that piece of land back.’

Conn was confused. ‘So how does that tie in with the Twacuman?’

‘As Turlough said, the land in Rila is very rich and prosperous – now it is deserted and unproductive because of the attacks of the Pontians. Not only did it feed the people of Rila but also the people of the other parts of Sytha as well. Rila is much missed and it is the Twacuman who have allowed this to happen.’

Conn smiled; ‘The Pontians are obviously very well advised. You mentioned that you had lost contact with the Samarians. When did that happen?’

Turlough responded. ‘It must be over a hundred year since they visited...’

‘Would that be about the same time as the Pontians attacked the highlands?’

‘About the same, yes…’

‘It does seems that you have some serious problems. It may be that I can help.’

‘My father was interested in all options – which is why we had the treaty with the Ancuman.’

‘Have the Ancuman always been welcome in Sytha?’

Turlough answered for them. ‘No – eight hundred years ago they were banished. It is only the last hundred years or so that we have seen their return.’

As Conn contemplated all this information, they sat and ate. Later Wuffa returned to the table and handed Conn a parchment, which he passed to Turlough. As he read the document, the surprise on his face was noticeable. Conn commenced the discussion by stating the obvious.

‘Lile, let me tell you something about Meshech. Do you know of someone called Osstan?’

The Sythans were shocked at the mention of his name. Conn continued. ‘From your expression, I can see that you do. Well, my daughters over there are descendants – in fact everyone one in this room is a descendant. Nearly everyone in Meshech is your kin.’

Lile was speechless. ‘So this is where Osstan went when he left Sytha. We have great poems about him – and how he left on fifty ships and disappeared never to be seen again.’ She looked at Conn intently. ‘Are you kin as well?

‘No, but I have been able to help the Silekians – as the Sytha are called here in Meshech, and I will do what I can to help you as well.’

She looked at Turlough. ‘So what are you proposing?’

‘I have given Turlough a document for a treaty between your father and myself that would achieve the same outcome as the one with the Axum; just not as generous to me. I will return half the gold that he offered the Ancuman, and will send three companies of archers and two companies of cavalry – I assume that horses can be sourced in Sytha – to your father within the three months, and at least another five hundred cavalry – within a year after the agreement. In exchange I will accept your sacrifice to be bedda and that Eaorldom that is deserted – what was the name of it again?’

Turlough replied, confused. ‘Rila?’

‘Yes, Rila…’

‘Why Rila? I said that it has been almost deserted for years. It has no value.’

Conn shrugged. ‘Did you not say that it has a good harbour? I like good harbours.’

Lile was stunned. ‘What you offer is much greater than what you get in return. I don’t understand – though my father would be mad not to agree.’

‘I hope he feels that way. I will arrange for a ship to take Tuathal and Turlough back to Sytha to get his approval. It will leave in a few days – I would like your assistance at choosing a cargo that would generate some income for the captain and crew. It has one of my best Captains in charge.’

Turlough said he would be delighted to help. He even helpfully suggested wine.

Conn changed the subject, ‘Tuathal, while we wait, I’m going for a trip to inspect my fyrd at training. I will be away for five days. I would welcome your opinion, if you would care to travel with me.’

Tuathal said that he would be honoured, and as they walked out Tuathal asked about the size of his Fyrd. He was astounded at the answer.

‘Three thousand! That’s extraordinary. How can anyone afford to maintain such a number?’

‘With lots of clever accounting, I can assure you.’



By the time Conn and Tuathal had returned from Azaba, the smaller cog was in harbor and ready to leave. Eggar was also ready to depart with Tuathal and Turlough, and they farewelled them first

It seems that the voyage should take no more than three to four weeks each way – it took nearly six weeks for the Ancuman boat, and given that his boat was sleeker and faster, it would be quicker – the only problem was that they didn’t really know where they were going. Conn expected the vessel back with ten weeks. They had taken copies of all maps and notes that the Ancuman had in their ship and Eggar had determined he couldn’t miss Sytha – it was after all very big.

The seaworthiness of the schooner was second to none, Conn also sent a company of archers for security, and a boat full of cargo to make the trip profitable. They had rations on board for a six months. Conn wished him well and waved them off. Wuffa was there to act on his behalf; Conn wished he was going instead.

A day later, they farewelled the Ancuman, releasing the chains on Alfvir as they let him on to the ship. He still had a few defiant words as he sailed away.

‘Next time, Eaorl, the result will be different! You will wish that you killed me when you had the chance.’

‘For better or worse, Alfvir, this time I have left you alive. Next time, we shall see. Bon voyage.’

Everything had been transferred from the bigger boat to the smaller. Nothing was missing except the gold – not a single map.

Fainche stood with Conn as the vessel sailed out of sight. Despite the fact that Fainche was a regular visitor to his room at night – she would come and then leave after her needs were sated, she was still somewhat hostile. It seemed that she hated herself for visiting him but couldn’t help herself. Conn was happy to be of assistance. He wasn’t selfish like that.

‘I don’t understand you Eaorl – I don’t know why you left him alive either. Nothing good can come of it to my thinking.’

Conn looked at her and smiled. ‘Fainche, we shall see. Killing people is not always the answer.’





Chapter 20


With the river finally safe to cross, Conn’s fyrd heading down the mountainside into Silekia, and gathered on the other side. It took a day to get everyone across but there was no resistance – they were certainly seen – but their scouts ran into a scouting party of Conn’s and surrendered before dying. The sheer scale of the invading force would have put off anyone looking.

Conn then led a fyrd of five companies of Sagittari towards Tegeste – it would take several days but he didn’t expect to meet anyone along the way – they knew better than to take Conn’s wiga on in open combat. The defenders would be confident behind their walls – which, even for him, could take a lot of time to break down, and he didn’t have the time. The Ancuman who had built the walls so many years before had done a thorough job. Conn rode alongside Derryth, and behind him were the young Eaorls about to be reunited with their demesne – Eirnin of Tegeste, Uileog of Azali, and Godfred il Jader. Alduni had to stay in Atrak as he was still too young. He was not happy.

It had been a memorable day a week earlier when Derryth had arrived with two hundred Twacuman cavalry. Lile and Fainche were visiting Azaba with his daughters and standing with Conn in the bailey of the barracks when the troop rode in on Elfina – the Twacuman were riding the overo again.

As Derryth dismounted from the horses, his girls rushed him, almost knocking him off his feet in hugs. Lile, on the other hand, rushed to hide behind Conn. Derryth finally disengaged himself from the kids and walked towards Conn. He stopped to stare.

‘Conn, why is that girl hiding behind you?’ He asked as he and Conn then embraced.

Derryth then looked her up and down. ‘In fact who is she? I have never seen her before and I never forget a face.’

Conn did the introductions.

‘Well, you don’t see one of those every day – a real Sythan.’ Derryth added. ‘Does she speak?’

Conn nodded. ‘Hardly stops. Just very nervous of Twacuman.’ Conn explained the whole story,

Derryth was put out. ‘Whenever I go away something really interesting happens. I don’t think I’m going to go away any more. As for being traitors, that is not in our nature. Something very wrong must have happened.’

‘I agree – something for another day.’

Lile finally decided that he weren’t dangerous after all and walked out into the open – she was after all the daughter of a Healdend and a Folgere.

Derryth held out his hand. ‘Welcome to Meshech, Lile il Sytha. Any friend of the Feorhhyrde is a friend of mine.’

Lile shook Derryth’s hand, and then looked at Conn. She spoke feebly. ‘Did he call you Feorhhyrde?’

Conn nodded.

Derryth looked at him curiously. ‘Did you not think to tell her that?’

‘Hadn’t even occurred to me. Why?’

‘She will know about the medallion because it came from Sytha where it had a long history. It was given to Osstan when he came to Meshech.’

Conn was bemused. ‘And you didn’t think to tell me that?’

Derryth shook his head deadpanned. ‘I didn’t know you wanted to know and you didn’t ask.’

‘I didn’t ask! No one gave me a history lesson when Caewyn gave it to me did they? She just put it over my neck.’ Conn paused. ‘Let me think now; I wear a medallion from Sytha some thousand year old, and the daughter of the Sythan Healdend just drops in on my doorstep after, what, six hundred years. Does anyone see a pattern in all of this?’

Derryth shook his head. ‘Only that you are very, very lucky. Conn, she doesn’t look well.’

Lile finally succumbed to her shock and fainted. It had all been too much for her. Luckily she fell into Conn’s arms and he carried her back into the donjon. Some smelling salts and she should be back on her feet in no time. Unfortunately she didn’t get to spend much time with Derryth as the girls returned to Atrak soon after. Fainche also returned; she had asked if she could remain with Njil on the schooner rather than staying in Atrak. Conn agreed as Lile was doing the same.

Conn had expected Elva to come with Derryth, but Derryth told him that she had to do something for Caewyn. They both knew that it didn’t pay to argue with Caewyn. He hadn’t expected the two hundred wiga that did arrive with Derryth.

‘Caewyn said that she promised you a fyrd when you needed one – she thinks you need one now. And don’t look at me like that – I just do what I’m told.’

‘I grateful – truly I am – but I didn’t see the need to risk the Twacuman at this time.’

‘Nearly every female in Halani is pregnant – everyone here is a father already. Caewyn is not concerned. What will happen, will happen.’



Once in Silekia, the fyrd split into two; Conn led half towards Tegeste while Wilga led the other half towards Emona. Yet another fyrd was leaving Salvia, being led by Cathal, the Eaorl of Salvia. Together they would perform a version of the blitzkrieg, albeit as fast as was possible on horseback!

Following behind them waiting were an even larger number of people under the command of the Logistics Corp; tilia, craeftiga, engineers, medics, while similar skills and a hundred Valkeri waited on ships at sea under the command of Njil. With him were dozens of cargo ships. He was intending to remove all Rakian control from Silekia by the end of autumn at the latest, and it was necessary that those liberated would be able to survive the next winter. He didn’t imagine that there was going to be lot of resources left after the Rakians left.

The fyrds were highly decorated. Wilgar il Melnik led a fyrd shield, tabards and guidons displaying the red goose that was Melnik; while the Eaorl of Salvia, with his raging boar emblem, was to ‘attack’ his neighbour Sirido. Cathal had within his wiga a squad under the leadership of Eadrys, the Eaorl of Sirido, who had returned from Silekia a few weeks earlier. His squad of fifty were wearing the sheep device of Sirido on their shields and tabards.

Conn had been preparing the uniforms for some time; Hama had tabards and shields prepared for all Silekian Earldoms – and those that were leaving from Silekia had the uniforms delivered to them by ship. The Eaorl of Tegeste had the flying gull on gold and green, while Azali had the Rooster on black and green. Silekian families all shared the base of green in their crests. The Eaorl of Jader had a prancing stallion device.

‘If nothing else, they are very colorful.’ Derryth comment dryly as he looked at the sea of shields and guidons behind him. ‘Perhaps the bright colors will scare our enemies to death.’

‘You doubt their abilities?’ Conn did – almost half the force he led wasn’t trained by him.

‘Not as much as I appreciate their enthusiasm. Still, we are going to leave a lot of these behind as we go aren’t we?’

‘We are – The Eaorls will keep their squads with them to secure their demesnes. Even so, if you are standing on the walls of Tegeste and you see all these colourful shields, wouldn’t you be fearful.’

‘Impressed yes – but only fearful of one of them.’ He tapped Conn’s golden sun shield, ‘This one.’ All Twacuman in the fyrd wore the golden sun, as did the remnants of his fyrd from Trokia. Amongst the Silekians, there were Moesians and Trokians as well; all highly trained.

Since the campaign commenced a few days earlier, the inhabitants of the castle would have been confronted by an armada of ships with that very sign – Njil had commenced a blockade of the harbour – and every ship prevented from while nothing entered. For the last day Njil would have been practising with his new toy, an on-board catapult, and using it to destroy some non-essential battlements and walls – just to show that it could be done.

By the time Conn and the fyrd arrived at the outskirts of Tegeste, it was evening; they had not been engaged at all – all guard posts had been abandoned and all wiga moved back to defend the castle or abandoned their posts. This was confirmed by the people they passed; none showed fear of the approaching fyrd because they were told that they had nothing to fear. It was after all led by their rightful Eaorl, and the bowed to the young man as he passed. Some older ones came out and shook his hand.

Conn hoped to capture the castle without spilling too much blood, and to do so he had enlisted the help of an old friend. Some years ago a stable boy named Imar had helped him out, now he had called on him again to help him in. No longer a stable boy, he had become one of the wealthiest merchants in Tegeste. The money he received from Conn had allowed him to purchase a small store and when Rory visited Tergeste, he surprised everyone by asked Imar to be his sole agent in Tergeste – as well as giving him a daughter as bedda. Some years later, that arrangement allowed Imar to accumulate great wealth.

He had also been Conn’s main source of information within the town, and his conduit to getting the message out that the rightful Eaorl was returning and if you didn’t want to be killed in the crossfire, you stayed indoors, kept your head down or surrendered very quickly.

They were in sight of the walls and on the outskirts of Tergestek when a Rakian arrived. He handed Conn a message; Conn handed him a gold Ryal. He bowed and disappeared into the night.

Conn read it and nodded. ‘Right. No surrender as expected, so in we go.’ Conn had sent a demand that the donjon surrender. He had used one of the scouts captured earlier as the messenger.

Uileog of Azali, Major of his fyrd, immediately gave instructions and very soon drummers started to play a beat, getting the message out; and with the order received, Captains took their squads and headed out to surround the town; to play their role in the charade that was to be the attack on Tergestek.

This plan had to wait, however, so the fyrd settled in and watched, well out of arrow range. Finally, at two in the morning, Conn led a group of twenty Twacuman silently through the streets of Tegeste, on foot.

An hour later, they arrived on the river bank next to the outside wall of the castle; they had walked in the darkness to the where Conn had escaped so many years previously. Imar had informed him that the doorway was no longer at ground level; it was now five yards above ground level, and he need to be able to get up there if he was to let them in.

Below the doorway, in the thickets at the base of the wall, Conn had a ladder assembled; he had brought several pieces of bamboo that he fixed together into a single six yard pole, and with steps inserted, Conn was able to climb up to the door. He felt a little exposed as he knocked on it twice.

It squeaked as it opened. A torch flared as the outside air hit the flame.

‘About time; the air in here is dry and smelly. I’ve been waiting for hours.’ It was Imar.

‘What do you mean ‘hours’,’ Conn retorted, ‘We are right on schedule.’ He greeted the young man warmly as his group scampered up the pole into the secret tunnel. It was tight squeeze.

‘Well, I got here early.’ He passed around torches and they lit them to expose the narrow and winding tunnel. Derryth led the group through. And they got to the inside door, Derryth stooped, while Imar open it without concern.

‘Eaorl, you will be happy to know that I was finally able to purchase all the property around this doorway – no one seems to know about it anymore, anyway. So the entrance is now in the middle of one of my warehouses.’

Conn thanked him and looked around the large barn; there was a tower at the back of the room.

‘What’s that?’

‘That’ said Imar ‘is something I had built to fix the roof… but it is really just a ladder that will get you to within a yard of the castle walls. I couldn’t get any closer.’

Without instruction, the Twacuman started climbing the ladder and carefully pushed through the hatch. They signalled the all clear, and they filed out on to the roof and wall. Conn was the last to go up.

‘A yard, Imar, is more than close enough. Thank you. Now keep your head down – no heroics – we don’t want to accidently kill you in the crossfire. I’ll see you again after it is all over.’

As Conn cleared the opening and replaced the hatch, he watched Derryth and half the group turn right towards the gate, while Conn followed the other half as it went left towards the donjon. Derryth was to secure the front gate and get it open at sunrise, about an hour away. As they inched along the azure towards the next set of bastions, they could hear conversations between the inhabitants – the Ratakian officer was ordering several wiga to patrol. As he stepped out to the azure, however, an arrow ended the conversation. The Silekians immediately surrendered. Conn asked them to patrol the other way; towards the next bastion. As they got closer, the Ratakian officer ordered them to halt.

‘What do you think you are doing? You are supposed to be patrolling the other way! They turned and headed back until it was just Conn that stood in front of him and he noticed that a sword was an inch now from his throat.

‘Let’s head back very quietly to the bastion – if you want to stay alive.’ Conn ordered. The Ratakian turned back along the wall and opened the door into the guard room. As expected, most were Rakians and after the first three died, the rest surrendered. Conn looked out; there was only one expanse of azure from the bastion into the donjon; a gate securing access to the tower. It was times like this he wished he had a watch – but there was only a minute or two before the sun peaked over the horizon. The lack of men on the azure was going to be noticed very soon – and it was only incompetence that stopped them noticing now.

Almost immediately, the sun arrived, and two new things happened. The first was a barrage of mud balls from the catapults on Njil’s ships – they were specially designed to create a distraction more than anything, and they rained down on the seaward side. The second thing was that the front gates started to open and the drummers outside started a new beat – and as men inside the bailey rushed to defend the front gate they very quickly ran into a company of Sagittari, some of Conn’s best with experience from Trokia, and displaying golden suns shields, charging towards them, led by Uileog of Azali, and a hail of arrows from the Twacuman on the Azure near the gate..

It didn’t take long for the Silekian wiga to surrender and severely outnumbered, the Rakians did the same.

With everyone’s focus on the gate and bailey, Conn rushed out along the azure to the donjon – he knew there were Ancuman there because as he got closer, he began to feel the presence of the Gyden of the house of Axum. She Gyden was angry – again. Nothing seemed to be going her way.

As Conn and Eirnin and two Twacuman wiga headed along the azure towards the donjon, wiga rushed out – the Rakians died – while the Silekians took the opportunity to surrender. The door open, Conn made their way into the third level of the tower, and found the stairs that led them down to where they could hear the Eaorl – there was a lot of yelling and screaming, and they found him in the main chamber – on the second level.

Conn and Eirnin rushed through the doorway; four Rakian guards rush to defend their Eaorl but quickly died. The intruders now looked at the four remaining men. The last four included the Ancuman; another woman, also tall and elegant, the Eaorl, and two Rakian advisors. Conn could hear the Gyden in the Ancuman’s head as she recognized him. She removed her sword and headed for him, while the two advisors ran to a corner of the room and sat on the floor – their hands up.

‘Cowards!’ Mundy, Eaorl of Tegeste yelled as he drew his sword.

‘All yours.’ Conn offered Eirnin.

‘Thank you, Eaorl. Hello Uncle, I have come to avenge my father and grandfather.’

Mundy laughed – ‘Eirnin, is that you? My, you have grown. I was really disappointed when that Moetian bitch of a mother of yours stole you from the castle. How dare she make that decision? I wanted to kill you, and I wanted to have her. I planned to defile her daily – bitch! Still, at least I get part of my dream.’

In the meanwhile the Ancuman woman circled Conn while she looked at the Twacuman wiga standing guarding the doorway, confused. ‘How it is that the Twacuman would side with a Priecuman. Very strange.’

The wiga ignored her and spoke to Conn. ‘We’ll guard the hallway’.

‘Thanks Algiva, we won’t be long.’

She twirled her sword. ‘So you are the one that is causing all our problems – putting off the inevitable and giving the Priecuman false hopes.’

‘You know that this day is lost.’

‘Perhaps – but at least you will be dead – I will avenge those that have died.’

‘Not sure why you can succeed when others have failed – there is only one of you. If Fara and her boy couldn’t kill me – nor Alfvir – what makes you think that you can? Ask your Gyden what she thinks of me – we have met before…’

She was surprised. ‘My Gyden…. how…’ She stopped herself, and snarled. ‘So they are dead... and Alfvir too?’

‘No, he isn’t dead – though the rest are; the other five. I’ve sent him back home on a small boat with a whole bunch of others I captured. I kept the ship.’

‘I think you like to tell tales, Feorrancund. Enough talk, it is time for you to die.’ She engaged Conn with a high level of ferocity; her large sword heavy against the lighter katana. Conn kept thinking he should have brought his broadsword. It was on his horse. But like always she was not as quick as Conn, nor ultimately as skilled, and the realization that this was going to be difficult dawned relatively quickly, as every intended lethal stroke failed to achieve its goal.

Behind them Mundy was fighting the good fight with his nephew but losing. The boy had been intensely trained by the best in the business. She paused when she saw Mundy fall; the young man had avenged his father.

Conn asked her to reconsider. ‘You have no choice – the day is lost – please surrender.’

‘To surrender is to become Theow. I will not be Theow to any man – let alone you. It is bad enough that I had to let that’ she indicated to the fallen Mundy ‘thing think he was giving me pleasure as he fondled my body and had his way with me. Disgusting.’

‘There must be a middle way.’ He blocked another savage blow and pushed her off to the side.

‘Not for the Axum.’ Conn could hear her Gyden urging her on… ‘Kill! Kill! Kill!’

Her death came minutes later – she pushed too hard and too fast and Conn sadly had no choice. As she lay dying, the wakizashi imbedded in her chest; the Gyden screamed her hate until she too was gone. Conn retrieved the wakizashi, collected her necklace and sword, shaking his head. ‘Such a dreadful waste...’



Soon the castle and the town were under total Silekian control, and all Rakians wiga were gathered up and taken to the great hall where they waited judgement. Conn’s wiga systematically collected the deceased, and had the Silekians wiga prepared a funeral pyre. Before they were placed on the pyre, each was identified, and after all the deceased had been properly dealt with, the pyre was lit. It burnt for some hours.

As this was happening, Njil docked and unloaded the hundred Valkeri who would provide security over the castle until the end of the war; replacing the wiga who had served Mundy. Carts, mules, and thousands of tonnes of supplies was then unloaded from the next fifty vessels that docked in the harbour. It would take days. Njil also had a special passenger – Onora, Eirnin’s mother. Conn had requested that she join her son back in Tegeste, and she had brought her bedda, a Moesiak wiga.

While Conn had Eirnin and his mother meet with all the Silekians within the donjon, Conn spoke to all the Rakian, giving them a choice – make a vow of loyalty to Eirnin or get on a boat – some of the Rakians ships that had been captured over the last week were available to take human cargo back to Rakia. Surprisingly, or not unsurprisingly given that he learnt that many were refugees from Fallon’s wrath, all elected to stay in Tergeste, and were more than happy to bow their heads to Eirnin. Conn impressed upon them that the wrath they feared from Fallon would be nothing like what they would face from him if they betrayed that oath.

Conn had planned to stay in the town one night, and had Logistics prepare a huge feast as a celebration. As the main guest, he sat at a table at the front of the great hall, with Eirnin, his mother Onora, and a members of the Witan. Because the Eaorl had betrayed Silekia, many of the Thanes were still the original families; and were known to Onora, and welcomed by her. Imar was another special guest, and sat between Conn and Derryth. As they ate, Eirnin asked permission from Conn for Rheda, his daughter, to join him in Tergeste.

‘With your blessing, I would like her to be my bedda.’

It was a good match but not good politics.

‘You have my blessing but that is some time away – eight years – surely you will take bedda before that.’

He shook his head. ‘No, I would like Rheda to be my primary bedda – I will wait.’

Having Rheda as his primary would mean that her children would be the next Eaorl – if she had a boy. ‘As you wish. That raises a question – who do you nominate as your heir? Mundy has only daughters – and eight years is a long time.’

Eirnin looked at his mother.

‘His father line is of the house of Ilissus – in Rakia now but it was once in Silekia – and we had a visit from the Thane some years ago. I think he would be Eirnin closest male kin. I think his name is … Ceolred or something – I only met him once.’

Conn asked if Tergeste had always been of the House of Ilissus.

‘No – the original house ran out of sons, and the last Eaorl of that house had a grandson from Ilissus that he chose as his heir.’

The number of times that the former Earldom of Ilissus popped up in conversation was starting to irk Conn but there was little he could do about it. He then turned to Imar and asked an unexpected question.

‘Imar – who is your progenitor?’

Imar was surprised and had to think for a moment. ‘My progenitor? I believe that would be Alhart – Alhart il Ilissus.’

Conn shook his head in frustration while Derryth laughed. Eirnin and his mother were very surprised. ‘You also descend from the Eaorls of Ilissus?’

‘Yes – the fifth son of the third bedda of Cynhard. My ancestor became bedda to the heiress of a merchant family, and my line have been merchants or artisans ever since. My uncle owns the livery where we first met.’

Conn had a question. ‘Is there anything significant about Alhart?’

To answer the question Onora sent for a bedda of one of the Thane – she was an aunt to Eirnin and her name was Blerung. The question repeated to her brought a knowing nod of her head.

‘There are several named Alhart in our family – the first arrived on the boats from Sytha. The most famous however was the third Alhart – also called the kidnapper – he was the Folctoga of the fyrd of the last Casere – Goibniu – and is famous for marching the Fyrd the entire length and breadth of Meshech. It took several years.’

Conn’s interest was piqued. ‘Why was he called “kidnapper”.’

‘It is said that, during his march around Meshech, he kidnapped a Folgere from the Cirice in Gatina and made her his bedda. That Folgere is ancestor to all of us because he was old and childless when he stole her and they had one son – Cynhard – who had lots of children.’

‘I would assume then that stealing a Folgere is not acceptable…’

‘No – but it was strange that he wasn’t punished. Goibniu didn’t send a fyrd to rescue the Folgere as has happened at other times when Folgere are taken…’



Later Conn stopped the feast and spoke to them all; impressing upon them the difficult job that lay ahead, and the support they would receive from other parts of Meshech. He then took the opportunity to single out those that had been of significant help. He first explained his medal system – amazement had been expressed already of the medals that many of his men wore – Njil had several, as did Uileog and Godfred. Conn had insisted they wear their formal uniform for the feast, and the wearing of medals was part of that. Presentation was everything.

To those wiga, Captains and Majors, that were present and weren’t continuing on, he awarded them the Silekian campaign medals and any valor medals as appropriate. To Eirnin il Tergeste, he awarded a Gold Star for Valor. The young man had been particularly brave in insisting on his right to defend his father’s honor; and to Uileog he awarded the Gold Start for Valor in leading the Sagittari into the bailey.

Conn than called out Imar; and addressed the gathering.

‘In recognition and reward for his service to Silekia, I grant Imar the rank of Knight Commander in the Order of the Cirice. For this moment on he is to be referred to as Sir Imar; his family will now be able to use the term “von Alhart” as a surname. He is also allocated as permanent chair, as Counsel, to the Witan of Silekia, and I hope that he might also serve Tergeste in that capacity as well.’

Conn than pinned the large gold breast star to the jacket of a very surprised merchant, and then collected another medal and fixed it near the Star.

‘I am also awarding Sir Imar von Alhart a Silver Star for Gallantry; for his bravery in the events leading to the liberation of Tergeste.’

Imar looked down at the medals. ‘I don’t know what to say.’

‘Serve the Eaorl and your homeland well – that is all you need to do.’ Conn shook his hand and then clapped as Sir Imar returned to his table.



After not more than thirty six hours, Conn and Derryth left Tergeste to join the Silekians fyrd as they waited on the road to Azali – he felt that the young Eaorl would do fine – he had his mother at his side, a squad of Valkeri to ensure his safety, and Silekian wiga and bocere trained in Hama and Atrak to guide him in the management of his demesne.

The fyrd had departed Tegeste as soon the castle had fallen and set up camp just out of town. Conn rode in as they waited to leave, and he led them north.

Azali was a twelve day march from Tegeste, and as they passed into the demesne, they found evidence of the Rakians settlers having left in a hurry – many of the villages lay deserted of wiga or Thanes. Uileog divided his fyrd as he went, leaving behind wiga to protect the tilia, and those Thanes that remained who were Silekian, their wiga were gone as they were all Rakian. The villages themselves were in a remarkable state of disrepair, and much like Hama and Haran when Conn arrived so many years ago. The young Eaorl held back his tears to see them in such a state of neglect. They however were the happiest they had been in years – and grateful for the promise of help over the next days and months.

After camping in a field for the night, two days from Azali, Conn was sitting on his stallion waiting for Uileog to return from speaking to a Thane when a tilia passed him by on the way to the fields. The old man stopped and looked at him. Conn smiled and said hello.

‘Is it true that Tegeste is back with Alhart’s house?’

‘Alhart? Yes, the son of Lasren is now Eaorl again. Mundy is dead.’

The old man nodded. ‘That is good – it is said that Mundy was not his father’s son.’ He looked in the direction of Azali. ‘Do you seek to remove the Eaorl of Azali as well?’

‘I seek to remove all the Rakians.’

He nodded slowly. ‘It would seem that you have both the means and the desire. A rare combination. Still, it would be sad if Seoirse were to die – he has treated us well – despite what you see around you here. Things could have been worse – he protected as much as he could but the wiga were never under his authority.’

Conn was getting increasingly suspicious of old people. ‘Any other advice?’

The old man chuckled. ‘The best advice I had was from my grandfather. He said that not everything is always as it seems’.

When Derryth and Uileog joined him they headed out to join the fyrd as it marched. Derryth looked behind him at the old guy as they passed, shaking his head in confusion.

Conn noticed the action. “A problem?’

‘No… it’s just …I don’t really know. What did he say?’

‘Never judge a book by its cover… or something similar.’



Given that it was midsummer, and harvesting was happening, Conn had his fyrd do its best not to destroy fields as this harvest was the difference between life and death for many. They reached Azali by sunset two days later, and set up camp around on the outskirts. After arriving in the village, they learnt that there were about twenty Ratakians behind the palisades with the Eaorl; of which only about five were wiga, and the wiga had collected hostages from the village – young women and children. Conn assured the villagers that he wouldn’t storm the walls and get anyone killed unnecessarily. Conn pointed to the fields.

‘Shouldn’t you have started harvesting already?’

The friman shrugged. ‘We do not have the manpower – many that were here were Rakians and most have fled.’

‘Would you like my men to help?’

It was too good an offer to refuse and seven hundred men can make short work of a fair acreage in a couple of days.

Meanwhile, he sent a request to those holed up behind the palisades that they should surrender. They refused, so Conn decided that some evening entertainment was appropriate – he had the MacLeod pipe band play – he had three members in his fyrd – intermittently throughout the night – just let they get to sleep and then wake them up. All through the day as well.

Derryth had never heard of the concept of cruel and unusual torture but he would have put bagpipe music on the list if he could.

On the second night, he started complaining. ‘If this doesn’t work today – I’m joining Wilgar’s fyrd.’ He stopped to consider. ‘He doesn’t have bagpipes does he?’

Conn said no.

‘Good, I changing fyrds.’

‘He had drummers.’

‘Drummers? Gyden, I hate drummers as well. War should be silent – all this noise is driving me crazy.’

They had a small catapult with them; it fitted to the back of pack mules and then could be assembled for whatever purposed he wanted. They had perfected a rotten egg stink bomb and they started hurling those over the walls.

Derryth shook his head. ‘You have a very nasty streak.’

‘I should be killing innocent people instead?’

‘Tough call… bagpipe music and stink bombs. I’m leaning towards death – certainly if I’m on the inside.’

To Derryth’s great relief, a rider came out from the village at sunrise on the third day with a white flag to request a parley. Conn agreed; told him to send the Eaorl anytime he wanted; he would be happy to chat, and his safety would be guaranteed.

A while later, a Ratakian with a girl came riding out.

Conn laughed. ‘He must think that we wouldn’t kill him in front of his child.’

Conn had the visitors escorted into his tent and provided stools for the Eaorl and his daughter. Behind Conn stood Derryth and Uileog. When the Eaorl saw Derryth, he paused in shock, but regained his composure. Behind them was a carefully staged arrangement of a hundred wiga in tabards and shields. To one side stood fifty Twacuman wiga. It would have been an intimidating sight.

‘Your name?’ Conn asked as he sat down.

‘Seoirse, Eaorl of A…’

‘Stop, I don’t recognize that title, so tell me who you really are… before this charade.’

He considered his position for a moment, before answering. ‘Seoirse il Soloes, Folctoga, – my father was the Eaorl, and my brother is the current Eaorl. This is my daughter Séarlait.’

‘I am Conn il Taransay, Eaorl of Hama in Lyciak. I’m also a friend to the Aebeling of Moetia, Bran, who was murdered by Rakians under the guidance of Ancuman. I’m very annoyed. Last week we liberated Tegeste, and by the end of this year I will have liberated all of Silekia from Ratakian control. This is Uileog, the son of the Eaorl who sat in this village before he was removed by Rakians, and who is going to be Eaorl again tomorrow. You have two options; one that allows you to live or the other that requires you to die. I’m REALLY annoyed that you are hiding behind innocent women and children. What I …’ Conn paused. ‘You said Soloes?’

Seoirse nodded and waited for Conn to continue.

He stopped, contemplated for a moment, and then poured himself a glass of wine, before poured a second that he passed it to the Eaorl. ‘Try this, tell me what you think. I’m a little disappointed that it hasn’t travelled well on the back of a mule. Next time you are in Atrak, you are welcome to drop in and try a better vintage – if of course you are still alive. If you are dead, it is an opportunity missed. Atrak is a town that must be seen to be believed.’

He poured another glass and gave it to the daughter.

‘Séarlait, isn’t?

She nodded. She took a sip.

‘How old are you, Séarlait?’

She answered strongly, defiantly. ‘Seventeen.’ She continued to sip the wine – it was very sweet and delicious.

‘And you are not bedda?’

She was surprised at the question, but chose to answer. ‘Not yet, soon I am to return to Rakiak, to my uncle’s house. I have had offers…’

Seoirse was struggling to follow the discussion. ‘Eaorl, you were giving me two alternatives. One that I could get to live and one when I get to die? I’m unclear which one I should be choosing?’

‘Yes I was, wasn’t I? But you haven’t said what you think of the wine.’

Seoirse was getting quite confused. ‘My apologies Eaorl. It is definitely the best I have ever drunk…’

‘You need to get out more but it is good. Where was I – yes, life and death questions? Well, I’ve scrapped that – I’ve got a better idea. I’ve just remembered a discussion I had recently. Soloes is part of Silekia, and you are mostly Silekians, correct?’

Seoirse nodded. ‘We were given away to avoid a war.’

Conn pointed to Derryth. ‘Do you know who he is?’

‘No, I don’t know him personally but he is Twacuman – our brothers is arms for hundreds of years. I will be honoured if I may shake his hand later. Just don’t…’

Conn ended the statement for him, ‘don’t know how it is possible for him to be here?’

‘Yes… I though it rude to ask given…’

Conn released his jacket button and removed the medallion. ‘Do you recognize this?

Seoirse looked and then shook his head slowly, taking in a deep breath. His daughter looked at him curiously.

‘It is the medallion of the Feorhhyrde. He who is given that medallion is called friend by the Twacuman – and they always help their friends’.

Derryth nodded. ‘I’m going to draw a line at herding animals in the future though.’

Seoirse didn’t understand the joke, and Séarlait was just confused. He continued explaining to his daughter. ‘The ancient Casere had two symbols of power – that medallion and a Torc. The Torc has been lost for centuries….’ He stopped talking as Conn held up his wrist and showed the gold band around his wrist.

‘It isn’t…?’

‘It is… so now that we have established that we are all family here, I have an alternative that doesn’t require you dying – or Séarlait being sold as Theow.’

Séarlait looked startled as Seoirse held out his mug and Conn filled it with wine.

‘It sounds workable…’

‘Father! The Eaorl hasn’t even suggested anything and you have given up…’

He looked at her. ‘The Feorhhyrde you mean – he can ask the Twacuman to murder us in our beds and we can have a dozen wiga in and outside the room and we won’t be able to stop them.’

Derryth smiled, ‘We are very talented….’

Seoirse had another glass of wine. ‘So what am I agreeing to?’

His daughter turned away in displeasure.

‘If Séarlait agrees to be bedda to Uileog – and he agrees – you and your family can stay. We will give you the position of Thane. I am told that you have treated the tilia well; as for the other Rakians, that will be Uileog’s decision as to how he can use them.’

He looked to Uileog, who shrugged. She was particularly beautiful.

Seoirse took a mouthful of wine and nodded. ‘Seems very reasonable to me…’

‘Father! You can’t just give me away to some … stranger...’ She did a quick look up and down his frame. Uileog was a good looking young man.

‘Why not? We get to live; you get to be bedda to an Eaorl who is a friend – and not an enemy – of the Feorhhyrde; win, win in my book.’ She looked away. He raised his voice, ‘Séarlait! Do you know why you are here and not in Rakiak already?’ She shook her head. ‘So I can keep the defiling hands of the Healdend and his “friends” off you. You are beautiful. They will want you for themselves, and if you want to know what that entails, you should ask your mother about her experiences with the Healdend…’

He turned back to Conn.

‘Eaorl, I’ll go back and go through the pretence of making a decision. I’ll also have to subdue a few wiga – been wanting to gut one of them for some time – a cousin of Fallon who likes to claim that he will take Séarlait as bedda once Fallon raises him to Thane. Over my dead body. Anyway, I’ll leave my daughter here to get to know her future bedda.’ He stood up and shook the hand of both Uileog and Derryth, before returning to Conn. ‘Do you perchance want the rest of that skin of wine?’

Conn handed it to him. ‘No, it’s all yours.’

‘Thank you; I’ll be back in a half an hour.’ He looked at his daughter who was still sulking. ‘No, make that an hour.’

‘Father!’

The Eaorl rode back to the village while Séarlait stomped. Conn called her over to the tent, and told her to sit down. She did so under sufferance; she looked down and her arms were folded over her chest.

‘Have you ever heard of silk?

She looked up. ‘Silk? I have – isn’t that some kind of a very expensive cloth?’

‘It is. Now, I’m a bit limited in what I can offer today but I do have something you might be interested in.’ From the extra supplies they carried, Conn had a Happi coat, made of silk, brought to him. It was worn by both men and women under the gambesons – as added protection against arrows.

He handed the garment to her and she held it up to look in wonder and then she caressed the super fine and deeply colored material for some time.

‘It truly is magnificent. Thank you.’

Silk has no enemies – only fond friends.

‘As a gift from me to you for becoming bedda, I will arrange for a full trunk of the best clothing – including silk – in Lykiak to be delivered to you as soon as reasonably possible.’

Derryth was sitting beside Conn. He looked at him in disbelief. ‘Trying to bribe a young girl with clothing – how weak do you think she is? She will never agree…’

Séarlait interrupted him. ‘The latest fashion from Lykiak? My cousin said that there is some in Rakiak and that it is ridiculously expensive… how big will the trunk be?’

By the time the Eaorl had returned, they had decided on the size of the trunk and even done some sizing so it would fit properly. Seoirse was expecting a fight but did not get one. Conn asked him about the wiga.

‘He died far too quickly… I’ll have to pay wergild now for the girls in the village he had defiled. Once he was dead, the others lost heart.’

Most of the fyrd was already on the move when he returned, and Conn performed the bedda ceremony, and left Uileog in charge – he had a squad of a fifty wiga to enforce his will, should it come to that.

Seoirse had a last word before he left. ‘Who is in Tegeste now? Is Mundy dead? I’m sure he killed his father and brother.’

‘Yes; young Eirnin is back in charge.’

The ex Eaorl was surprised; ‘So he lived? Excellent. It is good to see the house of Alhart surviving. We are light on the ground.’

Conn felt like swearing. ‘So you are also of the house of Alhart as well?’

Seoirse nodded. ‘After Fiontan resigned as Eaorl; he was reduced to Thane. A hundred years later his descendants had inherited both Tegeste and Soloes, both houses having run out of sons.’

‘And there still is a Thane?’

‘Ceolred? Yes, he is in Soloes on the coast – he lives in a small fishing village. He maintains his ancestor’s anger.’

Conn rode out with Derryth at the head of the last hundred.

‘Two down, ten to go…’

Derryth smiled as he shook his head at Conn.

‘I am only now just discovering the depths that you will sink to… I thought using bagpipes was low – but clothing…have you no self-respect?’

‘None whatsoever…’





Chapter 21


From the town of Azali to that of Jader was less than seven days and it didn’t take long for signs of the ‘battle’ for Pelva to appear; there was a greater concentration of traffic on the road. Most were Rakians and unluckily for them they quickly found themselves ‘under arrest’, and redirected to Azali under escort. Conn had started out with many more men than he needed because he knew that he was going to lose lots along the way, and his newer squadrons of wiga were directed to lesser tasks. Half way to Jader they found a fyrd waiting for them; Silekians, they easily identified by the black bear of Pelva, and the crossed battle axes of the Healdend of Silekia. Conn had been looking forward to finally meeting the Wealdend.

Conn halted the column by drums and waited and watched as several riders cantering from the west. Conn recognized one as they arrived. They all dismounted.

Conn went and greeted an old friend. ‘Sebbi il Pelva, so good to see you again. What are you doing here? I expected you to be going towards Abri.’ The Eaorl of Pelva was looking fit and healthy. With him was a woman in her early thirties, dressed in battle armour.

‘Conn il Taransay, you can’t imagine how good it is to see you again. I amended your instructions a little. We decided that the best place for us was with you. My Wealdend was desirous of meeting the person who had done so much for her demesne.’ He gestured to the woman at his side. ‘This is Ailidh, Wealdend of Silekia.’

Conn bowed and she bowed back. She seemed bemused at the sight of his fyrd – and of course the two hundred Twacuman. ‘Welcome Wealdend. It is a pleasure to meet you.’ He then introduced them both to Derryth and his commanders. The Eaorl of Jader bowed respectfully.

Ailidh was pretty but she looked tired. ‘They say many things of you, Eaorl, and it seems that some are not wrong – it is unfathomable to me that you Twacuman wiga in your fyrd. The last that I know to do so was my ancestor, Goibniu.’

Derryth answered her. ‘I have a life debt so I’m just hanging around to repay him. The rest are here to help me do that. It’s getting fairly tedious.’

Ailidh wasn’t sure if Derryth was kidding or not, but she smiled in response. Conn invited them all under a large tree where a chairs were set and food and drink prepared.

Sitting, Sebbi decided to commence the briefing. ‘When we were informed of your plans and your ‘request’, we immediately prepared to do as you suggested. The Eaorl of Jasi combined his forces with Gela and as soon as we arrived, the inhabitants fled. I have left my brother in charge while Gela and Jasi return to reinforce Silekia. Ailidh sent most of her wiga with the Folctoga to Abri.’

Conn brought him up to date with events in Tegeste and Azali, and his expectations that the Eaorls of Melnik and Salvia would have united forces by now and on their way to Lugia. He expected contact after Jader.

It was now late, and as they sat, Logistics started to set up camp for the evening – Jader was within a day’s march from their current position, and would be recoverable the next day. Sebbi and Ailidh sat and watched in amazement at the efficiency of the fyrd in preparing the camp and feeding animals and people – but then half of those that marched weren’t fighters.

With the two fryds bedded down for the evening, they retired. Conn had invited Ailidh to stay in his camp; they had a yurt for her, and a hot bath had been prepared for her pleasure. She was delighted to accept. At around midnight, Conn returned to his yurt after inspecting his fyrd – it wasn’t necessary but it was an old habit. He was just inside when Ailidh appeared at his doorway.

Conn was surprised to see her. ‘Wealdend – how can I help you?’

‘May I come in?’

‘Of course.’ He gave her a folding stool to sit on. The low light from the lamps flickered softly around the room. She had changed out of the battle armour that he had manufactured for her and was wearing the undergarment – the silken Happi and it would seem little else. Her hair was wet and it seemed that she had come straight from her bath.

‘Did you enjoy the bath?’

‘It was magnificent – thank you.’

Conn waited.

Well,’ she started, ‘I’ve always found it best to be direct since becoming a widower Wealdend. Would you care to fornicate?’

‘I’d love to...’

~x258~



The next day they were within sight of the villageh by mid-afternoon. Scouts returned to say that they were seeing smoke in the distance. It would seem that the retreating Rakians had suddenly decided to destroy the village as they left.

With an immediate order to advance in haste, Conn led out on the black stallion with the Twacuman in close pursuit. The covered the last few miles in minutes and galloped into Jader with a number of houses burning whilst men tried to set other alight. The former residents of the village had all been moved to a field so that they could watch their homes burn to the ground.

Being on the fastest horses, Conn and the Twacuman were the first to arrive and with their stronger bows, Rakians arsonists started to fall rapidly. A group of ten wiga turned to attack Conn but then turned around and fled as they saw the long line of charging horses coming their way; to their eternal mistake; soon all that remained were empty horses.

Conn’s sudden arrival caused chaos and the Rakian “Eaorl” was still trying to escape before he found the a dozen rides racing through the gates of the palisades. He was the last to die before everyone else surrendered.

Outside, as the fyrd arrived they turned to help the residents save buildings – thatch rooves burnt quickly and well. Soon most of the fires had been extinguished or at least controlled, and most of the village looked like it would survive. Conn rode towards the donjon, and found Godfred, the Eaorl of Jader, inside the walls. He reported in on casualties, survivors and prisoners.

‘Most of the Rakians departed days ago; all those that were here were from Pelva – including the former Eaorl. He died here – he was trying to loot the donjon as we arrived. Some of his men surrendered – they are mostly young men – recent reinforcements.’

Conn followed Godfred inside the hall, and they awaited for the arrival of Sebbi and Ailidh. As soon as Logistics turned up they went to work on the injured as prepared a funeral pyre for the deceased Silekian tilia. The Rakians were buried in a long grave dug by their surrendering colleagues. Logistics also prepared a meal for everyone in the town as they hadn’t eaten properly for some time. It was minimal but it was better than anything they had eaten for a long time.

The next morning, Conn led out the fryd for Melnik; another seven days away, leaving the town in the hands of the young Eaorl. A couple of days out, riders from Wilgar’s fyrd were waiting for him in a small Thane demesne. Conn read the message before passing it to Ailidh.

Derryth looked at him. He liked his information spoken.

Conn indulged him. ‘Both Emona and Sirido are in our hands now – not too much loss of life – except for the Rakians in Emona. The usurper Eaorl had greater ambitions than abilities and led a charge against Wilgar’s troops. His company was totally destroyed.’

‘This has all been too easy? Where are all the Rakians?’

‘In Melnik is my guess. It is close enough to provided support to the other demesne.’

They ran into the fryd a day out of Melnik. They had also been further contact by a messenger from Wilgar’s fyrd. He was on the other side of Melnik; it was surrounded. Conn’s scouts advised that a considerable fyrd of Rakians lay ahead of them – perhaps over a thousand cavalry and infantry waiting for his now diminished force of less than just over five hundred men – including the Wealdend’s wiga.

Derryth looked behind him as men prepared for battle; putting on armour – themselves and their horses in some cases.

‘How many have we got again?’

“Four hundred –give or take.’

‘I’d be happier if it was give or take a thousand. So four hundred against a thousand.’

‘Remember these are all trained by me – they are not any normal four hundred.’

‘I’m glad to hear that. Still think you’re crazy.’

Conn gave the signal and the drummers started drumming and the pipers started piping with Conn’s soundtrack to war. Conn led the Twacuman out and as the crossed on rise in the road they looked down at the Rakian fyrd; they were well position; they had secured a high spot on the next rise, and they were lined up orderly; presenting a formidable line of infantry, with the cavalry in the rear.

The Sagittari, all Twacuman, lined up behind Conn and Derryth and as they started to canter down the hill the riders filed along behind – two lines of a hundred, At bow range Conn went right and Derryth went left and they fanned out and skirted the waiting Rakians; and in five minutes several thousand arrows rained down on the waiting wiga; concentrating their fire at the center of the mass of wiga. Soon, men started to fall, they were not near prepared for such and onslaught and with every man down, it was easier to get the next. Conn and Derryth then doubled back and crossed paths; the horses were all Elfina and they operated without instruction from their riders, who fired at will – it is hard to protect yourself from arrow from the top and in front.

As the magic of the final Sagittari passed them by, and as the dust cleared they stared headfirst into a column of two hundred cataphracts – in full armour – charging the already decimated line. A hundred men died from the pikes they carried; another hundred from the swords that cut their way through. The Rakian fyrd folded from the onslaught – cavalry turned and fled for the supposed safety of the walls of Melnik but ran head first into Wilgar’s larger force of a thousand men. Infantry fell to the ground and cavalry with nowhere to go, surrendered on mass.

Conn rode back to the command post to report in. Poor Ailidh was off her horse retching behind a tree, while Sebbi sat ash faced on his horse.

‘I don’t know what to say – that was horrible.’

Conn agreed. The lethalness of his fyrd was sickening – even too someone who had seen as much war as him. Death by arrow, lance or sword was a brutal way to die. With Ailidh back in her saddle, the rode down towards the carnage, as the battle field was being systematically cleaned; the dead were being removed while the wounded treated; and those fit and able were set to work digging a huge grave as there was too many of them for a pyre. A pyre was built for Conn’s losses – and that included two Twacuman. About three hundred Rakians were amongst the deceased.

Derryth was conciliatory. ‘They died well – what more can we ask.’

The Rakian losses were more severe – though the former Eaorl of Melnik was just injured and now in custody. The less experienced Rakian wiga had simply surrendered when given the chance. As they rode around the battle field, they were joined by Wilga and Cathal, who greeted their Wealdend for the first time. After the pleasantries, Wilga reported that they had control of the town, and all resistance had been squashed and it was still in one piece. There were a dozen families there from Rakia – including the Eaorl’s family.

Conn was astounded. ‘Did he think he was going to win? Where is he now?’

The former Eaorl, was brought to them, and was identified as Riddock il Motya. He was older, about 50, and he looked terrible – he seemed to have fallen from his horse and been trampled by others. He bowed.

‘Are you Amargein’s brother?’

‘Yes I am. I presume you are the Eaorl of Eriak?’

‘I am. I had the pleasure of your brother’s company in Trokia.’ Sibbe and Ailidh looked at him curiously, and Conn explained.

‘Amargein il Motya was the leader of the Rakian forces in the Trokian war – he was captured and ransomed.’ He looked back at Riddock. ‘I was sorry to hear your brother died in prison.’

Riddock was surprised that Conn knew. ‘Fallon was not happy about the result – and paying the ransom put everyone into debt. Are you going to ransom me as well – my family has nothing left to pay…’

‘Probably not –I think that you can expect to be in our company for some time. Probably safer anyway.’

Riddock shrugged. He gestured to the men around the battle field. ‘You were lucky today. Do you think that you can defeat Rakia with this many men? You have no chance!’

As Riddock turned around, he was confronted by the sight of several Twacuman walking towards him. He obviously hadn’t realized they were there in the battle. He turned back to Conn with shock in his voice.

‘You have Twacuman in your Fyrd? How is that possible?’

Conn ignored him. ‘If I had a Ryal for every time someone asked that, I’d be even richer than I am now.’



They stayed two nights in Melnik; Conn had all the wiga hard at work cleaning up; over a thousand men can do a lot in the field as well as the village harvesting, repairing or fixing. On the last night, they gathered in Wilgar’s hall; it was now presentable. Conn had ordered a full dress dinner and his Corporals, Captains and Majors came in their best; those that had been in Trokia wore the appropriate medals. Wilga wore five; the Bravery, Courage and Valor medals as well as the campaign medal, and the Order of the Cirice Breast Star.

Conn explained them all to Ailidh.

‘I’ll have to get some made…’

‘You already have… I’ve even given some out.’

She looked at Sebbi. He shook his head. ‘I have no idea to what you refer.’

Conn called over a wiga who carried a large box, and he opened it up on the table. It was full of medals.

‘This are for Silekia?’

‘They are’.

He stood and asked her to stand, and they went and stood in front of the table.

The crowd went silent. Conn indicated to Derryth and he cleared his voice before speaking.

‘Wilgar, Eaorl of Melnik, please come forward.’

Wilgar went forward to Conn; he had experience this before.

Conn spoke. ‘The Eaorl of Melnik is commended for his participation on the battles that have achieved freedom of his homeland, and he is awarded the campaign medal for Silekia.’ He handed it to Ailidh, and after some confusion, she clipped the round medal with the green ribbon on his chest.

‘For his leadership and selfless participation he is appointed as a Knight Commander in the Order of the Cirice, to add to his existing rank of Knight in the order.’

The neck medal was hung around his neck, he now sported seven medals.

Even Wilgar was surprised. ‘I don’t know what to say.’

‘No speech required.’ Conn shook his hand and gave him a hug. ‘It has been a long journey. I told you I’d see you home; and here you are.’

Wilga got chocked up. He nodded his head, whispered ‘thank you’ and returned to his chair. Derryth took his cue.

‘Cathal, Eaorl of Salvia…’

The ceremony took some time; lots of Campaign medals, several Bronze, silver and gold stars, and a few more members of the Order of the Cirice – including Sir Sebbi as Knight Commander.

After they finished toasting everyone, Conn had a question of the Healdend and Sir Sebbi; who sat looking proudly at the Breast Star now that it had been properly affixed.

‘What can you tell me about a Torc?’

They looked surprised. ‘A Torc? There has never been mention of a Torc for hundreds of years … since the last Casere. It is a strange question, did you know …’

‘…that the Casere wore a Torc. Yes, I did. Brina of Halani told me about it. Also,’ Conn held up his wrist and the gold band gleamed, ‘I was inadvertently given this in Trokia and I think that it is the Torc. It had ancient Sythan writing on it – but I’m not sure why it ended in Trokia.’

Not for the first time, Ailidh was surprised. ‘You have the Torc! None of this makes sense to me. The only thing missing now is Inanna’s heart-stone.’ She turned to look and Conn, ‘you know we looked and…’ She stopped. ‘You don’t have that as well, do you?’

‘As a matter of fact I do. It was found in Moetiak.’ Conn told the story about how it was found. ‘But I have yet to understand how it got to Piada.’

Sebbi has a thought. ‘Something occurred to me – Goibniu, the last Casere died quite young, and if I remember rightly, his mother was the daughter of the Trokian Aebeling, and after he died, she returned to Trokia. Of course why she took the Torc with her is something I can’t explain.’

‘Maybe she didn’t know’; Conn explain how that had fallen into his possession.

They all agreed that they might never know. Tomorrow was the beginning of the last leg as the remaining town in Rakian hands was Tovio. They both wanted to know more about the Order of the Cirice. Conn thought it time to mention the Trokian new House of Assembly as well.



When Ailidh visited his tent later that night – it was late and she was always discrete in her visits, leaving well before sunrise – she asked to see the heart-stone. Conn retrieved it from its hiding place and held in his hand. There was a very faint green light emitting from the stone, and it was reflection from the lamps or transmitted, it was hard to tell. She reached forward to touch it but stopped, inches away.

‘I can’t touch it. I physically can’t get closer – and yet you can. Why does nothing make sense?’

‘Only Folgere are supposed to be able to touch a heart-stone. I don’t know why I can.’ Conn thought he did – it was the same reason he could replace the haligdoms and destroy the guard stone – he had the ability to shut out whatever the power they have to control people’s minds. At least that was his theory.

‘Do you suppose that our fornication is more intense because of the presence of the heart-stone?’ She stripped and lay naked on the bed; and reached to pull him towards her.

Conn feigned mortification. ‘And here I was thinking it was just me and my sexy body.’

She ran her hand down his body until she found what she wanted. ‘Well, part of it probably help a bit…’

‘Is it a large part or a small part?’

She giggled. ‘It is a huge part…’

~x264~





The distance between Melnik and Tovio was another ten day journey; and after seven days the main fyrd of Ailidh’s joined them; they had successfully liberated Abri and were in pursuit of a large body of Rakian wiga who had vacated prior to their arrival. A tactical retreat.

A day out of Tovio, they encountered Rakians scouts on the hilltops, and they scampered before Conn could get close. Conn’s fyrd was now significant in number – after peeling off wiga into the seven Eaorldoms that they had liberated, and gaining the rest of Cathal and Wilga’s wiga, Conn was left in charge of just under a thousand wiga – and the Wealdend had over three hundred. Consequently, they marched all the way into Tovio without conflict. The Rakians had decided to discretion was the greater part of valor had had gone home.

Thankfully, they hadn’t left much destruction behind them, just desolation and dereliction, and without much fanfare Tovio was back in Silekian hands.

Tovio was one of the larger towns because it was on the border; and the hall and barracks were in reasonable condition still. The residents watched silently as Conn and the Wealdend rode right up to the main hall and donjon of the Eaorls of Tovio. The captain of the Tovio squad, decked in their white and green embossed Stag tabards, set his men to work, securing the building and manning the guard posts. Given the all clear, Conn dismounted and addressed the people gathered before him.

‘Who is the Reeve?’

A middle aged man walked forward and bowed. ‘The current Reeve is no longer; he left yesterday. I was Reeve to the former Eaorl – until I was replaced.’

‘You must be Radwulf?’

He was surprised. ‘I am…’

‘Sileas send her regards. She said that you would know her.’

There was general happiness in the crowd behind them. ‘Sileas is alive? Thank the Gyden. We thought that all the family had been killed.’

‘She is very much alive.’ Conn led the Wealdend and others into the hall. ‘And if your Wealdend is in agreement, I hope that she will be back with you within a couple of weeks.’

Ailidh was also surprised. ‘I am happy to hear that Sileas as well. Sileas is my cousin and…’

Conn interrupted her. ‘When you say cousin, what do you mean exactly?’

‘Our mothers are from the same house...’

Conn interrupted again. ‘Ilissus?’

‘Yes. How did you know?’

‘Long story. I have a very strange connection to the house of Ilissus. I’ll tell you about it later.’

Ailidh looked bemused. ‘As I was saying – so what is Sileas doing now? Where is she anyway?

Conn looked at Sir Sebbi. ‘You haven’t told her?’

Sebbi was confused. ‘So that Sileas is this Sileas?’ He indicated with his fingers to the two locations. ‘It hadn’t occurred to me.’

‘Very well.’ He looked back at Ailidh. ‘Sileas il Tovio is the Reeve of Atrak. She is a former bedda of mine, and she is currently bedda to Sir Sebbi’s cousin. She is the mother of six little girls, and ...’

Ailidh interrupted him. They were being served drinks from Conn’s supplies and meals were being prepared by the Logistics Corp. ‘She survived six pregnancies?’

Conn shook his head. ‘No, it’s worse than that – she survived three pregnancies – we had three lots of twins.’

‘So you have six daughters; you poor man.’

Derryth had joined them; he burst out laughing. ‘No, it’s FAR worse than that – he has thirty children.’

Poor Ailidh was getting more and more confused. ‘I’ll have to think about these other things later – but back to Sileas. You said you want her to come here – and I’m presuming that you want her to be Eaorl.’

Conn nodded.

‘Even though we haven’t had female Eaorls in Silekia before.’

Conn agreed. ‘There is no rule against it – I’ve had every edict published by every Casere codified, and there is nothing stopping it happening – the Witan just needs to approve it. They have just never had a need before.’

She laughed. ‘The Witan composed of a majority of Earls who owe their very existence to you?’

Conn smiled. ‘I like my chances of getting their agreement.’

They all laughed at that – but it was true. Conn could get anything he wanted approved. His resources was also going to provide the working capital to get them back on their feet. The MIFIC was already active in Silekia, and it was the only bank in town.

By the time they were ready for bed on the second night, Logistic had cleaned out every room within the hall, and had prepared rooms at different ends for Conn and Ailidh. Barracks outside had been organized for everyone else; a large bath tub had already been constructed and Conn was soaking in the hot water when Ailidh arrived in his room.

‘You are a bit early.’

‘I’m intrigued.’ She felt the water. ‘Is there room in there for two?’

‘There is if you sit on my lap.’

She smiled. ‘I can live with that.’ She stripped and after a bit of effort to get comfortable on Conn’s lap, as he washed her naked body with soap, Conn asked the question.

‘Intrigued about what exactly?’

‘You and the House of Ilissus… you mentioned that there was a thing…’

Conn told her.

She was stunned. She stood up and turned around so that she was now facing him and sitting on his lap. ‘So you are saying that not only is it possible that I’m already with child, and if I am, I’m probably going to have TWINS!

‘Very definitely possible. Most probable in fact, given recent experiences.’

She cupped her hands around his face and started kissing him.

‘I think I can live with that too.’

~x268~





Chapter 22


Conn led Sir Sebbi and his fyrd further south to the border; just because the Rakians had deserted Tovio wasn’t any reason to assume that they weren’t regrouping. The border was less than a day from Tovio; and less than a day on the other side was the town of Mylae. In between was a river, which was easy to ford at this time of year.

‘So we are going across?’ Do you think that is wise?’ Derryth was always cautious.

Opposing them in the distance was a collection of wiga, probably fifty, on patrol. They seemed nervous, even at this distance. They didn’t seem to be wiga escaping from Silekia.

‘We’ll just take the Twacuman – they don’t observe borders anyway. And we have to give that lot back.’ Conn pointed to a dozen men women and children on horseback. It was Riddock il Motya and his family, as well as several other families that hadn’t managed to get out in time.

‘We do – our own.’

With a hundred waiting on the other side, Conn rode across with Derryth and twenty Twacuman wiga, and the Rakians. They were less threatening from a distance because of the lack of tabards and shiny armour, but up close they would be terrifying to the Rakians. Conn got to a middle point and stopped. It was open and the Rakians were in the trees. He wasn’t going to be silly.

After some apparent internal discussions, the Rakians decided to come out of the trees to join them, and they cantered down on their smaller horses, stoping some yards away from Conn. The twenty riders were soon in confusion on arrival – the word Twacuman being whispered around.

One rode out in front of the others. He tried to be brash.

‘What is the meaning of this intrusion into Rakia? I…’

Conn interrupted him. ‘I presume you said the same thing when your Healdend authorized intrusions into Silekia not ten years ago, did you? And every other time wiga crossed your border to kill, rape and pillage in Silekia, did you? Or when they sent over enough wiga to set up demesnes in Silekia? Were you silent then, or did you are them the same question?’

‘Umm… they were brigands…’

‘How did you know we are not brigands?’

‘You don’t look like brigands…’

‘We are just very organized brigands….’

‘Very colorful too.’ Derryth added.

‘True – organized and colorful.’

The banter was getting the Rakian confused. ‘Brigands don’t have …Twacuman ... amongst their wiga.’

Derryth looked at Conn. ‘He’s got you there.’

Conn ignored him. ‘When was the last time Twacuman were in any fyrd?’

The young man thought for a moment. ‘Sherric had Twacuman in his fryd. After than I'm not sure – I don’t think Goibniu did.’

Conn laughed. ‘A student of history. Good to see. Then you will recognize this.’ Conn released the medal from around his neck. The ancient words were clear to see.

‘Feorhhyrde…!’ The Rakian took a deep breath. ‘That would explain the Twacuman then.’ He shook his head; he suddenly looked sadder than he had already been, and he took another deep breath. ‘My name is Breasal, Eaorl of Mylae. I am the third son of Luchar – this was not my destiny but the Gyden have thought otherwise.’

‘Where is your mother from?’ Everyone looked surprised at Conn’s question.

‘My mother? What does my mother have to do with this?’

‘I’ll know the answer to that question once you answer my question.’

‘My mother? My mother was from Soloes. Her mother was from…’

‘Ilissus?’

Breasal was shocked. ‘Yes, how did you know?’

‘Lucky guess. It seems all roads lead to Ilissus. And you are right; it has no bearing. Now, am I correct in presuming that you have not recently been living in Silekia and have recently departed in haste?’

He shook his head. ‘No. Those you are asking about passed through here yesterday. They are were in a hurry, and heading for Lipara and beyond.’

‘In that case, I’d like you to convey a message to your Healdend. Tell him that ANY incursions – even a merchant – into Silekia from Mylae will be considered an act of war, and I will respond accordingly. Tell him also that the Wealdend of Silekia will be sending a demand for reparations for the damage that subjects of his demesne has caused to Silekia over these last years. His response to that demand will determine what happens next.’

‘You are asking him to capitulate – I don’t know that he will do that. There are those that will stop that from happening.’

‘I know; but we should all do what is best for our people. Sometimes the price is high.’ Conn pointed to the group of Rakian riders. ‘These were left behind. Can you make sure that they get home please?’

Breasal looked surprised. ‘You are not going to ransom them?’

‘No – Motya doesn’t have any money left, I think’

Conn turned to leave. Breasal called after him. “Eaorl – you are the Eaorl of Eriak aren’t you?’

Conn nodded.

‘How do we stop that price from being paid by everyone – even those without blood on their hands?’

‘Breasal, we try to find a way.’

‘I hope you are successful, Eaorl. Goodbye.’

As they rode away, Derryth looked at him curiously. ‘You lied to the Eaorl.’

‘For his own good, Derryth, for his own good.’

Back on the other side of the river, Conn turned the Fyrd east for the ocean, and recounted the conversation – or most of it – to Sir Sebbi.

Sebbi was not so enthusiastic. ‘The Wealdend can send the demand but he won’t pay it – and your threat is not going to work because Rakia has an agreement with Gatina that if it is invaded, they will assist. It would be hard for them to avoid that agreement. It was only the very visible participation of Ancuman in 633 that allowed Gatina to excuse itself. This time they are not so visible. Ironically, as an Eaorl of Gatina, your wiga could be forced to fight each other.’

‘So an invasion is off the cards. We’ll have to go to plan C.’

‘What happened to plan B?’ Derryth was usually confused about Conn’s plan numbers.

‘That was plan B – plan A was that Fallon try and defend Silekia – and even he wasn’t silly enough to do that.’

‘So why are we heading this way – Tovio is in the other direction’. Derryth pointed for emphasis. “I remember you got lost in Kania once…’

‘I’m not lost – let’s see what the engineers have found for my new harbor.’



Tovio was so underdeveloped that there were several sites along the ocean front and the best found by the Engineer Corp was a small fishing village called Mantu. It had a population of about twenty families. Conn stood on the rudimentary jetty and looked west towards the flat lands and huge forests that continued all the way to Halani. The river they rode alongside was sourced in Halani and fed by the very lake that Conn had sailed on so many years ago.

‘Derryth, I think we need some help. There is a lot to do any we could use the craeftiga from Halani again. There is a lot to do.’

‘I’ll send some riders.’

‘You could send a pigeon?’

‘No. I’ll send riders. I hate these new ways of doing things. I haven’t found a pigeon yet that could say more than twenty words. Useless things.’



The first significant dock was finished by the Engineers within two weeks, and Njil was able to tie up and unload the first of hundreds of shiploads of goods that would arrive over the next week and months. One of his first deliveries was Sileas and the girls – and the squads of Valkeri who looked after them – as well as Lile and Fainche.

They all rode together back to Tovio on the rapidly improving road network; having many idle wiga on hand gave the Engineer Corps significant resources to get work underway. They also had a hundred Rakian prisoners who decided to stay and work rather than go home. The food was better – it also existed in quantity.

The first major residential building construction they encountered along the way was the military camp; high on a hill, it overlooked the valley and river below; extensive barracks, lookout towers and stables made up the facility that would house five companies of Sagittari on a permanent basis. Around it now were the tents that housed the other five companies of wiga Conn had with him at the moment.

Inside the renovated hall in Tovio, Ailidh greeted her cousin with a few tears, and then greeted her Sythan ‘cousin’ with astonishment. On top of which, she was confronted by the Rakian traitor and eight little blue eyed girls. There was a lot to deal with and Ailidh retired to the inner halls and its comfortable seats. She ordered wine.

‘Let me get this straight. You had an Ancuman prisoner that you didn’t want to execute so decided to send him home. And to do this, you sent two of your best ships out into the middle of the ocean to capture an Ancuman vessel, and not only did you capture the vessel – an amazement in itself – but Lile and her party were on board on their way to Kishdah.’

Conn nodded. ‘A good summary.’

Ailidh looked at Lile. ‘Tell me again why you were on board.’

After she had explained more of the history of Sytha, and the agreement Ailidh returned to Conn, who had two daughters asleep on him. It was taking some time.

‘That brings me to the bigger question – how did you even know they were there – the ship I mean?’

‘Njil has travelled west on more than one occasion to avoid storms – sometimes he is a little overweight and doesn’t want to tempt fate – and the Ancuman ships are occasionally seen. Usually we avoid them, but this time they went hunting – and it just happened to have Lile on it.’

She paused to consider the information. ‘I don’t understand any of it – and you are proposing to assist Sytha in their war against the ---what was it …Pontians?’

‘I am – but it isn’t the Pontians alone. I’m sure the Pontians are being assisted by the Ancuman.’

Ailidh then looked at Fainche. ‘And Fainche was kidnapped by you but can’t go home because she will probably be executed by her own uncle. Another fine mess.’

She took another drink of her wine. ‘At least I have your delicious Hama wine to drown my sorrows in. I have no idea what is going on anymore. Surely things can only get simpler from here on?’



Naturally enough it didn’t get better. With Sileas back in Tovio, Ailidh moved into a different room – she insisted – and Conn moved out into his newly constructed Inn – leaving the girls to their own devices.

With the campaign for the liberation of Silekia completed, Conn had another awards presentation; a full parade of the fryd was conducted over several days to hand out the medals – including more bravery awards. Ailidh spent the days with him pinning on medals. Many of Conn’s wiga now sported two campaign medals; and while some took the opportunity to leave and become farmers – Conn provided all senior ranks the opportunity to become Lairds in Tovio, others stayed in the fryd – the job was not yet complete.

Even after the celebrations were over, Ailidh stayed around or a few more weeks; she was interested in everything that was happening. She would also make a few late night visits to Conn in his new room at the Inn; which was called ‘The Stag’s Head’ in honour of the emblem of Tovio.

Sir Sebbi, Sileas and Ailidh were having lunch with Conn when Derryth joined them. He ordered a meal and sat down to eat, and when he had a chance, he informed Conn that he had some information for him – two bits.

‘The first information I just received is about Jowan…’

Conn was immediately anxious. ‘Is he okay?’

‘Yes, yes, nothing to worry about. He is with Elva and Oisin.’

‘I thought he was with Caewyn and Brina…’

‘No.’ Derryth answered natter of factually. ‘Jowan is not in Halani at this very moment…’

‘If he isn’t in Halani…’

‘He is in Piada – with Oisin and Elva as I said. With the road safe, Oisin decided that it was time to go home – and she took Jowan with him.’

‘In Piada? When did you find out?’

‘Just this morning – the first of the riders from Halani are back. You’ve been busy…’

‘Oisin?’ Sebbi was having flashbacks. ‘Wasn’t she the girl you rescued from slave traders in Tegeste?’

‘She is – turns out that she is the Aebeling.’

Ailidh had to interrupt.

‘Who is Jowan?’

Sileas answered for them, ‘Conn’s son – his mother is a Twacuman.’

Ailidh looked at Conn accusingly. ‘You hadn’t mentioned that you had a son that is half Twacuman – in fact you said that you only have daughters and they arrive in pairs... and yet Ana is a single…’

Conn winced. ‘I may have overlooked mentioning Jowan and Ewan…’

‘Ewan? Who is Ewan?’

Sileas smiled broadly as she answered. ‘Ewan’s mother is the Aebeling of Cyme, and the Valkeri never…’

‘…have boys. What is going on around here? Why has the whole world gone crazy? You have two boys with one woman who doesn’t have children with Priecuman and a second with a Valkeri whose Gyden protects them again male children.’

‘I can’t answer the second but I can answer the first. That has happen before.’

‘In Meshech?’

‘Your ancestor Sherric had a daughter Ingeulfur – do you know who her mother was?’

‘Ingeulfur?’ She looked at Sebbi, he shook his head. ‘I don’t recall an Ingeulfur?’

‘Probably because it is history that doesn’t sit well with other Meshechian assumptions. Ingeulfur mother was Twacuman – her mother arrived with Osstan. Ingeulfur herself moved to Piada after her father and mother dies in the war with the Ancuman. Her daughter became bedda to the Eaorl of Gelah and everyone who descends from the Eaorls of Gelah have Twacuman blood.’

‘How do you know all this?’

‘It is in the verbal history of Halani and if you combine that with the written histories that I’ve collected, it all makes sense.’

‘None of this is making sense to me.’

Conn looked back at Derryth, who was enjoying this all too much. ‘How did they get there? Piada is not far from here?’

‘I gather they went to Atrak and got a ship to Gelah; and they were going to get a small boat from there to Piada. Oisin and Jowan are very competent sailors now.’

It was all out of Conn’s control. He could only hope. He took a deep breath. ‘Has Caewyn said that I am to go to Piada?’

‘No. She says that all it well.’ He paused dramatically. ‘You do need to go to Mantu however.’

Conn was almost too scared to ask. ‘And why do I need to go to Mantu? I was there last week.’

‘Last week there weren’t ten Folgere in Mantu asking for you to come and see them, were there?’

Ailidh was stunned. ‘Folgere? In Mantu? There haven’t been Folgere in Silekia for two hundred years! And they turn up now.’ She stood up far too quickly, and shook her head. She did it slower now, ‘It is getting all too much – and I haven’t been feeling well. I think I’ll go and lie down for a while.’

Sileas looking knowingly. ‘’You’re pregnant. All those who get pregnant from fornicating with the Eaorl end up with horrible queasiness for about three months. I had to live through it three times. I feel sorry for you.’

Conn protested. ‘I do not accept responsibility for that. Totally circumstantial evidence only.’



Conn and Derryth heading for Mantu the next morning. He learnt that one of the Folgere was Moana, and given that she was a long way from home, Conn took the message as being urgent. As they were about the leave, Fainche came to see them, and asked if she could go with them. She didn’t know why, but she thought it was the right thing to do.

They arrived at evening and went to the Inn – also new and called “The Salty Eel”. Inside they found Moana and the Folgere – which were dressed in all colours – blue, green, gold and red. Conn had never seen a room with all the Folgere colors in attendance; he didn’t know it was possible.

Conn hugged and kissed Morna; Morna responded very passionately, and Conn dragged himself away. ‘Morna, I’m so surprised to see you.’ He looked around at all the girls. ‘And you have every Gyden represented here – I don’t understand?

She smiled, knowingly. ‘I understand that you are going to Soloes?’

Conn was more surprised. ‘It is on my plans, but I wasn’t intending going soon.’

‘I’m sorry but you are leaving tomorrow… I’ve organized it with Njil.’

‘Njil should be in…’ Conn thought for a moment ‘Trokia. He shouldn’t be here.’

She smiled sweetly again. ‘When he was in Moetiak I asked him to change his plans. He is now preparing to depart in the morning.’

‘I’ll have to have a chat with him later – I thought I was in charge. Anyway why do we need to go to Soloes?’

‘The last Cirice need to be restored – you have the heart-stone don’t you?’

‘I do, but…’

Morna ignored him and called over three of the Folgere; she introduced them, and they all kissed Conn, far too passionately in a public place. All three were very voluptuous, and held their bodies against him; and his head reeled from their perfume and the presence of the Gyden that filled the room with pheromones. Moana apologized. ‘We know that we are putting you out, so I’ve delegated these three to apologize to you tonight.’ She winked and the girls twittered.

‘All three of them – tonight?’

‘You do need to have some energy tomorrow. Oh, and we are to accompany you to the Cirice.’

‘I knew there was a catch. I don’t even know where the Cirice is – but I do know that it is guarded. How am I expected to get all of you there without getting us all killed?’

‘We trust you to find a way.’

Food had arrived and Conn tried to focus on eating while the three girls looked lustfully his way from across the room; their clothes seeming to reveal more and more – it may have been his mind undressing them. He arrived in the room famished but had seemed to have lost his appetite for food.

Conn distracted himself by introducing Fainche to Morna. She had been remarkably subdued since entering the room sitting quietly at the table. Moana looked at her intently, and then back at Conn. She put her hand on Fainche and then shuddered slightly.

‘Fainche wears a haligdom – one that belongs to Tabiti. How did she get it?’

‘I gave it to her.’ Conn explained the turn of events when Fainche gave up the black stone for the red stone. Fainche said nothing.

Moana reprimanded him. ‘You are not supposed to do things like that. You could have killed her – the power of a haligdom can break your mind.’ She looked back at Fainche and held her hands out. Fainche responded by putting her hands in Moana’s. ‘Sister, I need you to do something,’

Behind her two girls in red appeared without summons. They laid their hands on Fainche shoulders and she shuddered at their touch. Moana continued. ‘I’d like you to go upstairs with our sisters. They will help you and provided you with a proper introduction to Tabiti. Would you like that?’

Fainche nodded, tears starting to stream down her face – she had yet to say a word. She stood up, and followed the two girls out of the room and up the stairs.

Derryth, immune to the amorous solicitations of the Folgere, watched in amusement. ‘Well, that is not something you see every day.’

Morna agreed. ‘The Feorhhyrde has been meddling in areas not of his responsibility.’

‘Since when has that been different?’

‘Anyway,’ Conn interrupted, ‘what is wrong with Fainche?’

‘Nothing; she just hasn’t been initiated properly – for a reason I don’t understand, her fornications with you have been the only thing that has kept her sane. If you had have been inclined to say no, she could have gone mad. You need to be more careful doing things that you do not understand. However, a night with two with Tabiti and she will be fine.’

‘Talking about saying no’, Conn looked around the room, ‘where are the three girls?’

‘In your room, waiting for you. You have finished eating, haven’t you?’

‘I guess I shouldn’t keep them waiting then, should I? I’ll see all of you in the morning.’

~~x277~~





Chapter 23


When the Folgere joined Njil, Conn and Derryth at breakfast, they had changed out of the colourful robes and were now dressed in browns and blacks with dark woollen travel capes. Njil had come to informed him that the ship was ready – Conn asked him what ship they were taking; he was concerned that the topsail would be too noticeable.

‘The Ancuman Cog…’

‘Seriously? Wasn’t that in Kadash?’

‘Moana had me go and collect it – anyway it was a very good idea. Seeing such a vessel close to land won’t be too surprising – well surprising but not alarming.’

When Fainche arrived, she was positively glowing. Her night with the red Folgere had seemed to have worked wonders. She came over and kissed Conn, and said ‘thank you’. She no longer seemed to hate him. The other thing different about her was that she was now wearing a Folgere’s gown; she had discarded the last of her black clothing. Moana explained that she was now a proper Folgere of Tabiti’s.

Conn remembered a question he had the previous night – why there were Folgere of all the four colors. That had never happened before.

‘It’s the last one – Folgere in Kadesh and Moetiak have changed colors – once they were blue or gold or red – and now some are green. That made it possible for everyone to be here – and our Gyden guide us. For the first time in hundreds of years all Gyden will be together on Meshech. Nothing will be the same.’

‘Which gives reason to why the Rakians wish to stop us.’

‘Exactly.’ She smiled at Conn sweetly. ‘But what stops Conn il Taransay?’



They left by midmorning and after three days of sailing they arrived at the northern most point of Soloes – or Ilissus to be precise – which was where Moana assured them that they needed to go. For two days they were shadowed by the schooner, and on the third day they were on their own. Njil had made improvement to the cog, however, and it was faster than most Rakian vessels, and he did have thirty archers on board for protection; Conn still felt safer in the schooner. Derryth felt safer on land.

It was pitch black as they arrived off the Soloes coast – which was both fortuitous and problematic. As they headed for shore, they scanned the horizon for a reference point. Once in the smaller landing boat, if they didn’t have something to guide them, they would quickly become disorientated. Conn’s rudimentary compass was hard to use at night without giving away your position.

After ten minutes, Conn spotted just what he needed.

‘Got it; there is a guard post and it has a large fire pit. We can use that to guide us.’

With everyone in three row boats; they headed for shore; the Folgere sitting in the middle while the sailors rowed and Conn guided. The beach was long and shallow and Conn was first off to direct the boat in so that the women could disembark. Close to shore he and Derryth lifted them off and carried them to shore and they scampered into the tree line. With the rowboat heading back to the Cog, Conn and Derryth finally went to join the women into the trees – but they were gone.

Conn cursed.

Derryth tried hard not to laugh. ‘That is not something you see every day! Nine Folgere outwit the great Feorhhyrde.’

‘And his trusty Twacuman sidekick Derryth.’

‘I’m going to leave that out when I tell the story.’

‘I thought you didn’t lie?’

‘I don’t – but you have taught me that one can be selective in what one says and doesn’t say… this is one of those time.’

They found a spot out of sight and went to sleep. There was nothing they could do until they could see.



Derryth tried to track the Folgere in the morning. He was getting annoyed. ‘It is not possible – nine Folgere can’t just disappear.’

‘Says the great hunter who can track a snowflake in the sky – well, I tell you, they have disappeared.’

Derryth shrugged. ‘I didn’t know they could do that…’

Giving up, they headed inland. This part of Soloes was remarkably heavily wooded; and they headed for the top of the hill; in lieu of anywhere else to go. Soloes was also undeveloped as there was little evidence of current farming activities, and slow because on regular intervals they had to stop as patrols of twenty men passed on well-worn trails – mostly mounted but occasionally foot patrols. It was easy to hide because the forest was so thick. After the first patrol, they knew that were heading in the right direction.

‘They must have a hundred wiga patrolling this area. They seem intent on keeping you out.’ Derryth noted.

‘So it would seem – certainly riding here would have been very difficult.’

By lunch Conn knew that he was very close to the Cirice as the heavy silence of a Cirice without Folgere invaded his head. He shut it out.

As they crested the top of the hill, they arrived at the Rakian military camp that had been set up to guard the Cirice.

‘They definitely don’t want us going in;’ Derryth commented, ‘but who guards a Cirice? It’s ridiculous.’

‘Well they can’t destroy it – even the Ancuman wouldn’t destroy a Meshechian Cirice. This is the best they can do.’

Derryth and Conn were lying a bank overlooking the Cirice that sat in a small glade. It was about five hundred yards away.

Conn was perplexed. ‘So how are we going to get in?

Two against a hundred were impossible odds – even for Conn. He didn’t even have a hundred arrows. As they watched, it started to rain, heavily. Now his bow was not even going to be very useful. The Cirice had been cleared out of the forest by the Rakians – and all that was visible were ruins. They were over six hundred years old – and had been deserted for over two hundred. Nothing remained except for the walls.

In want of alternatives, they slowly and carefully made their away around the entire Cirice, crossing roads and avoiding Rakians. By the time they had made their way around, they were wet, sweaty and covered in mud. Derryth complained. ‘We Twacuman do not like to be caked in mud. I need a bath.’

‘Don’t we all. Anyway, mud will do us well for the while. See this gully in front of us? It’s a drain – and it travels through the camp and goes right past the back door of the Cirice. That is where we go in. We travel up the gully to the back of the Cirice.’

Derryth nodded. ‘The gully is full of water...’

‘You wanted a bath…’

‘A hot one – with clean water…’

‘I don’t have a better plan…’

Derryth shrugged and headed for the ditch. Being late autumn, the night was becoming very cold, and as it was also pitch black, they made slow progress. They even had to stay submerged for some minutes in the camp as wiga passed them by. The wiga were not happy campers – none actually wanted to be there – they were all along way from home, and they were due to be replaced by a new group several weeks previously but no one had showed up. Morale was low – as well as food supplies.

After two hours in the water, they reached a spot that they could exit the ditch and enter the ancient walls of the first Cirice to be built in Meshech. It stopped raining as they arrived, but they were too cold to care. The Cirice itself was a remarkably small building, and Conn and Derryth entered to be met with a greeting.

‘You took your time!’

Sitting in a small circle, huddled together under their travel cloaks and still remarkably dry were the nine Folgere. Moana smiled sweetly at him.

Conn shook his head. He had kind of expected this to happen. ‘You came the short way – we came the long way. Now where is Inanna? I’m freezing.’

‘Behind that wall – remember that there is only one statue here because the other Gyden weren’t here when Inanna arrived.’

Conn peered around the corner; unfortunately the statue of Inanna was in full site of the camp. He came back. ‘As soon as I place the heart-stone, the whole camp is going to be illuminated in green. Don’t you think that they will notice that?’

‘They will – but why do you think they will think it is you? They have no indication that you were here. And that is partly why we are here – to provide a distraction so that you can escape.’

‘And how do you think you are going to distract one hundred men?’

‘Seriously?’ Moana took off her cloak; the rest did the same; they now wore Folgere gowns again, and these were made of Conn’s finest silk, and totally see through. Breasts were everywhere. ‘They have been away from their bedda for nine months and are now able to fornicate with a Folgere for free. Inanna has been separated from her Folgere for two hundred years. We have a perfect meeting of desires.’

Conn looked at Derryth and he shrugged back.

‘Can’t see how it can fail. Priecuman are, well, Priecuman.’

Shaking his head, Conn withdrew the heart-stone from its protected place in his bag and it lightly gleamed in the faint early morning light. He crept out around the wall; staying as low as he could; and he reached up with the heart-stone in his hand. Conn shut his mind as he placed the haligdom above the open hand; the moment his fingers touched the cold stone, he also shut his eyes.

Through his eyelids he could still see the green light as it crept out of the stone and up the idol. He could have sworn that he saw the voluptuous idol stand and stretch her body as if stiff and tired; her taut but large breasts quivering. She turned and looked at him and smiled, and then sat down again. Then Cirice was now enveloped in light, and the confusion in the camp below was noticeable, with the sound of yelling and wiga running in all directions. Conn retreated around to the middle of the Cirice and was surprised to find the flickering form of Inanna standing in front of him. She walked to the Folgere and her aura flickered out and ran over each of them. It stayed longer on Fainche who cried out in ecstasy, before stopping at Moana. She when walked forward and placed her hands on Moana’s shoulders and she cried in euphoria.

As Inanna’s glow retreated from her body Conn noticed that the gown that Moana wore was no longer blue, but pure white – though still transparent. Inanna then faded and disappeared. The other Folgere were shocked at her transformation and cried out in surprise and then fell to her feet in adulation and homage. They then stood and covered her in kisses.

Derryth was surprised. ‘Well, that is definitely not something you see every day.’

Conn looked at him in confusion.

‘She is what is what I think is called a Sacerd.’

Conn maintained his look. ‘Sacerd?’

‘A Sacerd is a Folgere that can speak to all Folgere.’ It was Derryth’s turn to look confused. ‘In some ways you could be considered a Sacerd – except that you are not female. Anyway, I didn’t think that a Sacerd was even possible – it was a story that arrived from Sytha. Apparently there was a Sacerd in Sytha that had something to do with Osstan – so I’m now really confused.’ He indicated in the direction of the military camp. ‘Anyway, you stand here gawking while I go and see what the Rakians are up to.’

He returned to returned to say that the Rakians seemed to have no idea what to do. There was no sign of an imminent attack.

Morna escaped from the clutched of her adoring Folgere, and went to Conn and hugged and kissed him, passionately. She then reluctantly pushed him away. ‘I’d love you to stay but you need to go. We will go and distract the wiga while you can find your way out of here. Oh, I left a present in your room – she is one of Inanna’s Folgere. She is there to say thanks. She will leave when you have satisfied your lust for her.’

As she spoke, Derryth reported that the Rakians had finally decided to come and investigate – so the Folgere headed out of the ruins and down to the camp – to the probable amazement of the Wiga who saw the slightly glowing naked women arrive. With everyone’s attention suitably diverted, Derryth and Conn easily made their way down the mountain.

The path down was slightly different to the way up, and they stumbled into ruins, now almost reclaimed by the forest, of a town. The remnants of the palisades could be seen, as could the foundation walls of the hall and donjon. The stones that made up the rest of the walls lay scattered around site. They searched quietly until they sat on a boulder looking at the ruins eating some of the emergency rations.

‘Any ideas?’ Derryth asked.

‘I think this is actually the old town of Ilissus. I’ve been getting the librarians in Silekia to find all references to Ilissus and collect them for me.’

The process of turning all the manuscripts in Silekia into Codex has commences some years ago as well – progress was only commencing at a proper pace now as the numbers of librarians increased. Teaching people to read and write was not something that you could do overnight. Much easier to teach them to fight.

Conn continued. ‘There hasn’t been a lot so far but I do know that the town was slighted before it was abandoned. It would seem that the Eaorl was determined that the Aebeling of Rakia not benefit from his demesne. Apparently he took nearly every able person with him.’

‘Isn’t there a Thane?’

‘There is – Ceolred or something; I read that descends from the second son of the Eaorl. He stayed behind with a small group of people. He’s around here somewhere.’

Derryth searched the ruins. ‘There is certainly no indication of war – nothing charred – no arrows.’ He then looked at the sun. ‘We need to move if we want to get into position unseen.’

They got back to the shore at dusk, and waiting under cover until the night was pitch black. They then waited for the arrival of the boat, providing a beacon on the shore as a guide light. Back on the Cog, they returned to Mantu, where they arrived after three days, in the evening.



Finally back in the Inn, Conn was surprised to see the Folgere waiting for him. He had forgotten about her. She stood and moved towards him as he entered. She was older – thirties perhaps – and still pretty and probably very voluptuous under the cloak. She bowed.

‘Eaorl, if I may, can I have a private word with you?’

‘Can it wait – I was going to get an ale…’

‘I’m sorry but it can’t – I’m desperate….’

‘Very well, why don’t we go up to my room? We can discuss it there…’

‘I will be very grateful…

~x285~



Conn surfaced two days later, when he joined Derryth at the ‘Salty Eel’ for breakfast. He had managed to spend some time out of his bedroom to eat but the Folgere would soon find the need for “another” urgent and private discussion.

‘I’ve got to say that Inanna is very appreciative of my efforts.’

‘Have you sent her away?’ Derryth was always amused by the Folgere.

‘I have – there are only so many times that one needs to say thanks – and she’s tried every possible way to say thanks. Anyway, when does everyone arrive?’

‘They should be here tomorrow. Oh, and this arrived for you.’

Conn unwrapped the parcel; heavily protected by waterproof leathers. Inside was small codex and a note. Conn read it out aloud to Derryth.

‘Earl, as per your instructions we have made a priority of all manuscripts that have any special references to the former Eaorldom of Ilissus. This is the faithful duplication of a scroll we just found aptly titled “The beginning and end of Ilissus”. We hope you find what you want in it.’

‘Who wrote it?’

Conn looked inside the cover. ‘Fiontan il Ilissus, Eaorl. He was the last Eaorl.’ Conn continued to read as he ate his breakfast, and read parts to Derryth as he went.

After breakfast, they went for a tour of the ever expanding harbor of Mantu. Because of its position, it was becoming the hub of most new activity in Silekia. Conn’s Engineer Corp, reinforced by an extra three companies, and with the assistance of the Twacuman from Halani, had finally completed most works in the new harbour, and the new availability of docks, cranes and warehouses, had allowed the number of ships arriving and delivering and goods to escalate dramatically. With Silekia back in Silekian hands, the numbers of people arriving to go “home” was also significant, as was depopulation of parts of Lykia that had been controlled by Conn – every one of his demesnes would see a significant decline in population; but he had always maintain an over capacity of staff; so those leaving would not result in a great decline in production. It would result in an increase in profits however.

Also leaving would be huge numbers of sheep, goats, pigs, and cows; herds would be taken to the towns and auctioned off. Luckily finance for such purchases was available at the MFIC, and the Silekian demesnes would start to be restocked – albeit with larger and improved breeds of livestock. With his greater understanding of genetics, Conn had started to see the results after ten years that Bakewell and Coke took fifty years to accomplish; he had already differentiated breeds for different purposes; the Veii sheep, for example was designated the sheep to produce fine wool; while the Faleri cows were for milk production. The Atrak pig was the largest in Meshech; and excelled as a source of bacon, and the two maremma dogs he brought with him were the ancestors of thousands of the best guard dogs in Meshech; and every one of the puppies sold for a huge sum.

With Derryth in tow Conn inspected the new works commenced by the Engineer Corp – including new water and sewerage treatment systems for Mantua and Tovio. It was there that a wiga found them to inform them that there were visitors at the gate. As he spoke, a second runner arrived.

Conn looked curiously at the second before returning his attention to the first.

‘So, the Wealdend of Silekia has arrive?’

‘Eaorl; that it correct. As well as the Eaorl of Tovio.’

He turned and left; while the second runner remained. Conn looked at him. ‘Is there something else?’

‘Yes, Eaorl, there are Twacuman riders as well.’

Twacuman from Halani were everywhere so were not “special” any more.

Conn looked at Derryth and back at the by. ‘So do they want to see Derryth?’

‘No, Eaorl, they want to see you. And they are not from Halani. I was told they are from Piada. One said her name was Elva?’

‘Elva? Piada? What an earth are they doing here?’

Without looking like they were rushing, they headed for the recently completed great hall; a new construction of stone, timber and tiles. It was a magnificent building. Inside Conn joined the Wealdend of Silekia – a very surprised Wealdend – playing host to five Twacuman from Piada. Elva turned and greeted them both; kissing Conn. As she turned away, Conn was faced with a more severe looking middle aged – for the Twacuman – woman; she radiated power. She was also very direct.

‘You are the wearer of the ancient amulet that belonged to Sherric, Casere of Meshech?’

‘I do.’ He took it off and handed it to her. She looked at it, nodded, and handed it back.

‘And you also wear the Torc last worn by Goibniu, the last Casere?’

‘I think so.’ Conn held up his sleeve to reveal the circle of gold around his wrist.

She nodded, as if to confirm information she already knew. She then smiled and bowed. ‘Feorhhyrde, we are pleased to make your acquaintance. We have always hoped that the medallion would return one day.’ She smiled another thin smile. ‘It is well not to expect such things of the Gyden as their plans are sometimes very different to ours.’

Conn directed them all chairs in the great hall, while servants rushed out with food and drinks. Conn asked what it was that they needed – as it was very unlikely that they came for no reason.

‘My name is Allynne, and I am Wothbora. Your son Jowan insists that we come to find you – and to request your help. Oisin is gravely ill and he believes that you will be able to save her.’

‘Of course – we will leave first thing in the morning. I will make arrangements immediately. However, I’m sure you are all tired – Derryth will show you to suitable quarters. Please come back later for supper.’

Derryth, who had hardly said a word the entire times, stood and guided them out. He spoke quietly to Elva as he left.

Ailidh watched them leave and asked for a report of what had happen in Soloes. He mentioned the ruins.

‘I know little about Ilissus.’

Conn showed her the book, and she read some parts that he recommended. She was surprised, and a little confused. ‘I didn’t know that but I will check. Is that useful for you?’

‘Yes, as well as what we have already agreed, I’d like you to add the Eaorldom of Ilissus to my list of rewards.’

The last page of the codex was a proclamation by Fiontan il Ilissus, the last Eaorl, that his heir for the Eaorldom was to be the Healdend of Silekia, and that his sons would be heirs only to the Thane demesne of Silekia until such time as the Eaorldom was reunited with Silekia; and consequentially the Eaorldom itself was in rebellion to the Aebeling of Rakia in perpetuity. It also stated that the next Eaorl could be anyone that would attempt to reunite the Eaorldom to Silekia.

She read it again. ‘I’m still unsure what it means.’

‘It means that as Eaorl of Ilissus I can rebel against the Aebeling and not risk a war involving all Meshechian Healdends. In the war of 636, the forces of Fiontan never surrendered; he in fact defeated a larger Rakian force – one of the last battle of the war. The other was a victory by the Rakians against a combined force of Gatinans and Silekians. Unfortunately the Healdend of Silekia and his Eaorls, with the Healdend of Gatina also complicit, negotiated a treaty to end the war – and seceded Eaorldoms in Silekia and Gatina to the new Healdend. That is why Fiontan refused to acknowledge the authority of the Rakians. It is also why he slighted the town, closed the Cirice and moved most of his wiga to other parts of Silekia. I gather he died in Grexa.’

By the time the Twacuman returned, Ailidh had agreed and the Witan in spring would confirm all the new titles – including his two – the Barony of Mantu and the Eaorldom of Ilissus.

Conn introduced Lile to Allynne.

‘From Sytha? It is a long time since I have heard that term.’ She held out her hand and Lile put her hand in the Wothbora’s hand. She looked up sharply. ‘You are a Folgere?’

Lile shook her head explaining her current situation. Allynne nodded at the end and didn’t comment. She then held out her hand to Ailidh; ‘There a thread of blood that runs between all of us; I am Oisin’s aunt, and like her I descend from the first Sythan to be called Casere – Osstan. Osstan was the son of the Healdend of Sytha. It is good that we are reunited as well. Nothing will ever be the same.’ She looked at Conn when she said this, and then let go of Lile’s hand. She turned to look at Ailidh. ‘You are pregnant – with twins. To be burdened such it is well that you are protected.’

‘Protected? I don’t know what you mean.’

‘The Gyden protected you children. It means they will live.’

Ailidh almost cried. She wipe tears from her face. ‘I have been fearful. I have lost several before their time. Thanks be to Inanna.’

Allynne just smiled but didn’t say anything. Conn noticed that every time she looked at Derryth it seemed to be disapproving.

Conn was curious. ‘Derryth has given you a tour of our town.’

She nodded. ‘I am very impressed. We once had harbors and ships. One day it may be possible for us to do that again. We will look to the Feorhhyrde for assistance at that time.’



When it was time to leave for bed, Allynne called Derryth to attend her. He had been silent most of the evening, and he dutifully followed the Wothbora out of the room.

Conn and Elva were the last to leave, and they walked back together to the Inn together. Conn was worried about Derryth.

‘What’s with Derryth? He seems out of sorts.’

‘Allynne is disappointed with him. She says that he has failed to complete his training – that he is a Wothbora, probably a great one, but for some strange reason has not followed that path. She told him that she will train him – and the first step is for them to fornicate – for Wothbora, it is a way of connecting their spirits.’

Conn had always been amazing at the low sex drive of the Twacuman. Twacuman women fornicated much more frequently with Priecuman men – Conn had never seen Derryth take a Priecuman woman to bed. Conn had always suspected that Twacuman women fornicated with Priecuman out of either amusement, curiosity or kindness – he wasn’t sure. He knew that enjoyed the feeling of power and control over the other’s lust.

At the Inn Elva invited herself to Conn’s room because it was some time since she and Conn had fornicated. She followed him in and started to strip.

Conn looked at her as he undressed.

‘All your clothes – I feel honoured.’

‘Well, have you lost your fascination with breasts yet? Or your fondness of rubbing oil into my breasts and elsewhere?’ Conn shook his head. ‘No, I didn’t think so – better to be safe than sorry.’ Butt naked, she looked around the room. ‘Now where is that oil? I hope you didn’t waste it all on the Folgere.’

~x290~



The next morning they ALL headed for Piada; Conn had thought to take just Derryth, but Ailidh and Lile insisted on going as well – and because he had the Wealdend with him, the Captain of her guard was only happy when Conn took a squad of Twacuman wiga with him.

Conn was riding with Derryth at the front, and he looked at the string of horses behind him, nearly thirty in total as the ride to Piada was over six days and they would need food and shelter, and he shook his head.

‘I don’t think my point about us having to invade Rakia to get to Piada was understood, do you?’

‘Definitely not. However, Allynne tells me that they had little difficulty getting to Mantu...’

‘But there was only six of them – and no pack horses.’ Conn looked curiously at Derryth. ‘I understand that Allynne is upset at you?’

‘Yes – I don’t want to talk about it.’

Conn carried on. ‘I thought you weren’t a Wothbora?’

He shrugged. ‘I thought I had a choice – but it would seem not. I am to be trained.’

‘And what does that entail?’

‘Normally a winter in the deep forest – getting in touch with your inner self…’

‘And your mentor?’

‘Yes, and I really don’t want to talk about it.’

‘But you won’t be coming back with me?’

‘No, I will need to stay.’



The Twacuman Wothbora either knew everything or didn’t bother to want to understand things out of her control, but Conn found it curious that Allynne didn’t ask a single question about Taransay, or how he got here. She did ask about Inanna’s heart-stone – she had learnt from Derryth that it had been recovered in Moetia.

She told him what she knew about the fate of that trip. ‘The ship that visited Moetia with Conchobarre was attacked by an Ancuman ship on its return – nearly everyone aboard died because they decided to fight – and that they we needed to know about the return on the Ancuman. So they fought until they were close enough to send five wiga as messengers; they gave each a piece of timber that floated; water and food, and in the middle of the night they left the craft and followed the stars home. Of the five, only one made it; they were in the ocean for three days. As soon as our ancestors learnt of the Ancuman, we retreated to the mountains. Our villages on the ocean were taken down; the harbours destroyed, and our larger ships taken apart as well.’

‘So you never knew of the death of Conchobarre?’

‘We knew that she had died but then everyone died. We did not know of the heart-stone.’

‘The strange thing is, if it hadn’t gone to Moetiak, it would never have been found.’

‘That is true, Feorhhyrde, so her death must be a thread in the tapestry of your story.’

‘My story?’

‘Life is a picture like a tapestry made up of countless threads. The Gyden teach us that each thread for your picture is given to you by a different person, day or event – some place in time. Some happen while you live, some happen before you were born – sometime generations before. On Conchobarre’s death, threads from her tapestry passed down through all of Moetia and ultimately Derryth and you. Everything is connected. Past, present and future.’

She looked at Conn thoughtfully for a while as they rode.

‘The problem with your tapestry is that I feel threads that make no sense to me; I see lines; I don’t see a picture.’

‘Brina said that there was a thread that connected me to her…’

‘Indeed – I feel it – it is the same one that connects you to me. I just don’t understand what it is.’

The trip through Mylae was fortunately free of issues; the Eaorl had a small fishing village on the coast, but their fishermen hadn’t travelled too far out in the ocean in fear of Conn’s vessels, though Conn had changed his orders on Mylae ships – they were now immune from attack. Nonetheless, Conn avoided travelling during the busiest hours and travelled much later into the event than what was usual for this time of year. The Twacuman had excellent night vision so they made up lost time that way.

As soon as they crossed into Piada they travelled more freely; and it wasn’t long before they started climbing the heavily forested mountain range. Without a guide, you would have difficulty in getting anywhere.

They found a pathway that didn’t seem to have been well used; Allynne said that the villages were over the top of the range, as the population was quite small. It was slow going and the group became strung out. Lile travelled at Conn’s side – he thought that going into Twacuman territory was starting to freak her out.

‘I thought you were getting over your fear of Twacuman.’ Conn asked.

‘I am – it is not that; it is the forest; it feels like it is closing in on me.’

‘There is something strange about the forest – it is starting to affect me as well.’

Conn noticed it more as soon as they crossed the range and started the downhill trip. Conn had a niggling feeling about it – and a million questions.

It wasn’t long before they were met by a group of horses; and from the group a single horse emerged, and as the rider got closer, Conn could see that it was Jowan.

He jumped from his horse, and rushed to hug his mother and then his father.

‘Father, thank you for coming – I didn’t know what else to do.’

Conn introduced his son to the other surprised visitors and they were soon able to travel quicker as the going improved where the paths got wider. By the end of the day, they arrived at a village sent at the peak of a large valley that headed west. It was a beautiful setting, but the eerie feeling was even stronger here.

Jowan led them into the longhus and as their eyes became accustomed to the light, they saw a group of people sitting and waiting for them. Jowan introduced them to the Healdend, whose name was Aelfmund, and he was Oisin’s mother, and Allynne’s brother.

The Healdend welcomed them as food and drink was brought to them, and Allynne told him of their travels. Aelfmund thanked Conn again. ‘The people of Piada, like Halani, are indebted to you, Feorhhyrde, and we will do what we can do repay our debt. It is a strange story about the heart-stone; to our knowledge it has never been here – and I do not understand why it or how it could have been brought here.’ He paused to drink. ‘Interestingly, you speak of the Sacerd in the Cirice of Inanna – I believe you are the first visitors we had since another Sacerd visited…’

Conn was startled. ‘Sacerd? A Sacerd visited Piada?’

‘Yes, many, many, years ago – it is the only one we have ever seen in Meshech.’

‘Do you remember when she was here?’

The Wothbora and the Healdend exchanged glances before one spoke.

Allynne answered the question. ‘I believe that it was soon after the war between the Silekians and the Rakians – and when our neighbours became Rakians. Does this mean something to you?’

‘It does. You say that Oisin is sick?’

‘Yes; it was not long after she returned home that she started to feel unwell; we did what we could but it is if she was being attacked by something that she could not fight. A month ago she became unconscious for large amounts of time – it is all we can do to wake her to eat. We know that she is dying but Jowan insists that you will be able to save her.’

Conn stood and removed an amulet from the pouch on his hip. He took it to the Allynne. ‘Do you know what this is?’

She looked and nodded. ‘It is a Haligdom. But not one I’ve seen before.’

‘It belongs to those that follow the Gyden of the Ancuman. Somewhere here is a larger one – and it is what had made your people weak and sick – and it is what is attacking Oisin. I can feel it. But it must be very powerful for it to protect itself again your awareness.’

Conn continued. ‘The only chance that Oisin has is if I can find it – but it doesn’t like me much. It has tried to kill me twice already. This time it will be harder to stop it.’ Conn looked at Elva. ‘You know what to do if I pass out...’ She nodded and he placed the necklace around his neck. Immediately the Gyden recognized him.

‘You! But it doesn’t matter. You will never find me here. Here I am too strong for you. I will destroy you… and after that the girl who dared to try and find me. Such arrogance.’

Conn was starting to think that ‘it’ was right; the strength of the presence was immense. Shutting it out as best he could, he wandered around inside and then went outside, Elva stood at his side. The trouble for the Gyden was that he could feel its anxiety and whenever he got closer to where the stone resided, the anxiety grew. After walking around the village he centred his attention on a single building. It was very old. ‘What is this building?’

Allynne answered. ‘It was once a guest house – when we had visitors. Now it is used as a warehouse.’

As with all their buildings, there was a gap between the floor and the ground; in Halani it was high enough to house animals – here it was less and less than a yard off the ground. Conn requested that people to clear everything from around the building, and very quickly that was achieved. Conn could see under the building, and not being able to stand was going to make this even harder. He started to crawl and it was not long before the sweat poured out of every pore in his body. The pain was becoming intense but his mind held. He thought he felt Inanna, Lilith, Badb and Tabiti in the dark recesses of his mind but he couldn’t be sure. All he was sure that all that held a rushing tide of pain out of his head, was a thin barrier of mind control.

At the centre of the floor, he found a timber post and as he looked around the post, he saw a hole that had been carved into the post. It had been done in a hurry; it would have been done late at night while the village was asleep.

Conn used his knife to dig into the hole and his work revealed a perfectly round black stone. No wonder it was so powerful. He could feel the Gyden screaming at him through his mind shield, pounding against the barrier, a barrier that was starting to show minute holes, and he could feel the black light seeping through. Every second was critical as his strength was fast disappearing. As he crawled out from under the building he tossed the stone on to the ground. He removed the amulet from around his neck, and he felt the relief – but that was the easy part. She could still attack him because she knew where he was.

Most of the Twacuman had stepped back; everyone could all feel the energy in the stone now; they knew that the Gyden was very angry, As Conn struggled to stand upright, Elva handed him a flat piece of granite.

He dropped it on the ground and picked up the black stone, placing it on the slab. He looked at Elva, and she handed him a large rock.

Conn was becoming so exhausted that he was about to pass out; but he knew if he did, his unprotected mind wouldn’t stand a chance – ‘it’ would kill him. He tried to raise his arm with the rock but failed; was about to try again as he felt a hand on each shoulder; and was immediately stronger. He lifted the rock and brought it down on the haligdom with all the force he had left. The last thing he felt was a scream of anger and frustration – with so much hate that it defied description.





Chapter 24


He woke up two days later; Ailidh was sitting by his bed. ‘Hello sleepy head. You gave us a bit of a fright there. Are you sane?’

He laughed feebly. ‘Just as sane as before. How is Oisin?’

‘She is much better – she had been eating like a horse for two days. As for your sanity, I’m not sure that could ever be classed as sane. Allynne tells me that what you achieved is not supposed to be able to be done. A Haligdom is part of the Gyden herself; you have destroyed part of the Ancuman Gyden.’

‘I didn’t destroy it – I just made it change places. Every time I have done that, I find less dust than I should – I’m sure that it is back where it belongs. Anyway, I’m famished – is there any food left –or has Oisin eaten it all.’

Oisin came to see him the next day; she was still weak but was able to move around, and she apologized for putting him at risk. She explained that the reason that she came back was because she knew it was time, and when she got back she could feel the Gyden – and it was when she sensed where it was, it attacked her.

Conn thanked Derryth and Allynne when they came to see him.

They were confused. ‘I’m not sure what we did – you were starting to fall backwards so we stopped you. If there was something else… we didn’t feel anything unusual.’

Conn asked Allynne if she knew anything more of the Sacerd.

She nodded. ‘Derryth and I have been meditating in the woods – and the wind has reminded us of old stories. Her name was Odharnait. She was a Gatinan Folgere, but she wore white. She came to us after the Gatinans had closed down the Cirice in Gatinak and Inanna’s Cirice had been closed down. She wanted sanctuary.’

Conn shook his head. ‘What she wanted was somewhere to hide the heart-stone. Fortunately the haligdom is not a proper guard-stone – but it was one powerful enough to allow Odharnait to become a Sacerd, but ultimately not strong enough to stop Conchobarre from feeling the heart-stone and Oisin from feeling the haligdom. Do we know what happened to Odharnait?’

‘She died. It is said that she went into the ocean and didn’t return. A strange thing to do…’

‘Perhaps – but if she was a Sacerd who no longer had the protection of her haligdom because it was in the building, I suspect that her betrayal would have been very quickly discovered by Tabiti and Inanna. That haligdom must have been very powerful to hide her mind from two different Gyden – to the extent that her mind was so pure that she could both betray them and become a Sacerd. It was her that caused her sisters to be slaughtered in Gatina and for Tabiti’s heart-stone to be placed with a guard-stone in Mylae.’

‘So without the haligdom, she would have been going mad.’

After a few days, Conn was finally able to join everyone in the longhus; Aelfmund did a long speech about how grateful the village was, and Oisin just gave him a hug and kiss. Conn was about ready to go home, and certainly Lile and Ailidh were. They had enjoyed their time in the village but it was getting a little cold in the forest. Conn wasn’t intending to ride; he had made alternative arrangements and they would head to the coast tomorrow.

He had a final question of Aelfmund.

Aelfmund couldn’t help him. ‘We do not know why Goibniu stopped being Casere, but the stories say that it was caused by the inability of the Priecuman to see past their own rewards. My grandfather said to me that if the Priecuman lack unity, then disunity is preferred. But what he wanted, we do not remember.’

The feast continued until late and the next morning they prepared to leave. They rode to the coast; where a ship waited for them. Conn had sent wiga ahead to light a beacon for Njil, who had been waiting for a day.

Oisin and Jowan told him that they were not going with them. They were still needed in Piada – Elva was also staying for the winter. They would ride out in spring and meet Conn in Tovio.

Derryth gave him a hug. ‘Now don’t do anything silly while I’m away will you. Tell me again what the plan is again for spring?’

‘We are going to lead a rebellion.’

‘A rebellion? Wonderful, I’ve always wanted to be in a rebellion. Who are we rebelling against?’

‘Fallon, my new Healdend. I find his leadership illegal and degrading to the people on my demesne.’ Conn told him about the Eaorldom of Ilissus.

‘Do you have any people in your demesne?’

‘None that know I’m their new lord. I just hope they are appreciative.’

‘Of you turning up and leading them into a war? Good luck with that. I’ll see you in spring.’



Back on the ship, Njil told him that Eggar had returned and was waiting for him in Silekiak, and as soon as they returned, they organized to meet him. It was fairly easy; Turlough was staying at “The Salty Eel”; where the top floor was reserved for Conn.

Lile greeted the man with a hug; Conn asked him about the voyage.

‘Very comfortable and fast. Your ship caused great consternation as we arrived – no one had seen such a splendid vessel.’

‘And the Healdend?’

‘He is well – he sends his best wishes to you and Lile.’ He looked at the girl. ‘He is saddened that you have to be under such duress.’

Lile smiled. ‘It is hard to call it duress. Let me tell you what we have been doing.’

An hour later an amazed Turlough had to get her to stop talking.

‘It would seem that you have had quite an adventure… anyway, to business.’

He reached for a bag, withdrew and handed over two documents; the first was that one that Conn had prepared for Turlough to take with him.

‘My Healdend has accepted the terms of your offer; and his seal has been affixed.’

Lile tried to sound a little miffed. ‘Just like that he gives me away again. No negotiation? No demanding of better terms?’

Turlough took her seriously; ‘Lile, the terms are incredibly generous to Sytha; your father did not wish to put those at risk.’

Lile sighed, with a sly smile. ‘Yes I know; still…’

Conn was reading the separate document – a proclamation that he was now the Marquis of Rila in Sytha.

‘Turlough, it is excellent news. As you will have noticed, there are a lot of ships in this harbour – there are even more in the other two harbors. I have prepared a flotilla of fifteen vessels. Seven, under the command of Njil, will go with you to Sytha with the wiga, while the other fleet will head to Rila under Eggar’s command. They are another five hundred men – but I am also sending two companies of my Engineer Corp. I suspect that within two week you will be on your way again.’

‘So soon?’

Conn nodded. ‘I assumed that the Healdend would agree to my terms so they have been standing by. The only difficulty is that the ships have not been idle. I presume Eggar has been able to make copies of all the maps that are available?’

‘Yes, indeed. And also the trade agreement has been approved. My Healdend was most impressed with the goods that you sent.’

‘Well, by summer next year he will be doubly impressed. I’m sure Wuffa will be able to put together a flotilla of ships to satisfy all needs in Sytha. Anyway; we have a feast to attend tonight with the Wealdend.’

Lile stood up suddenly. She looked at Conn. ‘Eaorl, I feel the need to have a word with you in private.’

Conn was surprised. ‘Now?’

‘Now – if you don’t mind…’

Conn looked at Turlough with a confused smile and stood and followed Lile out of the room and up the stairs. She arrived at his door and opened it, directing him to go ahead. He did, and she followed him inside. She closed the door, and turned and started to take off her clothes. She directed him to do the same.

Conn complained. ‘But the handfasting ceremony is tonight.’

She shrugged. ‘I don’t need a ceremony – I’ve been watching silently as you have been fornicating with all the others and but now it is my turn. Get on the bed.’

Conn was down to his pants, and he was undoing his buckle. ‘I thought you weren’t that kind of Folgere?’

‘I wasn’t – but I learnt a lot watching them.’

~x299~

Ailidh performed the official ‘handfasting’ ceremony that night – and the feast celebrated the union. Of all his bedda, Lile was only the third to whom he had actually performed a handfasting ceremony – the others was Fiona il Gatina and Granuaile il Mazra. Not that Conn had broken any rules – and none of his children were considered “illegitimate” – that concept simply didn’t exist. It was because none of the other women he had slept with were considered “off limits” in any way – all had been “given away” in the past by their families in exchange for a dowry. Widowed, divorced, or “downgraded” bedda were totally free to do as they wished. When Conn made the request of Ailbe in Gatina, he had expected that it would have been a girl of sixteen or seventeen to turn up – Fiona did instead. As for Granuaile, her father “gave” her to him.

Conn moved back to Mantu soon after Turlough and the flotilla had departed for Sytha; it was a location close to his wiga and the new dock were much more conducive to the loading and unloading of livestock. He needed to get a thousand horses into Ilissus if he was to make his rebellion real – and there was no dock yet in Ilissus able to unload his ships. His Logistics Corp was working on the problem with him – the major problem being that horses did not like floating pontoons.

The Engineer Corp was heading to Piada as soon as the weather allowed, with the objective of building a dock there. Jowan was waiting for them; he was going to use Piada as a staging post – and the extra hundred wiga that they could provide would be very useful in Rakia.

Mantu was also his communication center, and Fiona in Gatina informed him that the failure of the Rakians in Silekia, along with their isolation, was causing tensions within Rakia – and the loyalty of some of the Eaorls was being called into question with talk of treason. Those in the firing line were Syra and Hera – both now led by his former captives – so Conn decided to complete one extra mission before the “rebellion” commenced.

Lile was very quickly pregnant, much to her annoyance, and she moved to Tovio with Sileas as Conn, Elva and Derryth departed for Gatina. Both had just returned from Piada when Conn informed Derryth of his new plans.

‘You want to do WHAT?’ He was a little exasperated.

‘Go and visit Fiona in Gatina – I’m sure she is missing me.’

‘A simple rebellion you said. Just three thousands of us against ten thousand of them – and now you want to have a holiday in Gatina before you rebel, to fornicate with one of your bedda. Priecuman….’ He shook his head but accepted another Lykian Bitter from Conn. ‘I think it made more sense when I was running around the forest, naked, trying to get in touch with my inner self.’

‘I’m not touching that. To be honest, there are some people I want to speak to on the way.’

Two days later Conn led out a group of ten Twacuman wiga. It would take at least twenty days to get to Eriak, travelling in the foothills of the mountains that defined northern Rakia – into Mylae and then into Syra and then Gatina. Being early spring the herds of sheep and goats that would make their way up the higher pastures had yet to arrive and Rakia was impoverished enough to be lightly populated away from the coast. Years of war and other deprivations had restricted growth.

After eight days, they were in northern Syra and his scouts spotted a group of riders camped in a small glade. It should be Leodhas, Eaorl of Syra, and the colours on the riders suggested that. Nonetheless, they watched the group silently for an hour before Conn fired an arrow that embedded itself into a tree trunk a yard in front of Leodhas’ eyes. They all jumped to his feet and drew their swords. Leodhas inspected the arrow, told them to put their swords away and waved Conn in.

‘You do like to make an entrance don’t you, Eaorl.’ Leodhas spoke as Conn dismounted.

Conn shook his hand warmly. ‘It has been a while, Leodhas, and I hear that you are too the Eaorl! What happen to your brother?’

‘Sadly for him, he died from an illness – with only a young daughter. I am raising her and her mother is my bedda.’

Behind Leodhas, another figure stepped forward. Conn recognized him instantly.

It was Ibor of Lipara.

‘Ibor – I did not expect to see you. You are a long way from home.’

He smiled a sad smile. ‘I try to stay as far away from home as I can. I serve as Leodhas’s Folctoga. There is not much fun to be enjoyed anywhere near Rakiak.’

Conn introduced the two men to Derryth and Elva as they joined him. They were very surprised to see Twacuman. Conn explained the whole Feorhhyrde thing. They were stunned. They sat down around the fire. Leodhas was direct. ‘I hope you have a plan to get us out of this mess we are in.’

‘Have you heard of Ilissus?’

They had – but not the finer details.

Leodhas burst out laughing, ‘Alric will go apoplectic when he hears that. Gyden, I’d like to be there to see that – but it is still too risky. I might laugh. What do you want us to do?’

‘Not get yourself killed for starters. But I’m expecting that you might like to join the rebellion – and ask to be returned to Gatina. Devnet, I expect, will be happy for you to return and a fryd of three hundred will provide you with additional protection against any reprisals.’

‘Where is the fyrd?’

‘In Eriak...it will be in Hera within a week. You will be protected from Hera.’

They pondered the idea.

‘And Devnet agrees to all this?’

‘Not yet – but he will.’

‘So he doesn’t know yet?’

‘Loose lips sink ships. The less that know the better. What I need you to do is write a letter to Devnet telling him what you intent to do. I have in fact prepared the letter for you. I have another one for Fionn.’

Leodhas took the letter and read it. ‘What do you hope to achieve?’

‘I need Fallon to reduce his Fryd to as few competent men as possible; I want to reduce the deaths. There will be enough time for us all to die later – when the Ancuman arrive.’

‘Ancuman – why would they want to invade – are they not just advisors to the Healdend?’

‘No, not just advisors – they want to keep Meshech in a state of turmoil so that when they invade, there is little opposition. With the turmoil gone, they will have to send a bigger fyrd – but they will send one.’

‘When?’

‘Not sure – but I have to fix the Ratakian problem as soon as possible.’

“I hope you are right about this, Eaorl, but I hope you are wrong about the Ancuman. I have seen their wiga.’ Leodhas signed the letter that that Conn has pre-prepared, and handed it back. ‘I do not want to be facing them in battle – even if I am in your fryd.’

A few days later he met with Fionn il Hera and a week later, Conn arrived in Eriak, his Eaorldom in Gatina. It had been a while since he had visited, but it looked as if building plans had proceeded as expected. It was no longer a small and impoverished town; it was now a strong garrison harbor; strong high walls and imposing towers. It purpose was to ensure that the harbour was protected; and if Conn controlled the oceans, it would remain unassailable for years.

He had asked that Devnet meet him there and as they got close, it was obvious that he was as there were a significant number of wiga camped inside the walls.

‘Well, he certainly brought a few friends.’ Derryth noted dryly.

Inside the palisade walls, they were surprised to find Ailbe, Healdend, as well as Devnet waiting for him; along with Fiona and the four blue eyes wonders that were his daughters. The girls were enchanted by the sight of the Twacuman and it wasn’t long before Derryth was telling them stories about their siblings. Only half of them were true – Derryth was learning too well.

They were finally sitting in the hall. ‘Thank you both for coming. I didn’t expect to see you, Ailbe.’

‘Curiosity got the better of me. It is a long way to ride for no good reason… and you seldom do something for nothing…’

Conn handed Ailbe and Devnet the letters from the two Ratakian Eaorls, and they read them with interest. Devnet smelt a rat.

‘These two wouldn’t just rebel against Fallon just like that… what else is going one?’

‘Let me tell you about Ilissus.’

The pair were very quiet at the end of the explanation. Ailbe nodded his head in understanding.

‘I recall being taught that the treaty was a mistake – if they had waited a week longer Rakia would have fallen. It seems that the Ancuman troops that made them so difficult to fight were now fighting each other. Some kind of internal battle back home was effecting the wiga in Meshech. The Eaorl of Ilissus had won his victory but was asked to stop his advance. He didn’t forgive his Healdend – and they were childhood friends and cousins.’ Ailbe thought for longer, savouring the wine. He looked at Conn. ‘You really think this will work?’

‘Akarah will join with Hera as soon as they can – my three companies and your two companies in place to protect Akarah will give Fallon little room. Mylae will fall quickly – the Eaorl has no interest in war, but Lipara and Motya are different. Soloes is Silekian so he could be encouraged to change side as well. I very much doubt that he will want my thousand horses messing up his wheat fields. ’

Ailbe took in a deep breath and exhaled slowly. He looked at his son. ‘It seems a good plan. Anyway, Tabiti tells me to do what you request.’ He looked sharply at Conn. ‘Why is it that all the Gyden are on your side? What is it that they know that you are not telling me, I wonder. So yes, we will do as you request. Besides, there is some satisfaction in recovering some of our traditional demesnes.’

‘Good; thank you. I am grateful. It is much easier if we do it this way. ’

Ailbe was curious about Conn’s impending expedition into Sytha. Conn had raised two companies of wiga from Gatina – not to fight in Meshech but to chance their hands at rewards over the ocean. Conn explained it as best he could. There was still so much unclear. They then spoke about the new fortifications around Eriak.

‘Should the Ancuman arrive here, they will want to take the harbour – but will find it extremely difficult. It can withstand a siege for years – which ties up huge quantities of wiga. Inside here we can also support about ten thousand people if necessary.’

‘All I can say is that I am glad I didn’t pay for it.’

Conn smiled mischievously. ‘But you did.’

‘Well, I guess that is true enough.’ He shook his head. ‘So let’s drink a toast, Eaorl.’ Ailbe used the title without thinking, and he surprised himself. ‘Let’s drink a toast to future victories.’ They did and Ailbe continued, ‘And there is nothing else you want?’

Conn laughed – they were getting used to him. ‘No, not for the moment – I’ll let you know.’

Conn spent a few days around Eriak – spending time with his children – as well as some quality time with Fiona – before he had to depart. His first Witan in Silekiak was only a few weeks away, and he didn’t want to miss that.



About ten days into their twenty day return journey, in the mountains of Mylae, scouts returned to advise that there was trouble ahead.

‘Feorhhyrde, we seem to have a large group of people waiting for us. They are about a day’s ride ahead and seem content to wait.’

‘Do we know who or what they are?’

‘Rakians, but a few Ancuman as well.’

‘How many?’

‘About fifty.’

Conn and Derryth looked at each other.

‘Ancuman? Well that makes things interesting. I wonder how they found that we were coming this way. There must be a leak in the bucket somewhere. Can we go around them?’ He addressed the question to Derryth.

‘If we go into the great forest, yes – but the way there is very old and hard. We would be better going back.’

‘Or we could go through them.’

Derryth sighed. ‘I was afraid you would say that. There are 5 to 1 odds.’

Elva noted dryly, ‘And not in our favour.’

Derryth agreed; ‘Feorhhyrde has always liked to tackle bad odds.’

‘I like to give the other guy a chance…’

They rode on further until they were a distance of a two hour walk to the Rakian. They camped high and secure in a cave against the mountains, with one of the Twacuman left behind to guard the horses. Soon they headed out; Conn and Elva on the downward side while the Twacuman went high. They were slow and methodical; they wanted to get in a close as possible without being noticed – and with the Twacuman on your side, that was easily achieved. A few outlying sentries were silenced without being missed, and at dusk, the camp was visible and a sentry post was on top of a large boulder that Conn was able to get behind.

Conn could hear them speaking.

‘Shouldn’t they be here by now? I hate this waiting.’

‘Maybe – but I saw them nearly three weeks ago. When he spoke to the Eaorl he said that he wouldn’t be gone for long.’

‘What else did they speak about?’

‘I don’t know – I got out of there as soon as I could so I could claim the reward. Once he is dead, I’m going to be a rich man!’

‘What about the Eaorl?’

‘Dunno – but I think the Healdend is going to deal with them next.’

Conn had been able to get around so that he could see the two men; he was in the shade, so they couldn’t see him yet. It was time; the sun had just tipped over the horizon. He stepped out and unsheathed his swords.

‘Who has to die for you to be rich?’ He asked innocently.

The Ratakian answered without thinking. ‘The feorrancund of course!’ He then realized it wasn’t his comrade asking the questions and turned towards the voice. His last image before he died was Conn’s sword and face. His comrade had a few moments more. Almost immediately, the empty thud that was the sound of arrows hitting bodies rang out; the Twacuman were finding targets from the high side and as the attack was announced, more men leapt into action from the camp – some into the direct line of fire of Elva, who struggled to provide cover for Conn as he ran up the hill, his bow in hand, firing as he ascended.

The camp was in turmoil and the first group of wiga who raced towards him with swords met the fury of his two blade attack; possibly not since the time of Musashi had anyone been as deadly with two blades. Leaving the dead and the dying, Conn burst into the central camp, the effectiveness of his attack was demonstrated by the pile of bodies that lay around. Sheltered behind a large tree he signalled to Derryth and Elva to stop firing, and he waited. Sensing the pause, three wiga burst out from under a large tree trunk that lay on the ground, providing them with a perfect hiding place. Conn stepped out as the heading towards him.

‘Going somewhere?’ The three were rooted to the ground momentarily before the Ratakian, who would have been the Folctoga, unsheathed his sword to engage Conn in what was a short battle. The other two were Ancuman – an older man and a younger woman; another bonded pair. The man was tall, dark skinned and extremely powerful, and he swung the broadsword with mean intent.

They attacked Conn with vigour, and Conn struggled to defend against the larger blades; but his speed of foot continued to get him out of trouble. The two katana was not a good matchup to the broadswords given the extra reach and they fact that he was facing two against one.

Elva had arrived and saw that Conn was being surrounded by and engaging with the pair of Ancuman wiga.

‘Do you want me to take care of the girl for you?’

‘ No,’ Conn yelled, ‘there are only two of them, and the girl is still fairly young, and’, as he ducked under a sweeping blow from her broadsword, rolling just out of the way of the supplementary from the man, ‘she hasn’t had as much training as the last pair. It would seem,’ Conn said as he leapt onto a boulder to avoid a double strike from both of them, ‘that she is just a new partner. The others were definitely better,’ as a block by his double swords prevented his head being taken off.

To that point they had been very stoic and unspoken. But the girl couldn’t help herself. ‘What other pair is superior to us?’ she asked indignantly. Her partner looked at her with annoyance and he circled Conn.

‘Fara and Anup – they fought valiantly.’ And another side dive and forward roll got Conn out of trouble again, as his statement made both Ancuman pause. His swords were too short. ‘This is ridiculous. Elva, throw me the Claymore.’

Conn had brought the Claymore with him, as he always did, and had carried it down with him. But he left it with Elva as he came up the hill. Conn rolled out of the way and stood next to Elva. He handed the katana to Elva and sheathed the wakizashi as he retrieved the Claymore. For the first time they noticed that the other voice was a Twacuman. They looked at each other in surprise.

‘While are the Twacuman fighting with the Feorrancund?’

Conn tried to act surprised. ‘The eternal question. You must have missed the memo? I am the Feorhhyrde.’

The older man snarled as Conn walked down towards him. ‘Then your death will be every more satisfying. ‘

‘It is not going to happen today – let’s see what you guys are like when mine is as long as yours. In fact, sweetheart,’ and he looked pointedly at the girl when he said it, ‘I think mine is longer than his!’ Without the disadvantage of length of sword, Conn was soon able to engage fully but he was still fighting two against one, but even so, Conn was still the superior wiga, and concern started to grow on their faces.

The battle should have been over by now, and around them Twacuman wiga started to arrive, and strangely sit and watch. It was clear to the Ancuman that even if they won, they were going to lose, and in a brief pause, the man whispered something to the girl and she nodded. As they started the manoeuvre, Conn knew he had seen it before – the last time it had nearly killed him, so this time he knew what you do; instead of going left as you felt inclined; to the weaker, you needed to go right to the stronger.

In a flurry of swinging swords, they attacked as Conn ducked and parried, and then slid under the killer stroke of the male; who was surprised to find the wakizashi embedded into his chest. He sunk to his knees gripping the sword – disbelief written all over his face. Conn let the girl go to his side, and she held him as he died. There was pain but no tears on her face.

Conn addressed her. ‘Do you want to continue or do you surrender? I know you guys have a thing about surrendering. You know you can’t defeat me.’

‘If I surrender, I am Theow; it is the same as death.’

The girl stood for a long moment in contemplation as she prepared her last act. Elva was getting impatient.

‘Oh, hurry up. Attack him with the sword and die or impale yourself with it and die or surrender and live. I can promise you that fornicating with him will not be a disappointment but do something, please, its nearly dinner time and there is so much to do before I can eat. I’m famished. DECIDE!’

She looked at Elva with astonishment at the outburst. Conn saw the resolve harden as she gripped the handle of her sword and prepare to attack Conn. She charged forward; a swing, a parry and the inevitable ending. It was quick and clean and she fell to the ground; dead before her beautiful face hit the dirt.

‘Such a shame.’

With so many dead it took them some time to have all the bodies interned and they covered the top of the grave with a mound of stones. Conn organized a pyre for the two Ancuman wiga – if nothing else he admired their bushido and after they had joined their ancestors in the wind, they returned to camp.

Elva responded to Conn’s melancholy.

‘I don’t think you can ever expect them to surrender willingly. They are not trained that way.’

‘I know – but I can only ask.’ Conn looked at Elva sharply. ‘And you said “not a disappointment” – couldn’t you have said “enjoyable” or even “unbelievable” – “not a disappointment” hardly gives anyone incentive to surrender does it?’

Elva shook her head. ‘Priecuman…anyway, she was very pretty and she certainly had large breasts, and you still have your strange liking of large breasts. Speaking of breasts – want to go for a walk in the bushes? I’ve found a nice secluded spot.’

‘What, now?’

‘You seem a little sad – fornicating seems to cheer you up. Especially when we do it your special way… you can always say no…’

Conn stood up. ‘When have I ever said no?’ He offered her his hand, and she stood beside him.

‘Besides, I want to see if you can go beyond “not a disappointment”.

~x309~





Chapter 25


After almost ten days on the road, they arrived in Tovio, where they stayed for a week before they continued on to Mantu, and then went by ship to Silekiak. Sileas and Lile weren’t in Tovio; as they had proceeded them to the town in preparation for the Witan. Being the first full gathering of all Eaorls in some years, it was a special occasion.

From the docks in Silekia, it was a ten minute walk to the great Hall – and Ailidh greeted them at the door of the Great Hall. He kissed her warmly and patted her stomach. ‘How is it going?’

She rubbed his hand as it lay on her stomach. ‘Very well; this time I have Morna to protect the child.’

As Conn looked up from her, Morna was standing there. Conn was ‘almost’ startled to see the Folgere, dressed in white.

He gave her a hug and kiss.

‘I’m so glad that you got out alive.’

‘There was only eighty of them – we had Inanna on our side. They were the ones lucky to get out alive – in fact one didn’t – he died in the arms of one of the Folgere.’

Derryth and Elva moved to where Lile waited and sat with her at a large circle of tables to eat and drink. It took Conn some time to join them – though he soon had a cup in his hand and he was continually being refilled. Today was celebrations – tomorrow was the Witan.

That being said, Ailidh took the opportunity to award medals – lots of campaign medals, some Silekian Valor Medals, as well as new appointments to the Order of the Cirice. After breakfast the next day, they gathered for the Witan, and it was going to take some time to get through everything on the agenda. The first item was the reading and confirming of all the Eaorls in Silekia – some had never been officially confirmed due to the usurping of the demesnes. After the Silekians Eaorls were confirmed, including Sileas, and their designated heirs registered, they moved on to Ilissus.

The librarian read out all the information they had collected, and Ailidh made her proposal. There was no dissent, and Conn was declared Eaorl of Ilissus in Silekia, and the new crest, designed by Conn and incorporating his golden sun standard with the Cirice motif, was unfurled for the first time ever in Silekia. Conn then stood and read out the letter that he was going to send to Fallon.

Fallon il Rakia, Healdend.

As per the accompanying proclamation from the Witan of Silekia, I have been proclaimed Eaorl of Ilissus as per the desires and intentions of the last Eaorl, and have accepted the obligation and responsibilities of that position.

As Eaorl of Ilissus, I have determined that your actions and policies in my demesne are unconscionable and intolerable, and I regret to inform you that I find myself unable to kneel in submission to your overlordship, and thus declare myself Rebel, as is the right of all Eaorls since the first Casere.

As your rule cannot be consideration anything other than despotic and unjust, and thus contrary of the obligations of a Healdend, I invite all others who find themselves of the same opinion to join me in rebellion. I have sent this declaration to all members of your Witan, as is my right, and I await your justice, as is your right.

Conn il Taransay, Eaorl of Ilissus, etc.



Sir Sebbi could hold back his laughter. ‘I would love to be there when he reads that. How are you getting it to him?’

‘Njil has captured a few Rakian vessels – I have bribed one of the Captains to take it back – with a full cargo of wheat. He will be rich once he sells that.’

‘And how are you getting your wiga into Ilissus?’

‘That is a plan in progress, but I will be leaving tomorrow for Piada – I have a rebellion to lead.’

After the Eaorls were confirmed, the Witan also proclaimed the creation of Barons and Lairds – Conn was the first in Silekia when he was made Baron of Mantu. Conn’s other reforms were carried as well; primarily the Guilds and the People’s Assembly. Not well understood by all present, Conn’s championing of the causes and their level of indebtedness to him carried the day. They had trusted him this far without question – it seemed churlish to stop now.



With the formalities out of the way, Conn joined Derryth and Njil on a topsail and sailed for Ilissus; where, a couple of days later, they docked in the new harbor of Piada. From the harbor itself, Ilissus was just a short trip over the ocean – some hours away. With the installation of the harbor, Njil had been sailing the entire coastline; he hadn’t attacked anyone – he was just mapping the coastline. He had also dropped in groups of Twacuman to investigate the villages of the former demesne of Soloes. The information was then compiled onto maps

Conn stood in front of the resulting map.

‘So this is the largest village on the north side of the peninsular? How big is it?’

‘Less than a hundred families. It belongs to the Thane of Ilissus.’

‘And the dock; can we use it?’

‘I don’t think the schooners will fit – but I have all your cogs arriving soon – we should be able to use those until we can extend the dock. Perhaps fifty horses a day.’

‘Very well; let’s go and ruin the Thane’s day.’

It was daybreak, and Conn and Derryth were on a cog while Njil was ahead on a schooner. Conn surveyed the village of Ilissus with his telescope.

‘So we have confirmed that the third building past the hall is derelict and no one lives in it?’

‘We have.’

‘And Njil thinks that he can hit that without taking out the hall? The mangonel are not the most accurate.’

‘He says he has been practising.’

They watched as the schooner did what it hadn’t on previous passes via the village; it turned and came in closer—and as it passed the village the deck borne mangonel let fly. Conn watched a boulder fly through the air and landed directly on top of the derelict building. It shattered into a million splinters.

Conn was impressed. ‘Not bad – not bad at all. Which is the second target?’

‘There is an old guard tower; also unused, at the end of the harbour. They should be coming up to it now.’

They watched the second volley of stones –this time from the fore and aft mangonel; and the building crumbled before their eyes. By this time the village had been aroused and people were streaming out to the docks; the wiga were rushing to arm themselves against an unseen foe. When they saw the tower fall it was clear that their entire village was about to be destroyed so when Njil turned to pass the village again, they brought out the white flag.

This was Conn’s cue, and the smaller vessel, with the golden sun on the brown sails, eased its way into the harbour. Docked, a hundred wiga descended into the village; lining the walkway from the dock to the hall. Conn walked along, with Derryth and Elva at his side. At the doorway to the hall, a middle aged man and his family waited; the children gathered behind the bedda and the bedda behind the Thane. They looked terrified.

Conn stopped in from of the man. ‘Are you Ceolred, Thane of Ilissus?’

He nodded.

‘Good. I am Conn il Taransay, Eaorl of Ilissus.’ Ceolred was about to say something but Conn held up his hand. ‘Before you ask, I wish to present you with a proclamation sealed by the Wealdend of Silekia that grants me the title of Eaorl. Are you aware that the Wealdend or Healdend of Silekia is actually the Eaorl of Ilissus?’

Ceolred nodded. ‘I am aware of that – my ancestor refused to do the will of the Healdend of Rakia – that was his revenge.’ He looked at the proclamation; and then he read Conn’s letter to Fallon. He actually laughed. ‘It is well that Thanes are not allowed in Rakiak – I would have had difficulty not laughing when that insufferable child abuser read that.’

Ceolred looked at the increasing number of ships on the horizon. ‘Eaorl, it appear that I am yours to command – and I do that happily. What do you want me to do?’

‘I need to take over your village. I promise to give it back in a better condition.’

‘Do you need us to leave?’

‘Not necessary. We will need your men as well.’

‘Your wish is my command, Eaorl.’ He yelled at his Reeve and gave him instructions. Conn had been joined by the commander of his Engineer Corp, and the Reeve was put under his control. Ceolred’s Folctoga and wiga were put under the control of the Major of the fyrd.

‘All settled – lets go inside and sit down. If we stay out here, we’ll just get in the road of people who know what they are doing.’

Conn followed the Thane inside, and they sat down in the shabby, dusty and smoke laden hall. Conn coughed, he hated smoke. One of the bedda apologized.

‘Eaorl – we have little but what we have I will send for. It has been a hard winter – and the wiga that once guarded the Cirice took what extra we had.’

‘Have the wiga left?’

Ceolred answered. ‘Yes – for some reason what they tried to prevent happening happened so there was no purpose to them being there anymore. But they took all our supplies before they left.’ He shrugged. ‘It could have been worse.’ He looked between Conn and the Twacuman. ‘Eaorl – I don’t understand why you have Twacuman in your fyrd…’

Conn found the only way to answer the question was direct. ‘I have been rude – this is Derryth of Halani, and Elva of Halani.’ They were then joined by a dozen people carrying in supplies. And as for your previous question – I am also the Feorhhyrde.’

‘Feorhhyrde? The Feorhhyrde has returned!’ He looked at Conn a bit knowingly. ‘You are the same man who defeated the Gatinan forces in Troakia aren’t you – and of course expelled the Rakians from Silekia…’

‘I am.’

‘Well, well, well. This is all very interesting. I’m going to look forward now – rather than back. My family has had to call itself Rakian for two hundred years – and we are Rakian no more. We are Silekians again.’ Tears started to run down his cheek and he wiped them away. ‘We are Silekians again!’

The Logistics Corp was now up and running and it wasn’t long before food and drink was brought into the hall. It was an early lunch and everything looked like they could do with a decent meal. Of course, nearly everyone one in the village was starting to congregate in the hall, and the Thane was hard pressed explaining and informing. They were also there for the food.

Conn left the Thane to it and went outside. The first of the horses were being unloaded, and as soon as they could, squads of Sagittari were out to secure the harbor vicinity and beyond. Archers had been the first to be dispatched, but their range was limited.

Pontoons had been towed from Piada and were being used to expand the jetty so that the schooners could dock and after two days, with that possible, larger numbers of horses and men were accumulating in the village. The Engineer Corp had every available man working on something, and new buildings – barns – appeared daily for horses or barracks.

After ten days Ceolred could hardly recognize his village. He and Conn were astride horses overlooking the harbor and the road east.

Ceolred was stunned. ‘If I hadn’t seen it I wouldn’t have believed it. The skill of your men is unsurpassed. I think my home is greater than even that of my former overlord.’

Conn was looking to the east. ‘Speaking of which; it appears that we might have had movement from Soloes.’

A day after his arrival, Conn had sent wiga from the Thane’s staff by boat to Soloes and Lipara; telling them that the Eaorl of Ilissus had just arrived and brought his Fyrd of five hundred into Ilissus and they could either join the rebellion and stand aside or be prepared for battle in three weeks. He reminded them that it was unlikely that Fallon would have reinforcements to them in that time frame – and they would be fighting battle experienced wiga from the war in Trokia.

In the distance, Conn could see a group of his wiga escorting a dozen other riders; they displayed the guidon of his force as well as the guidon they had prepared for the Eaorl of Soloes. Conn liked to know in advance what was happening. Conn watched and waited as the Eaorl was escorted into the village and then descended from his vantage point to join him. A little waiting never hurt anyone.

When Conn arrived with the Thane into his modernized hall, without smoke, there were two men waiting for him. Ceolred introduced them; his former overlord, Meilseoir, and his Folctoga Beohart.

Conn asked them to sit and gave them some of his best wine.

‘Meilseoir, I must say that I am surprised to see you – all you had to do was send a message.’

Meilseoir agreed. ‘Indeed – but you have put us in an invidious position – we know that we cannot compete against your wiga – but if Fallon defeats your forces, we will be treated as traitors and executed. To avoid that outcome, we would be better fighting your forces and being killed then and there – maybe some of us will survive. If we rebel and Fallon wins, none of us will survive.’

‘I see your problem. You know that I have five hundred wiga here – I believe that you have met some of them?’

‘Indeed I have – and they compare to nothing I have seen before. And the Twacuman – we saw Twacuman when we arrived…they have not ridden with Priecuman forces since Sherric.’

‘Indeed, and I have another fifteen hundred Priecuman wiga waiting in Tovio. They are gathered on the border. Breasal will be thinking that rebelling is his best option – he at least can be assured that I can protect him. Then there is Lipara – I have been in contact with Ipan – he was my prisoner for a year as you might know – and he serves as Folctoga to his brother Godmund. Ipan will, I’m sure, present a solid case for rebelling. The Eaorls of Hera, Syra and Akarah will also have indicated their desire to return to Gatina by now.’

‘So it all falls apart… but what of Motya and Tindara?’

‘Both are very close to Fallon – I doubt they will change their allegiances. Tindara will have to face the combined forced of Syra, Hera – and the Eaorl of Eriak’s forces – but I don’t expect that they will be that difficult to defeat. Motya and Alric will have to deal with me…’

‘Eriak – isn’t that in Gatina… but isn’t the Eaorl …?’

Conn nodded and smiled. ‘It is hard to be in two places at once – but Devnet of Gatina is leading in my stead. He had learnt much since Pontia.’

‘So you cannot lose?’

‘It tempts fate to say so, but it is inconceivable that Alric will defeat my fyrds. He simply lacks the manpower or resources to do so. He is being starved of both. If he surrendered, he could live, but he will never do that.’

They finally agreed that rebelling against Fallon seemed to have more upsides than downsides. Conn also promised a hundred tons of wheat to be delivered within the week – free of charge – and more deliveries after that. Food was in short supply everywhere in Rakiak and the harvest was yet to be completed. The harvest in Lycia were some of the best, and even Silekia had managed to plant a large winter wheat crop that looked very promising. The seed that Conn had supplied them was robust as well as prolific after

A few days later it was confirmation that Breasal had also decided to “join” the rebellion, and stand aside as Conn’s Tovion fyrd, led by Aelfstan il Jasi, crossed the border into Mylae and headed for Motya. Aelfstan was the younger son of Eaorl Sighard, and had been Wilgar’s deputy – as well as brother of his bedda – for some time. With Wilgar busy in Melnik, Aelfstan had been given command of the fyrd waiting in Tovio.

With that knowledge, Conn led the fyrd north, and then turned southeast; crossing the mountain and heading direct for the town of Motya. He expected to arrive only a few days earlier than Aelfstan.





Chapter 26


Instead of following the usual road to Soloes, Conn went direct, using his Twacuman scouts to find a way through the mountain range that ran down the middle of Ilissus. Whist it was arduous with the numbers of horses – each man led two, it saved them days of travel, and they arrived at the river that was the border between Soloes and Moya without opposition. Benen and Ceolred had been their emissaries along the way; to ensure that no one-one did anything rash, and after a few days they were finally ensconced in the small fishing village that sat at the mouth of a river, overlooking Motya.

Scouts had reported that the fyrd of the Eaorl of Motya, around a thousand men strong, were spread out facing the usual rivers crossings, and given the time of year, and river was still high, and with safe crossings limited, Conn was not prepared to put his men at risk by making them cross at single ford. The odds were stacked against them with the Rakians waiting on one side

Conn send riders north to meet with Aelfstan before he arrived. He was to wait at the river until he had further instructions.

Conn needed a diversion, and he sat considering his options in a very run down Inn in the village some miles west, with Benen and Ceolred, and they were looking at maps. Conn’s Twacuman had taken control of the village while the rest of the fyrd waited outside of town.

‘So where is Eaorl of Motya’s residence? Do we know?’

The current Eaorl of Motya was Art, who despite his father’s death in prison, had succeeded to the demesne. Consequently he was probably determined to fight to the last man. Any failure here would look very bad.

Benen pointed out the location of the town – it was less than a day’s ride from their current position, but across the river and bay.

‘His donjon is in the centre – it is fairly well protected with palisades that are high and strong. There are barracks are on the northern most side, and we’ve established that most of his wiga are here’ he pointed, ‘waiting for you to cross.’

‘What’s on this side?’ Conn pointed to the west; the area between the town and their current position. He addressed the question to the Thane of the village.

‘Not a lot – the land is a single demesne but the soil is poor – limited areas are under crop as times have been bad and we don’t have the people we need to work in the fields. I barely have enough able men to fish the oceans.’

‘So how many boats do you have? Boats that can get men safely across to Motya without getting noticed?’

He thought for a moment. ‘Probably fifteen – carry about two hundred.’

‘That will be enough. Also how much bamboo is there around here?’

‘Bamboo? Unlimited quantities. What do you need?’

It took a couple of days to put everything into place and when he explained to Derryth what he had planned; Derryth thought it was a hair brained scheme.

‘We will be on foot.’

‘Indeed.’

‘Without food or anything.’

‘We have to travel light.’

‘Except for the pikes. We are carrying long pikes. Sure we can take coffee?’

Conn organized a hundred five yard bamboo poles to be affixed with metals spikes on one end. From his ranks he collected a hundred of his best trained pikemen and a hundred Twacuman bowmen, and the rest he sent to join Aelfstan whose fyrd had finally arrived and were now opposing the Rakians across the river.

It was late at night when Conn gathered his men at the docks. The tide was high, and they loaded the pikes, yari and a lot of arrows on to the boats, and then set out across the bay. It was less than two miles from the fishing village to the coast of Motya, and it was still dark as they guided the boats through the forested river banks and marshlands. Conn had sent two Twacuman ahead to guide the boats in and they made landfall without opposition. With the sun rising, they hid the boats and headed inland.

It was indeed lightly populated and quite underdeveloped; and they walked through the forests unchallenged until they arrived at the outskirts of the village of the local Thane.

After being spotted, their banners clearly indicated that they were Silekian, they watched as riders galloped away from the village towards the town.

Derryth was nonplussed as he watched the riders. “How do you know that he isn’t going to send five hundred of his best?’

‘We can take five hundred – and if he send too many, Osdred and Aelfstan will ford the river – and he won’t want that... he will send a small force of cavalry. Let’s go and have some coffee with the Thane.’

Derryth brightened. ‘You brought some?’

‘No, you did – the kitchen told me that you went and asked for some.’

Derryth was sheepish. ‘Well, three days without coffee is a long time…’

By the time Conn arrived at the gate of the donjon – which was now closed, the locals had retreated behind the palisades – as primitive as they were. There was no one to be seen. Conn did the civil thing and knocked on the gate.

A timid ‘Yes?’ came from the other side.

‘I am Conn il Taransay, Eoarl of Ilissus and Feorhhyrde.’ If he added to his title it saved the inevitable questions. ‘I wish to speak to your Thane…’

‘Feorhhyrde? So it is true that there are Twacuman outside…and the Feorhhyrde has returned…’ There was a pause. ‘Does the Feorhhyrde give his word that none will be harmed?’

Conn looked at Derryth. Derryth nodded. ‘It was always said that the word of the Feorhhyrde was sacrosanct.’

Conn was miffed. ‘Did anyone tell me that I wasn’t allowed to lie anymore? No! Someone should write a damn manual.’ He addressed the gate again ‘You have my word.’

‘Not your word – the word of the Feorhhyrde.’

Conn had never had his word being called into question before. He was feeling annoyed. ‘Very well; you have the word of the Feorhhyrde that no one will be harmed.’

Not long after the gate creaked open and they were confronted by a dozen old and very young wiga protecting a middle aged man. He bowed slightly.

‘I am Wilfred, Thane of this village. Welcome, we are pleased to make the acquaintance of the Feorhhyrde – the last was a revered ancestor of all our Silekians ancestors, and my own as well. How can we help you?’

‘Do you have any hot water? My friend here’, he pointed to Derryth, who bowed politely, ‘is desirous of a simple cup of coffee. If your water is hot, we have just enough time before the Eaorl comes back with his men to try and kill us.’

The Thane was stunned and rightly so. It was a very strange request. He looked at his bedda. They nodded. ‘The fire is on – the pot should be boiling…’

‘Great – lead the way.’ Conn and Derryth followed the Thane into his longhouse and to the suspended pot in the middle of the room. Derry took the two pannikins that carried in their backpacks and filled them with a rich mixture of coffee and sugar from his travel pack, and then filled the mugs with water with a ladle. After a stir, he handed one back to Conn. Conn then sipped the coffee; its aroma filling the room.

‘Ah, thank you. Needed that. Always good to go into battle with a clear head. Particularly if one is in danger of dying.’ Conn fetched a gold Ryal from his pouch and handed it to the Thane. ‘Thank you for the water.’ He then turned and let them out of the room, and through the dusty and decaying yard and out through the palisades. They had finished their coffee by this time, and Conn turned back towards the astounded Thane and his family.

‘Thank you Thane. We might come back for some more water later. You probably haven’t heard that new Eaorl of Ilissus, me, is in rebellion against the Healdend of Rakia. The Eaorls of Syra, Hera, Lipara, Soloes, Akarah and Mylae have joined in the rebellion. With any luck, it won’t be long before you are Silekian again. Farewell, I think the enemy has arrived. How far is it to the town?’

‘About fifteen miles...’

Outside they had their first confrontation; the Eaorl of Motya had sent a squad of about fifty riders to deal with the intruders, but they quickly recognized that they were out gunned after their first encounter with the pikes; their charge ended quickly and they retreated before they had almost impaled themselves on the projectiles. They send riders back to the town and then stayed and watched as Conn turned his fyrd around and marched towards the town.

On the end of town, a larger group of wiga waited for them – this time a mixture of ground troops and archers, and all the while the Calvary had grown to a couple of hundred riders and had gathered behind them as they marched, so as the strike once the ground troops had done their job.

They unfortunately hadn’t really taken into consideration the hundred archers in the middle of the pikemen – and their misunderstanding of the range and bow strength of Conn’s wiga. The first flight of arrows resulted in significant losses of ground troops, and the following mashed rush of Conn’s fyrd towards the remaining men at arms scattered the rest. The cavalry took the charge as a cue to for them to advance from behind, but the training of the pikemen allowed them to reform in the opposite direction instantaneously and before the horses had a chance to stop, which resulted in horses crashing into each other and throwing their riders, in the desperate attempt to not impale themselves. Conn had no great desire to kill all and sundry but any Rakians Folctoga found themselves as special targets, and few lived to explain their errors.

The Rakians that survived then just watched helplessly as Conn continued on his merry way into the town; Conn added insult to injury by then having a bagpiper play, with the inhabitants fleeing on sight. It was now dusk and they found themselves in view of the palisades; and in all directions, the Eaorl had sent wiga to surround them; although at a distance because of the range of Conn’s bowmen. It would have been galling and frustrating for the Eaorl – he had no way of attacking because his bowmen were outgunned – his only recourse was a suicide attack of many against few hoping they would run out of arrows, but he seemed uninclined to do that. He didn’t seem to have any artillery pieces that he could bring to bear either.

The pikes had done their job; they had go Conn into town free of attack by cavalry. It was now urban warfare – Conn’s speciality – and their first major asset was an Inn in the middle of town; they had it surrounded and secured it before anyone knew what had happened.

After redirecting a few would be escapees back into the tavern, Conn and Derryth followed them into the Inn.

As the two fronted up to the bar, the dozen patrons, the barkeep and his not-nearly-as-attractive-as-they-should-be waitresses looked at them with a mixture of fear and astonishment.

They both looked up the prices on the wall.

‘That is ridiculous – I’m going to have to charge more for wholesale. Barkeep, two mugs of the best you have – and if it isn’t the best you have, you are going to be really sorry.’

The barkeep hurried away and returned with two tankards of a foaming brew. Conn handed over, to the barkeep’s enduring surprise, a silver Ryal and collected his change. Derryth was first to try the brew. Conn followed suit.

Derryth wiped the foam from his face. ‘I’ve tasted better.’

‘I agree – possibly everything I ever tasted is better, but it is better than nothing.’

‘Marginally. So what is the normal stuff like, do you think?’

‘I’m not game to try.’ Conn turned and looked around the tavern. ‘Can I buy a drink for anyone?’

A man stood at the far end of the tavern. He walked to the bar. ‘I’ll let the Eaorl of Hama buy me a drink.’

Conn handed over more money, and ordered three mugs of the “good” stuff.

The man accepted the mug gracefully. He drank half the mug before stopping.

‘Eaorl, you were right to be cautious; the regular stuff is much worse.’

Conn studied him. He wasn’t currently a wiga, but had obviously been one in the past. ‘You served in Trokia?’

‘I did – and I was very surprised that I got out alive. I was your guest in Ushu for some time. I was very impressed and looked forward to trying much of what I had learnt – sadly I never had the opportunity.’ He held out his hand. ‘My name is Egrys – former Thane of Ashkel. I served with Amargein, and like him I was found to have failed in my duty to my Healdend. My demesne was confiscated, and my family sold as theow to recover the cost of my wergild. There are sometimes things that are worse than dying.’

‘Egrys, I am sorry to hear that.’ Conn was genuinely shocked. ‘Fallon actually sold your family as Theow?’

Egrys nodded. ‘A merchant in town bought them – they work in his house.’

‘Well, that cannot stand. Here,’ Conn reached in, found and handed over ten gold Ryals. ‘Will this be enough to buy back your family?’

Egrys, surprised at the gesture, looked at the coins, and nodded. ‘Yes – but what do I have to do for it?’

‘Not much – and nothing that I couldn’t ask any man here. I’d like you to tell the Eaorl of Motya that the Eaorl of Ilissus invites him to surrender before he gets hurt – that is his only chance of keeping his demesne. Tell him that I have two thousand Silekians over the river who will cross eventually and he know he can’t defeat the Silekians – just ask anyone who was in Trokia. I’m sure you can impress that point on him. I am also the Feorhhyrde and I have three hundred Twacuman in my fyrd as well. Tell him that I’ll be here waiting. Are you happy to do that?’

‘I noticed the Twacuman.’ He bowed respectfully to Derryth, ‘It is a long time since our town have been graced by their presence. I am happy to pass on the information.’ He turned to leave, and he turned back and shook Conn’s hand again. ‘Thank you.’

Conn looked at Derryth despairingly. ‘How come places are graced by your presence? Never mine?’

‘Just wait a bit – I’m sure there will be a female here who would like you to grace her bed…’

The followed the Thane outside and studied the night sky. The wiga were positioned all around the streets; they were too narrow for a full on cavalry charge and his archers had gained good positions to cover any attempt at men at arms storming their position – though he expected them to try.

‘We are going to need a high point; it is too far to see from here. Where is a tower?’

Derryth pointed one out and after a few instructions the fryd moved in that direction; not being prepared for the onslaught at night, the Motya wiga fled; much to the consternation of their officers, all of whom ultimately chose to flee themselves. The famous superior night vision of the Twacuman wiga made everyone very nervous.

The tower was abandoned by the time it was surrounded by Conn’s wiga, and he climbed to the tope and using his bow, fired an arrow high into the sky. At its peak, it exploded in the night sky, to the probable amazement of all those below. It was like a small sun burst, and Conn waited for the response. It was also a white flare and Conn descended.

‘All good. It would seem that there are insufficient forces to prevent their crossing; he must have pulled a lot back here. We just need some rain at dawn.’

Derryth looked at the night sky. ‘No chance of that –it’s a beautiful night.’



Derryth cursed him as they sat shivering; they were still dry but the wind had a bite to it. An hour before dawn, the clouds had set in and the rain started; a slow continuous drizzle.

Conn remonstrated with Derryth. ‘What are you looking at me like that for? It not as if I can just request rain, is it? You told me that even the Gyden can’t control weather.’

‘It is just very suspicious; that all I’m saying, just very suspicious. Are we ready? We need to finish this – I’ve run out of coffee.’

During the night, Conn and his wiga had left their base around the tower and moved silently through the town to be outside the palisade walls. The other problem for the town was that it was quite densely developed and buildings were tucked into every available space. Fighting on foot was possible, but on horseback, impossible. The building they controlled now were directly under the largest watchtower in the town.

Conn had purchased most of the buildings in the vicinity; offering gold Ryals to the inhabitants to run away. He had few refusals. He then stacked the base of the building with the small kegs of black powder that he brought specially, carried all the way from Piada.

He then ran a long fuse of the door of the building, and waited.

By midday, things started to get interesting; pinned down as they were by several hundred wiga; they observed the Rakian wiga starting to become agitated; with cavalry being replaced by infantry wiga. Conn’s fyrd must now be outside the town, and it wasn’t long before they saw the red flare, in the now blue sky. Immediately, Conn lit the fuse and watched the spark slide its way over the ground and into the shed. There was then a pause before the largest noise that anyone in Motya had ever heard; the corner tower literally exploded into matchsticks; and after the dust and smoke cleared, the hole in the wall was considerable bigger than planned.

Derryth chided Conn. ‘I don’t think you bought enough houses.’

With a signal to his bagpiper, they commenced their attack to music. Men charged through the clearing smoke, sword or bow in hand, to find chaos inside; there were bodies of dead or wounded wiga throughout the bailey; and those that were left didn’t put up much resistance; none after the first battle was concluded – that being the charge of cavalry from the main hall, led by the Earl himself. With his death, resistance crumbled, he and his riders falling to the yari wielded by Conn’s infantry. As men surrendered around him, Conn singled to one of his men and another arrow and flare soon lit up the sky; ordering his forces to withdraw. No unnecessary deaths required.

As the fryd spread out to secure the keep and collect all wiga, Conn headed up the stairs and inside the great hall.

Egrys il Ashkel was nonchalantly sitting at one of the table. He stood as Conn arrived.

‘I was wondering how long it was going to take you to get here.’ He shrugged, ‘I tried to suggest to him that he was unable to win, but he wasn’t interested. He hadn’t been to Trokia. Anything you want me to do?’

‘Yes, go and tell the cavalry to return to base – the day is lost.’

‘Very well. I can do that. No charge.’

‘Oh – and take one of my men with you to pass the message on – they will be waiting for instructions.’



After they had secured horses the two men rode out while Conn stayed in the hall. Servants and officials nervously hovered until Conn assured them that they were safe from harm. He ordered ale and bread and waited as cleaning up of the mess outside commenced. He also had all the servants clean up inside as well. He had a meeting to convene and it gave then something to do.

Very soon Egrys returned with the commanders of the Eaorl’s wiga, and not long after they were joined by a squad from Conn’s medical Corp and his commanders, Aelfstan and Osdred. He had also brought with him Conn’s old guest – Ipan il Lipara, Folctoga and Thane in Lipara. After greeting Ipan warmly, he led them inside and sat them down.

He brought them up to date with the deaths of the Eaorl, and he assumed that any desire to prolong the war was gone. The Folctoga agreed – they also looked confused – rudderless.

‘Now, I understand that Art had no sons – like me he was blessed with lots of daughters?’

The Folctoga agreed.

‘Well, so that thing can progress in an orderly manner, I am appointing Kane il Lipara as the next Eaorl of Motya.’

Kane was six years old – and not many had even heard of him, so everyone looked confused – including Ipan – who was Kane’s father.

Conn explained who he was – Kane’s mother is the daughter of the Eaorl Amargein. Ipan felt obliged to point out the obvious. ‘Eaorl, Kane is but a child…’

‘I know, so I am also appointing you, Ipan il Lipara, as Regent for his son until he reaches the age of twenty.’

Everyone still looked confused.

Conn explained. ‘You might wonder why I can do this. Well, in a short while the Healdend of Rakia will be no more – the Healdend will be gone and those demesne that were once part of Silekia, will return to Silekia. I’m sure that you will understand – given recent circumstances – that I have a certain amount of influence in the Silekian Witan?’ They nodded. ‘And it will be my recommendation that Kane be the next Eaorl, and that Ipan be Regent. Do we all agree that is a probable outcome?’

They all agreed and Conn got up to leave.

‘Good. Well, I’ll leave you now. I have a rebellion to conclude. Ipan, walk with me.’

Ipan listened to Conn as they walked out to the bailey, where his horse now waited. Derryth and half a dozen Twacuman was all that remained of his fyrd still in the town. Derryth was sipping a cup of coffee. He was holding an extra.

Conn found Egrys waiting for him. He introduced Ipan to him and explained the situation.

Egrys shook Conn’s hand again. ‘Last night I went and purchased the freedom of my bedda and children; I don’t know how to thank you enough.’

‘Your family was an inadvertent causality of the Troakian war – that wasn’t fair to them so I was happy that I could help – also, I’ve asked Ipan to return your demesne and he will be appoint you Folctoga of the wiga that remain. Good luck.’

Leaving the stunned man standing, Conn mounted the stallion, and turned and followed Derryth outside the town. Derryth hand him the coffee pannikin, and was eating bread and cheese as he rode.

Conn looked at him despairingly. ‘I hope you haven’t eaten it all; I’m starving.’

‘I thought you had some bread and cheese inside?’

‘That was what I asked for –I wasn’t sure what it was that I got. And the Eaorl’s ale was worse than the stuff we drank last night. I’m dying for a decent beer.’





Chapter 27


By the time that Conn and Derryth had caught up to the head of the fyrd, they had stopped and were preparing for the night, and an hour later Conn had a meeting with his commanders. They sat around a table and a map of Rakia, and of all his maps, Rakia was the poorest and the oldest.

He confirmed with Aelfstan. ‘So you are pretty sure that a squad of Rakians left the battle field and didn’t return to the town?’

‘They definitely took the road south. It was hard to see from a distance but I’m sure a couple were Ancuman as well.’

‘So we can assume that they know about the fall of Motya then; and we can assume that Alric will be gathering his forces to stop us going further south.’ Conn pointed to a river and surrounding area on the map. ‘According to what we know this area between here and the coast is soft ferns and marshlands – and not very hospitable to a large number of horses and carts. It has also been raining recently so we need to avoid that. And if we stay on the high lands we will run straight into them.’

‘Which could get a little messy.’ Derryth offered.

‘Indeed. Now, the river that separated Soloes and Motya heads west– as does the one that separates Rakiak and Motya. They are both sources in the range to our east. If Alric is waiting here’ Conn pointed to the river, ‘and we send part of our fyrd here – pikemen and bowmen – under Aelfstan, to wait for Alric, while the rest of us go up here, cross over here, and come down here, we’ll get behind him.’ Conn traced a line over the map.

Derryth looked at him in disbelief. ‘What happens if we can’t find a way across the range – and across the river? We will have to come back down again – Aelfstan will have no cavalry protection for a week.’

‘Aelfstan will arrive at the river before Alric – they will be expecting us to stay in Motya for a few days. If Aelfstan gets into position early, there is no way he can be defeated. And by the time we arrive, they will just be getting settled in.’

‘If we arrive. We may never make it out of the mountains.’

Conn smiled. ‘I’m relying on my Twacuman friends to ensure that doesn’t happen.’

‘Probably just as well we are here then. Priecuman seem to love getting lost.’

The next morning Conn led seven companies of riders, with only a minimal number of pack horses carrying essentials, east to the mountains while Aelfstan continued south. The road east, scouted out by the Twacuman, was slow but uneventful and they made a steady climb up the range. After three days, it was getting slower and steeper, and in some places they had to stop and lead the horse rather than ride.

Derryth arrived back with good news.

‘I’ve found a way across the range – we will be in the other valley tomorrow.’

‘Excellent. So why don’t you look happy?’

‘The northern side of the river is too steep – we have to cross over the river – but the river up high is just a ravine; the banks are too steep to get down.’

Conn though for a moment. ‘How wide is the ravine?’

‘Thirty yards maybe – at the narrowest.’

‘And if we get across?’

‘Looks easy enough.’

‘What about trees? Do we have any that we can cut to span that gap?’

Derryth looked at him curiously. ‘If you are thinking wheat I’m thinking, you’re crazy. How we get them across the ravine?’

‘I’ll think about it. Get two cut that are long enough to easily span the gap.’



By midmorning the next day, they were in sight of the ravine, having passed over the range and commenced travelling downhill. Conn surveyed the site. The river had cut the ravine between the two steep granite banks and the walls about sixty foot high; the other consideration was that water was running quite rapidly. Conn sent for ropes and started to strip.

Derryth looked at him. ‘What are you doing?’

‘I’m going for a swim. I need all the ropes we have tied together; the smallest at the beginning, and the thickest at the end. I’ll drag it across to the other side so we can get some men across. We won’t get the bridge in place without it.’

‘How you getting across the water?’

‘You’re helping me.’

‘And how am I doing that?”

Without the proper abseiling equipment with him, it was problematic but eventually Conn had ropes in place to do the job. He explained it all to Derryth and Conn eased himself over the edge of the bank and started his descent.

‘And you’re expect me to follow you?’

‘I need you down here to help me across the river. Nothing to worry about – the boys will let you down slowly.’

‘So you say.’

By the time Derryth was down, having complained the whole way, Conn was testing the water. It was cold, despite the fact that it was summer. Derryth stood beside him on the rocks.

‘So what do you want me to do now? They is nothing to tie a rope onto…’

‘No, you are just going to have to get yourself anchored behind a boulder. I’ll wade out and it is only that middle bit when the current is strong – I don’t want to end up too far down the river. You ready?’

With the rope anchored around a large boulder, and Derryth ready to feed it out, Conn waded into the cold water, with the rope tied around his shoulders. The water got deep quickly, Conn dived into the stream; the rope being eased out. When the current hit him, the rope went tight and Conn disappeared under water before reappearing, with Derryth fighting at his end to stop Conn disappearing down the river. On the surface, Conn swam strongly, inching his way across, and by the time that Derryth had almost run out of rope, he had found the other bank, two hundred foot downstream. He signalled to Derryth, as made his way upstream until he could find a way up the ravine wall; it had been a while since he had done any free solo climbing – a sport of his youth.

By the time he was on the top, Derryth had also been helped up, and they faced each other over the ravine. Conn started to pull in the rope than he had so laboriously carried up the wall, until he had a dozen ropes securely to trees. The rope bridge created, wiga made their way across the ravine, one at a time, bringing more ropes. With enough men on Conn’s side to started to pull the first of several one hundred foot pine pole. By the end of the next day, they have five logs in position and secure, and, with the top of the footbridge filled in with mud and soil; to give the animals sure footing on the somewhat flexible bridge. That being said, without the Elfina horses that the Twacuman rode, it would have been extremely unlikely that any horse would have crossed, but with Elfina intermixed with regular horses, the first animals were across by lunchtime the second day, and were sent to scout the road down and way out of the mountain.

With a thousand horses on the mountain, it took a very long while to get them over the bridge and ready to descend – and when they did, it was almost two days since they had started crossing. The descent was easy in comparison to the ascent and after another two day, they camped light less than a few hours from where the Rakians were spotted. Derryth had left before daybreak with a scouting party and had returned at dawn. Conn sat on the stallion; now armoured, waiting for the sun that was due in less than thirty minutes.

‘Aelfstan seems to have them held on their side of the river. As far as I can tell, there hasn’t been much interaction between the two fyrds. Alric still has men arriving so must be waiting for them.’

‘Did the messenger get back safely?’

‘He did – Aelfstan will start retreating as soon as the sun comes hits the Rakian camp.’

‘Any buildings?’

‘Just a travel stop – some Inns and liveries. The main village is further down the river.’

Conn gave the signal and they marched downhill, the sun behind them. With Aelfstan withdrawing to his secondary line, he hoped that Alric would take to opportunity and start to push his fyrd forward, removing their stability and opening up the lines. He also hope that they would be distracted from studying the eastern horizon too carefully. Two miles out, they started to canter, slowly, and as soon as they were spotted, they lifted their speed. As was his standard practise, the Sagittari surged forward – there was five hundred of them, and the now open lines of the Rakians provided plenty of targets.

The Rakians veered right and left as they got to bow range, peppering the Rakians with arrows. The last of the horses and riders didn’t veer – the cataphracts went straight ahead – directly for the Rakian cavalry – hitting with force; the lances taking out a hundred on the first charge and then more died as swords carving a wide hole through the middle of the line.

Those that had crossed the river now found that the supposedly retreating force had changed their minds and as the pikes slowed the cavalry down, the bowmen picked them off with will. It wasn’t long before the wiga started to surrender, and as Conn reformed his wiga in the west, he looked at the devastation; there seemed to be hundreds lying dead on the field. War was a terrible thing.

Derryth called a warning. ‘Someone is trying to get away.’

‘That will be Alric and the Ancuman; let’s make sure they don’t get away.’

Kicking his great stallion into action, Conn loaded his bow and chased after the escaping wiga – some twenty riders – as they headed for the village. As he neared the buildings sentries with bows tried to halt their progression but an arrow from Conn or Derryth eliminated the threat.

The riders were just about to head to the open road when they saw a squad of Sagittari along the road and instead turned into the village, nipping in and out of buildings. Seeing his chance and regretting the need, Conn fired at Alric’s horse; hitting him deep in the side, and in the heart. It would be a clean death, but the poor animal stumbled long enough for Alric to cleanly dismount and race into the nearest building.

His escort was too far past him to pull around and return easily and faced with a fifty Twacuman bowmen, they instead turned into a narrow lane and disappeared from view until the horses came out the other side, riderless. They had entered the Inn from the rear.

Conn pulled up his horse. ‘Keep them surrounded. I’ll take care of Alric.’

He dismounted and walked between the buildings that Alric had escaped into; ‘Alric!’

There was no answer.

‘There is no point in running – the village is surrounded – your Ancuman friends are surrounded. Surrender is your only option…’

Alric couldn’t help himself. ‘I will not surrender … there is no honour in surrender. I dishonoured myself once, I will not do it again.’

His voice haven given away his position, Conn had been able to put himself in a position where he could see the Aebeling. He was behind the corner of the small shop. Conn walked out so that Alric could see him.

‘Since you won’t surrender, if you can defeated me, you and yours can go home – you can live to fight another day. Is that a deal too good to be true or not?’

‘How do I know that your men will agree?’

‘It’s the standard deal I offer. Derryth will guarantee my word.’

Alric walked out swinging his sword. ‘You were lucky last time – I’ve been practising – I’m much better than I was then.’

‘One can only hope.’

He was better – he attacked and parried, and attacked again – but he sadly didn’t see that he was being played with – that it wasn’t luck that allowed Conn to escape his killer thrust; and it wasn’t bad luck that didn’t stop the wakizashi thrust under his armour and into his heart. There was astonishment on his face as he fell forward, dead. Conn retrieved his sword and signalled to some of the wiga that had arrived to come and take his body away – respectfully.

Derryth had been watching. ‘We have a problem.’

‘Another one?’

‘The Ancuman have hostages.’

Conn shook his head. ‘I hate hostage negotiations.’ He followed Derryth around to the Inn that Twacuman surrounding it.

Arriving at the Inn, Conn called out. ‘This is Conn il Taransay, Eaorl of this and that. Send out someone to negotiate. You have my word that they will be free from any attack.’

A voice came out of the building. ‘We will not negotiate – give us our horses and safe passage out of the village or we will kill our hostage.’

It was clear that they were of Axum as well because Conn could feel immediately the voice in their head. The hate, the loathing; it made negotiating difficult. He shut her out.

Conn looked at Derryth. ‘This is why I hate hostage negotiations.’ He called out again. ‘How many hostages?’

There was a pause before a curious, ‘Twelve…’

‘What are their names?

There was now irritation. ‘Names – why do you want to know their names?’

‘For commercial reasons – after I burn the building down, I’ll have to pay wergild and I want to know who I should pay it to – and how much.’

Now anger. ‘Are you insane?’

‘No, pragmatic. Actually, now that I think about it – if you kill them, I don’t have to pay the wergild. You do. I’ll send a letter of demand to your family in Kishdah. What is your name?’

He was shouting now. ‘You are out of your mind! My family will never pay the wergild of Priecuman!’

‘I’ll go and collect it myself then – in blood. Tell me your name.’

‘I will NOT tell you my name!’

‘His name is Torvarr il Axum.’

Conn spun around to the sound of the voice. In his discussion with the Ancuman, he had missed the silence that had grown behind him.

Caronwyn il Halani had arrived, and had snuck up behind him. He hated people sneaking up behind him.

‘Gyden, Caronwyn. What are you doing here?’

Behind her stood a detail of her own wiga. Beside them stood and embarrassed Derryth. Conn gave him a dirty look of ‘why didn’t you say something?’

‘Caewyn sent me; she said you might need my help.’

‘I’m going to have a chat with that girl one day.’ Conn shook his head in confusion. ‘His name is Torvarr?’

‘Yes, he was my captor.’

Conn was neither prepared for the information nor the nonchalant matter in which it was handed over, so he just moved on. He turned around and called out.

‘Torvarr! I’m sick of yelling. Get out here now or I’ll burn the building down.

There was silence, and then. ‘How do you know my name?’

Conn was about to answer but Caewyn held up her hand.

She called out. ‘Torvarr, its Caronwyn. Come out please. The Feorhhyrde’s word is sacrosanct.’

Conn muttered. ‘So I’ve found out. Most inconvenient.’

A voice came from the Inn. ‘Caronwyn??’

It wasn’t long before two Ancuman wiga walked out of the building. One was male; big and strong, and his partner, a younger female; tall and beautiful; the armour stained to keep her bountiful body undercover.

‘Hello, Torvarr, Kutidi. I certainly did not expect to meet you both again.’

Both were still too surprised to speak. Torvarr finally pointed to the band around her head. ‘You are Wealdend?’

‘I am.’ Caronwyn looked back at Conn. ‘Torvarr, my captor, had a problem from having too much spare time – some of which he spent fornicating with me – the rest gambling. He lost a lot of money one night. He handed me over instead of his sword.’ She laughed. ‘I was unsure as if to be insulted or pleased. The merchant was unsure what to do with me but as fate had it, he used me to pay off a debt to another merchant – for wheat. And then you found me.’

‘Another thread in the tapestry of life.’

Torvarr looked at Caronwyn. ‘Caronwyn, you understand that we will not surrender… we will never be theow.’

Caronwyn nodded, understandingly. ‘You will not be theow. The Feorhhyrde will let you go.’

Conn looked at her, shocked, ‘I will?’

‘Feorhhyrde, I can only ask. It is your decision.

Conn mulled it over – though he was always going to say yes. ‘You do realize that most of these will probably come back and I’ll have to kill them all then?’

Caronwyn nodded.

‘Very well. I might let them go…’

‘Thank you Feorhhyrde, I am grateful.’

‘However, in exchange for their freedom, can I keep the girl?’

Caronwyn looked surprised. Torvarr looked surprised and Kutidi looked shocked. Derryth just laughed.

Conn continued. ‘After all; they have to pay a price for their freedom and your imprisonment and treatment as a theow. It seems only fair that

Caronwyn looked between the pair. ‘You want Kutidi to surrender herself to be a theow?’

‘She will not have lost honour because she is doing it for the survival of the others.’

Kutidi found her voice. ‘I… I… I will never be …’

What happened next surprised them both because Conn and the girl were the only two to hear it.

‘Yes you will, you will do it because you love me. You will be Theow and I will not desert you.’

Conn was surprised and he tried hard not to show it – the voice wasn’t a voice he knew – it was none of the Priecuman Gyden or the one he had just shut out. Somehow this one was different. It didn’t hate him for starters.

Interestingly when the girl heard the voice, he saw astonishment on her face and she instinctively reached for the black stone that hung from the amulet around her neck. Just as quickly she let go of the necklace. She didn’t know what to say anymore. Conn decided to insist. He addressed Caronwyn.

‘He was your captor and I’m really quite comfortable burning them all alive. I will pay the Wergild of an Eaorl EACH for the Rakians inside that have to die. But some price has to be paid for their release.’

Kutidi found her voice again. ‘If… if… my master wants me to do this vile thing, I will do it…’

Torvarr looked at her. ‘Kutidi, I cannot ask you to do this – it is wors than death.’

‘But the feorrancund is right – there is still honor in my sacrifice….’

After a while; he nodded. Presumably he had taken guidance from the voice in his head. ‘There is honor. Your sacrifice will be spoken of to the Bretwalda. Your family will be celebrated and rewarded.’ He looked back at Conn; ‘It is agreed then – we can leave?’

‘You can – but if you are in Rakiak when we arrive, you will die.’

Torvarr nodded. ‘I understand.’

Kutidi had gone inside and collected the others and they all streamed out. Torvarr looked a little lost for the moment, until Kutidi brought over two of the female wiga.

‘These have lost their masters – they will serve you.’

He looked them up and down, and nodded. ‘Alkia il Makuria, I will take you as my second. Will you accept me as your master?’

She nodded. ‘I will accept you as my master.’

‘Good. Get my horse.’

He turned to look at Caronwyn and Conn. Resolve returned to his face. ‘Feorrancund, do not think that you have defeated us. You have only defeated a fryd of Priecuman and they are weak. Next time….’ He left it hanging. He looked at Caronwyn, and simply nodded. There were no words.

Alkia returned with his horses and he mounted and rode away.

Derryth returned to stand at his side. ‘Well, that is not something you see every day. We have let some live.’

‘No fair – we let Alfvir go. And the sailors. And some others… not that many now that you mention it…’ Conn headed inside the Inn; the people inside were delighted to be free again, and thanked him profusely. The small village was soon overtaken by Conn’s fyrd, and they used up every available space. It seemed that the regular inhabitants had escaped to the village.

Conn sat at a table and waited for Aelfstan and Osdred to come in a report on the battle. Logistics had arrived and had taken over the Inn and its kitchen, and rooms and before long they were all eating and drinking. Derryth was famished. Conn was a bad influence on him.

By the end of the day, the dead had been accounted for – there were over five hundred, and they had been buried in another mass grave, while the Thanes and Folctoga had been celebrated by a funeral pyre. Prisoners were under guard –though Conn didn’t expect any trouble from them. They were having their first real meal in days.

Conn finally had a chance to speak with Caronwyn. He asked her why she had wanted them released. Caronwyn smiled a thin smile.

‘As I left, Caewyn said something strange. She said that if there is a decision to be made, I should choose the opposite of what you might expect and that would be best. I hope that is what she meant.’

‘That girl certainly seems to know a lot more than she lets on. And I hate keeping prisoners – but it is hard to let people go who want to kill you.’

As well as everything else that needed to be done, Conn arranged for pigeons to be sent to Silekia. A short message; ‘Commence stage 2’.

Stage two had two elements – instructions would be sent to Eriak to tell the Aebeling of Gatina, Devnet, to commence operations again the Rakian Fyrd outside of Akarah – and push as far as Tindara. Once they had Tindara captured, they were to stop. The other part was for Njil to lead a fleet of ships to Rakiak and to wait off the coast. Conn would be there in just over a week.

It was late when Conn retired to his room. Kutidi followed him. She hadn’t said a word since her comrades had left. She followed Conn into his room and sat in the corner. Logistics had built a bath for him and it was full of hot water. He disrobed out of direct vison and got into the bath and soaked. It had been some days since his last bath. All the time she looked at him curiously.

‘So you are from Alwa.’

‘Yes I am.’

‘And Torvarr was of Axum?’

‘Yes – the Axum are always partners with one from the Southern Isles.’

Conn nodded. ‘Is that because they don’t trust you?’

The question stunned her. ‘I… no… I… I really don’t know but it has always been so.’

‘Do those of Alwa follow the same Gyden as the Axum?’

She paused. ‘There is only one Gyden in Kishdah – Ashtoreth is the one true Gyden.’

Conn laughed. It was a stock answer. ‘Has that always been the case?’

She paused again. The line of questions confused her. ‘There was a time when the Southern Isles had a different Gyden – but no longer. Ashtoreth is the one true Gyden!’

What was more interesting to Conn was that her hand reached to the bodice where the amulet hangs, when she started to speak, before she dragged it away.

‘Will you show me the amulet please?’

‘What amulet?

‘The one around your neck.’

Fear as Conn had never seen raced over her face. Conn reassured her.

‘Do not worry – I will not destroy it and I will give it back.’

She stood and her hands shook as she removed it from her neck and brought it over to him. Conn tried not to touch it because he didn’t want it to know him – yet. It was not the same as the other black stone – it looked like a black emerald – which wasn’t possible. He handed it back to her and the relief was noticeable.

‘Tell your Gyden that she can let it be its natural colour. It is safe with me.’

‘This is its true color.’

‘No – I have seen a lot of the black stones – this is easy to mistake as black, but it is really white.’

‘How do you know? How can you know? No-one knows that this stone has any colour other than black.’

‘Not all things are every as they seem, Kutidi.’ Conn noticed that she wanted to ask something.

‘Kutidi – you have a question?’

‘The bath is big – and you are soaking in hot water. I don’t understand your need.’

‘I could give you a long explanation about baths but, let’s just say that it is a custom that has lots of benefits for mind and soul. Why don’t you try it?’

She stood and walked over to put her hand in the water. ‘It is very warm.’

‘Get in – there is room for two.’

She shook her head. ‘No thank you. If I get naked you will take advantage of my nakedness and then pleasure yourself in my body with your puny Priecuman manhood…’

Conn was indignant. He stood up, out of the water, everything available to be seen. ‘Puny? Is this considered puny in Kishdah?’

She tried not to look but couldn’t help herself. Finally she spoke. ‘Master, I apologize for misspeaking.’ She stood up and got undressed, quite quickly. ‘Perhaps I will experience your bath – and should you decide to pleasure yourself on my body with your adequate manhood, I doubt that I will be offended.’

Of course, with her fairly magnificent ebony body now naked and gleaming, his adequate manhood was now over adequate, and he sat down to relieve the pressure. Kutidi eased herself into the water. It took some time, but Conn didn’t mind as he was enjoying the view.

Finally in, she sat opposite him; less than two yards away.

‘What do you think?’

‘I am pleasantly surprised – though I am starting to heat up a bit.’

‘Now let me explain soap and shampoo to you.’ Conn then rubbed the soap over her entire body, until she was very clean, and quite flushed.

She stood up facing him. ‘If you are going to pleasure yourself with my body, are you going to do in here or on the bed – and is it going to be soon?

‘I’ve never felt the need to limit myself to one location.’



~x343~





Chapter 28


By morning Kutidi had managed to cool down. Conn held a breakfast meeting with all his commanders – Aelfstan and Osdred being the first two to be elevated to the rank of Colonel. The Majors in charge of Logistics and Engineering were there with the Captain of each company. They all reported on the status of their companies and then left to get ready for departure planned for the next morning.

Conn also had some special guests. He had Ceolred, Thane of Ilissus, ride with the fyrd as they travelled south.

‘Ceolred, we have several hundred prisoners as well as injured wiga here in Amrit, and they need to be taken care of. Can I entrust them to you?’

‘To me? I have no authority in Rakia…’

‘You do now. I am appointing you Baron of Amrit.’

Conn had to explain what a Baron was before he could continue.

‘Your demesne continues from here to the sea. To ensure that things run smoothly, I am leaving you with a company of wiga, and single squads of Engineers, Medics, and Logistics. They know exactly what needs to be done – just follow their lead.’ Conn introduced him to his new captains. ‘As for food and other supplies; that will start arriving in days. Benen will be organizing those deliveries from his docks.’

‘I don’t know what to say.’

‘Nothing to say – I did kind of steal the Earldom of Ilissus from you… seems only fair to give you something in return.’



It was early morning the next day when Conn headed out to join the fyrd as he commenced its march south. As well as Derryth, Caronwyn had decided to ride with them – she said that Caewyn wanted her to be with Conn should she need him. Kutidi rode alongside the Aebeling, and they chatted like old friends. Conn found it confusing whilst Derryth shrugged it off.

‘Things are what they are – and what is done cannot be undone.’

At best it was a six day ride, provided that Fallon didn’t suddenly have a lot more wiga than he had estimated. Over two thousand had been ‘eliminated’ at the Battle of Amrit as he chose to call it, and with the other fyrd possible captured near Tindara, there would not be a lot left – just Fallon’s personal guard.

Three days out, as they prepared to camp for the night, Conn was advised that messenger had arrived. Derryth brought him to the tent.

He was a wiga from Conn Logistic Corp. He bowed and handed over a sealed message. Conn read silently and handed it to Derryth. He waved it away.

‘You can tell me – you know I hate to read.’

‘It seems we have another hostage situation. Brathmac, tell us what you know.’

‘After we arrived near Rakiak, it appeared that there were few wiga guarding the harbor, so Commodore Njil brought us in late at night and we were able to take control of the harbor without too much difficulty. It seems that the docks are some way from the town. Once we were in the harbor, a small force from the town attacked us but were easily defeated and they retreated. We then learnt that the Healdend Fallon then retreated to his castle with his Ancuman and wiga and has remained there since – but he has also taken a large number of hostages – the relatives of all of the Eaorls of Rakia that he could find.’

Conn shook his head. ‘But that is not the worst of it. Keep speaking.’

‘In Silekiak, the Folgere Fainche joined the ship, and she then decided to take Elva il Halani with her under the flag of truce to talk to her uncle the Healdend; to negotiate his surrender. The Commodore was most upset because the Healdend has made them his prisoners. You have his demands.’

Conn reopened the scroll to read it aloud.

‘Feorrancund, your treachery combined with the treachery of some of my own people has led us to this invidious situation. I will not relinquish my demesne to usurpers. I demand that you withdraw your ships and your wiga out of Rakia immediately. If you do not agree to that in writing within one week, I will start to kill my hostages – starting with Elva il Halani. Fallon.’

Derryth. ‘Fainche and Elva? That’s annoying… I’ll never hear the end of how she once was a hostage, and how it was all my fault.’

The envoys was confused. ‘Eaorl, are you not concerned?’

Conn shook his head. ‘Not really; it is not as if Fallon will kill his own niece regardless of what he thinks she is…her father is with him. And good luck to him if he wants to murder Elva. He knows that will sign his own death warrant – he would never be able to set foot outside again; every window will also be a danger to him and the inevitable arrow. The problem is that we don’t want to accidently kill them or the others in crossfire. ’

Conn drafted a letter for Brathmac to take back to Njil. He asked Njil to ensure that the best food and other supplies were to be delivered to the castle – he didn’t want Fainche and Elva to go without while they are captives – and it also showed that he wasn’t going to starve them out. He didn’t make any threats or demands.

Conn then sat and considered his assault on the castle. He sent for all the maps that he had. His intelligence on Rakia was limited – the maps were old and of minimal use as most had been drawn in better times. Rakia had declined in considerable wealth over the years – thanks in no little part to Conn’s interference – and once where there was a settlement, there were now none.

He called together all those that had some knowledge of the castle and asked them to tell him everything they knew, showing them the maps.

Brathmac looked concerned after a while. ‘Eaorl, the castle doesn’t look like that anymore. It doesn’t have the new walls.’

‘New walls?’

Brathmac nodded. ‘There seems to have been a lot of recent work – the stone walls now fully surround the castle.’ He moved forward and indicated on his map. ‘Here ... here ... and here. All stone walls about 3 yards high. Also, a moat has been dug out around the entire building.’ Conn gave him instructions to have the building fully mapped by the time he arrived and sent him away to rest.

Conn sighed. ‘Well that is just great; Fallon has ensconced himself into a stone castle.’ He mulled over the situation. ‘This is going to take a lot more planning than I thought.’ He looked at Derryth. ‘It’s simple really; we just need to find a way to get into the castle without them knowing. There has to be a secret way; there always is.’

‘Sure.’ Derryth gave himself and Caronwyn more wine. ‘But it’s not as if secret pathways are advertised anywhere.’

Conn looked at Kutidi. ‘Do you know a secret way through the ancient walls?’

She shook her head. ‘No, I do not.’ When she saw the expression on their faces, she continued. ‘Truly, I don’t.’

Caronwyn stood up and looked more closely at the maps. ‘I think I might – and though I doubt that the information will be of use to you, perhaps this is the reason that Caewyn sent me.’

She twirled the map until she under stood what it represented. ‘When I was there, the new walls you speak of had not been built but the ancient walls were, and they were connected by timber palisades.’ She pointed to a large corner tower. ‘I used to visit the old parts all the time; and below this tower was a lake. In the tower was stairway underground – and in to lowest levels was a hatch. I opened it one day – and below it was water – you can access water from the lake from here.’ She looked at Conn. ‘I don’t know if that information is of use at all?’

Conn stood and kissed her in a brotherly manner. ‘That is just what we needed. We may be able to enter the castle by that trap door. Just as long as it is big enough.’

‘Just a moment.’ Derryth interrupted. ‘If you are suggesting what I think you are suggesting, that’s foolhardy.’ Derryth added. ‘You are suggesting that we jump into the water and try and find a pathway that might exist in a stone tower and enter that to see if it gets us into the tower. And I presume we will be doing this at night – otherwise they might just put an arrow into us.’

‘No choice about that.’

‘This is the craziest plan I’ve heard so far.’

‘It is the best plan so far.’

‘Might I add that it’s the only plan you’ve heard so far.’ Derryth continued. ‘And once we get in, we are going to do what exactly.’

Conn looked at the plan. ‘Rescue the hostages; and as soon as we do, Aelfstan and Osdred can lead a full scale assault on the front gate. We can’t do any more than that – and that’s not going to be easy.’



The next day Caronwyn departed for home. She hugged everyone – including Kutidi. Conn was curious.

‘If it is possible in the circumstance, Kutidi was almost a friend. You need to understand that the female wiga are extremely badly treated by their Axum masters – even if the Axum is female. They are not beyond swapping them amongst themselves if they are bored. Torvarr was also partial to young men and often swapped Kutidi so that she could pleasure the woman while he was being pleasured by a young man. He didn’t do it often – and always in secret – there is much shame in a senior adult Axum wiga being penetrated.’

‘But none in him doing the penetrating?’

‘None at all – all Ancuman men like to penetrate other men – and the women prefer women to men. It think it has something to do with their Folgere.’

Conn suddenly understood. Fainche had told him that the Ancuman Folgere we all males – and that she had been “deflowered” by one. ‘You mean because the Folgere are all males?’

Caronwyn was surprised that he knew. ‘Yes – and they have great power but are detested by all except the Axum. Even other Ancuman hate them and the Rakians fear them – especially the young – they have a predilection for penetrating young boys and girls. But there are no Ancuman Folgere in Rakia anymore – they are so hated that they couldn’t leave the Castle without getting attacked by a mob and killed.’

‘What about Fallon and Alric?’ Conn remembered something that Seoirse il Soloes had mentioned about protecting his daughter – if it wasn’t from the Folgere.

‘Just as bad – Fallon keeps lots of young girls and boys around him like pets – and if what they say if true about what he does, he is truly evil. Alric is little better – but the eldest son – the one who died at sea – was worse. It was said that his father was always paying wergild for the underage maidens that he had deflowered.’



After Caronwyn had left to return to Halani, Conn continued on his way to Rakiak, and they soon arrived in the outskirts of the town. There didn’t appear to be any fear of them – he had expected that Njil would have spread the word. Very soon they were met by his own wiga; who directed the fyrd to barracks and buildings around the town that had been made ready as dwellings for them. Conn continued on until he arrived at the Inn that they had purloined for his use.

Njil waited for him in the Inn, drinking some of the recently imported Lykian beer.

Conn and Derryth and Kutidi sat down beside him. Njil looked curiously from the Ancuman to Conn.

‘It’s a long story.’

‘And it gets better every time he tells it!’ Derryth added. He had arrived from the bar with six mugs of beer. He handed one to Conn, and shrugged. ‘I’m very thirty.’

Conn did the introductions and then they said little until that had finished a second mug of beer. Derryth had agreed to give Conn a second.

Derryth sighed. ‘I love good beer. How did I ever survive before they invented beer?’

‘You’re just lucky you never have to pay for the beer you drink.’ He turned to the Commodore. ‘Njil, any news from the castle?’

He shook his head; ‘Nothing new – they accept all the food we send and our emissary gets to see Elva as you asked. Otherwise they are just waiting. The deadline is in five days.’

‘Let me tell you my plan…’



The next morning Conn personally inspected the newly fortified castle. It was impressive; the new stone walls had meshed in well with the ancient towers. The moat itself was murky and brown; the waters that had been diverted from the river had still not had time to settle. That was to his advantage. The lake that was now connected to the moat that surrounded the castle and was in front of the ancient tower that Caronwyn had mentioned was the widest part of the moat; it was at least 50 yards from side to side. This was both good and bad; his people would have to be well trained to survive the crossing. Conn was satisfied that the plan had a prospect of working.

Derryth wasn’t so sure.

‘We have to cross from here to there under water! That is a long way to go without being seen.’ He pointed to the tower. ‘There are usually bowmen there as well.’

‘It can be done. Let’s see how Engineering are going.’

Conn’s plan was definitely not easy – they had to travel slowly underwater, then had to find an underwater entrance to the well in the floor of the ancient wall tower, hope that it was big enough to fit into, swim to the well cavity in the tower, open the trap door and regroup – without getting noticed. To help them achieve that, the Engineers were building a large diving bell in timber – though it had to be watertight and weighed sufficiently to stay underwater without flipping. It had two purposes – to provide the wiga a place to take a breath during the journey, and to carry their weapons. In the unlikely event they were discovered, it would also provide them cover against arrows. It was rudimentary, but it worked.

The only difficulty after arriving at the wall was that they had to search for the opening and it was going to be dark. After three days, they were right to go – two days before the deadline. Conn had men studying every movement of every man on the tower; and combined with his creating a model of the inside of the castle from information he collected from those that had worked in or around the building over the last few years, he felt that once in, he was going to be fine.

Not surprisingly, the Rakians had accepted their defeat with grace – times had been very tough recently in Rakia due to the defeat in the war and the subsequent blockages. It didn’t take them long to realize that there could only be upsides with the ending of prohibition of trade with Rakia. Conn made the point by ensuring that after the wiga, the next things to arrive in the harbors were dozens of merchant vessels bringing in food and other consumables. He also instructed the traders to sell to existing merchants within the town – and if they lacked the funds to purchase from the traders, they were directed to the Meshech Insurance and Finance Company – one of the first new enterprises to be set up.



‘So I can’t tell Fallon that I agree to his demands and we’ll leave tomorrow?’ Conn was composing a message to be sent to Fallon as the deadline was the next morning.

Derryth shook his head. ‘No – you are the Feorhhyrde – and the Feorhhyrde cannot lie.’

‘Just a white lie. Okay, how about “We have determined a satisfactory way to meet your demands and will arrive in the morning to finalize appropriate measure to effect the transfer of administrational functions from one party to the other” – will that suffice?’

Derryth contemplated the information. ‘I have no idea what that means so it will be fine. Not that I think that Fallon will understand it either.’

Conn laughed; ‘I thought you might say that. Now to work; we have a castle to liberate, and some hostages to rescue.’

Conn send the messenger away with the message and then moved with Derryth to the small building they had purloined which as one of few left next to the lake. A well had been dug in the middle of the ground floor. From there a canal had been built to the lake; carefully. It had been built at night only and covered during the day so that no one would notice the excavations. The inhabitants of the castle were none the wiser as to its creation or its purpose.

Conn arrived inside and prepared to have a nap. The operation would commence at what would somewhere be called around three in the morning. If there was anything that Conn missed, it was a watch.

At the appropriate hour, and Conn ready for his swim, ‘unfortunately’ a house a hundred yards upwind from the lake suddenly caught fire. It was quite isolated so no other houses were in danger; and ‘strangely’ the smoke from the cottage was immense and billowed towards the keep provided a smoke screen over the lake. This was distraction number one.

Under the cover of the smoke – which didn’t last very long, Conn swum as quickly as he could across the lake to the corner tower, towing a guide rope. There he waited until Derryth and the other wiga swam could swim slowly underwater with the diving bell.

It was time for distraction number two – and this was Njil’s responsibility. He had found the oldest vessel he could and with the help of his Twacuman advisors, had rigged the vessel with fireworks.

Since Conn’s arrival, he had been very careful about the deployment and exploitation of fireworks or gunpowder. In fact, the only people who understood how to manufacture either item were craeftiga in Halani because they were the only ones that he trusted with the knowledge. They had no greed or lust, and would not be tempted to misuse the ‘invention’. Consequently, this was only the third time that anyone outside of Halani has seen its impact or power – the dam wall in Kadesh, the palisades in Motya, and now Rakians would witness the first fireworks display in Meshech.

It didn’t take long for a fire and smoke to rise from the ship sitting anchored in the harbour, and soon after a series of small explosions disrupted the night’s slumber; each one getting bigger and more colourful; reds and yellows and whatever colours Conn could source materials for. Each explosion was high enough for every wiga on duty to see and to turn around to look; leaving the lake totally unobserved for the duration of the underwater swim by Derryth and the other nine wiga. They would inevitable disturb the water and create bubbles so should be noticeable if you were looking; the water was getting clearer day by day.

By the time the commotion over the harbour was concluded, everyone were safely ensconced along the castle wall. They were safe and unseen here; but there was little time for complacency. With six wiga fanned out searching – all connected by a rope – they searched along the base of the tower; going down under the water to search for the opening for the well.

It did not take very long, and the message was passed along the line for Conn to investigate. It was small; only a single person would be able to enter at a time. As they had trained, Conn fixed the rope to his waist, grabbed a sheep gup win ballade that had been converted into an airbladder and headed into the tunnel. With no light and little air, Conn felt his way into the cavity and pulled himself along the opening. It was on an incline and Conn’s estimation of it being less than thirty feet long was correct. Conn soon found his head popping out of the water into a cavern.

Sucking in air, and wedging himself on the stone walls, Conn reached into a waterproof bag that he carried and withdrew a candle and a holder. With his one hand candle striker that he had only just invented, he was able to get the candle lit, and as light filled the cavern he was finally able to take in his surroundings. It was probably no more than four yards square, and from the top of the water to the ceiling it would have been nearly two yard. The ceiling was ancient timber, and a trap door was visible. Conn pulled on the rope to let them know that all was okay, only three tugs as all would fit in the well at the same time. While he waited found somewhere to screw in the candle holder and placed the candle. Almost immediately Derryth and a young wiga arrived.

After he had regained his breath, Derryth protested as he shivered. ‘The next time you have another hair brained scheme like this, count me out. I almost died out there!’

‘From lack of air?’

‘No – the cold. The water is freezing! Those of us who live in mountains are not natural swimmers you know.’

Conn knew; it had taken him some time to get them to swim properly. ‘Anyway, the next part of the plan should warm us up!’

Conn had identified the trap door and they had practised the opening procedure. They could hear no foot print or other sounds so Conn and Derryth used the bamboo staffs they had brought with them to force up the trap door wide enough to place in a small grappling hook. The young Twacuman then pulled his way up to the door and pushed it open, and hoisted himself into the room. A rope ladder was secured inside the room and dropped down the hatch. Conn pulled himself up as Derryth signalled that the rest should followed – as should the weapons. As wiga arrived they were hoisted up through the trap door, as were the waterproof container they towed. Soon everyone was in the room changing out of their wet clothes, and rearming themselves. The whole operation had taken less than 40 minutes.

Luckily the room had signs of traffic but no signs of habitation. Rearmed, Conn led the group slowly out of the tower. Rakian wiga who had been taking a quick look over the harbour were now returning to their posts and as they walked into the tower they found a sword at their neck. Conn indicated that they be quiet. He had a couple take off their uniforms and two of his wiga quickly put them on and ran to the guard posts that they should have been occupying. Nothing should look out of place. They did drop a small flag over the side however; the yellow sun indicating that stage two should start.

With the prisoners bound they headed out. Although it was still night, the sun would soon make its appearance over the horizon – they had about thirty minutes before they could be seen easily It was still fairly well lit inside the walls and Conn could see the outline of the buildings; a patchwork of old and new. They left the tower onto the parapets and down the staircases that led down into the bailey. Dressed in the black leather tunics over their chainmail; they were almost invisible, and quickly arrived at their destination. A few errant guards were quickly and silently non-lethally subdued. Their target building was an old warehouse. It was thatched and built on a mound and a stone base. Being one of the larger building in the bailey it was ideal to hold the hostages. Conn sent Derryth down one side and him the other and as they arrived at the corners they could both see the Ancuman guards that stood at the doors. There were four. Whilst they were in armour, they did not have on their helmets. They would have to die quickly.

On his signal six arrows flew and the thump of arrows hitting skulls resounded and stopped. The four wiga fell without a sound. Conn and Derryth raced forward to the door and pulled the dead guards away from the opening. He knocked on the door as a signal to Elva inside and opened it and entered while Derryth and the others stayed guard outside. The room was lit with candles and lamps, and the forty odd people were easy to see sitting on the ground. As expected, they were all awake and ready to leave; Elva had received the message that he had smuggled in.

Elva hugged him as he arrived.

Conn waved them forward and Fainche led them outside; Conn and Elva brought up the rear. They quickly filed out of the room and turned back down the narrow alleys towards the corner tower. Most were up the staircase and along the parapet before they were noticed. A few guards on duty called out and demanded identification. Their answer was an arrow but inevitably the warning bells rang out and the castle stirred. This was also Conn’s signal and he fired an arrow into the air that exploded up high to let his forces know that the hostages had been released. As soon as the flare hit the sky, stage three, and all hell truly broke loose at the front gates.

Catapults, improved and lethal, rained boulders directly at the timber gate, and they didn’t stand a chance. They were quickly smashed. Crossing the drawbridge was still a problem as it was raised and destroyed. A thousand arrows hit the barbicans and a surge of mail covered wiga marching in a Tetsudo formation headed for the gap. Any guards were soon overcome and wiga dived in to the moat and dragged ropes across. At the end of the ropes were long bamboo logs that were quickly across the moat span, and joined together to make a footbridge for the first wave of Conn’s fyrd to invade the castle.

Leaving his squad to guard the hostages, Conn and Derryth sprinted back down inside the castle; quickly covering their black tunics with the white Tabard and its yellow sun that indicates Conn and Derryth. He didn’t want to be shot by his own people. Sheathing his bow Conn raced with his Claymore in his hand; and as he encountered Ancuman they were soon to feel his wrath. By the time he arrived at the donjon, three hundred wiga had surged into the bailey; their cry of surrender or die was received by any Rakians as an invitation only to surrender. The Ancuman were not about to do the same but the battle was one sided and they fell with a chest of arrows. Conn and Derryth raced up the stairs of the donjon and the remaining guards quickly fell. Fallon’s personal Ancuman guards were the last to die and soon Fallon stood with nothing between him and Conn but a woman; at whose neck he held a knife.

Conn waved down the bows and put away the Claymore; he looked at Fallon in disgust. Fallon was old for a Priecuman but then he had a lot of Ancuman heritage. He was also darker in skin colour and a bit taller than the typical Rakian or Gatinan. His skin was dirty, his hair wild and his eyes darted from side to side. He did not look a well man.

‘Fallon, it is over; you have lost. Surrender.’

‘Feorrancund! I will never surrender’ He screamed. ‘This is supposed to be all mine and you have taken it. You, a feorrancund, have usurped what was promised to me! TO ME! LEAVE NOW OR SHE DIES.’

Fallon was clearly mad. Conn opened up his mind to the Gyden. Since he had arrived in Rakiak there had been nothing; but here in the castle it was strong. In fact so strong that he almost stumbled from the force that hit him. It was his old friend; she was not happy, and she was confused.

‘YOU again! I thought I killed you last time. I have not felt you for some time.’

Conn didn’t answer.

She continued. ‘You can’t defeat me! If it ends here I will be back. I will give back to my people what they deserve. The Priecuman cannot have what belongs to my children.’

Conn shut her out.

‘Fallon, why do you hold a knife to that girl’s neck – what is she to me?’

‘This whore? This is Andsware – daughter of that traitor Ailbe. He and his incompetent son would be very upset if you are responsible for her death. It might spoil your foul friendship, I think.’

Conn knew of Andsware – Ailbe daughter, she had been given to Fallon’s eldest son as bedda. Conn remembered hearing that she had reportedly died.

‘Doesn’t Ailbe think that his daughter is dead?’

Mad Fallon moved his hand from her stomach to her breast, cupping it. Andsware looked disgusted but not surprised. ‘When my son didn’t need her anymore, I kept her for my personal use – a noble receptacle for my seed. I wasn’t giving her back…’ He laughed, ‘Course, I did swap her a couple of times for a night with one of those bitches from the Southern Isles – ignorant proud sluts… who are they to decline my seed…’

Conn shook his head sadly. The presence of the Gyden had deranged him. ‘Oh, this is silly, Fallon. My last offer. Surrender or die.’

‘If I am to die, Andsware dies. Be in on your head.’ Fallon had the dagger a few inches from her neck and as he made to move the dagger, Conn drew and threw a dagger from his shoulder holster. It flew directly into Fallon’s eye, and in the moment he had before he fell dead, he dropped the knife. Andsware unemotionally watched him fall to the ground. She then kicked and spat on him.

Conn went to the body of Fallon and retrieved his dagger. He used it to sever the lace that held the black stone around his neck. He looked at the stone and it was the largest that he had seen. He put it in his pouch and headed outside. He took Andsware with him.

The castle was now under his total control. All Ancuman had been killed, and all Rakians were assembled and under guard in the bailey, where any wounded were being treated. As Conn arrived he watched the hostages being led out across the drawbridge. Conn had Fainche collect Andsware.

He was about to addressed the prisoners when Sighard, who had let the charge into the castle, came and addressed him privately. Conn nodded and he went away.

Conn then spoke to the assembled men. The sun had risen on a new day.

‘Rakians, the day is lost. Your Healdend is dead as are the Ancuman who protected him. There will never be another Healdend of Rakia – that position will be abolished, and until the new Eaorl of Rakia is appointed by the Healdend of Gatina, the person in charge is me.’

He studied them closely before continuing.

‘You will be released this morning; I suggest you all go home. If your home is not in the demesne of Rakia, I suggest you go home there tomorrow. If you wish to stay here in Rakia and work, either as wiga or craeftiga, then you will be back here tomorrow morning. If you have something to account for due to your actions in Silekia, you will have the opportunity to make amends at a later date. Justice will be done – as it will be today.’

Sighard came forward with three men – all Silekian wiga, dressed in his tabards. They were bound with their hands behind their back.

Conn addressed everyone. ‘I have very strict rules in my fryd – and one of those is that I do not tolerate rape. In Taransay I once removed the penis and scrotum of an enemy wiga who raped a member of my fryd.’ There was a general “OOO” from the crowd. Conn smiled. ‘He didn’t feel any pain until he woke up and found the offending items in a bowl beside him.’ He turned around and looked at the three men. ‘These three were caught raping and then killing a female Ancuman wiga. Perchance, do you deny the charges?’

One was large, tall and strong – an obvious bully. He didn’t deny it but instead excused his behaviour. ‘She was an Ancuman whore – we know the males fornicate with them whenever and where ever they want – and even pass them around to their friends. I’m sure her master was a friend of mine!’ He sniggered at the last comment.

Conn ignored the denigration. ‘Do you know what my punishment for rape is?’

He nodded. ‘Execution – but you are not going to execute us for getting between the legs of an Ancuman whore – she wanted to die anyway.’

‘In that you might just be wrong.’

Conn had him stood up and his hands unbound. Sighard handed him a dagger.

Conn addressed him again. ‘Trial by Combat. If you draw blood, you are free to go. If you die, you are guilty.’

The big man needed no second invitation; he launched into his attack on Conn – who was unarmed – and he waved his dagger in front of him. After several attempts to slice Conn’s leg or arms, he overreached and Conn closed in and grappled with him; the knife still in the big man’s hands – which in a twist and a spin ended in the Silekian’s chest. He fell to his knees and collapsed on the floor.

‘The verdict is guilty as charged.’

The last two were given swords and Conn regained his katana and wakizashi. It wasn’t long before two more bodies lay dead on the bailey floor.

He cleaned his swords before sheathing them. ‘It makes no difference who you are; punishment will be the same. You have my instructions; you are free to go.’

Soon all the remained in the castle were his own wiga, as Sighard took control of the facility.

Elva followed Derryth and Conn as they walked out of the castle and headed for the Inn.

‘I need a bath and a beer – not necessarily in that order.’

Conn agreed. ‘I think I need more than one.’ He looked at Elva as she walked along at his side. ‘And you – you and I need to have a little chat about doing silly thing.’

She smiled mischievously. ‘I am very sorry – perhaps later I can show you just how sorry I am…’

Derryth pointed to Conn. ‘Do you know he has an Ancuman theow?’

‘Really? I bet she is pretty and has big breasts.’ She looked at Conn, smiling. ‘Do you think that she would help me show how very sorry I am?’

Conn shook his head. ‘Elva, not all things can be forgive with enthusiastic fornication?’

Elva looked surprised. ‘Since when…’





Chapter 29


As soon he was able, Conn sent letters to Ailbe in Gatina and Ailidh in Silekia, bringing them up to date with events and inviting them to Rakia in the last week of autumn. He also sent out invitations to all the Eaorls of Rakia to attend the first Witan to be held in decades. There was much to discuss.

He then settled into a daily routine of early morning meeting and training with the fyrd, afternoon meetings with the heads of the Engineering and Logistics Corp, dinner with all and sundry and nights with any of the three women who were prepared to accommodate him. This was increasingly not Lile as she was getting closer to giving birth. Elva – with Kutidi’s help – was still sorry. Conn had the funny idea she was just putting it on now.

Some of the first things to deal with so the pyre for the former Healdend and also the Ancuman wiga. It wasn’t their fault that they had to die so far from home. As he watched the pyres burn, he had Kutidi on one side and Geirnarr il Axum on the other. Geirnarr was his new prisoner and had arrived that day with Fionn il Hera. He had brought with him news of the battle for Tindara – Eochid had taken poorly to the suggestion of surrendering and had instead engaged them in battle. He and most of his fyrd had died charging the Eriak cavalry. The Ancuman and his crew were caught in the harbor – they seemed ill aware of the fall of Eochid, and surrendered without a battle – claiming the status of merchants. Without an alternative course of action, Fionn had decided to bring Geirnarr with him – along with the remnants of Eochid’s family.

Geirnarr and Kutidi had spoken little – except to say that Kutidi said that she was theow –to Geirnarr’s surprise. Conn explained the background to the events as they headed out to the Pyre. Later they retired to the Great Hall.

‘So, Geirnarr, tell me what commodities you trade? I have to say that you are the most unlikely ship merchant that I have seen.’

He smiled. ‘It is true that I was once a wiga but I had an injury and retired. As for goods, I buy what I can – time are tough.’

‘What did you find in Tindara worthy of your time?’

‘Alas – little of use. I had been misinformed about the available of, umm, wool – but it seems that the clip was not as big as promised.’ He changed the subject. ‘Can I ask what you intend to do with us? Fair play normally indicates that merchants have a right to leave in circumstances such as these.’

‘I agree – and I will ask Fionn to take you back to your ship. As for a cargo – Fionn will ensure that you have a full load before you leave.’

Geirnarr shook his head. ‘That will not be necessary… just some food supplies perhaps.’

Conn smiled. Geirnarr didn’t want to have to pay for anything. ‘No, I think that it is import that you have a cargo. And prices will be fair. I understand that Tindara has fine timbers.’

‘Timber? Timber is so time consuming…’

‘No, I insist. Fionn will organize it for you. In exchange for my letting you go, I have a boon to ask.’ Conn indicated a case that was sitting to one side. ‘You will find the swords of all of those of Kishdah that had died are in that case. I would ask that you return it to their families.’

Both Kutidi and Geirnarr was surprised. Conn knew how much family honour was stored in the family sword – and some of these were very old.

Geirnarr bowed respectfully. ‘I will do as you ask. It is beyond all expectation – as was the pyre. Both will be appreciated by their families.’



With Geirnarr sent back to Tindara, Conn continued his “work” – which he felt strangely perplexed about. Having “rid” Meshech of the Ancuman and supposedly “put everything right”, he subconsciously expected to receive a “sign” that he had actually achieved what he was here for! But there wasn’t – and the arrival of Lile in Rakiak reminded him that he had inadvertently promised to do something else anyway – perhaps he had postponed the “sign”.

Work in the town proceeded quickly; his organization was a well-oiled machine and they had done it all before. The Engineering Corp was hard at work directing the efforts of hundreds of willing workers – an extensive program of public, commercial and residential buildings was commenced, streets were being paved, sewerage and drainage systems were being constructed and the harbour was being extended. The work on the castle was also being completed – as it was Conn had able to move into the renovated donjon after a week of work – there was still much to do, but his quarters and the great hall was usable.

Logistics had taken over the running of everything else, including the chartering of the Guilds as they arrived in the town to set up businesses in partnership with locals – as per Conn’s requirements.

Many of Conn’s current fyrd were taking the opportunity to retire to become a Laird or in some cases even a Thane – some of the boys he recruited in 862 were now of an age and wealth to take bedda for the first time and didn’t want to travel to some distant shore. Most of those that wanted to remain wiga were happy to stay in Meshech – Conn was going to maintain a fyrd of two thousand scattered around the continent. Consequently he had to recruit a large part of the fyrd he needed to take with him to Sytha from Rakia and Gatina. In total, he needed five hundred cavalry – as well as Logistics and Engineering. In all there would be a thousand men and a thousand horses to transport – as well as supplies. Njil was responsible for putting together the flotilla of over twenty ships.

The Rakians and Gatinans that joined his expeditionary fyrd saw it as an excellent opportunity for fame and wealth. All former members of Conn’s fryd seemed to have done very well for themselves.

Conn’s other personal project was to construct a Cirice in Rakiak, and he used his Twacuman wiga to build one of the same design as the Cirice in Lyciak. It was built just out of town on a site that overlooked the town. At the gate he added a large brass bell. It looked pretty impressive to Conn; he wondered what the Folgere would think about it.

Soon after it was completed, it came as no surprise to him that one morning he was advised that Folgere had arrived at the docks. The ship had come from Gatina and Conn was surprised to find that the passenger list contained not only Morna but Synne as well. Conn greeted them all with hugs. Those he didn’t know very well seems to want to hug him longer.

‘Very impressive. I take this to mean that the Gydens are appreciative of my efforts.’

Morna smiled. ‘It would seem – having an extra Cirice does change the dynamics of the Gyden – but then many seem to have been called recently so we have lots of Folgere to go around.’

Fainche arrived in a rush in to the hall, and the Folgere turned and watched her as she came in. She raced up and hugged Morna and then her cousin Synne. Fainche cried as they hugged.

Synne brought her over to Conn. ‘I heard that you gave her the necklace I gave you. How did you know that it belonged to her?’

Conn laughed. ‘I didn’t – but how did you know to give it to me. As I recall we were both naked at the time and you took it off your neck and put it on me… there was no discussion.’

She smiled ‘Not of the verbal kind anyway – as always you seem to be able to achieve what others can’t. I tried to give the necklace to Fainche when she was a child but she already had the … other one and she rejected it. I am glad that she is finally home.’

The next morning, the Folgere followed Conn – no one else was allowed to go – out of the town and up the hill; the walk took about an hour and as they arrived, the guards opened the gates. Conn dismissed them – they were no longer needed. Inside the palisades was the building that housed the Cirice and extra houses for the Folgere to live in. They entered the Cirice through one of the four doorways, into the central Cella. Inside the sun shone through a hole in the roof.

The central square Cella led to the four Apses, and in each Apse, Conn had arranged for a large piece of uncut marble to be placed. Because of their size, they had been placed there before the building was even built, and it was still incomplete because no one knew what to carve. Conn watched as the Folgere spread out, dividing into colours; Morna stayed with Conn in the center while the girls disrobed and placed their robes over the marble blocks. They started to chant; led by Morna who stood in the centre; her robes now at her feet. Naked, their chants turned to a wail and the light intensity increased until Conn had to close his eyes. The wailing stopped and when he opened them again the Folgere were removing the robes from the rock. Instead of a marble block, there now stood four statues of the Gyden; splendid in their voluptuous nakedness – their hands outstretched, and the usual twinkle in their eyes.

Conn’s head was filled with an immediate hum and he shut them all out. He then went to each in his usual fashion; collecting a haligdom from his pouch and placing it into the open palms that sat waiting. As the stones hit the marble, they were quickly half absorbed into the stone. It never failed to amaze Conn.

Soon the room was full of light and well as ecstatic and still naked Folgere embracing each other in sexual embraces; some were soon on the floor in what was soon to be an orgy. The naked Morna came to Conn with a girl in tow. Conn recognized her immediately they took the gown from her. It was Andsware.

‘Andsware need to be initiated – she is still in much emotional pain. We can help her – as we do all that suffer from the mistreatment of men.’

Conn didn’t seem to have much choice; other Folgere were disrobing him as Morna was speaking. It was going to be a long afternoon.

~x361~



It last late afternoon when Conn finally returned to the town and the donjon, quite worse for wear. Again, he always thought that there would be worse ways of dying – if fact he couldn’t think of a better way of dying.

A few weeks after the opening of the Cirice, the two Healdend arrived – as well as Halla il Cyme. She arrived earlier with Ewan; she had stopped in to collect Jowan and Oisin from the new harbor in Piada. Conn learnt that Oisin was now officially the Wealdend of Piada – it had been time for her father to re-join the wind. Fiona il Gatina had also travelled with her father and brother at his request.

Conn had his first meetings without the Eaorls, and he outlined what he wanted to do. Ailbe was still surprised.

‘You have every right to be Healdend and yet that is not what you want.’

‘No; Rakia is no more – what was done in 636 is to be undone. I would only be Eaorl of Rakia.’

‘But you are Eaorl of Eriak… you can’t be Eaorl of two demesnes.’

‘Not under one Healdend, no. That is why I want the Eaorl of Eriak be transferred to Odilea, Fiona and my daughter, but as she is too young, I want Fiona to be declared her Regent.’

Ailbe was still confused. ‘What about Rakia – you said that you are leaving for Sytha?’

‘Oswen will be declared the heir and I will be appointing Major Osdred il Jader the Governor while I am absent. I don’t imagine that it will be that long.’

‘And that leaves Tindara. You said that the heir is to be Halla’s son Ewan, and Aelfstan il Jasi is to be the regent.’

‘Yes; I have arranged for him to take Eochid’s daughter Eldwen as bedda, and have agreed with Eldwen that her daughter will be Ewan’s first bedda.’

Ailidh laughed. She was holding on of her two babies on her lap. Conn had the other. ‘I presume that you have plans for these two as well?’

‘Of course – this one – if this is Brigantia, is to be the heir of Ilissus. I think that her bedda could be Leowahl il Ilissus. It will join the Eaorldom back with the Thane demesne and Ceolred il Ilissus will be regent for her while I’m away.

Ailbe looked at Devnet and Ailidh and shrugged. ‘It all seems far too reasonable to me. Only think I’m concerned about is handing out those medal thing.’

Ailidh gave him a dirty look. ‘You have hundreds – I have thousands – so don’t complain.’

The last act of the last sitting of the Witan of Rakia voted itself out of existence – after it had complete the procedure of naming the Eaorls and heirs of Rakia. As well as Conn’s immediate family, Kane il Lipara was renamed Kane il Motya and became the new Eaorl – with his father as Regent. The turbulent period had resulted in there being four new Regents in the former Rakia, and they made their declaration of loyalty to their charges with each other Eaorl witness.

With the extinguishment of Rakia, the Eaorls of Ilissus, Mylae, Lipara, and Soloes made their vows of allegiance to Ailidh and the Eaorls of Rakia, Tindara, Akarah, Hera and Syra and Motya made their vows to Ailbe.

They then called out and filled with wiga from Conn’s fyrd every vacant Thane demesne in Rakia – as well as the ten new Baronies. As well as Aelfstan, Osdred and Ceolred, the senior commanders of all his Fyrd was similarly rewarded. As well as the Thane demesne, several hundred others became Lairds within the Thane demesnes.

That long day was followed by an even longer feast, and Conn found himself trying to avoid the numerous women vying for his attention. Conn had learnt that Rakian society, like the Gatinans, was more conservatively dressed that the northern Moesians who barely wore anything on the top. However, with the arrival of Moesian and Lycian fashion, even Rakians women wore the form showing designs and the nightly feasts were a sea of breasts jutting over tightly bound bodices of silk or linen blouses.

He escaped to Ailidh’s room.

She open the door. She was miffed. ‘You ignored me all evening and now you turn up here. I shouldn’t let you in…’ The silken Yukata was a major seller from Conn’s factories and she casually let hers open. She was naked underneath.

‘I was overrun. I had no idea that Fallon liked to have women sit on his lap ALL the time – and they kept trying to place my hand places it shouldn’t be placed in public.’

Ailidh stepped forward and picked up his hand. She placed it on her left breast. What had once been ample was now large. ‘You mean here?’

‘Yes, just there.’

She moved his hand a bit and then gave it back. ‘Well, I still shouldn’t let you in.’

Conn signed audibly for effect. ‘Very well then, I’ll just…’ He turned to go.

‘Don’t you dare leave!’ She hadn’t let go of his hand yet, ‘Come in here this minute – I’ve had a Folgere with a very lustful look in her eyes rubbing my leg all evening and I’m as aroused as a sow in season. I promised to see her tomorrow at the Cirice. And don’t you dare get me pregnant again.’

‘You will be fine – breastfeeding is a natural contraceptive.’ Conn walked in and closed the door as Ailidh discarded her gown as she walked to the bed.

She wasn’t.

~x363~



The next day they had the military parades – and they handed out hundreds of service medals and the less numerous gallantry medals to both Silekian, Rakian and Gatinan wiga. Ailidh also appointed more members to the Order of the Cirice – the Knight Commander to Ibor il Lipara, Aelfstan il Jasi and Osdred il Jader, and the lesser level of Knight to Meilseoir il Soloes and Breasal il Mylae. Bryce il Akarah, Fionn il Hera and Leodhas il Syra.

Conn then took the opportunity to appoint more Knight Commanders – Devnet il Gatina, Bryce il Akarah, Fionn il Hera and Leodhas il Syra, were all raised to Order.

It was later when they were celebrating with wine that Ailbe mentioned Oxmon in Mazra. The work on the star fort was progressing slowly but surely.

‘I don’t mind personally by why are you spending so much money on a castle that will not get any use? Surely the Ancuman have been defeated and will not come back.’

Conn shook his head. ‘They don’t think they think that – except for a few incidents, it is just their Priecuman allies – who they consider to be weak and feeble – that were defeated. When they come back they will bring perhaps ten thousand Ancuman wiga to extract revenge.’

‘But why? Why go to all this effort?’

‘Remember that in 562, the last Casere, Goibniu, brought together the three Aebeling that he allowed to rule the lands with him; Comhghall il Gatina, Daimine il Moetia and Leachlainn il Trokia. He got them together to try and avert a threat that he believed would endanger the entire population.’

Conn paused to sip his drink and started to walk around the room; his old University professorship days returning to him.

‘What was the threat?’

‘He had somehow learnt that the Ancuman were planning to invade – and very soon. They had gathered a force large enough to secure a stronghold in Meshech – and that was in Gatina.’

Ailbe protested. ‘I have not heard of that.’

‘I doubt that you would have – but it is the records here. Goibniu called the meeting but unfortunately it was held in Mylae – where the Ancuman had placed the guard stone – counteracting any influence of the Gyden on the Aebelings. He expected that Daimine il Moetia and Leachlainn il Trokia would side with him as Casere – against Comhghall – but they didn’t. Trokia had no Cirice and Daimine had been undermined by the bedda of his daughter in siding with Comhghall – and he didn’t gain their support against Gatina.’

Ailbe knew most of this. ‘And Comhghall was going to lead a rebellion against the Casere…’

‘Yes – with Ancuman forces. What they didn’t count on Goibniu doing what he did – he resigned as Casere – and he effectively bought time by negotiating that there would be no Ancuman in any demesne. The chief advisor to Comhghall was an Ancuman called Finlayv; who later became the Eaorl of Rakia, and he was the only exception. In exchange for becoming Healdend, they had to prohibit any other Ancuman from Meshech.’

Everyone agreed that they had never seen such an agreement.

‘You haven’t – all four copies are here in Rakia.’ Conn had them brought out and two were handed back.

‘There has been a deliberate campaign by the Rakians to erase knowledge of the agreement – to the extent that even by the war with Silekia, it wasn’t a problem because all copies had been stolen and brought back to Rakia. The second agreement that created the Healdend of Rakia didn’t mention the first agreement – which I thought strange. The library here is full of documents stolen from all libraries of all the demesne.’

‘So you are saying that they will just try to do what they’ve always wanted to do – but this time by force.’

‘The will – it is just a matter of time. Oxmon will protected that part of Gatina. The expansions of Trokiak will protect them, as will Hebal in Trokia – it will be hard to pass into Moetia if Hebal is in the way. I have one of my best Major as bedda to the Eaorl of Mohar – and he directs the building of the Castle there. Kadash protects Moetia while Atrak and Tergeste guard the western coast. They will never expose their ships to my ships anything soon so they will make their landing in Trokia – it is only the logical point.’

‘And when is this happening?’

‘In our life time.’

Ailidh was still confused about something. ‘You have the Torc but you are not Casere. But you are Feorhhyrde. Aren’t they usually combined?

‘Not always – when Kolmarr went in search of the Priecuman and brought the Sythans here, the Twacuman gave him two things – the Torc of the Casere and the medallion of the Feorhhyrde.’

Ailidh nodded. ‘The Torc gave him rule over all Priecuman. But what does the medallion do?’

Conn laughed as he looked at Oisin. ‘I don’t know how it got to be given to Priecuman but it is just the symbol of the Healdend of all Twacuman.’

Ailbe and Devnet laughed. ‘Is that it? It has no special Gyden given powers?’

Conn shook his head. ‘No – it is just like the Torc. The question behind it how, when and why it was given away.’ He fiddled with the medallion. ‘This was made in Kishdah – and then it went to Sytha and then it came here. It cannot be taken – it has to be given.’

Devnet had a question. ‘But why do the Ancuman want Meshech? Surely it is not worth all this effort?

‘It is to them. They want to eliminate the Priecuman and punish them for the past losses but mostly importantly they want to recapture the Twacuman. They want Twacuman for Theow. Like them they live long lives – and they don’t get pregnant. Pregnancy is not only dangerous but expensive. That is why the Twacuman were being stolen from Halani – the Ancuman wanted them and were prepared to pay a small fortune. It was worth the risk.’

Derryth nodded. ‘In the time of the Ancuman, it is said that we were bred for work and for the pleasure of our masters. Once the Ancuman were finished with a girl; she would be sent back to the village to have children.’

Ailbe was astounded. ‘So all of this is so the Ancuman could have long living workers and bedda? That seems absurd.’

‘There are many things that look differently when you put them in a different light; the Ancuman have their own way of looking at the world.’

‘So, amongst all of this, you are going to Sytha?’ Conn ad discussed his plans with both Healdends. ‘What about the Ancuman?’

‘They won’t be back for some time – I’d say a few years at the earliest. And with all my ships, I’ll know if they are heading this way.’ Conn paused. ‘I’m pretty sure that the problems in Sytha are being caused by the Ancuman, so I’d like to deal with them there first, before it gets out of hand. Everything here is in good hands now – especially if you both agree to setup the fyrds as I suggested.’

Conn set into motion as new Meshechian fyrd; centred on the recruitment and maintenance of almost three thousand men throughout the continent. Eight garrison town were to be constructed all around Meshech, to each house five companies of wiga, mostly pikemen and bowmen – cavalry was too expensive to maintain. Just like the Romans, Conn recruited men for his fyrd with certain conditions. They would serve and train for fifteen years minimum; from the age of fifteen. At the end of that time they could marry and also receive land to become a Laird and during their time they would move between the garrisons every two year; they should return home at the end of the eight years having marched the entire circumference of Meshech. The garrison towns were already under construction in his demesnes – Oxmon, Eriak, Rakiak, Tovio, Azaba, Barek, Samal, and Ushu would provide them homes and their wages would be paid from the annual taxes collected on their behalf by each Healdend.



As winter was setting in – and Rakian had the coldest winters of all of Meshech, the two Healdend headed home before the seas got too rough as well. Conn farewelled them on the docks. Ailbe was almost sad to leave.

‘Eaorl – I’m getting old. I doubt that we will meet again. I can’t imagine what kind of impact you will have in Sytha – and I’m sorry I won’t hear the stories! Safe travels.’

One of the last to leave was Halla. Halla was a conundrum – she looked magnificent and strangely hadn’t seemed to have aged at all. It was starting to be noticed and commented upon. Despite three children (and a possibility of more – Conn had been sneaking into her room late at night), she looked younger than when he first met her. He wondered if the black stone had an effect on her. Something was amiss.

Halla dropped their son on his lap. Ewan was now three. ‘I am leaving him with you – it is time his father took care of him. He is far too disruptive in a castle of women!’

Conn was shocked. ‘What about his sisters? Won’t they miss him?’

‘Probably not – the will enjoy the peace and quiet like the rest of us!’

‘Do you really want me to take him to Sytha with me?’ Conn was a little surprised.

Halla thought for a moment. ‘Yes, I think that would be good for him, Njil’s boys are about the same age. They can keep each other company.’ Njil and his family travelled together on his ship.

Conn nodded. ‘OK; but you don’t get off that easy. I want you to take my daughters with you.’

Elva was shocked. ‘All of them?’

‘When they are twelve. Anissa’s two will be the first and I want you to train them in the ways of the Valkeri – as well as my ways of course. The school we established there is doing a great job.’

‘And their mothers?’

‘They agree – the kids are so easy to target, and harder to manage as they get older. They know they will be in danger, but they will be safest with you.’



Halla returned to Cyme, taking Moana and most of the Folgere with here. Fainche returned to Gatina with Synne. There remained only four Folgere in Rakiak – but they were enough to keep Conn distracted. There were also a lot of widows in Rakiak who were more than happy to sit on his lap in the privacy of his chambers.

Winter saw Lile give birth to twin girls as expected, and he felt sure that that Kutidi was now also pregnant.

Conn just had to wait for the return of Njil in the spring to begin the relatively simple voyage to Sytha. It was going to be simple except that he received a message from Caewyn, by pigeon, that he wasn’t to leave until she arrived. She would be there at the beginning of spring. He was to WAIT.

Conn hated waiting.





Book Three




Several weeks into spring there was still no sign of Caewyn, and a very frustrated Conn stood with Derryth looking at the pouring rain from the castle window. He overlooked the harbour and there were only three boats left. He had sent Lile and Kutidi – now heavily pregnant – with Ewan and a hundred wiga ahead on her own ship. Conn decided it best if she proceeded him as he was being delayed. His ship was fastest so they should arrive around the same time if he was only a week delayed. That was two weeks ago.

‘This is getting ridiculous. The rest of the fleet will be there before we even leave at this stage. How long did the LAST message say?’

‘A few more day; at the most.’

‘So it should be soon. Heck, it should have been last week – and then there is this incessant rain. Are the ships ready?’

Derryth nodded. ‘For the tenth time, Njil says that he is now ready to go. The supplies are all stored and the men ready to board. All he has to do is load the horses. He waits for your command.’

The main ship was his newest and the largest; nearly two hundred foot in length, it carried over 300 men and over two thousand tonnes of cargo. It was what could be called a ‘packet ship’, and because he was carrying fifty horses as well, there were only a single company of men; one hundred of his best. Getting it loaded had proven to be problematic and they had to build a new dock for this ship alone. Loaded, its draught was almost seven yards deep. There were two other vessels that also waited – a smaller hundred foot schooner that would act as the escort and scout; and a cargo Junk that was loaded with an additional three thousand tonnes of supplies and military hardware. With both, he could outfit five companies of men with the finest weapons and uniforms that money could buy.

Conn watched the rain stop and the clouds part. The sun returned to its rightful place warming the surrounds.

‘I hope this is an omen – I still think that someone is messing with us. I just wish to hell I knew who it was.’

They headed down to the grand hall as a servant rushed in.

‘Eaorl, you have guests at the gate. Caewyn il Halani is here to see you.’

‘Finally!’ Conn called another servant. ‘Send someone to Njil and tell him that we set sail as soon as possible.’

Within moments, Caewyn arrived. He almost didn’t recognize her as she glided into the hall, her long dark green cloak sodden. Servants retrieved it from her and she walked up to Conn and hugged him. No longer a girl, she was quite the woman, tall and beautiful; her hair and eyes black and her skin shining like golden bronze.

Conn shook his head as he looked at her. ‘Every other day something happens that I don’t understand. Today is one of those days.’

‘And what don’t you understand today?’ she asked; in fact she almost purred.

‘I don’t understand how you could have gotten any more beautiful since the last time I saw you. I didn’t think it was possible – but it is.’ He kissed her on both cheeks ‘Welcome – and am I glad to see you!’

‘Have I kept you waiting long?’

‘Only three weeks – the rest of the fleet is almost there.’ He tried hard not to sound sarcastic.

‘Good, good.’

Conn was confused. ‘Good? How can that be good?’

‘Just because it is – no reason that I can explain, just a feeling I have. I just feel that it is important that only you be on the water at one time. Is your ship a good one?’

She greeted Derryth with a big hug as well. He looked at her curiously. ‘I don’t like the sound of this – are we at risk of sinking? You know how I hate the water. And I don’t think I can swim to Sytha…’

‘I don’t think so. But be careful. Anyway, you need to be on your way soon – I just have two more things to talk to you about. Come this way.’

She led them out of the donjon into the bailey. There waiting for them were her troop and a few extra horses. She led them to one of them – he was over 15 hands, an overo. ‘Do you recognize him?’

Conn didn’t approach him as he knew immediately that he was elven bred.

‘He is the second foal from the mare that Oisin gave me. Annisa told me he ran away.’ He held out his hand and the large stallion walked forward and nudged his hand, and then walked forward and nudged him in the chest and stomach hard enough to send him flying backwards.

Conn struggled to stay on his feet. ‘Gyden! Hello to you too! What is his name?’

‘He doesn’t have one – you have to name him.’

Conn looked at him for a while. ‘Balios. I think that Balios is his name. So he didn’t run away?’

Caewyn nodded. ‘No, just moved to the great forest. He came home just recently. Anyway, he likes the name. Good, that is settled then. He is to go with you. I think you will need him.’

There were two things that had concerned Conn about his impending trip. The first was that he couldn’t leave when he had planned. The second was that for the first time ever, he didn’t have a ‘proper’ horse. The stallion he was currently riding was lame – and he didn’t seem to like ships. Totally refused to go near it. Another had died from colic. He was taking his third and fourth horses – and they were both young and inexperienced. Now he had this monster of an Elven bred horse. He felt better – even if he still felt that someone was messing with him. He hated being messed with

‘And what is this second thing you want to do?’

‘I need you to find a bedda for me. I have looked in Piada but there is no one there for me. He must be in Sytha.’

‘And how will we know?’

‘You will know. Even if you don’t, whomever you bring back will be just fine.’

Derryth looked at Caewyn. ‘So you want us to find you a bedda and bring him back for you. What happen if he doesn’t want to come?’

She smiled mischievously. ‘You’ll know what to do. Anyway, I’m going to find whoever is in charge and then have a proper bath. You need to be on your way. High tide is in an hour, and the weather is changing.’ She kissed Conn again and he hugged her. ‘Thank you for saying those nice things. No one else says things like that to me.’ She looked pointedly at Derryth as she said this. He shrugged.

The Reeve had arrived and Caewyn went and greeted her.

As she walked away, Derryth asked, ‘How does she know it is going to be high tide in an hour? She lives in a forest!’

‘Don’t ask me. I’m just happy to be going.’ Conn had said his goodbyes every day for the last three weeks and so he went, and headed for the dock. Balios was waiting outside quietly for him. Conn addressed him.

‘So, shall we walk or ride?’ He didn’t move so Conn presumed that meant ride and leapt aboard. The horse turned and they headed for the docks. By the time they arrived; the loading of the horses and wiga was almost complete. Conn dismounted and led the horse to the loading plank. Njil waited for him.

‘I presume the horse goes with us. Will he go on?’

Conn nodded. ‘Yep, shouldn’t be a problem. I think you will find that he is not an ordinary horse.’ Conn hailed a groom and gave him instructions. Balios needed his own stall; and it should be twice the size of any other horse. ‘If you needed to, leave one of the other colts behind.’ he instructed.

The groom led the horse to the plank and Balios quietly followed along behind; the sway of the plank and the rocking of the ship was not a problem. Unlike the others he hadn’t done this ten times already – on calm days – for practise.

Two hours later they were finally at sea; the Schooner and junk were waiting and they set course north east. As the wind filled their sails Conn thought he should warn Njil.

‘What do you mean – expect bad weather?’

‘Only passing on what I have been told. I think you should assume that hatches should be battened down at all times. This is not going to be an easy trip. See those clouds on the horizon?’

Njil sighed. ‘And it started out as such a beautiful day.’





