The World Online


TWO • 网游之全球在线





Earth Online – a virtual MMORPG that takes place in the future year of 2190 – a game that everyone will bet their futures on. Set in a map that is ten times the size of real-world Earth, players battle for supremacy in the first game to feature personal adventure, territory construction, and grand warfare. For every death you experience in the game, your level would drop back to zero. Ouyang Shuo, an above average player, suffered the ultimate betrayal. For merely a piece of equipment, his sworn brother betrayed and backstabbed him. This time, after he reincarnated in the game, Ouyang Shuo swore to exact vengeance.

However, in an unexpected turn of events, Ouyang Shuo found himself back five years before the betrayal – right before the launch of Earth Online. This time, armed with the knowledge from his past life, Ouyang Shuo would venture upon a new path.

How to perfectly complete quests? What historical battle maps would appear? How should one build up their territory? Utilizing the experience from the predecessors of his last life, Ouyang Shuo makes his bid for the top against all odds. Follow his journey as he seeks to lord over the world!

A different kind of tale that blends historical characters and virtual reality gaming, with heavy emphasis on kingdom building and warfare.



Author(s):Sheng Xiao Jian Ke, 笙箫剑客

Artist(s):

Year: 2016

Country: China

Genres:Action, Adventure, Fantasy, Harem, Martial Arts, Mature, Romance, Sci-fi

Tags:Accelerated Growth, Army Building, Beast Companions, Betrayal, Body Tempering, Business Management, Clever Protagonist, Determined Protagonist, Domestic Affairs, Doting Older Siblings, Futuristic Setting, Guilds, Hard-Working Protagonist, Hiding True Identity, Kingdom Building, Level System, Loyal Subordinates, Male Protagonist, MMORPG, Nationalism, Politics, Protagonist Loyal to Love Interest, Second Chance, Skill Books, Virtual Reality, Wealthy Characters, Younger Sisters

Translator(s):Gravity Tales, Imported



* * *



ASIANOVEL VERSION: 3.1

EPUB VERSION: 2.0

UUID: 45444780-231c-11e9-9cd2-c7a0da9edd8b

USER: Dohvakin

DATE CREATED: 2019-01-28

LANGUAGE: English



* * *



More info and chapters: https://www.asianovel.com/series/the-world-online





Chapter 146




Chapter 146 – Yellow Emperor Temple

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Walking out of the meeting room, Ouyang Shuo remembered that he still had not dealt with the wolf tooth necklace. He immediately left the lord's manor and prepared to make a trip to the ancestral hall.

Normally when he went, the ancestral temple would be very cold. Apart from the miscellaneous service workers sent by the culture and education division, pretty much no one would walk into the ancestral hall.

The moment he walked into the ancestral hall, a notification sounded in his ear.

"System notification: Found that player Qiyue Wuyi has special item: wolf tooth necklace, the item is highly compatible with the ancestral hall, will you use it?"

"Use!"

A white light shone across, the wolf tooth necklace flew up from Ouyang Shuo's hand and slowly towards the Yellow Emperor statue. It hung itself across its neck. Instantly, a golden light shone and the statue looked like it had come alive, becoming very holy and sacred.

"System notification: Shanhai Town ancestral hall, after gaining Yellow Emperor's special item, is renamed Yellow Emperor temple. Stats massively increased, player please take a look."

It was as that player in the last life predicted. Getting the Yellow Emperor's special item would trigger a change in the ancestral hall. Such a huge change was something that the player probably did not imagine.

To have such a big chance, Ouyang Shuo predicted that it had something to do with the wolf tooth necklace. That was the representative item of the Yellow Emperor, naturally it was uncommon.

After the name change, the Yellow Emperor temple looked brand-new and took up 3-4 times more space. Along with the Mazu temple, both looked grand and majestic.

Ouyang Shuo quickly checked the statistics of the Yellow Emperor temple to see what surprises it would bring. Name: Yellow Emperor Temple Type: Hidden building Function: Raises resident satisfaction by 40%, Raises territory fame by 10% Specialty: Ancestor protection (Raises resident body condition by 50%) Evaluation: The Yellow Emperor temple has the reputation of "World’s first temple". It’s the main place where the Chinese people pray to their ancestor Xuanyuan, the Yellow Emperor. Compared to the sealed Mazu temple, the stats of the Yellow Emperor temple were much stronger. Its specialty let the body condition of residents rise by a large amount, a huge benefit to the military-oriented people. Ouyang Shuo couldn't imagine how much stronger the mountain barbarians would get after the buffs.

Walking out from the Yellow Emperor temple, Ouyang Shuo returned to the lord's manor once again and sent an alliance invitation to Feng Qiuhuang.

After the battle map, all the Shanhai Alliance members agreed to let her into the alliance. With that, the Shanhai Alliance became a lot stronger.

Because Ouyang Shuo sent out the alliance invitation as the leader, after she accepted, she automatically became a member and did not need to repeatedly ask the other members for permission.

After Fallen Phoenix Town was added into the Shanhai Alliance, the structure of the Shanhai Alliance would be settled, and they probably would not accept any new members unless in special circumstances. Ouyang Shuo's alliance goal had pretty much been reached. The next step was to wait for everyone to get online before he put his plans into play.

Of the six members of the Shanhai Alliance, Shanhai Town, Consonance Town, and Mulan Town were in the Dali region, Fallen Phoenix Town was in Luoyang region, and Xunlong Town and Black Tiger Town were located in the Quanzhou region. Adding all of them up, they formed a triangle.

The Battle of Zhuolu let all members of the alliance get to know each other better. After the battle ended, the members lacked a communication channel. Using pigeon letters was inconvenient as you could only send each one to one person, and so they were unable to communicate in groups.

A realization hit Ouyang Shuo as he opened the Shanhai Town working interface, spending 400 gold to open the alliance channel. With this, they could have a channel to chat on. As compared to the global channel, the alliance channel had a one time off fee. After opening, chatting was free and very convenient.

The alliance channel was similar to online chat groups, where players had to apply before they were added into the channel. Since the channel would be used for discussions with allies, he hoped that only the higher ups would be invited.

Hence, Ouyang Shuo invited Feng Qiuhuang, Bai Hua, Xunlong Dianxue, Mu Lanyue and Gong Chengshi, giving them the status of admin. With this they could bring in other lords.

After receiving his invitation, Bai Hua and the others quickly accepted and joined the channel.

"Ya, the alliance has its own channel, that's great." Mu Lanyue was the first to speak.

"We made Wuyi spend again." Feng Qiuhuang knew much about the alliance channel.

"Haha, I can finally talk to the few beauties." That was Gong Chengshi.

In the game channel, not only could you type, you could also communicate via voice, even video. No wonder Gong Chengshi was so excited.

The whole chatting channel was like the other interfaces in the game, a virtual screen which appeared in front of the player. Other players, including NPCs, wouldn't see the virtual screens.

Players could open or close this virtual screen using their thoughts.

"Brother is a hooligan." Mu Lanyue didn't give Gong Chengshi any face.

"Hooligan +1" Ouyang Shuo joined in the fun.

"Big brother, don't laugh at me like that." Gong Chengshi was hurt.

"You deserve it, who asked you to not be able to hide it?" Xunlong Dianxue said.

"Haha." The quiet goddess Bai Hua was still so quiet.

"Everyone can invite the core players from your territory into the channel." Ouyang Shuo said, in fear that Gong Chengshi would invite random people in.

"Great." Bai Hua said and invited Zi Luolan, Hong Ying and Tsing Yi into the channel.

Feng Qiuhuang too invited her trusted subordinates into the channel.

Ouyang Shuo frowned. The original alliance was 3 guys and 3 girls, which was quite balanced. Now with the two women squads, it broke the balance, and the alliance channel became a women majority camp.

Only the pervert Gong Chengshi blew wolf whistles in the channel without trying to cover up. Mu Lanyue and Xunlong Dianxue were the same as Ouyang Shuo and were solo players. Their whole territory only had them. Gong Chengshi's territory did have one player, who was his buddy. His ID was fat tiger. One didn't need to think, just by looking at the ID one could imagine how the brother looked like.

More than 10 players joining in made the channel boisterous.

Out of all these people, most hadn't met in the game. However, as they were from the same alliance and were all young, it was easy to communicate with one another.

What definitely couldn't be denied was that the 4 flowers of Consonance Town had a little competitive spirit along with the 5 from Fallen Phoenix Town. After all, both territories were highly similar: both were women-dominated and had the desire to climb. This was normal.

Before Fallen Phoenix Town joined Shanhai Alliance, Consonance Town had been in 2nd place within the alliance. After Fallen Phoenix Town joined in, however, whomever was 2nd in the alliance was hard to say.

Based on qualifications, Consonance Town was the first to ally with Shanhai Town, and compared to a newcomer like Fallen Phoenix Town, it was older. Even Ouyang Shuo becoming the leader was suggested by Bai Hua. If she hadn't chosen to give up, the alliance wouldn't have been born so easily.

Talking in terms of strength, after the Battle of Zhuolu, although Consonance Town was catching up to Fallen Phoenix Town, Fallen Phoenix Town’s background was much greater. Even if Feng Qiuhuang was magnanimous, her little sisters wouldn't be willing to give up the 2nd place in the alliance.

As for the battle between the two sides, as the leader, Ouyang Shuo decided to keep neutral.

Both Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang were smart people, so their competition would definitely be positive.

"Wuyi, when will Shanhai Town apply to upgrade? Based on what I know, Di Chen has already applied." While casually talking, Feng Qiuhuang suddenly asked.

The message system instantly quieted down. Obviously everyone was very curious of the answer to that question. As the leader of the Shanhai Alliance, Shanhai Town's achievements and position was connected to the position of the alliance in the Chinese region.

Ouyang Shuo didn't want to keep any secrets and said, "What a coincidence, I applied today too."

"Wa, it's going to be a battle." Mu Lanyue shrieked.

"What battle? The way I see it, Di Chen is totally not big brother's opponent." Gong Chengshi had a bad opinion of Di Chen, which everyone was aware of.

"Wuyi, do you have confidence?" Bai Hua asked with concern.

"About 80-90% confidence!" Ouyang Shuo didn't have the confidence to say he was a 100% sure.

"Good luck!" Xunlong Dianxue showed his support.

"Brother Wuyi, do you need us to arrange backup?" Jokes were jokes but at this crucial time, Mu Lanyue was very supportive of Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo laughed and shook his head. This stupid girl still hadn't understood the situation.

"Silly girl, upgrading the territory is something that allies cannot help with."

"I didn't apply before, so it's okay if I didn't know that." Mu Lanyue replied.

"I heard that the America and Indian regions already had territories who applied. The system test will be in two days." The quest-crazy Xunlong Dianxue was sensitive to information, more keen than others were.

"Let's let the heavens decide!" Ouyang Shuo said helplessly.

"Brother Wuyi is the best. They definitely wouldn't succeed." This was another one of Ouyang Shuo's worshippers: Qingluan from Fallen Phoenix Town.

"Haha!" Ouyang Shuo burst out in laughter.



* * *





Chapter 147




Chapter 147: TWO Chapter 147 - The Triple-bow Aacruballistas

Chapter 147 - The Triple-bow Aacruballistas

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

3PM, Shanhai Town meeting hall.

Ouyang Shuo had called for a Shanhai Town military administration meeting. Those that joined the meeting were directors Fan Zhongyan, Tian Wenjing, Cui Yingyu, Ge Hongliang, military unit general General Shi, cavalry unit major Lin Yi, Beihai navy fleet commander Pei Donglai, Shanhai Town city protection unit major Zhao Sihu, and Clerk Bai Nanpu will be in charge of the notes.

Before the meeting started, Ouyang Shuo had already let Bai Nanpu inform the people in the meeting that the main issue of the meeting was on how they would face the raider's city attack on the 5th month 20th day, to ensure that Shanhai Town could upgrade smoothly.

Before discussing the specific strategies, Ouyang Shuo had firstly paid attention to the environment in Shanhai Town.

After the Qingming Operation, the nomadic tribes temporarily didn't have any movement, be it Khan Mengke from the Tian Qi tribe or Dariachi from the Tian Feng tribe, they were all people who were politically experienced, before they had investigated things clearly, they wouldn't make any moves.

The only change was that the Tian Feng tribe took control of the destroyed Tian Lian tribe's pasture. As for such a bandit like act, the Tian Qi tribe sent out a warning for them to return it but did not make any actual movement.

On the side of Beihai Town, as the second navy unit was built, the Beihai navy fleet had been preliminarily formed.

Pei Donglai gave up the role of the navy unit major role and became the commander of the Beihai navy fleet. The original navy unit first captain Zhang Zhoufeng became the first unit major. The second captain Zhang Youfang became the second unit major. The original 3rd squadron captain Zhang Lihai was not Pei Donglai's assistant.

Based on Ouyang Shuo's plan, the future Beihai navy fleet had a military organization. The two navy units were only twenty percent of a full Organization.

The pirate "Black Shark" from Moon Island, ever since he visited the area around Beihai Town and faced a nail, he had never done any further operations. Ouyang Shuo guessed that before he understands the strength of Beihai Town, he wouldn't dare to attack again.

Based on Pei Donglai's reaction, although Black Shark didn't make a large scale move, but in the outer area of Beihai Town, one could still see ships monitoring and scouting, they were probably his scouting ships. The pirates cared a lot about their face so this time when Blackbeard came but was forced to retreat, he had to get back his dignity and pride.

Pei Donglai didn't defend passively but instead made use of scouting operations and confirmed the location of Moon Island. There was even a time when he used the Mengchong warship to launch a sneak attack against the scout ship and from the captive prisoner, he gained information about Black Shark.

Pei Donglai was actually super confident and said that it's okay if he doesn't come, but if Black Shark came, he would definitely not be able to return. If it wasn't that they were lacking manpower, Pei Donglai would even want to attack Moon Island.

With the outside threats all temporary neutralized, Ouyang Shuo had even more confidence to face the upcoming raider city attack.

The reason why Ouyang Shuo was so confident to be able to defend was because of his greatest trump card, the bed crossbow built by the Bow and Crossbow Division after taking a look at the Song Dynasty bow and crossbow making manual.

Bei Song’s heavy bed crossbow had developed till he could put 3 composite bows com

bined on a frame, it was called “triple-bow acruballistas”, the arrow was the “wooden stick iron feather”, called “1 spear 3 sword arrow”, the arrow that was shot was as big as a spear, the 3 feathers were like 3 swords, flying up to 1500 metres. It was the weapon with the furthest range during the cold weapons era.

Apart from firing a solo giant arrow, the acruballistas could also fire dozens of small arrows at once, known as the frosty crow arrows. When attacking a city, it could also projectile stepping arrows which the invading warriors could use to climb the city walls. Hence, one could say that the acruballistas was the ultimate weapon for both attack and defence, the pinnacle of Song Dynasty bow and crossbow technology.

This weapon of mass killing, its difficulty to make was obvious. Till date, since the creation of the Bow and Crossbow Division, it had been 1.5 months, such a long time and they only made 2 of the triple-bow acruballistas. Apart from that, they also made 4 ordinary acruballistas.

The aiming and shooting of the bed crossbow must be controlled by a professional, huge strength must be used to pull the giant axe head shaped trigger. The soldiers that used the acruballistas was a specific type in the military, know as the “acruballistas crossbowman”.

Since the establishment of the Bow and Arrow Division, the Military Affairs Department had secretly selected and trained acruballistas crossbowmen, a total of 500 people. This 500 men were tasked with the 2 triple-bow acruballistas and the 4 ordinary acruballistas.

Ouyang Shuo specially named this group of men as the God Machine camp. The God Machine camp was a special unit in the Ming Dynasty that was in charge of firearms. The triple-bow acruballistas was like the big cannon out of firearms, from this, one could see the wishes he had on this force.

The major that the Military Affairs Department chose for the God Machine camp was called Wang Yuanfeng, 26 years old, he was a basic rank general. Based on combat power, Wang Yuanfeng probably couldn’t even compare to rank 7 elite soldier, but his familiarity with the bed crossbow was what no one could compare with. Not only did he know everything about the structure of the acruballistas, his specialty: precision, also made him the perfect choice to lead.

Name: Wang Yuanfeng (Silver rank)

Identity: Shanhai Town God Machine Camp Major

Identity: Basic General

Loyalty: 85

Command: 40

Force: 25

Intelligence: 20

Politics: 25

Specialty: Precision (raise the precision of weapon instruments by 50%)

Cultivation Technique: No

Equipment: Tang Sword, Leather Armor

Evaluation: Good at using various weapon instruments, especially bed crossbow and large sized weapon instruments



Only relying on the acruballistas and the God Machine Camp would definitely not stop the raider city invasion.

Based on the information revealed by players in the last life, the invading raiders numbered around 6 thousand men. Their type will depend on the environment, there may be raiders, bandits, mountain bandits or water bandits, everything was possible. Based on the environment around Shanhai Town, it should be a combination of raiders and water bandits.

All the army men in Shanhai Town, counting the God Machine unit and the Langshan protection unit in, they only totaled 5 thousand men. However he couldn’t move the protection unit as they still had to protect against attacks from the mountain barbarians. He also couldn’t move the entire Beihai navy fleet and needed to at least leave a unit, if not, Black Shark’s scouting ship may find something amiss and might launch an attack.

At Friendship Village, the cavalry unit could temporarily be moved back to the main town, but the city protection unit had to be left in the town, if not, the town would be there for the taking. Ouyang Shuo didn't have the confidence that he could deceive Dariachi that old fox. After moving the cavalry unit, Dariachi would definitely send men to investigate, if the city didn't have any protecting troops, he would not miss such an opportunity.

Qiushui Town’s city protection unit could be moved back to the main town to participate in the defence. He haven’t found any threat on the east side, he could relax as it was just for one day. On the side of the mountain barbarians, ever since the Ji Feng tribe was destroyed, peace was regained and there were no unusual situations occurring.

Counting everything except the God Machine unit, the total number was just 3000 men, only half of the attacking force. This was also after reinforcing the units after the 300 men died during the Battle of Zhuolu.

In the Battle of Zhuolu, Shanhai town lost 100 cavalry, 150 sword shield soldiers and 50 archers. It was easy to solve the problem with the cavalry, directly class changing from the backup unit.

As for sword shield soldiers and bowmen, it was very difficult, they had to choose from the mountain barbarian tribe. To train one archer who did not know the basics was impossible, hence he could only select from the hunters in the mountain barbarian tribes.

Helplessly, Ouyang Shuo could only take the advice of Ge Hongliang and directly move 200 men from the Shanlang protection unit and reinforce the dead squadrons. He then moved 200 men from the various tribes to the Shanlang protection unit. With this, he ensured the battle strength of the units and also didn’t need to worry about the Shanlang Protection unit.

The worst thing was that the Beihai Navy fleet could only battle in water regions, the cavalry weren’t suitable to defend the city, and could only act as a mobile strategic reserve force. Hence, those that could really participate in the city defence were the two infantry units and the two city defence units, a total of 2 thousand men.

Out of the 2 thousand men defending the city, there were only 700 archers, they were certainly in a disadvantage.

Based on the strength of Shanhai Town, to organise the troops was highly difficult and they were pushing it. One could see the difficulty of upgrading to a grade 1 city. In the last life, many lords didn’t dare apply even when they met the requirements, only after preparing well did they send the system application.

Under such circumstances, to expand the army in a snap was impossible.

The ratio between residents and military personnel had exceeded the 10% by a large margin and was already at 20%. If the military were to be expanded, it would have a destructive effect on the economy and finance. Most importantly, enlisting the strong and active youths was squeezing up the labor force of the territory. This would be the same as destroying the various growing industries.

Hence, when the military affairs director Ge Hongliang had suggested military expansion, Fan Zhongyan and Cui Yingyu resolutely declined.

Ouyang Shuo carried the attitude of losing now win later and rejected the suggestion.

One reason was the number of military personnel was too little. If one expanded the military, the standards would drop. Ouyang Shuo couldn’t accept the elite troops under his charge to fail him.

Second was that even if he expanded the military, the new soldiers were rookies and didn’t have any experience. Facing such a bloody battle like defending the city, it was hard to tell what kind of performance they will have.



* * *





Chapter 148




Chapter 148: TWO Chapter 148 – Turnaround

Chapter 148 – Turnaround

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

When the suggestion from the Military Affairs Department was declined, the meeting entered a dilemma.

Ouyang Shuo wanted to break the stalemate and said, "Since the military is limited, we can only work with other avenues. No matter what, we are defending the city and have the home advantage. What's most important now is to increase the preparation of city defense resources like alchemical fire oil, rolling wood, and giant stones."

Ouyang Shuo turned and looked at Tian Wenjing and said, "The Material Reserves Department needs to contact the quarry and the logging camp to ask them to put down all the work at hand and focus on batches of rolling wood and giant stones, moving them above the city walls."

Tian Wenjing nodded in acknowledgment. In truth, when Shanhai Town's city wall was completed, the Material Reserves Department had already built a warehouse beside the wall to store rolling wood and giant stones.

When General Shi heard Ouyang Shuo mention the alchemical fire oil, he asked, "Sire, do we have to set up the alchemical fire oil formation?"

3 months ago during the siege of beasts, they used the alchemical fire oil formation which hammered in their victory. Hence, it left a lasting impression on General Shi.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head. "The alchemical fire oil formation is too old school. It can be used on dumb beasts, but on raiders, we won't even have a chance to use it. The moment we use it, they will just retreat until the alchemical fire oil has been completely used before restarting the attack. They aren't as stupid as the beasts were.”

"Then what is sire's meaning?" General Shi asked in confusion.

Ouyang Shuo didn't want to keep them guessing and smiled. "If we want to use alchemical fire oil, apart from using the alchemical fire oil formation, there are more flexible methods. Among those is the alchemical fire oil cabinet."

"Alchemical fire oil cabinet?"

"That's right." Ouyang Shuo explained to everyone the theory and function of the alchemical fire oil cabinet.

The alchemical fire oil cabinet was one of the earliest flamethrower instruments in Chinese history. It used alchemical fire oil as fuel, and copper as the cabinet. It had 4 legs and 4 brass tubes. The tubes were connected to a pump that was perpendicular to them. All 4 tubes were connected to the oil cabinet where 1500 grams of oil would be injected. The front part of the pump would be a huolo which had gunpowder.

When firing, the huolo, which had fire embers, would ignite the gunpowder. Pulling and pushing the pump would compress the air in the cabinet and push out the oil through the huolo, igniting it into flames and burning everything in front of it.

Apart from that, there was another small sized variant flamethrower that could be used to defend cities and during water warfare, using a copper gourd to replace the oil cabinet for increased portability.

Fan Zhongyan, who was born during the Song Dynasty, had a deep understanding of the alchemical fire oil cabinet, saying worryingly, "Sire's idea is good, but we might not have enough time and enough gunpowder. This might not work."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, You’re right. I don't wish to make many of them. After this meeting I'll buy an alchemical fire oil cabinet making manual from the market, and make the weapon workshop rush it. They should be able to make two of them before the raiders arrive. As for the problem with gunpowder, I think Zhu Daozhang or Magnus will have an idea on how to solve it. We only need a little gunpowder to ignite it, an

d they should have some stored up."

"Sire has thought this through. I respect sire."

Solving the issue with the city protection resources, Ouyang Shuo started to discuss the problem with logistical support.

In this raider city attack, they were aiming for the main town. Their attacks would come from the west and north. Since the north had the city protecting river, Ouyang Shuo predicted for most attacks to come from the west. To the east of Shanhai Town were many houses, so they had to shift these residents temporarily into the city to ensure their safety.

Ouyang Shuo placed the Administration Department in charge of this big project.

Apart from migration, having a civil team and a medical team was also very important. Comparing the siege of beasts to this raiders city attack was like comparing a small devil to a big devil. The civil and medical teams had to be set up early and trained. They also had to go up onto the city walls to practice, so this training couldn't be carelessly done.

This large project was handed to the Material Reserves Department.

After everything was arranged, Ouyang Shuo announced the end of the meeting. As for the specific strategies, they weren't suitable for discussion in that meeting, and they needed to hold a military meeting instead.

After the meeting, Ouyang Shuo called Yingyu into his office, and told him to contact Beihai Town to ask them to sell the sea salt from the first half of the 5th month. He wanted them to use the sum of money to change class for the soldiers.

After opening the alliance channel, the 4000 gold that he had gotten from the Langshan Mines now only had 140 gold left.

Luckily after the setting up of the Auditing Division, the salt from the Northern Saltworks didn't need shipping to the main camp to sell, and could sell under the supervision of the Auditing Division from Beihai Town's market. By tomorrow afternoon, the main camp would be able to get the gold from the sale.

After sending Yingyu away, Ouyang Shuo made a trip to the Advanced Market, and spent 20 gold to buy an alchemical fire oil cabinet making manual.

He spent 20 gold to buy a batch of alchemical fire oil.

It was already 6 PM when he returned to the Lord's Manor. He passed the alchemical fire oil cabinet making manual to the clerk, asked him to get it to the weapon workshop, and told him to tell Xu Kun to study it and try to start production tomorrow.

After giving his orders, Ouyang Shuo went to the backyard and went offline to rest.

……

The next day when he went online, Ouyang Shuo was nervous and couldn't calm himself down.

This was because Bengalore Town from the India region was undergoing the test today. All players in the world were quietly paying attention to the system notifications.

At that time, the one who was most nervous wasn't Ouyang Shuo, but Jack Dawson from the American region. His Free Town was going to take the test the next day, and if Bengalore Town succeeded, then it would be a huge miss for him.

Although Ouyang Shuo was really very anxious, he suppressed it and sat in the Lord's Manor with a calm expression.

The fighting machine of Shanhai Town had been switched on and was starting to work as planned.

Numerous rolling wood and giant stones were shipped from the quarries and the logging camps into the city. With the help of the civil team, they were carried onto the city walls.

The two infantry units to the west of the city had already left their camps and entered into the city. Under the leadership of the city defense unit, they got familiar with the various functions and facilities of the wall. As for the cavalry unit and the Qiushui Town city protection unit, they would enter tomorrow to minimize the risk to the affiliate territories.

The 5 Mengchong warships from the Beihai naval fleet first unit had already came into the valley, and were temporarily docked at the Shanhai Town Harbor. The Combat Logistics Division wanted to use this time to move the arrows onto the ships.

At the same time, arrows were also moved onto the city walls.

The triple-bow acruballistas had already been fixed onto the two sides of the west gate towers. The 4 ordinary acruballistas were fixed on the north gate towers. As for the soldiers of the god machine unit, under the leadership of Wang Yuanfeng, they were starting to adjust the configurations of every crossbow.

Shanhai Town had already published a warning that everyone who entered would be checked to prevent raiders from infiltrating early. Tomorrow, when all the residents had migrated into the city, there would be a travel ban where people could only enter the city and no one could leave.

The Security Division, under the leadership of secretary Li Tie, had increased the number of patrols and started to check everything.

Until 5 PM, there were no system notifications. Ouyang Shuo couldn't resist all this nervousness, and after instructing his men, he went offline early.

After going offline, Ouyang Shuo didn't leave the room and instead switched on the handbrain, logging onto the forums.

Expectedly, the India sub-forums were very boisterous with various rumors and news spreading around.

"Bangalore Town is about to succeed, wave to the first city lord Durava."

"Bengalore Town fails the defense, dropping out of the race for first city!"

"Raiders were like water. Did Durava prepare enough!!!"

"The last wave, whether Bengalore Town can succeed depends on this!"

"Raiders are too crafty, they actually use tunnels to break the defensive line!!"

At that moment, Ouyang Shuo was able to relax. He didn't bother about all this news and started practicing the Yellow Emperor internal cultivation technique in his room.

After two days of cultivation, there were already 8 strands of internal chi in his dantian. When he went online, Ouyang Shuo confirmed that one strand of chi represented one point of internal strength.

He could cultivate once a day, rotate 4 cycles, and produce 4 strands of chi. So in normal circumstances he would need 25 days to reach the maximum of 100 for the first layer. Through this, one could see the difficulty of an emperor level cultivation technique. One should know that this was only the first layer.

2 hours later, Ouyang Shuo finally stopped.

At this time, whether Bengalore Town succeeded or not should’ve had definite news.

Ouyang Shuo went into the forums and the top post in the India sub-forum was a giant red title: ‘Bengalore Town fails, Durava's dream for first has broken’.

Ouyang Shuo sighed in relief. Shanhai Town could finally turn around everything. The only thing stopping him was Free Town, which was taking the test tomorrow.





* * *





Chapter 149




Chapter 149: TWO Chapter 149 - Defensive Region

Chapter 149 - Defensive Region



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



On the forums, the specific details of the defense were revealed by players.

Bengalore Town had also built high city walls. The difference was that theirs were built with yellow dirt as a foundation and only covered with a layer of brick, unlike Shanhai Town’s, which used stone.

The number of soldiers who participated in the defense for Bengalore Town was 2000. There were a total of 6200 raiders, 3 times the number of the defensive forces.

Unlike Shanhai Town which had only 3 city gates, Bengalore Town had the normal standard of 4. Hence, their defensive quest was harder than Shanhai Town’s. The raiders were crafty. Not only did they attack 3 sides and exclude one, they also attacked at the same time.

In the afternoon, the raiders only did a scouting attack, averaging it out on 3 sides. Durava was confused by their tactic and made use of the rest time to rearrange the defense, arranging the defensive strengths of the three sides in a very balanced manner.

When they attacked in the afternoon, the ferocity and killing intent of the raiders started to show. On the surface the number of raiders were similar to that of the morning, 2 thousand men per gate. In truth, the raiders had rearranged their troops, placing the basic raiders at the east and west directions and all their elites in one direction to focus on attacking the north gate.

With this, the north gate was in an emergency. When he found out about their plan, the three sides had already begun to engage. If he rushed to shift some men around, it would give the raiders an opportunity. Helplessly he could only grit his teeth and wish that the north gate could hold on until the other two gates could support them.

Unfortunately, after an afternoon of intense battle under the attack of the elite raiders, Bengalore Town's north gate failed to defend. Once it fell, like a chain reaction the entire town fell into a state of emergency, and not long after was overrun by the raiders.

After successfully attacking the town, they didn't engage in mass killing but just raided and stole stuff. This was planned by the system to give the lords who failed a chance to fight back and survive.

Strictly speaking, Durava's planning was acceptable, and he didn't make any major mistakes. Unfortunately, he couldn't beat their trickery, and as such faced defeat.

This failure meant that Bengalore Town needed at least half a month to regain their strength.

After two successive failures, it rang the alarm bells of all the players. No territory would apply without any preparation and just hope to pass.

Hearing that Bengalore Town had failed, Di Chen had a bad premonition that his Handan Town, which was worse defensively than Bengalore Town, didn't have a chance of succeeding. Di Chen regretted his act of defiance and show of pride. Unfortunately, when you released the bow, you couldn't collect back the arrow.

Di Chen could only lead his Handan Town and hope for the best.

After Bengalore Town failed, everyone's eyes turned to the American region's Free Town. Jack Dawson was very confident and bragged that he wouldn’t make the same mistakes and take the honor of the world's first city.

To show his confidence, he proclaimed that he would arrange professionals to live stream his defense on the forums for everyone to watch.

Ouyang Shuo smiled. That American really was confident. He respected his confidence. As a lord, one should have such pride.

nIt seemed like there would be a good show to see tomorrow. Jack being so confident must mean that he had a secret weapon. That American wasn't a stupid fool.

Ouyang Shuo remembered clearly that the honor of the first city was taken by Free Town, only that he was slightly later than this.

Probably the appearance of Shanhai Town gave Jack pressure. Knowing that the Chinese region had a battle quest, he applied to upgrade without hesitation.

Jack was sure that once the battle ended, Shanhai Town would apply for the upgrade. After failing to be the first town, he didn't want to lose the first city glory too.

……

May 19th.

Ouyang Shuo went online on time.

In the morning, the cavalry unit stationed at Friendship Town and the Qiushui Town protection unit left their camps and entered the main camp. Although there was a sudden increase of 2000 people, the advanced barracks wasn't too compact. When he made the inner city barracks, he had done so with plans for future guards before building it.

When the two units crossed the river, the 3 ferries of the towns started to get to work. The Transport Division kept all the ships in the towns in case the raiders used them to cross the river.

With this, unless they had scouted earlier and found out about the defensive condition of Shanhai Town and knew that they had a city protection river, they wouldn’t bother to bring high numbers of ships. If not, this pretty much meant that they wouldn't have a large scale attack on the east and north gates.

Since all the units were in place, Ouyang Shuo called all the generals and had a simple meeting to arrange the various defensive regions of each unit.

After the discussion, it was decided that the Shanhai Town’s city protection unit was in charge of the western region, the Qiushui Town city protection unit, apart from the cavalry squadron, would be in charge of the northern region, and the 500 reserve force would be in charge of the eastern region.

The cavalry unit and the cavalry squadron from the Qiushui Town city protection unit were to act as a mobile strike force to be at the west gate to attack at any moment.

As for the two infantry units, the first infantry unit and 2 squadrons from the 2nd unit were sent up along the western city walls to help the Shanhai Town city protection unit defend. The remaining 3 squadrons from the 2nd unit were stationed at the west gate to help the Qiushui Town city protection unit defend.

One could see that the west gate was the main defensive direction, as a total of 1800 men were stationed there. The mass killing devices, the triple-bow acruballistas and the alchemical fire oil cabinet, were placed at the west gate.

Comparatively, the north gate was weaker with only 700 men.

One reason for this was that the space outside the north gate was limited, and secondly it had the protection of the city protection river. Even if the raiders wanted to play tricks and go across the river, they would lose a lot. Hence, Ouyang Shuo was not worried at all.

Apart from that, the 1st unit from the Beihai naval fleet would leave early in the morning the next day and go towards the Friendship River. If raiders wanted to get past the water to attack, then they would have made the wrong decision, and the naval fleet would destroy them.

As for the east, the raiders wouldn't be so stupid to make such a big loop around to attack. If it were like that, the 500 reserve soldiers would be able to hold up until reinforcements arrived. The area around the east gate was also cut in half by the city protection river, so it was actually a death ground and not suitable for attacking.

The only weakness of the east gate was that enemies would attack from the sea, cross the valley, and then come onto land to fight. They might even use small sized ships to go down the city protection river and drive the boats to the east gate, using the boats as cover to shoot at the city protection squad with arrows.

These kinds of situations were impossible, as the 2nd Beihai navy fleet unit wasn't useless. They were stationed at the sea’s entrance, and if one wanted to go into the valley, they had to break through the naval fleet's defences.

At this time one could see the advantages of Ouyang Shuo choosing such a spot to set up the village. With the back facing the mountains, one didn't need to bother about defending that and it solved the problem of defending the east. A large river blocked the north and east, solving the threat from the east and largely weakening the threat from the north.

With such unique advantages, only Shanhai Town could protect their west gate with most of their troops.

At 10 AM in the morning, the residents living outside the city were assigned living quarters by the Administration Department. All the residents were temporarily housed in the residential region of the city and assigned to various houses and families. The Financial Department gave financial help and benefits to the residents that took them in.

Such an arrangement was to prevent these migrants from setting up tents, affecting the safety and order of the city and making it harder for the Security Division to do their work. Secondly, this made it easier to monitor the migrants to prevent raiders from infiltrating within.

The day before, the Administration Department had told every resident that they had the responsibility to monitor everyone in the city. Once they found something suspicious, they must report it. If they knew something and didn't report, they would be punished by the Procuratorate Division.

Ouyang Shuo made use of the power of the masses to restrict the entry of raiders.

At 3PM in the afternoon, the last batch of residents had entered the city. The Military Affairs Department ordered to lock the city gates, and people were only allowed to enter and not leave.

At 4PM in the afternoon, Beihai Town sent the earnings of the Beimu saltpans for the first half of the month.

At the latter part of the April, the prisoners from Jifeng tribe had been sent to Beimu saltpans, and it had already been expanded to 10 thousand acres. Hence in only half a month, the saltpans earned 3600, similar to the entire April's earnings.

The class change of 100 cavalry and 200 infantry cost a total of 250 gold.

Ouyang Shuo kept 2000 gold on him and gave 1350 into the Four Seas bank. Because of the territory’s expansion and the setting up of branches in the affiliate territories, the funds prepared by the Four Seas bank was too little. If it wasn't for the Financial Department putting the money that they held into the Four Seas bank, the territories probably would not have been able to hold on.

At 5PM, the weapon workshop finally had good news. After 2 days of overtime, the weapon workshop had finally made 2 alchemical fire oil cabinets. These 2 were placed at the west gate by Ouyang Shuo.



* * *





Chapter 150




Chapter 150: TWO Chapter 150 – Dawn

Chapter 150 – Dawn

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After finishing with the arrangements of Shanhai Town, Ouyang Shuo still didn't hear any world notifications. This meant that Free Town, from the American region, either failed their test or that they were still in a heated battle with the raiders.

Ouyang Shuo found General Shi and Zhao Sihu, instructing them to increase night patrols. Then he immediately went offline to understand the situation with Free Town.

After going offline, Ouyang Shuo logged onto the forums and accessed the American sub-forums.

What made him nervous was that on the forums there was no news that Free Town had failed, which meant that they were still in battle.

Dawson had actually stuck to his promise and opened a livestream on the forums. However, because of the need to keep secrets, the livestream only had words and pictures, but not video.

As expected, Gaia was amazing and actually was able to translate the livestream into many languages instantly. Although it had been a while since the federal government was set up, the two main languages, English and Chinese, were still kept.

Ouyang Shuo chose Chinese and started to understand the defensive situation of Free Town.

The post started by introducing their basic situation and gave a map of Free Town. From the map, one could see that the city walls of Free Town followed that of an old western castle.

This castle was basically a normal stronghold, but instead of having parts that stuck out, it had parts that caved in. This change would mean that no matter which direction one attacked the castle from, they would be exposed to more than one side of the castle, and the defending forces could attack them from many directions. Purely from the design of the city walls, one could see that Free Town wasn't simple.

There were 2500 troops from Free Town that participated in the defense. The invading raiders numbered 6500, 300 more than the ones that attacked Bengalore Town. From the ratio of attackers to defenders, Free Town had a slight advantage compared to Bengalore Town.

The secret weapon of Free Town was on display in this battle, a 16th-century European gun. The specific name was the trigger-firing arquebus. This gun was a musket where gunpowder was loaded in the front, and its effective range was 50-80 meters.

Compared to the rifles in later centuries, the trigger firing arquebus had a big weakness. As the soldiers had to do 6 steps while loading the gunpowder and preparing to fire, it used up a lot of time and they couldn't do any hidden attacks. The barrel was too big, the gun was too long, the range was too short, the accuracy was too bad, and when they got into the shooting stance, sometimes they would need a pole to support the weight of the gun.

Although they had such a weakness, compared to the cold weapons era, the trigger-firing arquebus was still a strong new weapon. With the castle and the gun, no wonder Dawson would have so much confidence.

Unfortunately, the raiders were strong and crafty, and in the end they still gave him a slap in the face. The system wasn't a fool, as the technological tree would also be different in each region due to the differences in history.

Jack thought that his guns were unique, but he didn't expect that the attacking raiders had actually assembled guns and equipped their cavalry with them.

Hence, the balance of the battle was now equal. The balanced powers of both sides fought hard from 8 AM to 5 PM, and still no winner had been decided.

The system had it set up so that as long as the terr

itory could defend for a full 12 hours, even if they didn't beat the raiders, they would automatically be deemed the winner.

Which meant that if Free Town survived for another 3 hours, they could successfully upgrade. Unfortunately, the raiders were still smart and had tricks up their sleeves. After 10 hours of trying and testing, they finally found the weakness of Free Town. This weakness wasn't the design of the city walls, but it was that they weren't well prepared and had a lack of manpower.

The strength of the castle was obvious. For one to utilize it, however, one must have a high number of defending forces. It was obvious that the number of troops Free Town had wasn’t enough for the castle.

It wasn't that Jack didn't know about the hole in his defenses,]. However, he held on to the hope that the raiders would not find out.

Unfortunately, their craftiness and wits were far greater than he had imagined. The leader of the raiders was very courageous, and when he found a weakness he would attack it, not giving the enemy any time to catch their breath.

Finally, before the sky turned dark, the raiders had successfully broken through the town and ended Free Town's dream to be the first city in the world.

Quitting the forums, Ouyang Shuo felt lucky but also rattled. It was lucky that Shanhai Town had the chance to get the glory of being the first city, and now the obstructions in front of him were gone.

He was rattled that such a strong defense like Free Town’s couldn't stop the raiders. Could Shanhai Town succeed tomorrow? The preparation that he thought was enough might not actually be so. Looking at the attacks on Free Town and Bengalore Town, the raiders were too crafty and wouldn't make logical moves.

After he calmed himself down, he walked out of his room and went for a run.

When he brought breakfast home, Sun Xiaoyue had just finished washing up. The Free Town battle was so intense that even the working class like Xiaoyue had heard news about it.

Sun Xiaoyue walked to the dining table, took up a youtiao, and bit into it. "I heard that Free Town from The American region failed."

Ouyang Shuo, who wasn't paying much attention, gave a nod and continued eating his bun.

"Oi, I'm talking to you, did you hear me?" Sun Xiaoyue was unhappy with Ouyang Shuo's response.

Ouyang Shuo nodded like a chick pecking at rice and said, "I'm listening, I’m listening."

"Hen! No sincerity!"

Ouyang Shuo helplessly raised his head. "Big sister, the American region has nothing to do with us, what are you worrying about? So what if they failed?"

"Aren't you a lord? If you don't even care about this, is it that your level is too low and that you’re too far away from upgrading?" Sun Xiaoyue didn't back down.

"Yup, I'm millions of miles away." Ouyang Shuo decided to give in.

"You…" Sun Xiaoyue was furious and didn't know what to say.

Luckily at this point, Bing'er had woken up. The little brat rubbed her eyes and muttered, "Bad brother, what are you two talking about? You woke me up."

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and said, "Baby, it's time to wake up. Go wash up, and after breakfast I'll bring you to school."

"En." The little brat nodded and went to the washroom.

After the quarrel, both Ouyang Shuo and Sun Xiaoyue didn't raise the topic again and ate their meals quietly.

On the way to school, Bing'Er suddenly pulled Ouyang Shuo's hand and asked, "Brother, did you fight with sister Xiaoyue?"

Ouyang Shuo was stunned. This little brat was so caring that it touched him. He rubbed her head and said lovingly, "It's okay, I was just grumbling. When I return, I will apologize to her, okay?"

"En." The little brat immediately brightened up and said, "Brother is a man. You should be more magnanimous."

Ouyang Shuo touched her forehead and laughed.

The little brat giggled and didn't reply. A feeling of warmth filled his heart, and whatever lofty goals he had couldn't be compared to her smile.

Ouyang Shuo suddenly bent down and said, "Come, I'll carry you to school."

"Ya!" Bing'Er suddenly got energetic, leapt up, and grabbed onto Ouyang Shuo's back, her cheeks showing happiness and bliss.

When Ouyang Shuo returned home, he saw Sun Xiaoyue laying on the sofa and browsing a magazine. As it was at home, she was wearing very casual clothes, a white t-shirt with a cartoon and short slim-fit pants, displaying her long white legs in front of Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo had already seen this kind of scene many times and it had become a norm. He asked casually, "You have no lesson today?"

Sun Xiaoyue was still unhappy and said lazily, "En, I only have a lesson in the afternoon."

"I’m sorry for the thing in the morning." Ouyang Shuo took the initiative to apologize.

Sun Xiaoyue was stunned and finally raise her head, her facial expression turning warm instantly. "It's okay I forgive you. You have been thinking about something, are you okay?"

Ouyang Shuo waved it off and said, "It's nothing, don't worry, I'll handle it."

Sun Xiaoyue didn't continue to ask and continued to focus on her magazine, muttering, "Machismo."

Ouyang Shuo did not care about Xiaoyue muttering, went back into his room, and started cultivating the Yellow Emperor internal cultivation technique.

In the afternoon, to express his apology, Ouyang Shuo specially made a few good dishes. Sun Xiaoyue was left with a face full of satisfaction, the anger and unhappiness from the morning was wiped away, and she went for her lessons.

At night, when Bing'Er returned home and saw that her Brother and Xiaoyue had made up, she felt delighted. When having dinner, she specially brought her bowl beside her brother and sat close to him.

Ouyang Shuo naturally saw through her intentions, this little brat was showing support for her brother.

Ouyang Shuo picked up a piece of spare ribs and placed it in Bing'Er's bowl, and laughed." Baby, eat more."

"En, thank you brother." The little brat said sweetly.

The understanding between the two was certainly the target of envy of many.

After dinner, Ouyang Shuo didn't waste any time, returned to his room, and went online.



* * *





Chapter 151




Chapter 151: TWO Chapter 151 - Raider’s City Attack (Part 1)

Chapter 151 - Raider’s City Attack (Part 1)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Gaia. First year May 20th day, Shanhai Town

When the first light of the morning shone onto Shanhai Town, the sleeping war monster had been awoken and bared its fangs at the quiet wilderness.

The first unit from the Beihai navy fleet had set out to the point where the city protection river and the Friendship river met, blocking this important river point to prevent the water bandits from making sneak attacks from the river.

The warriors from the various units under the leadership of their majors had went to their various defensive regions. They knew that a tough war was awaiting them.

In the backyard of the lord's manor, Qing'er was anxiously pacing around, a large difference from her usual calmness. "Sister, do you think brother can stop the raider's attack?"

Yingyu sat in the pavilion, picking up the tea that Siqin at just brewed and took a sip, saying calmly, "He definitely can. When has brother failed before?"

In truth, Yingyu was also equally nervous, but as the older sister, she couldn't show it.

"En, but I'm still a little nervous. That stupid brother actually banned us from going out." On the surface Qing Er was grumbling, but deep down she was touched by his actions.

This raider’s attack was much worse than the siege of beasts. If the city walls were breached, then Shanhai Town would be raided. For safety reasons, Ouyang Shuo didn't give them anything to do and let them stay safely in the manor.

Ouyang Shuo had greeted Lin Yue from the dojo and let him bring his disciples to stay in the manor temporarily and act as Guards.

At 7:30 in the morning, Feng Qiuhuang, Bai Hua, Xunlong Dianxue, Mu Lanyue and Siege Lion appeared at the Shanhai Town teleportation portal.

Ouyang Shuo was fully equipped and went to welcome them. Their visit to Shanhai Town was to spectate and watch the defence to prepare and gain experience for their own town upgrade.

The reason why the 5 of them could come together was due to Mu Lanyue.

She got the news that Shanhai Town was going to welcome the raider’s attack and nagged on the alliance channel that she wanted to join in on the fun.

After all, she was young, innocent, and cute, so she didn't put much thought into her words or whether or not it'd create problems for Ouyang Shuo. As for Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang, they would definitely not make such a request.

Ouyang Shuo admired her straightforward nature, and after little consid

eration he agreed. Since he allowed Mu Lanyue, he also allowed the others to come too.

Out of the 5, only Feng Qiuhuang had not been to Shanhai Town. Only now it was a state of emergency and there was no time to bring her around to tour.

Leaving the teleportation formation, Ouyang Shuo brought them up the city tower on the west side. General Shi and deputy general Zhao Sihu, who were in charge of the defence, had already reached there.

The lord flag of Shanhai Town was fluttering in the wind. The golden dragon glistened and shined under the sunlight. All the members of Shanhai Town were united under this flag to defend their territory.



At 8AM, from the sentry from afar, smoke rose. Everyone knew that the raiders were coming.

In Ouyang Shuo's ear sounded the system notification.

"System notification: Shanhai Town’s raider city attack test officially begins. The number of raiders attacking is a total of 6700. player Qiyue Wuyi, please get ready for battle."

Ouyang Shuo scolded in his heart, 6700 men, so higher than Free Town by 200 men. How did the system decide, was it because Shanhai Town had destroyed many raider camps so they arranged so many raiders? Such a headache.

The raider army strolled forwards and appeared on the western plains. When they were 3 kilometres away from the city, they stopped and started to set up camp.

There were a total of 3 leaders leading the 6700 raiders. The main leader was Huoda, commanding 2000 elites and 3000 normal raiders, all of which were infantry. Heiqi was another leader, who led 1000 elite raiders, all of which were cavalry. The third was Huoliu, who led 700 water bandits.

The ones that appeared to the west were Huoda and Heiqi. As for the third leader Huoliu, he led his 700 water bandits and went south to the Friendship river.

After setting up camp, Heiqi went to Huoda's tent and asked, "Big Brother, how will we fight this fight?"

Huoda was a middle aged man, approximately 35 years old. He looked very demure, nothing like the leader of the raiders. Only the brothers in the raider camp knew how brutal and fierce this guy was.

Huoda frowned. "You see for yourself that this town is not simple. Not only do they have high walls, but they even dug a city protection river."

Heiqi nodded. "That's right, I went around and found that we can only attack from the west. As for the other directions, they are really difficult. I think that the enemy must be really confident and increased his defences here. To take the town down smoothly will be very difficult."

Huoda shook his head and said. "In the art of war, a disadvantage is an advantage. Since the enemy has such an arrangement, we do not need to think and focus all our forces on their west gate. I don't believe that our 6000 brothers can't take down a stupid gate."

"Big brother is wise!"

"Additionally, give your orders that apart from assembling the siege weapons, take a portion of the men to the city protection river to start building a floating bridge." Huoda said.

Heiqi had a face filled with questions and asked. "Big brother, I thought you said to focus our forces to attack the west gate? Why are we sending men to build a floating bridge?"

Huoda laughed mysteriously. "As soldiers we need to be sly, making the fake look real and the real look fake. We do want to focus on attacking the west gate, but we can't let them see through our intentions. When they see us building the bridge, they will start to set up defenses at the north wall. With that, we can draw away a portion of their forces."

Heiqi had a face full of respect and said, "Big brother is wise. Okay, i will spread the orders."

Huoda waved him away and laughed. "Go."

Outside the tent, the raiders had started to assemble to siege weapons that they’d brought including ladders, catapults and battering rams.

If Ouyang Shuo saw all these, he would be shocked. The system is such a cheat. How could raiders have such specialised siege weapons.

Firstly, the ladder wasn't a simple wooden ladder. The ladder assembled by them had wheels and could be pushed. It had shields, a crane, hooks, etc.

The catapult was a killing weapon in a siege. The ones that the raiders assembled weren't the primitive ones that needed over 10 people to pull the string before they could toss the stone. It had its own weights such that when tossing, one only needed to pull one end, load, and then release. As the load sank, the stone would fly forwards.

The war began, but the west of Shanhai Town was still very peaceful. The bandits took their time to prepare and weren't rushing to attack.

The earliest violence happened at the Friendship river.

The third leader Huoliu had led 700 water bandits on 10 over war boats and flowed down the river. When it travelled to the intersection between the Friendship river and the city protection river, it met with the Beihai naval fleet.

The 5 Mengchong warships of the fleet used a 1-2-2 formation and defended the Friendship river, locking it completely. Pei Donglai's flagship was the farthest in front. Seeing the water bandits, he didn't hesitate and immediately ordered them to strike.

In an era when warships didn't have gunpowder and cannons, there weren't many ways of fighting. It was either the archers just shooting at one another or side battles where soldiers jumped onto each other's ships and fought.

Ever since the bow and crossbow division was set up, the bows and crossbows in the Shanhai Town army were far better than those used by the raiders. Hence, using their range advantage, before the water bandits could react, the Beihai naval fleet had attacked. A rain of arrows flew towards the water bandits' warships.

The water bandit's ships were only basic ships and didn't have high defence. They were mostly exposed and didn't have any shelter. Hence after a few rounds of arrows, the water bandits were badly damaged.

Huo Liu was also a courageous guy. Facing the attacks, instead of retreating he ventured forth, ordering the ships to speed up and close the distance to counterattack.

These water bandits were all vicious and charged forwards towards the Beihai naval fleet.

Pei Donglai had lived in the water stronghold for a long time, and many of the troops in the Beihai naval fleet were prisoners from the water stronghold. They naturally had a good understanding towards water bandits.

Facing the charging water bandits, Pei Donglai didn't panic and ordered his troops to continue shooting. When the distance was going to reach the water bandit's shooting range, he ordered the ships to speed ahead.

Af this time, the advantage of the Mengchong warships showed. Before the water bandits could react, they were already in front of them.

The strong and hard Mengchong warships smashed the water bandits’ ships into pieces. While they were in panic, Pei Donglai ordered the troops to start the side battles.

The soldiers in the Beihai naval fleet were class changed from water bandits. After training and battles, they were levels higher than the water bandits were. One Mengchong warship could carry over 100 navy soldiers, while one water bandits’ warship could only carry 60 water bandits.

Hence, in the side warfare, be it quantity or quality, Beihai naval fleet had the advantage.

The Friendship river was only 35 meters wide, and you couldn't place too many warships on it. Hence, although the bandits held the advantage in the number of ships, the number that could fight against the Beihai naval fleet at any one time wasn't too high.

In less than half an hour, the Beihai naval fleet had destroyed the 5 warships of the water bandits that were closest to the front. The water bandits at the back upon seeing that the situation wasn't good, turned around and ran for their lives.

Pei Donglai didn't order them to chase and instead ordered them to clean up the 5 warships that had been destroyed.



* * *





Chapter 152




Chapter 152: TWO Chapter 152 – Raider City Attack (Part 2)

Chapter 152 – Raider City Attack (Part 2)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Ouyang Shuo stood on the west city tower and looked towards the north sky where 3 signal bullets were shot up, heaving a sigh of relief. Based on a rule in Shanhai Town army, 3 signal bullets meant that they encountered an enemy and smoothly forced them away.

Huoda's mood wasn't as relaxed as Ouyang Shuo’s. The water bandits that escaped didn't dare to really disappear and instead sent people up to the shore to report to their main leader.

When he received the news, it was already 10 AM. At that time, all the sieging weapons were already assembled, and even the floating bridge that was meant as a hoax had been done.

At that time, to suddenly get the news that the water army had lost and that even his brother Huo Liu had been captured as a prisoner, this made him furious and kill the messenger on the spot.

Originally he wanted to coordinate with the water bandits to divert more of Shanhai Town's defences, but who would’ve thought that they were well-prepared and had a proper navy.

There was no point in waiting any longer. Huoda made the decision to launch a full-scale attack on the west gate.

Every side of Shanhai Town was 3 km long, and based on the average of every soldier taking up one meter, in theory it could have a row of 3 thousand men. 6 thousand raiders could only form two rows.

Of course wars weren't fought like that, and Huoda wouldn’t stupidly spread out his attacking forces. Facing a stone wall, the only way to breakthrough was to attack the gate.

3000 basic raiders were placed at the front to waste and use up the defensive resources of Shanhai Town, paving the way for the 2 thousand elite soldiers in the back.

As for the 1000 cavalrymen led by Heiqi, they couldn't play much of a part in attacking the city, and were sent to the wings to protect the forces.

Facing the raiders that charged forwards, the archers on top of the city walls started firing. Unfortunately, they only had 2 bowmen and 2 crossbowmen squadrons, so their numbers were too little and their killing ability too small.

One round of firing could cause at most 200 casualties. After 3 rounds, the raiders had already reached the walls and at that time, the archers amongst the elite raiders started to retaliate.

To make up for the deficit, the raiders assembled a movable arrow tower. The elite raiders stood on top of the tower and fired towards the wall. Hence, archers on both sides fired at each other to get rid of the long range threat from each side.

The 3000 raiders leading the charge obviously weren't empty-handed. The 15 assembled ladders were pushed onto the city walls. Once they were able to hook onto the wall, the raiders hiding below them could quickly climb onto the wall.

General Shi, who was in charge of the defense, upon finding out about the ladders, ordered 800 sword shield soldiers to re-organize their defensive region and arranged 50 men around every ladder. The last 50 were reserves to be prepared to assist any defensive region.

The large amounts of rolling wood and giant stones were thrown down by the soldiers. Each strike would cause many deaths, and this prevented the raiders from being able to climb up the walls.

At the same time, in the back lines of the raiders, 5 catapults were in position and had started to toss stone balls. The giant stone balls smashed into the walls, and the soldiers that were hit instantly became piles of meat paste.

Seeing the brutal scene, Mu Lanyue couldn't handle it, going into the resting room in the tower to take

a break.

Seeing the city protection soldiers at a disadvantage, the god machine unit started to show their strength. The two 3 bow 8 cow bed crossbows started to aim at the 5 catapults under Wang Fengyuan's orders. After a round of arrows, the raiders who were using the catapult were shot down.

In less than half an hour, the 5 catapults were completely controlled by the god machine unit, as no one who wasn't afraid of dying dared to use the catapults.

Seeing the god machine unit at work, the group looked in awe towards Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head. "That is the triple-bow acruballistas, and it's the strongest bed crossbow recorded in the Song Dynasty bow and crossbow making manual that I got from the auction. Don't look at me like that. Although it's powerful, it's also hard to make. Since we got the manual, we’ve only been able to make two."

Bai Hua smiled and said, "Wuyi, since Consonance Town is still a period away from upgrading, and since there's still a little time, you must sell two to me."

"Let's talk about this next time." Ouyang Shuo didn't dare to make promises.

"Wuyi, you must be fair, okay?" Feng Qiuhuang added.

"Qiuhuang, you don't need to think about it. Your town is so close to upgrading so there isn't enough time." Ouyang Shuo quickly expressed his feelings.

Only Xunlong Dianxue and Siege Lion kept quiet. Their territories were quite far away from upgrading and they didn't need to worry just yet.

Huoda, who was in the back lines, frowned as he saw his catapults being suppressed. "Who knows what they’re using that have such range?"

One raider walked out and said without confidence, "I heard there was something called a bed crossbow in the military, which was a weapon good for defense, maybe this is it?"

Huoda nodded and said, "I'm 80% sure it is. Seems like the enemy is a tough rock to crack."

"Then what should we do?"

"Send 1000 elites. We must pressure them." Huoda ordered.

"Yes!"

Although they successfully got rid of the threat from the catapults, the dangers still kept coming. Near each ladder was an average of 50 sword shield soldiers. They needed to withstand arrows, defend against enemies climbing the ladders, and also throw down rolling wood and giant stones. These two were very heavy and took a toll on one’s stamina and strength.

At that time, the enemy actually sent another 1000 elites to assist, increasing the danger.

Seeing that the raiders had decided to focus on one gate, Ouyang Shuo didn't hesitate and informed Ge Hongliang at the north gate to send 3 squadrons of sword shield soldiers to the west gate to defend.

With that, the soldiers at the north gate only numbered 400. These 400 were to face the 1000 elite raiders that hadn't showed themselves. Ouyang Shuo worried that they might attack the north gate through the floating bridge while they were fighting at the west gate.

Before the reinforcements from the north gate could arrive, the west gate was already in danger.

The combat power of the elite raiders was twice that of the basic raiders. The addition of such a big group immediately caused the defending soldiers to be endangered.

Ouyang Shuo immediately ordered the 500 civic team members to go up the walls and take over the sword shield soldier's duties to be in charge of throwing down rolling wood and giant stones.

He had no choice but to put the civic team into play. These residents hadn't had any battle experience, and to be thrown into a battle like that, whether they could complete their task was unknown.

When a normal person saw this kind of situation, shivering and being afraid was normal. Where would one get the courage to throw rolling wood and giant stones at his opponents?

Seeing that the situation was getting worse, Ouyang Shuo knew that he needed to raise morale. He grabbed onto his spear and apologized to Bai Hua and the others for leaving them and rushed to the front lines.

The Ouyang Shuo today wasn't like the total noob of yesterday.

Be it the Yang family spearmanship technique or the Yellow Emperor internal cultivation technique, both had increased his combat power. Facing the raiders, it was more often than not a one shot kill, having a bit of General Shi's splendour.

Seeing their own lord personally fight with them, be it the sword shield infantries or civic team, their morale flew through the roof. The civic team fearlessly moved rolling wood after rolling wood, giant stone after giant stone, throwing them at the raiders that were rushing up.

With the civic team splitting the burden, the sword shield soldiers could finally fight the raiders, causing them to retreat again and again. The first infantry unit in charge of the defense of the west side was thus the most elite infantry unit, able to hold the upper hand even against elite bandits.

With the difference in numbers, it definitely still looked bad for them.

At this most dangerous time, Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to order the use of his secret weapon: the alchemical fire oil cabinet. Originally he wanted to keep it to the end as a trump card to seal his victory.

The alchemical fire oil cabinet was really strong, and even the ladders, which had preparations done against fire, were still set ablaze. The huge fire instantly destroyed two ladders. Its only weakness was that it wasn’t easy to move the alchemical fire oil cabinets around.

When the soldiers from the north gate arrived, the city protection troops already had many causalities. Luckily for them the new batch of soldiers arrived, helping to stabilize this battle situation.

Seeing that they couldn’t succeed, and that it was close to noon, Huoda could only helplessly order his troops to retreat.

On the side of Shanhai Town, they made use of the time to treat the wounded. Those heavily injured were carried down the city walls and sent to the hospital. The civic team started to clean up the city defending resources and moved the new batch up to the wall in preparation for use in the afternoon.



* * *





Chapter 153




Chapter 153: TWO Chapter 153 - Raider City Attack (Part 3)

Chapter 153 - Raider City Attack (Part 3)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The Combat Logistics Division delivered hot and delicious dishes for the soldiers who were risking their lives.

At that moment, no one dared to leave the city walls, and even Ouyang Shuo didn't dare leave. He let the Sangu restaurant prepare some dishes and send them to the resting room in the city tower for Bai Hua and the others.

Using the rest time, the members of the Shanhai Alliance chat and ate at the same time. The topic of their discussions were focused on the first half of the raider’s attack that had just ended.

"I really didn't expect that the raider city attack would be so intense." Xunlong Dianxue said emotionally.

"Yeah, it's making me lose all my confidence." Feng Qiuhuang agreed, her face filled with uncertainty.

Bai Hua looked at Ouyang Shuo with concern and asked. "Wuyi, do you have confidence for the afternoon's attack?" The others looked towards him in worry.

Ouyang Shuo smiled. "It’s fine. We blocked off their attack in the morning so their morale has already been lost. As long as we don't make any mistakes, it will be no problem to block them."

"But, Shanhai Town has equally lost as many troops in the morning. And the enemy has 1000 elites and 1000 cavalry that hasn't made a move." Bai Hua wasn't as optimistic.

Based on the post battle report, out of the 6700 raiders, 200 water bandits died, 300 were captured, 1200 basic raiders died, and 300 elite raiders died. This was to say that the enemy still had half of their strength. Definitely such a big loss would affect their morale and whether or not they could give it their all in the afternoon was a huge question.

On the side of Shanhai Town, of the 500 navy soldiers in the Beihai navy fleet, 50 had died. 50 archers from the Shanhai town city defence unit had died, 200 sword shield soldiers died, and 80 out of the 500 civil team force died. Their losses were in a 1:5 ratio as compared to the raiders, which was a very good result.

"The raiders lost more than us, so let's just see how they’ll react." Ouyang Shuo said.

……

At the same time, in the raider’s big tent.

"Big Brother, the situation isn't good. What should we do the afternoon?" Heiqi asked.

Huoda was very solemn. "In the afternoon, it's time for second brother to act."

"How so?" Heiqi was a bit confused.

"In the morning I arranged men to build the floating bridge, and we had prepared two already. When we were attacking in the morning, based on the report by some of the guys that retreated, the enemy shifted a group of soldiers over from either their east gate or their north gate. Hence their defences would be weakened further, which will give us a chance. Second brother, you must immediately bring your troops to loop around the back, using the floating bridge to get across the city protection river and sneak attack their north gate. Remember, you must wait till the west gate has attacked before starting your attack. You can't be too early, or they’ll have a chance to prepare. Understood?" Huoda explained.

"Understood!" Heiqi said excitedly.

……

At 1PM, the raiders launched another attack. This time, Huoda didn't leave any reserve troops and ordered all his troops to attack, giving them enough pressure such that they are unable to care about their north gate.

Ouyang Shuo stood on the city tower and saw that their 1000 cavalry at the wing were gone, he immediately had a bad premonition.

As expected, in the skies

above the north gate, a signal bullet appeared which was the sign of a sneak attack.

"I order the troops!"

"Present!"

"Order the Beihai naval fleet to return to the city protection river to help in the Defence of the north gate."

"Yes sire!"

After the messenger left, Bai Hua said, "These raiders are so crafty and smart. Once they found out a weakness, they will stop at nothing to exploit it."

Ouyang Shuo laughed. "Originally I didn't have 100% confidence, but now I can confirm that Shanhai Town will win."

"Why so?"

"The enemy raider is in over himself and wants to use the cavalry to attack our north gate. He doesn't know that there are 400 soldiers there and also the Beihai naval fleet. Most importantly, them shifting the cavalry away will open up the 600 cavalry that we had hidden near the west gate. Originally with the 1000 cavalry there I didn't dare to attack, but now since they chose to die, I have no choice." Ouyang Shuo explained.

Bei Hua's eyes brightened and smiled. "No wonder, the enemies definitely won't expect Shanhai Town to have so many cavalry that hadn't been used."

Ouyang Shuo nodded, sending out another order. "I order general Lin Yi to prepare to go out at anytime. Wait for my signal."

"Yes sire!"

"Brother Wuyi, why not let them go now?" Mu Lanyue asked curiously. The little brat had finally gotten used to the battle environment and walked out of the resting room.

Ouyang Shuo laughed and explained. "Now the raiders have just launched an attack, and be it stamina or morale, they are at the highest condition. It isn't a good time to attack."

"Oh!"

An hour later, the battle at the west was still in a stalemate. Although the raiders added an extra 1000 elite, the city protecting troops had an extra 300 men. Added with the alchemical fire oil cabinet, both sides were equally matched.

The ambush at the north gate wasn't effective, and the west gate had entered a stalemate, so Huoda couldn't keep calm anymore. Especially as the number of injured men increased, their morale had reached the tipping point, and if nothing was done, there might be deserters. Huoda didn't dare to take it too casually and personally led the lines to raise morale.

Ouyang Shuo stood on the city tower and upon seeing their leader enter the fight, he heaved a sigh of relief. He called for the major of the God Machine Unit Wang Yuanfeng, pointing to the leader and said, "General Wang, do you see that middle aged man commanding in the middle of the battlefield?"

Wang Yuanfeng who had an amazing vision could obviously see him clearly. " I see him. That's their leader, right?"

"That's right. Now, do you have confidence to shoot him down?"

Wang Yuanfeng took a deep breath and said carefully, "He is approximately 1300 meters away from the wall, and with the range of the bed crossbow, I think I can give it a try."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "General Wang, take a gamble. Remember, it's better if you fire two together, as this is a chance we’ll only have once."

"Understood."

Wang Yuanfeng turned around and left, gathering the bed crossbowmen to zero in and aim the bed crossbows. To kill their leader, they had to fire the triple-bow acruballistas strongest arrow, which was the "1 spear 3 sword arrow". It’s range could reach up to 1500 meters. As for the frosty crow arrow that suppressed the catapults, they could fire over 10 at once to prevent the enemy from getting close to the catapults.

After aiming, the triple-bow acruballistas fired at the same time. The 1 spear 3 sword arrow was as big as a spear, and drew a perfect arc in the air and flew towards the main leader Huoda.

Ouyang Shuo stood on the city wall and looked nervously at the trajectory. Wang Yuanfeng didn't let him down and the two arrows one after another accurately found his position.

Huoda at that time was still trying to raise the troops morale. Facing the two sharp arrows, he had no way to react before they pierced him like spears, killing him instantly.

The death of Huoda caused the morale, which was just rising, to plunge to the depths. Especially the way he died was too shocking. They never expected that the enemy could shoot such a scary arrow from 1300 meters away.

Ouyang Shuo definitely wouldn't miss such an opportunity and hollered, "Send my orders!"

"Present!"

"I order the cavalry to exit the city to break through their defences and destroy the enemy."

"Yes sire!"

Below the city walls, the 600 cavalry were waiting nervously. After getting the order, Lin Yi excitedly shouted to the men behind him. "Brothers! It's our turn!"

"Kill!" The 600 cavalry screamed.

These excellent warriors were cooped up for an entire day, while even the civil team was sent. Only they had to wait for their turn. Till now, they finally got the chance they waited for, how could they not be excited?

As the city gates opened slowly, 600 cavalry dashed out of the city gates like a sharp arrow, charging into the raider army. Behind them, the city gate that was opened was quickly closed.

The news of Huoda dying had slowly spread around the raider camp. The raiders at this time had low morale, and it was like they lost the heart of their army. The attack of the Shanhai calvary destroyed the last bit of hope they had and crushed their fighting spirit.

Lin Yi had already gotten used to using this kind of assault.

Especially during the Battle of Zhuolu, from start to finish Lin Yi had witnessed the commanding prowess of Zhang Liao, learning a lot. He was also a hardworking man and during the resting times, he’d asked Zhang Liao for help and teaching. Zhang Liao wasn't a selfish person. and he had a good impression of Lin Yi. Hence, he helped him without holding anything back.

Six hundred cavalry under the leadership of Lin Yi galloped around amongst the raiders as if there were no one there. The raiders were prepared to attack the city, so their formation was obviously a sieging formation. Facing the charging of cavalry, they were unprepared, so how could they block them?

Lin Yi was also smart, leading the cavalry to focus on destroying the ladders, catapults and moving arrow towers to help the allies have the upper hand. As their sieging tools were destroyed, they were forced to retreat.

After charging around for a while, Lin Yi didn't dare to stay too long and led the troops back. The raiders were scared like birds and had no strength to stop their retreat.



* * *





Chapter 154




Chapter 154 - Surrender



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



The battle that followed totally entered the rhythm of Shanhai Town.

Out of the 3 leaders of the raiders, their main leader Huoda had died, their 2nd leader Heiqi was trapped at the north gate and their 3rd leader Huo Liu was captured. The raiders at the west gate had no one to lead them. Although they still had a little fight in them, they didn't know what to do, whether to advance or retreat.

Ouyang Shuo didn't give them much time to think. After solving the city wall’s danger, he ordered General Shi to prepare the sword shield soldiers to totally destroy the raiders.

Ouyang Shuo said goodbye to the members before walking down the city wall. As he walked down, the cavalry was resting, and the medical team did simple bandaging for those that were injured. That assault wave went as expected. As they prioritized destroying the siege weapons, however, they had lost 50 odd men.

"Sire!" Seeing Ouyang Shuo, Lin Yi bowed.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and praised him. "You've done well."

"Sire, what do we do next?" Lin Yi was concerned.

"Of course we must end it with a bang and totally destroy them. This time the infantry unit will follow you all out of the city."

Lin Yi was stunned, asking, "Sire, the raiders still have that many people? Why don’t we use the walls to continue to defend?"

Ouyang Shuo shook his head. "They are already afraid, so why would they have the courage to continue attacking. If it happens as I expected, once we launch our final attack, they won't be able to set up any defenses, and running will be their only option. We don't have any time to waste with these raiders. Don't forget that the north gate is still under attack."

"Understood."

After a short rest, Ouyang Shuo personally led his troops and brought 550 cavalrymen and 800 sword shield soldiers out of the city gates.

This time, Ouyang Shuo wasn't prepared to use any tactics like interweaving. He would face then head on. The cavalry was like a flood, and after charging into the raider forces, started a merciless slaughter. The sword shield soldiers followed behind, and under the leadership of General Shi, they were valiant and courageous.

Talking about it, the sword shield soldiers were bored from having to defend all day, now that they had a chance to attack, they could let all the pent-up anger out.

As Ouyang Shuo had expected, Shanhai Town's attack was something the raiders didn't expect. After being subjected to a large number of casualties, the raiders, who were already frightened, couldn't hold on anymore. They didn't hesitate anymore and ran for their lives.

At this time, Ouyang Shuo had other thoughts. He rose on the Qingfu horse and shouted at the raiders that were running, "Put down your weapons, and we will not kill anyone that surrenders!"

Seeing the lord use such a trick again, the soldiers followed with a tacit understanding. "Put down your weapons, and we will not kill anyone that surrenders!" The loud shouts caused their eardrums to tremble.

To speak the truth, these raiders attacking Shanhai Town didn't make any sense anymore. Since the main leader had died, surrendering wasn't a bad option. Hence, without much of a rush, the raiders threw down their weapons and surrendered.

Definitely, there were those stubborn ones who still tried to run. To those, Ouyang Shuo didn't give a chance and ordered the cavalry to attack and kill them one by one. Needless to say, a four-legged creature was obviously faster than a two-legged one, and most of those who tried to run were killed.

Seeing that running was useless, more and more raiders started to surrender, the weapons in their hands were like hot yams, and they threw them quickly onto the ground.

Ouyang Shuo didn't have time to collate all the numbers, leaving the sword shield soldiers to send the prisoners back to the barracks. Ouyang Shuo brought the cavalry back to the city, then crossed the city and went towards the west gate.

Heiqi at this moment still didn't know what had happened at the west gate, trying his best to lead the cavalry to break through. Unfortunately, this cavalry was good at assaulting and not sieging. Added with the lack of siege weapons, it was much harder.

Restricted by the width and depth of the city protection river, the Beihai naval fleet and their Mengchong warships couldn't sail into the river. Hence, only the 4 squadrons from Qiushui Town city protection unit, which included 1 sword shield squadron, 2 bowmen squadrons, and 1 crossbowmen squadron, could defend the north gate. Luckily, there were the 4 acruballistas placed by the God Machine Unit that made up for the difference in numbers.

Both sides were at a stalemate, and neither side knew how to settle it.

At that moment, Ouyang Shuo led the cavalry forces and rushed to the north gate. Ouyang Shuo ordered Lin Yi to bring the troops and wait at the gate while he went up to the city tower.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo, Zhu Hongliang and Zhang Daniu, who were in charge of defending the north gate, were astonished.

Ge Hongliang asked with uncertainty, "Sire, did the west side already win?"

Ouyang Shuo nodded and laughed. "That's right, the threat has been nullified. General Shi is sending all the prisoners back to the barracks. I was worried about your side, so I brought cavalry here to assist."

"That's great!" Ge Hongliang and Zhang Daniu said together.

"Let's go, let me have a look at the raider's cavalry." Ouyang Shuo walked beside the city tower and looked across, only to see 800 odd cavalry hiding out of the range of the bed crossbow, not daring to expose themselves.

As for this batch of cavalry, Ouyang Shuo did not want to let them go. After this huge battle, although Shanhai Town won, they had suffered heavy casualties and needed new blood. These raiders were nice replacements. After the battle, Shanhai Town would upgrade to Shanhai City and would need to expand the army. Since this was so, to get this batch of raiders under their flag was highly suitable.

Ouyang Shuo wasn't bothered about their identity as raiders. In the Shanhai Town army, a large portion of them were raiders. As long as they were paid a salary and after a period of time under military regimentation, the banditry in them would slowly be wiped out. Raiders who liked to do evil weren't many. Most just wanted to earn money, and helplessly had no choice but to become a raider.

Ouyang Shuo turned and asked Ge Hongliang, "Director Ge, based on your observations, what is the character of the leader of the raider cavalry like?"

"Sire's meaning is?" Ge Hongliang was surprised.

"You don't need to care what I think. Just say your feelings." This director liked to think too much sometimes.

He hesitated awhile before saying, "Based on my observations, he doesn't look like an evil person."

"Oh." Ouyang Shuo's eyes brightened and he asked curiously, "Why do you say so?"

Ge Hongliang organized his words and said, "From the start, the enemy directly charged for the city gates and prepared to attack. When they found that the strength of our bed crossbows was too huge, however, the leader immediately retreated and didn't continue to attack recklessly. Hence I predict that he cares about his men. Normally, such a leader wouldn't be evil and immoral."

Ouyang Shuo nodded; he couldn't disagree with that.

Ouyang Shuo thought for a while before saying to Ge Hongliang, "Since that is so, let's go talk to this leader!"

"Oh!"

Walking down the city tower, Ouyang Shuo rode the Qingfu horse and ordered the city guards to open the gates and put down the suspension bridge.

Just as Heiqi was contemplating whether to advance or retreat, he suddenly saw the gates that he couldn’t take down open from the inside. As the suspension bridge was slowly placed down, a squad of cavalry appeared at the gate.

Ouyang Shuo led the cavalry across the suspension bridge and over the city protection river untilthey were less than 1000 meters away from the raiders. He shouted to them, "I’m the lord of Shanhai Town, who is your leader? Can he come out to talk?"

Heiqi was shocked, suddenly seeing a young general riding a special horse and wearing exquisite armor. His aura was special.

Hearing his words, Heiqi additionally felt surprised, and a bad premonition rose up from deep within his heart. At this time he didn't dare be too careless and went to the front of the cavalry, shouting, "I’m the leader of the cavalry, Heiqi! I don't know what advice sire has for me?"

Ouyang Shuo nodded, as his reaction wasn't as reckless as a normal raider’s." I can't give advice on anything, but as for the situation on the west side, you aren't clear about it so I can help fill you in."

Heiqi had a bad premonition in his heart. On the surface and in outward strength, however, he didn't show it and shouted, "Hen, what will you say?"

Ouyang Shuo started to beat around the bush and said, "Your leader was killed by my bed crossbow. Not only that, but your entire western forces have already surrendered. You don't need me to say more and you should already know what that means. I don't want any more slaughtering. As long as you surrender, I promise I will accept you in the Shanhai Town army."

Ouyang Shuo's shout caused a stir in the cavalry forces.

Heiqi froze, as the worst outcome had occurred. Of course he wouldn't be scared by such simple words by the enemy, scolding, "Lies. This is only your word, how could I trust it?" Hearing Heiqi's words, the raiders became quieter and started to doubt the truth.

Ouyang Shuo gave a sinister laugh, turning around and signaling Lin Yi.

He understood and ordered his men to send Huoda's head to them.

Seeing their main leader's head, the raider cavalry believed that the troops at the west had surrendered. A feeling of despair rushed into their hearts. As for their troops, even if they wanted to run across the floating bridge, it was impossible. After all, the enemy had cavalry and wouldn't allow that to happen.

Heiqi turned around and looked at his terrified men. They had looks of fear and pain. He gritted his teeth and shouted, "We surrender."

"Good!" Ouyang Shuo was delighted.



* * *





Chapter 155




Chapter 155: TWO Chapter 155 - World’s First City

Chapter 155 - World’s First City

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The moment Heiqi surrendered, a system notification sounded out from Ouyang Shuo's ear.

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for leading Shanhai Town and successfully passing the test, officially upgrading to grade 1 city."

Just at that moment, a golden light shot up from the lord's manor into the sky and spread out wide. The glow stretched out to the new boundaries of the territory before disappearing.

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for upgrading to a grade 1 city. Town grade lord's manor automatically upgraded to city grade lord's manor. Randomly selecting 3 basic city grade buildings, player can choose one."

"System notification: random selection complete, the 3 buildings are Chenghuang Temple, teahouse, and jail, please choose!"

"I choose Chenghuang Temple!"

"System notification: The building has been automatically built. Player, please take a look!"

Following which a ring of system notifications sounded.

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for becoming the first player in the Chinese region to upgrade to a grade 1 city. Rewarded 2200 merit points!"

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for becoming the first player in the Chinese region...."

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi..."

As compared to the village and township stages, the city stage merit points rewards were double.

The moment the notification went out, the Chinese region was in an uproar. Shanhai Town's upgrade came out of the blue. For the past two days, players had just witnessed Bengalore Town and Free Town failing to upgrade. Everyone thought that all the lord players would learn their lesson and delay their upgrade applications.

Who would have thought that Shanhai Town would still go ahead and do the impossible? Most crucially it had actually succeeded. The Chinese region players felt like they had witnessed history.

Sure enough, shortly after the system notification, a world notification sounded.

"World notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for being the first player in the world to upgrade to grade 1 city, rewarded 4000 merit points, 4000 reputation points, given the title of World's First City!"

"World notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for being the first player in the world.."

"World notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi..."

A strong sense of pride and honor burned in the hearts of all the Chinese players. Many of them were excited. Some who were rash and didn't want to exit and voice their thoughts on the forums spent one gold to shout on the country channel. Anyways, one gold was affordable in the current state of the game.

"1st floor: Qiyue Wuyi has brought glory to the country, amazing!"

"2nd floor: nicely done Qiyue Wuyi!"

"3rd floor: another world first, so amazing!"

"4th floor: Qiyue Wuyi I want to give birth to a monkey with you!"

……

Ouyang Shuo obvi

ously didn't have energy to bother about the country channel, as he had many things to deal with.

After Heiqi surrendered, Ouyang Shuo ordered Lin Yi to bring the raider cavalry back to the barracks. The organization of the troops would be discussed the next day.

Following which, Ouyang Shuo called Ge Hongliang to his side, asking the Military Affairs Department to tabulate the casualty report. They had to prepare compensation for the casualties and also prepare an organization report for the military to be discussed tomorrow.

After giving his orders, Ouyang Shuo rode the Qingfu horse and hurriedly went towards the square.

Receiving the notification, Bai Hua and the others already knew about the result and didn't remain in the west city tower, returning to the square to prepare to return to their territories via the teleportation formation.

Ouyang Shuo rushed to send them off. After they sent him their congratulations, all of them left. They knew that since Shanhai City had just upgraded, there were a bunch of stuff for him to do so they shouldn't disturb him any longer. Anyways, since the alliance channel was opened, if they had anything they could discuss through the channel.

Before leaving, Feng Qiuhuang told Ouyang Shuo that she had received a pigeon letter that Di Chen's Handan Town had expectedly failed. Ouyang Shuo nodded and didn't say anything.

After sending them off, Ouyang Shuo finally had time to check out the stats after the upgrade.

【Territory】: Shanhai City (Grade 1 City)

【Lord】: Qiyue Wuyi (First Class Earl)

【Title】: The World’s First City (Increase town fame by 30%)

【Morale】: 94

【Security】: 92

【Refugee Spawn Rate】: 200 * (1 + 50%) = 300 / day

【Territory area】: 2000 square kilometers

【Territory Unique Characteristic】: +50% Refugee attraction rate, +25% Special talented people attraction rate, +50% Crop production rate, +25% Productivity of workers, +20% Experience earned by troops, +10% Chances of talented people in the territory to advance a level

【Political】: 55/100 (Affecting the administrative efficiency and morale)

【Economic】: 50/100 (Affecting the trading prosperity and tax)

【Cultural】: 52/100 (Affecting the education development and quality of residents)

【Military】: 58/100 (Affecting the military strength and stability)

【Subsidiary Village】: Beihai Town, Qiushui Town, Friendship Town

【Territory fund】: Four Seas Bank

【Territory Association】: Textile Association

【Territory Industry Properties】: Bei Mu saltpans, Langshan mine, West city ranch, Jifeng valley horse stables

【Territory Specialties】: Lianzhou three flower wine, Colored silk, White tea

【Special Building】: Lianzhou College, Beihai Bay, Sangu hotel, Qingyang Guan

【Hidden Building】: Ma Zu Temple (Sealed), Recruitment Hall, Yellow Emperor temple

Basic buildings list:

【Teahouse】: Provides tea, rest, discussion and a meeting place. Building requirements: Tea professor, Teahouse building blueprints, 4000 units of wood, 8000 units of green brick, 2000 units of stone. Building time: 7 days.

【Blusher powder shop】: Sells blusher powder. Building requirements: Merchant, Blusher powder shop building blueprints, 2000 units of wood, 4000 units of green brick, 2000 units of stone. Building time: 5 days.

【Chenghuang Temple】: Used to pray to and respect Chenghuang. Building requirements: Chenghaung temple building blueprints, 5000 units of wood, 8000 units of green brick, 4000 units of stone. Building time: 10 days.

【Earth Temple】: Temple used to respect and pray to the Earth God. Building requirements: Earth temple building blueprints, 4000 units of wood, 5000 units of green brick, 4000 units of stone. Building time: 7 days.

【Jail】: Place where criminals are locked up. Building requirements: Jail building blueprints, 4000 units of wood, 5000 units of green brick, 5000 units of stone. Building time: 7 days

As compared to the township stage, the city stage stats interface was simpler. In the basic structures, apart from the famous structures, the other structures didn't appear in the stats page.

Entering the city stage, the main focus wouldn't be on the basic buildings and instead on the local specialties and local production. These two decided the difference between territories.

Apart from that, as compared to a grade 3 township, a grade 1 city had other interesting changes.

Firstly was the speed of refugees spawning, the basic rate of 50/day in the township stage had increased to 200/day, and the upper limit of the population had increased a lot.

Based on the specialty of Shanhai Town, to reach the upper limit of the grade 1 city would at most take 1 month.

This was the distinct feature of the game. It was hard to upgrade tiers but easy to get from one grade to another.

Definitely, the reason why it was so fast had something to do with the specialty of Shanhai Town. A normal town would need 50 days to reach the upper limit, nearly twice that of Shanhai Town. The further into the game, the stronger the specialty of Shanhai Town would become.

On the side of basic buildings, a grade 1 city had 5 basic buildings, much less than a township. The basic buildings were all prepared during the township stage, so in the city stage, most of them were expanding their scales and efficiencies.

The 5 basic buildings, the teahouse, and blusher powder shop belonged to business buildings. Chenghuang temple and Earth temple belonged to cultural buildings under the charge of the Culture and Education Division. As for the jail, the procuratorate division was naturally in charge.

A grade 1 city building blueprint cost 200 gold, and other than the Chenghuang Temple that was already built, Ouyang Shuo needed to spend 800 more gold.

Apart from that, the town grade granary, Ancestral Hall, and private school needed to be upgraded to city grade. However, as the Ancestral Hall became the Yellow Emperor temple, there was no need to upgrade it, saving a huge amount of gold.

As for the remaining granary and private school, upgrading to city grade was already their max.

The granary and private school were considered grade 2 village basic buildings, and a city grade blueprint needed 500 gold each, so a total of 1000 gold.

The advanced buildings like the shipyard could be upgraded to a special level, only that it needed a grandmaster level ship builder. Shanhai City’s shipyard manager Zheng Dahai was already at the master level, but he was a long way away from the grandmaster level.



* * *





Chapter 156




Chapter 156 – Drastic Actions

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Only after checking the new stats of the territory did Ouyang Shuo have the mind to view the new Lord's Manor.

The entire manor had increased by over 3 times and could be compared to the old county government’s manor.

The upgraded Lord's Manor was still split into front and back. The difference was now each part had 3 courtyards, connected in a row to form into a grid of 6 courtyards.

Of the 3 big courtyards in the front, the one in the middle had taken over the function of the old front yard. The only difference was apart from the meeting room the lord's office, the various department's offices had all changed into the offices of the various directors.

The lord's office was still to the west of the meeting room. The office was twice the size of the old one. Not only was there a waiting room, but there was a small office for the clerk.

To the west of the meeting room, apart from the lord's office, was the Finance director’s office. East of that were 3 offices which only had the Administration director and Material Reserves director, as the last office was still empty. As for the Military Affairs director Zhu Hongliang, he still worked at the military district courtyard.

The patio in the middle of the courtyard had an additional pavilion and other facilities. It made the courtyard look additionally stylish. Between the east and west sides of the courtyard was an open-roof walkway to the two courtyards.

The courtyard to the west held the offices of the various divisions. In the main room as well as in the side rooms, there were a total of 15 offices. As for the divisions under the Administration Department, and those under the Finance Department, Material Reserves Department, and the Auditing Department, all 11 had their own offices.

As for the Procuratorate Division and the Law and Order Division, they shared an office outside.

The east courtyard was a field, and was similar to the barracks in design. The storehouse, accommodations, and canteen were all there. This would be the place for the manor guards to stay in and to be in charge of the safety of the Lord's Manor.

The 3 courtyards in the back were still the living quarters of the lord and his close ones. Ouyang Shuo took the middle one while the ones on the sides were prepared for his female dependents.

The 2 sisters were arranged to stay in the west courtyard. In the past, as they had no choice, the 2 sisters shared the same courtyard as Ouyang Shuo’s. Now that they could afford it, of course he had to give the girls their own courtyard.

As for why he didn't give each of them one courtyard, naturally Ouyang Shuo had considered other things.

Seeing that the storms were getting stronger in real life, Ouyang Shuo predicted that the migration project was going to be moved forward. Hence the east courtyard was prepared for Bing'Er.

Apart from that, at the back of the Lord's Manor, there was an additional garden. The 3 courtyards at the back was connected to the garden.

The garden was of much higher class than the design and decoration of the patio. There was a small bridge which overflowed and trees, fish, and birds, there was everything.

As time was limited, Ouyang Shuo didn't look around clearly, taking a quick glance before going to his room and going offline.

In the day when he was at home, Ouyang Shuo wasn’t in the mood to pay attention to the forums. One could imagine that the forums were bustling, but they couldn't pique his interest.

After the Battle of Zhuolu, Ouyang Shuo placed priority on the territory upgrade. Now that he’d succeeded, he was thinking about whether to start his plan.

Ever since he got the Yellow Emperor internal cultivation technique, he was feeling very impatient.

It was mentioned that if one wanted to divulge secrets about Earth Online and didn’t want to be accused of revealing national secrets, the only way was for players to deduce and guess through things in-game. Like when Ouyang Shuo asked Song Jia to purchase player territories, such an act was legal.

Now that the territory purchasing had reached near the breaking point, what was missing was that final push.

And now, Ouyang Shuo had the ability to tip it over and make everything blow up.

If he anonymously revealed on the forums that the secret manuals in the game could be practiced in real life, that would make the whole world explode.

Originally, even if players obtained authentic secret manuals, it was hard for them to learn them in reality. As the secret manuals was too low-leveled, their effects couldn't be adequately displayed. Secondly, if no players pointed them towards the right way, rarely would there be players who thought that way.

The only people who knew the truth were those that practiced ancient martial arts, and these people would definitely not reveal this secret.

Hence even in the Qingyang sword sect which Feng Qingyang had set up, its disciples learned the emperor rank secret manual, but no one would think to practice it in real life.

Of course Ouyang Shuo would expect there to be some lucky people who managed to get authentic internal force cultivation secret manuals. However, they would need to keep it a secret to protect themselves. Hence until now, no one had exposed any secret related to this.

Obtaining the Yellow Emperor internal cultivation technique was like obtaining a sharp knife to counter attack. His secret manual was obtained through legitimate means. Hence, if he announced that he found out that secret manuals could be practiced in real life, then it would be within his rights. Be it Gaia or the federal government, none of them would be able to punish him.

Ouyang didn't hesitate any longer and switched on his handbrain, going onto the forums. He didn't care about all the other useless and messy news, anonymously posting that he had unintentionally found out that secret manuals worked in real life. He said that he didn't know whether or not it was all in his mind so he wanted other players to verify.

Anyways from start to finish he just pretended to be a lucky fellow, and that he was both scared and excited and just wanted to share it with everyone.

This post was just like throwing down a mine.

Maybe it wouldn't come into effect.

But as long as players paid attention to it and followed the post to try to practice the internal strength force techniques, this news wouldn't be able to stay hidden.

If such a secret were revealed, then everything unusual about Earth Online wouldn't be things that the federal government could continue to hide. They would have no choice but to bring forward the migration project. With that, it would be destroying the greatest advantage and trump card of Di Chen.

It had to be said that this drastic action was very toxic.

As long as the migration was brought forward, then Di Chen and the others wouldn't have an advantage over Ouyang Shuo. Since they were on the same starting line, Ouyang Shuo would have nothing to fear.

The reason why Ouyang Shuo was so confident Gaia wouldn't delete his post was because of the stance of the federal government.

Based on their wishes, they didn't want to hide anything about Earth Online. The current situation was just a compromise they had to do when discussing with the various strong powers. If someone legally revealed insider news, then the federal government would take it as a good thing.

Who knew, perhaps Gaia would also help to hide the identity of the poster, lowering the risk of him being revealed to a minimum.

After posting, Ouyang Shuo logged off the forums and starting to cultivate.

The mine had been buried, and maybe in a few days it would explode. In the game, as he had the first county in the world, Ouyang Shuo had gained an absolute advantage. So one could say that everything had been prepared well by him.

Ouyang Shuo now needed to think about the next step of Shanhai County's development.

Upgrading to a county was a brand-new level. He couldn't use the same management methods as that of a township to manage a city. To say the truth, his ability to control a city was pushing it.

After all, he was an adventure mode player in the last life, and he’d never touched territory building. All the things he knew were basically things he heard in his last life.

In reality, he was just a college student that just graduated. Be it in experience or ability, he was quite limited.

If it weren't for the grind in his last life, he wouldn't have the confidence to lead Shanhai County and its people all the way.

In the current situation, the only thing he could do was to put in more hard work and to learn in the field using the advantage of his last life to accumulate an advantage in the early stages.

Apart from that, he had to be humble and cultivate a desire for learning. He has to treat people well and get more people to trust him. Thinking far ahead was his key to victory.

He had to make use of himself knowing the development direction of the game to make long term plans. Like this, even if his ability was lacking, his men could cover him and allow him to fight head to head with the others.

This was why Ouyang Shuo had focused on developing and bringing in talent. As a lord, he only commanded the big picture and steered the ship in the right direction. The rest depended on his men.

No one was born as a talented person. Only through many trials and turmoils would one succeed. Just like the Han emperor Liu Bang, his many officials and he himself grew up as peasants.



* * *





Chapter 157




Chapter 157: TWO Chapter 157 - Foreshadowing

Chapter 157 - Foreshadowing

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

At night during dinner, Ouyang Shuo started having a conversation with Sun Xiaoyue about game matters.

"Xiaoyue, last time you told me that a lot of work occupation players are gathered in Dali?"

Sun Xiaoyue looked at Ouyang Shuo and casually said, "Yeah."

"Are you interested in setting up a guild?"

"Setting up a guild? I don't think I can handle that." Sun Xiaoyue didn't have much interest in it.

"What I mean is, we can build a guild formed up of purely work occupation players. If this were the case, you could bring together all your friends. A guild can open up a guild channel so you can communicate easily." Ouyang Shuo wasn't ready to give up and tried to tempt Xiaoyue.

Sun Xiaoyue was a smart girl, and Ouyang Shuo had such an obvious intention. She wasn't dumb and understood straight away, staring at him and teasing, "Rich man, so what’s your plan?" Last time Ouyang Shuo had transferred 300 gold to her and totally scared her.

Ouyang Shuo also knew he was too rash, and embarrassment appeared on his face. Luckily after getting close, he became more thick-skinned and said, "My plan can't be explained in such a short time. Anyways, I'll provide the funds for you to set up a guild. It's a win-win isn't it?"

Sun Xiaoyue looked at Ouyang Shuo weirdly, unexpectedly not bargaining and accepting.

After dinner, Ouyang Shuo had received little aunt Lin Jing's call.

Ever since knowing Ouyang Shuo's real identity, Lin Jing naturally paid attention to everything that happened to Shanhai Town. The escapades of Shanhai Town in the battle map made Lin Jing emotional and she nearly called. After Shanhai Town upgraded to the world's first city, Lin Jing couldn't help it and called to congratulate him.

"Little Shuo, not bad!"

"Thank you, little aunt!"

"I really didn't expect that you could get such great results. Next time little aunt will have to depend on you."

Ouyang Shuo froze and laughed, "Little aunt, stop mocking me." To divert her attention, Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to change the topic and said, "Yeah little aunt. I want to work together with the Snow-War Rose Mercenary Group, are you interested?"

"Work together? What kind of work?"

"I hope the mercenary group can set up a separate branch to hire work occupation players. The prerequisite would be that the recruited players would be willing to move."

"Little Shuo do you want to hire work occupation players for your territory?"

"That's right."

"This is something that needs a lot of effort and our mercenary group will have to collect payment." Lin Jing instantly turned into the deputy leader and started to talk business.

Ouyang Shuo nodded, commended her business spirit, and laughed. "Of course I wouldn't make them work for free, you know that we have what you all need."

Lin Jing's eyes brightened and he said with uncertainty, "Equipment?"

"That's right!"

"But, wouldn't you be exposed?" Lin Jing was worried.

Ouyang Shuo felt warm inside, they were family so what they considered first was the safety of the other. Ouyang Shuo smiled mysteriously and said, "It's okay. To build such a branch, it needs a period of time. Whatever happens in the future, who knows? Anyways, you just need to know that I'll pay you. I think Xie Siyun will support you, and with both of your support, this cooperation would work."

Lin Jing looked at Ouyang Shuo and nodded. "As l

ong as you have it planned."

"Thank you, little aunt!"

"You, ah... we’re family so why are you being so courteous? Anyways it's a win-win situation, isn't it?"

"Happy cooperation!"

"Happy cooperation!"

The next day, Ouyang Shuo went online on time.

Ouyang Shuo walked out of the room and on the patio, Yingyu and Qing'er were packing up together with Siqin and Siqi. From today, both of them would move to the west courtyard.

Looking at Ouyang Shuo, Yingyu put down the luggage and walked forward, asking with concern, "Big brother, Qing'er and I are moving to the west side courtyard so the main courtyard will only have you. We should hire some more maidservants. You are already a lord of a city and can't be as casual as before. If you don't have anyone to look after you, people would laugh at you."

Ouyang Shuo froze and instantly nodded. "Yingyu, you make sense. How about this, I'll pass this job to you."

Yingyu threw Ouyang Shuo a stare and said unhappily, "Big brother is so lazy."

To hire maidservants for Ouyang Shuo, it wasn't a small issue. The maidservant of him would be the boss of the back courtyard and would have high authority which was higher than Siqi and Siqin. Hence, to handle this well wasn't a simple thing.

Of course, for Cui Yingyu who was born in a large family, this wasn't a difficult matter. Although Ouyang Shuo was so casual in saying that, in truth, he had already considered everything.

Ouyang Shuo didn't bother and asked curiously, "Yingyu, you should make a name for your courtyard."

Yingyu didn't say anything and instead, Qinger smiled gleefully and said, "Big brother, we have already thought of the name and called it Qingyu Courtyard. How is it, is it nice?"

"Qingyu Courtyard? Not bad!"

"Hehe!" Qing'er was clearly satisfied.

Ouyang Shuo didn't stay in the backyard and walked towards the front courtyard.

The front courtyard was as busy as various administrative workers were shifting their work and documents to the side courtyard on the left.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo, Fan Zhongyan and Tian Wenjing walked over and smiled. "The lord's manor has become so big!"

Ouyang Shuo nodded, and thinking about Yingyu and Qing'er naming their courtyard, he felt that the front courtyard should also have a name. He told his intentions to the two who naturally agreed.

Ouyang Shuo knew he wasn't as skilled in this area and said, "As for the naming, I'll rely on both of you."

Tian Wenjing took the lead and said, "During the Ming Dynasty, the palace had Wenhua and Wuying, two halls. Today, for our east and west side courtyards, one is for martial arts and the other is for civil servants, why not just name it Wenhua Courtyard and Wuying Courtyard?"

If it were following history, naming in such a way naturally wasn't correct. Since it was a game, the main map naturally didn't have the Wang Dynasty.

Ouyang Shuo was pleased with this name and looked at Fan Zhongyan. "What do you think about it?"

Although Fan Zhongyan felt that stealing the name was bad, it made sense and showed their ambition so he agreed.

After naming the courtyard, next would be arranging someone to carve the signboards. These matters obviously wouldn't need Ouyang Shuo to personally worry over as his subordinates would handle them.

Ouyang Shuo walked out of the manor and walked towards the barracks. What he cared about most now was the situation with the prisoners and the casualty situation with the Shanhai Town army.

The cavalry unit and the Qiushui Town city protection unit who had rushed over for reinforcement were still in the barracks and hadn't left.

Before Ouyang Shuo left yesterday, he had told Ge Hongliang that he was going to hold a meeting to discuss the problem with the military organization.

The generals gathered in the barracks meeting room.

Ouyang Shuo sat on the elevated platform, looked at Ge Hongliang on the left, and said, "Director Ge, what's the situation with the prisoners and our casualties?"

Ge Hongliang stood up, bowed, and started reporting, "Before reporting the prisoner situation, I’ll first report our casualties. The Beihai Naval fleet’s first unit lost 50 men. The cavalry unit lost 50 men. The Qiushui Town city defense unit lost 100 men including 50 cavalry and 50 sword shield soldiers. The Shanhai Town city defense unit lost 100 men including 50 archers and 50 sword shield soldiers. The 2 infantry units lost 150 men. The god machine unit lost 10. Apart from that, the peasant forces lost 100 men. In total, a total of 560 men were lost."

Ge Hongliang paused, giving time for them to digest this before continuing, "In this battle, we had a total of 3000 prisoners. Amongst which were 300 water bandits, 700 cavalry, 1000 normal raiders and 1000 elite raiders. Out of the 2000 raiders, 1000 are infantry and 1000 are archers."

After Ge Hongliang reported this, he returned back to his seat.

Ouyang Shuo continued, "What's the reorganization plan of the Military Affairs Department?"

Shi Wanshui and the other generals looked towards Ge Hongliang. This concerned all their interests so they paid a lot of attention to it. Some units lost a lot and badly needed new blood.

Ge Hongliang had become the Military Affairs Director for a long period of time, but being stared at by all the directors, he still felt a shiver down his spine. Luckily he had the support of the lord, or else he wouldn't be able to handle them.

"The Military Affairs Department plans to inject fresh blood into the units that had casualties. With the remaining prisoners, we can build a cavalry unit and 3 infantry units. As for the specifics, we need the lord to decide.”

Ge Hongliang didn't suggest any specific plans.

Ouyang Shuo frowned, he could see that Ge Hongliang was pushing away responsibility as the director he himself was lack of confidence. It seemed like in the future he had to find a historical person to take over.



* * *





Chapter 158




Chapter 158: TWO Chapter 158 - Mixed Regiment

Chapter 158 - Mixed Regiment

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Ouyang Shuo temporarily ignored his worry towards the Military Affairs Department and announced his military reorganisation plan.

"I agree with a large part of what the Military Affairs Department has said. The casualties in the various units have to be replaced. But not all members must be chosen from within the prisoners."

The reason Ouyang Shuo did that was to show that he supported the Military Affairs Department. The generals seated were no fools and definitely understood. Before choosing a suitable replacement, Ouyang Shuo had to resolutely support Ge Hongliang and act as his shield.

Ouyang Shuo first looked at Pei Donglai and said, "The 300 water bandit prisoners will be handed to the Beihai Naval Fleet. Apart from replacing the 50 soldiers, the remaining 250 can act as the reserve force for the naval fleet for the future expansion of the 3rd unit."

"Yes my lord!" Pei Donglai was surprised that the lord said outright that the Beihai Naval fleet was going to expand. As its commander, Pei Donglai was naturally delighted.

"As for the 2nd leader Huo Liu, just execute him. We have already killed his older brother and there's no way back." Ouyang Shuo ordered. The current him didn't have any psychological burden when ordering executions.

"Understood!"

Ouyang Shuo looked around and looked st Wang Yuanfeng. "The god machine unit is special so the dead 10 soldiers will be recruited from the territory. Apart from that, we must increase development of the reserve force. The future city wall will be able to fit more arcuballistas and will need many more archers."

"Yes my lord!"

Ouyang Shuo looked at Shi Wanshui next and said, "The 15 men from the infantry unit were all elite mountain barbarian warriors. These two units are the future heavy armored infantry unit. My intentions are to transfer 150 men from the Langshan protection unit. As for the soldiers there, we will recruit from the various tribes."

"Yes my lord!" Shi Wanshui didn't have any objections to the Military Affairs Department and since the lord considered everything, he had no reason to do the same.

In the end, Ouyang Shuo looked at Zhao Sihu, Zhang Daniu, and the others and said, "The, city protection unit and the cavalry unit will be reinforced with the raider prisoners."

"Yes my lord!" The three generals acknowledged.

Following which, Ouyang Shuo started to announce his plans for the remaining prisoners.

"Lin Yi!"

"Present!"

"After supplementing the cavalry unit, immediately return to Friendship Town’s north camp. The cavalry unit will be named the vanguard unit and will now be under Friendship Town."

"Thank you lord, for the name!" Although they were removed from the main camp, Lin Yi knew the responsibility which was bestowed upon him.

From their name, it wasn't hard to see that their role was to act as the knife against the nomad tribes. Their importance was obvious.

"Director Ge!"

"Present!"

The Military Affairs Department needs to make an army flag for the vanguard unit. The design will follow the lord’s flag design and change the golden dragon to a cross of the horse lance and Tang Sword."

"Roger that!"

Ouyang Shuo's orders made the other generals and leaders of the units look towards Lin Yi with envy. Apart from the god machine unit, the vanguard unit was the 2nd to be given a name and was the first to be given an army flag. This honor made everyone

mad with envy.

Lin Yi laughed on the inside, these usually calm and composed young men were emotional and he said, "All members of the vanguard unit thank my lord for the army flag, and we won't let you down!"

Ouyang Shuo nodded and continued. "Li Mingliang."

"Present!"

"I order you to form another cavalry unit out of the 600 cavalry raiders. The remaining 100 will be sent to the reserve force."

"Yes, my lord!"

"The newly built unit will move into the city’s west camp, and you will be its major."

"Thank you my lord, and I won't let you down!" Li Mingliang was very emotional.

Ouyang Shuo waved him off and continued. "The cavalry unit 2nd squadron captain Sun Tengjiao will become the 1st squadron captain. The 3rd squadron captain Liaokai will become the 2nd squadron captain. The 4th squadron captain Guoliang will become the newly built cavalry unit’s 1st squadron captain. The original calvary unit’s 5th squadron captain Suwang will become the 2nd squadron captain of the new cavalry unit."

"Yes my lord!"

Ouyang Shuo didn't have any biases, and the remaining 4 captains were equally assigned to both cavalry units. The only difference was that the vanguard unit was a heavily armored calvary unit, and the newly built one would be lightly armored.

After arranging the cavalry, Ouyang Shuo looked at Shi Wanshui once again. "General Shi, I order you to build a bowmen unit and a pikemen unit from the remaining raiders. The two infantry units and the newly built cavalry unit, bowmen unit and pikemen unit will become the first mixed regiment of Shanhai County. You will be the colonel and be in charge of the city’s west camp."

Shi Wanshui replied loudly. "Thank you my lord for your trust, I won't let you down!”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and announced the personnel appointments. "The first unit of the regiment will be the infantry first unit, and the major will be Shihu. The second unit is the second infantry unit, and the major will be Shibao. The third unit is the cavalry unit, and the major will be Li Mingliang. The fourth unit is the pikemen unit, and the major will be Zhaoyan. The last unit is the bowman unit, and the major will be Jiangkai."

"Thank you sire, for your trust!" They all replied in unison.

At this point, all the captains that had reached the basic general level had been promoted to major. Major was a bottleneck, and to become a colonel, one needed to be an intermediate general.

What was key was that for those normal soldiers who changed class to basic generals, to upgrade once more would be highly difficult. Most of them would be stuck and would never be able to break through.

Only those with immense talent, after training and stimulating their potential could be able to break through to intermediate general.

Just as all the generals thought that all the reorganisation had ended, Ouyang Shuo didn't disperse the meeting. "The upgraded Lord's Manor has a new drill courtyard known as the Wuying Courtyard. This means that it's time to build a guards army. The current guards army will be a squadron. The members won't be newly recruited and will be chosen from the various units. To become a member of the guards army, one must be an elite and must be good at archy and riding."

"Lord, don't worry, the mixed regiment will push forward our best warriors," the newly appointed colonel Shi Wanshui said.

"The five hundred men of the vanguard unit are at your disposal." Lin Yi followed.

Following which, all the other majors also said the same thing.

As for the newly built guards army, all the generals agreed with it. All the generals were personally brought up by Ouyang Shuo. Now to build a guards army, they all wanted their best soldiers to be chosen as it would be the utmost honour.

Ouyang Shuo laughed happily and said, "The selection will be done by the captain."

"Wang Feng!"

"Present!"

"You are appointed the Guards squadron captain and are in charge of the selection of members."

"Thank you lord for your trust, I won't let you down!" Wang Feng's face was really emotional.

During the military reorganisation, all the captains were promoted, and only Wang Feng didn't get a new role which made everyone feel weird. One must know that out of all the captains, he was one of the best.

As the disciple of Bajiquan master Lin Yue, Wang Feng's potential was greater than majors like Zhao Sihu and breaking through to intermediate general was sure to happen. As for advanced general, that would be up to fate.

Today, the answer was revealed.

Although Wang Feng was a captain, he had more power than a normal major.

From what the lord had described, the future Guards army would be made up of soldiers that surpassed a grade 9 elite soldier. They wouldn’t just be skilled in a single type, but would be skilled in all areas.

That was right, the future Guards squadron was a special force in Ouyang Shuo's eyes and the elite of the elite. Because of such strict demands, Ouyang Shuo decided that it would just be a squadron.

Shi Wanshui, Lin Yi and the other generals that participated in the Battle of Zhuolu expected such an arrangement. During the Battle of Zhuolu, Wang Feng followed closely beside Ouyang Shuo and had in actuality done the job of a Guards squadron captain.

If any other general took up that role, some other general would be unhappy. Only Wang Feng would make everyone happy and accept the decision.

The military always worshipped the strong, and in terms of skill, Shi Wanshui was the best. Under him would be Lin Yi, Sun Tengjiao and Wang Feng. Even the intermediate general Pei Donglai was weaker than the three of them.

Hence, Wang Feng as the guards squadron captain was highly suitable.



* * *





Chapter 159




Chapter 159: TWO Chapter 159 - Guild Token

Chapter 159 - Guild Token

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After announcing the setting up of the guards squadron, Ouyang Shuo ended the meeting.

After which, he ordered them to immediately return to their camps after replenishing their forces. Especially the vanguard unit which needed to return to the North camp.

Of the 300 Qingfu horses obtained during the Qingming Operation, 100 were lost during the Battle of Zhuolu. Of the remaining 200, Ouyang Shuo wanted to leave 150 for the Guards squadron and the other 50 to the Military Intelligence Division.

Originally, the unit that needed the Qingfu horses the most was the vanguard unit. But to confuse the Tianfeng tribe, they couldn't assign them horses that weren't obtained from them.

Hence, the vanguard unit still had a shortfall of 400 Qingfu Horses. Luckily, the Tianfeng tribe had sent someone to contact Zhou Haichen to tell them that they had intentions of trading again.

When Ouyang Shuo received the letter from Zhou Haichen, he gave power to Friendship Town to purchase Qingfu Horses and equip the vanguard unit in the shortest amount of time.

Walking out of the barracks, Ouyang Shuo made a trip to the Military Affairs Department.

In the Military Affairs Department meeting room, Ouyang Shuo gathered the 3 heads of the Military Intelligence Division.

"My lord, is there anything big going on?" Songsan had a face filled with excitement.

During the military meeting, Songsan also joined, and only the Military Intelligence Division didn't get any plans, which disappointed Song San. Today, for the lord to call them alone was a huge signal.

Unfortunately, Ouyang Shuo dealt them a blow right away and said in a low tone,"To put it bluntly, towards the recent work by the Military Intelligence Division, I'm not pleased. Your intelligence can't keep up with the enemy and it makes me disappointed."

Song San's face turned white and immediately stood up, kneeling on the ground and said with panic, "I've not done my job well, please punish me!"

Leng Qian and Lei Xun had a face full of regret and immediately knelt on the ground.

Ouyang Shuo's criticism was like lighting to the Intelligence Division. If it were spread out, all members of the division won't be able to lift their heads up.

Seeing the 3 of them blame themselves, Ouyang Shuo told them to stand. "Stand up, if others see it, what will they think?"

"Yes my lord!" Song San and the others stood up and returned to their seats, the fear on their faces didn't go away.

"I know the three of you aren't experienced and you learned everything from scratch. For you to pick up this job is also really difficult. But I have no choice as I lack talent in this area, so I can only squeeze the three of you." Ouyang Shuo was very thorough in his words.

"We are sorry for failing my lord!" Song San and the rest were touched. This young man was one of the earliest original sergeants in Shanhai Village. As he was smart, he was placed in charge of the Military Intelligence Division.

The heavens pitied him, and this Military Affairs secretary, who didn't have anything when he came to the village, was given a position.

Following which, in the Military Intelligence Division appeared Lengqian and Lei Xun, two elite spies whose fame overtook his. Luckily, Ouyang Shuo didn't lose faith in him and allowed him to remain as the secretary.

Even Leng Qian and Lei Xun could only be considered learned personnel and weren't experts.

Hence, to say the truth, for the Military Intelligence Divis

ion to get to such a level wasn't easy.

Unfortunately, Ouyang Shuo held too high a hope for this division. He was clear that intelligence was very important in a war. That was why since the village grade level he had formed up the Military Intelligence Division. He wished that the division could, through practical experience, grow and develop step by step.

Sadly, intelligence work was a very specific and professional job. The skills used weren't things that someone on the outside could understand. Hence, that was why even until now the Military Intelligence Division was so lacking.

Ouyang Shuo had a headache, and helplessly since he couldn't win by quality, he needed to win by quantity. He looked at the 3 of them and said, "I've decided to expand the division once again to 200 people. Apart from the current two teams, there will be a new special operations team. Songsan will be in charge of that. During this period of time, you guys will develop a group of elite spies. To increase the efficiency, the Transport Division will provide you with 50 Qingfu horses."

"Thank you, my lord, for your trust!" Song San took the lead and said gratefully.

Ouyang Shuo waved him off and continued. "Apart from that, I’ll give the three of you some mission. Song San will lead the special team to investigate the western region. Leng Qian will lead the first team and investigate the eastern region, including the mountain barbarian tribes. Lei Xun will lead the second team and continue investigating the north."

"Yes my lord!"

"I'll give you a month and you must give me exact details of the east and west, and create a map of the regions for the upcoming war." Ouyang Shuo turned his eyes to the territories on the side, holding bad intentions.

"Yes my lord!"

From the Military Affairs Department’s reorganization, this would use up large amounts of gold.

It would cost 1900 gold to pay the dead soldiers' families, the newly-built 3 units and 1 guards squadron, and the added Military Intelligence Division team.

With that, only 200 gold was left from the 2000 that Ouyang Shuo had left.

The last 200 didn't last for long as Ouyang Shuo used it to purchase a guild token, and sent it to Sun Xiaoyue for her to use it in Dali to build a work occupation guild.

The empty-handed Ouyang Shuo didn't even have any money to buy a grade 1 county building blueprint. He could only wait for the month to end for Langshan mining field and Northern Saltpans to hand over their profits.

……

Dali,

Sun Xiaoyue was just shopping along with her friends when suddenly a notification appeared by her ear.

"System notification: you have an anonymous package, will you accept it?"

Sun Xiaoyue instantly remembered the conversation she had with Ouyang Shuo and muttered, "Accept!"

A white line shone across, and in her storage bag, a guild token appeared.

Similar to the village creation token, guild tokens were split into copper, black iron, silver and gold. The different level guild tokens would allow a different number of players and have different guild specialties.

A copper guild token had an upper limit of 100 men and had no guild specialty. A black iron token had a limit of 1000 men and 1 specialty. Silver guild tokens had a limit of 10 thousand men and 2 specialties. A gold guild token would have a limit of 100 thousand men and 3 guild specialties.

Normally speaking, a guild with a copper token would be known as a small guild, a black iron guild as a medium-sized guild, and silver and gold guilds as large-sized guilds.

In theory, a large-sized guild would at most have 100 thousand members. But in truth, one could use many different ways to increase that upper limit.

Of course, to control a 100 thousand member guild was impossible without a strong and efficient team.

Hence, behind the top 10 guilds, there would at least be a workshop behind them. Some of them even had investments from financial institutions to have professional teams to manage the guild.

So for some solo players to use their high levels and fame to build a large-scale group, the guild would either be controlled by financial groups, or would run the risk of disbanding.

The players in the game were even more practical than in real life. They wouldn't join based on reputation and be a slave for the guild. Especially as this game affected real life, there wasn't such a chance.

The difference with the village creation token was that the guild token could be upgraded from doing quests, and the guild specialty could be selected and wasn't fixed.

For guilds like the Snow-War Rose Mercenary guild, which were in the top 10, they started off with the lowest copper grade token, and through doing quests upgraded its level. At this stage, all the guild tokens they used were all at least silver rank.

On the current market, a copper guild token cost 10 gold. The black iron grade ones needed 200 like the one Ouyang Shuo built.

As for silver rank guild tokens, only the 10 big guilds had them. The golden rank guild tokens were a real mystery and weren't something that current adventure game mode players could get.

Upgrading the guild token through guild quests was pretty easy early in the game. Like the 10 big guilds, many high-end players used less than half a year to upgrade their guild tokens from the lowest level to the silver rank.

However to upgrade it from silver to the gold rank, one needed a long and arduous journey.

Ouyang Shuo remembered that the largest guild in China, the Blood Evil Mercenary guild, had taken one and a half years to upgrade to a gold rank guild token.

Of course, apart from an additional guild specialty, for the 10 big guilds, the silver guild token was already enough. After all, they could set up branch guilds for other members.

The core members hadn't actually reached a total of 10 thousand members. The so-called core members were basically the loyal members and ones which were paid a salary.



* * *





Chapter 160




Chapter 160: TWO Chapter 160 - Fallen Moon Guild

Chapter 160 - Fallen Moon Guild

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Staying on topic, Sun Xiaoyue received Ouyang Shuo's guild token and was thinking about setting up the guild. She didn't have any heart to continue shopping.

She turned around and looked at her buddies. "Luoluo, let's set up a guild and play together."

Luoluo’s full title was "Fallen Leaf of Autumn". She was a 21 year old university student, an intermediate alchemist, and Sun Xiaoyue's best friend in the game. "Setting up a guild? How do we have enough money? The guild token is very expensive. We can't exactly buy a copper token right?"

Sun Xiaoyue took out the black iron guild token from her storage bag and raised it in the air, saying gleefully, "Look, what is this?"

"Ya, a black iron guild token."

"Thats right!"

"Xiaoyue, when did you become so rich, you took out 200 gold a few days ago and it was already scary enough, now you take out a black iron guild token. This token costs 200 gold." Luoluo looked at Sun Xiaoyue. "Say the truth Xiaoyue, do you have a sugar daddy?"

Sun Xiaoyue's face turned red and her embarrassment turned into fury. "Stupid brat, what are you saying? This was sent to me by my friend. It's not free, I actually sold my body for it."

"Ha? I thought you said you didn't have a sugar daddy, now you even sold your body?"

"You..." Sun Xiaoyue knew that this time she couldn't explain herself, and she didn't want to continue on with this topic.

"Anyways I'm going to set up a guild, so would you like to join in?"

As expected, Luoluo excitedly said, "Join, of course I’ll join. The black iron rank guild token has a specialty. And also, I want to be the deputy guild leader."

Sun Xiaoyue once again had control and said excitedly, "You want to be the deputy leader?"

"En."

"Call me older sister and I'll agree."

"Ya, but we are the same age and even the same month, so why should I call you older sister?"

"Are you going to call me that? If not, your deputy guild leader position is going to fly away."

Luoluo suddenly went right next to Xiaoyue and dragged. "Sister~ Sister~"

"Tsk, you might as well have not even called..."

"I don't care, I've already called you. Quick, let’s go register!"

Sun Xiaoyue rolled her eyes and said, "What's the rush, call Hui Tuban and the rest. We can't have only the two of us in the guild right?"

"Right right, let's send a pigeon letter and ask them to meet us us at Yamen."

……

Dali Region Yamen

Sun Xiaoyue and Luoluo reached there first, and 10 minutes later, 3 male players walked over.

Seeing the 3 males that were late, Luoluo grumbled, "Ya, you’re really guys, actually making us two girls wait for you..."

"Big miss, we rushed over from the school." The one that spoke had an average body. He looked normal and his name was Wuchi. However, as his Chinese name was pronounced the same as shameless, he was thus called that. They all studied at the imperial city architectural college but their main course was bridge design

Wuchi and Luoluo were boyfriend and girlfriend in real life. It was through Wuchi that Xiaoyue met Luoluo and became best friends.

Of the other two males, one was slightly thin and was called Hui Tuban. From his ID, one would know that he specialised in city planning.

The last guy who was slightly fatter was called Jiu Duanxian, and he w

as a map drawer.

"Ok, since everyone is here, let's give our guild a name before we register."

"We are all from the architectural college, so why not call it architectural colleague guild?" Hui Tuban said.

"That's such a terrible name. No good, no good." Luoluo disagreed.

Jiu Duanxian laughed. "Luoluo, although you don't belong to the college, you can be counted it's sister-in-law."

"Haha!" the rest laughed as Luoluo chased him around.

After fooling around, Wuchi said seriously, "I've thought of a name."

"What?"

"Tumu Castle!"

"Ha?"

"Think about it, it sounds cool and has to do with our occupations."

"Tsk~"

She turned and looked at Luoluo. "Luoluo, do you have any good ideas?"

Luoluo thought about it seriously. "Xiaoyue, why not combine our names and call it Luoyue Guild (Fallen Moon Guild), let's not care about this bunch of stupid guys."

"En." Sun Xiaoyue nodded. "I agree, what do you guys think?"

Under Luoluo's forceful eye, Wuchi had no choice but to agree.

"Yea! Three votes and majority wins!" Luoluo didn't bother about Hui Tuban and Jiu Duanxian, and ended the voting.

Hui Tuban and Jiu Duanxian. These two bros looked at one another and laughed bitterly. "Ai, so inhumane, so inhumane."

Luoluo didn't bother with them and pulled Sun Xiaoyue into Yamen.

Sun Xiaoyue passed over the guild token and received the form, filling up the basic information before handing it over once again.

In the end, after paying the 1 gold fee, the guild was formed. Such high efficiency.

After Fallen Moon Guild was formed, Sun Xiaoyue kept her promise and promoted Luoluo to deputy guild leader, appointing the other three as elders. The deputy guild leader and the elders had the ability to recruit members. As for kicking members, only the guild leader had that power.

After forming the guild, the guild channel was instantly opened, and one didn't need to pay a fee to talk.

The black iron rank guild token allowed them to choose a guild speciality. As it was going to be set as a work occupation guild, Sun Xiaoyue chose the specialty which was- Raise skill familiarity by 10%.

Every member would wear the badge of the guild. The guild badge was designed as a circular moon and on it, and a group of people sat on the moon.

The guild badge was also jewelry, and the guild specialty would be activated through the badge. If one removed it, the guild specialty would fail to work.

Walking out of the Yamen, Sun Xiaoyue looked to her partners and said, "I've told Luoluo that setting up this guild was a mission by a friend. He's a lord and hopes that we could recruit work occupation players through the guild."

"Joining the guild, does it mean joining the territory?" Hui Tuban asked.

Sun Xiaoyue shook her head. "Of course not, everyone can make their own choice."

"What's the territory of your friend called, is it great?" What Wuchi cared about was strength.

Sun Xiaoyue gave an awkward laugh. "I also don't know what his territory is called. But what I can be sure of is that it's strong. He paid for my training fees and also for this guild token."

"Sugar daddy!" Luoluo started once again.

"Go to hell!"

"Xiaoyue, what you mean is for us to help and recruit work occupation players for the territory right?" Out of the 4 of them, Jiu Duanxian was the most rational and the smartest.

"That's right. With the guild specialty of Fallen Moon Guild, it wouldn't be too hard to recruit people. Only because of there being the territory, hence we must hold a careful selection. Only those who are willing to move over and have high potential will be selected." Sun Xiaoyue explained.

Jiu Duanxian nodded. "Don't worry, we will help you!"

"Yea!"

"Lets go and recruit people!" Luoluo loved having more people around.

……

Jianye, the base of the Snow-War Rose mercenary group.

"Jing Jing, are you saying that your nephew wants to work with us?" Xie Siyun who was the War Rose in the game asked with uncertainty.

"Yes!"

"Has he told you his identity?" Xie Siyun understood Lin Jing too well and guessed the meaning right away.

Lin Jing didn't find it unexpected at all and nodded. "That's right. But I temporarily can't tell you."

The two of them had formed an understanding spanning many years, and shared everything with one another. Since Linjing wouldn't say it, Xie Siyun wouldn't ask. "How does he want to work with us?"

"The mercenary group will help him build a work occupation group, and his territory will provide equipment." Lin Jing didn't hide anything.

"Equipment?"

"That's right. Believe me, we won't lose out on this trade." Lin Jing knew that without revealing a bit more, she wouldn't be able to convince her.

"Oh?"

"I really can't say."

"Ok, as expected your nephew isn't simple and has huge ambition."

"So does that mean you agree?" Lin Jing was elated.

"You already promised him, what choice do I have?" Xie Siyun said helplessly.

"Haha, Siyun you are the best."

"Okay, since it's a cooperation, we must be sincere in doing it. You will personally be in charge of the guild. I'm actually curious about what type of equipment he can provide us that makes you so eager." War-Snow Rose Mercenary guild being able to expand to its level was because of the trust between the two.

"En." Lin Jing nodded. "I heard that the few guilds in Jianye have been gearing up. It seems like they are forming an alliance, so we must be wary."

Xie Siyun laughed. "They are staring at our best guild in Jianye Crown."

"What are your thoughts?"

"Let them do what they want. A bunch of stupid fellows, what can they do?"

"Are we really going to not care?" Lin Jing was still a little worried.

"Relax, trust me."

"Ok, as long as you have things planned out." Lin Jing had a lot of faith in Xie Siyun.



* * *





Chapter 161




Chapter 161: TWO Chapter 161 - Chenghuang Temple

Chapter 161 - Chenghuang Temple

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Ouyang Shuo returned to the lord's manor.

When he passed the clerk's office and saw Bai Nanpu who was arranging some documents, he suddenly remembered something and said, "Nanpu, about the administrative meeting this month, let's set it on the 25th. Go inform each division to prepare. Since we just upgraded, ask all of them to prepare a specific report on the next stage of their work."

"Yes, sire!" Bai Nanpu jotted it down.

"Oh ya, and also please ask Director Tian to come to my office."

"Okay." Bai Nanpu nodded, turning around and exiting the office.

Ouyang Shuo walked into the guest room and picked up the teaware, personally brewing a pot of white tea.

When Tian Wenjing entered and saw Ouyang Shuo brewing the tea, he was astonished and rushed up to help. "This kind of tough job, how can I let sire do it?"

Ouyang Shuo waved him off and invited him to sit across him, smiling. "The way of the tea is broad and profound. By occasionally doing it, one can wipe away one's annoyance." As he said it, he pushed the cup of tea in front of Tian Wenjing.

Tian Wenjing hurried and picked up the teacup, taking a few sips before putting it down.

After the greeting, Ouyang Shuo got straight to the point. "If I shift you away from the Material Reserves Department, I'm saying if, then whom out of the 3 secretaries and the deputy director do you think could become the director?"

Tian Wenjing froze, he originally thought that Ouyang Shuo had called him to discuss work and didn't expect him to drop such a bombshell, shifting him away from the Material Reserves Department for what cause?

For a moment, Tian Wenjing hesitated and didn't know how to reply.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and smiled. "You don't need to worry about anything, just give me your objective comments."

Since Ouyang Shuo had put it like that, he had no choice but to answer. Tian Wenjing calmed himself down and went into deep thought, summarizing the 4 people one by one in his head.

The Deputy Director Yuan Shaoping was promoted because of the gold mine. His professionalism was undoubted but his administrative skills were hindered by his birth, and adding with Langshan mining field being so far from the main camp, Yuan Shaoping didn't have the chance to attend the Lianzhou College. Hence, he was lacking much. Furthermore, the current Langshan mining field needed this manager and he wouldn't be able to leave at the moment.

The Resource Division Secretary Du Xiaolan was the disciple of Finance Department director Cui Yingyu. Unfortunately, as she had spent too short a time by Yingyu's side, she didn't learn everything needed. Managing the Resource Division already pushed her to her limit and wanting to take a step up was even more difficult. Not anyone could become the second Cui Yingyu.

The secretary of the Transport Division Zheng Shanpao was similarly a country bumpkin. The jobs of the Transport Division was fairly simpler. After building the Jifeng valley horse stables, most of his efforts have been placed there. He wouldn't be able to remove himself all of the sudden, and also his ability was lacking, making it hard for him to take up such an appointment.

The one Tian Wenjing admired the most was the Saltpan Division Secretary Zhang Shen Zhui.

This young man had excelled during the year-end exams and have been intelligently utilized by Ouyang Shuo. After taking over the division, he used a short time to get in on track. The Northe

rn Saltpans had undergone many expansions but no major mistakes and errors had occurred. This secretary could take much of the credit for it.

What was rare was that Shen Zhui was flexible and had a strong desire to learn. During his free time, he would improve himself at the Lianzhou college or follow beside Tian Wenjing to learn about administrative matters.

The only thing to worry about was that he was too young and lacked experience.

As compared to Fan Zhongyan, Tian Wenjing was more direct and after consideration, he said without hesitation, "Since sire asked then I'll say boldly. If I were to recommend one person to take over as the director then I feel that out of the four, Shen Zhui is the most suitable.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded, as he too also felt that Shen Zhui was suitable for the job.

After Tian Wenjing finished, he was still rattled and uneasy, and this naturally couldn't escape Ouyang Shuo's eyes. "Sir, do you have any concerns?"

"Yes, sire!" Tian Wenjing was really direct.

Ouyang Shuo picked up the teacup and took a mouthful before saying, "To speak the truth, putting you in the Material Reserves Department is wasting your ability. Only that last time we didn't have anyone to chair the department, so we used the easy way out. Now that the department has gone on the right track and had someone like Shen Zhui to take over, it's the best time for you to move on."

Tian Wenjing’s emotions quickly picked up and he asked, "Sire is saying?"

"Don't worry, during this month's administrative meeting I'll tell all of you." Ouyang Shuo didn't want to reveal it too early.

Sending away Tian Wenjing, it was already near noon. All the workers and officials that had been busy for the entire morning left the manor and went back home for their meals.

Ouyang Shuo stood up and went to the backyard. Although Yingyu and Qing'er had moved to the adjacent buildings, they still ate their means in the main courtyard. In Qing'er's words, she couldn't let big brother be too lonely.

In truth, in the entire back courtyard, only the main courtyard didn't have a kitchen. The chef was Wang Shen, whom Gu Sanniang had personally chosen before she left, an intermediate chef.

The dining table was filled with many dishes. There were chicken, duck, fish, meat, vegetables, and fruits. Nothing was lacking.

Ever since the jewelry shop opened, its business was booming. Many especially bought copper and silver jewelry. The migrants had nothing, and even if they had money or valuables, they were all stolen by raiders. Now that their lives were stable, naturally they started to buy jewelry.

Only with the profits of the jewelry shop was it enough to maintain the daily expenses of the lord's manor.

The economy of the territory after 3 months of constant stimulation had shown signs of prosperity. Based on Yingyu's reaction, the 5th month’s financial output had finally crossed 2000 gold.

Qing'er, that brat, was now a rich girl as the business of the garment workshop was booming.

As Shanhai Town upgraded to Shanhai City, the rate of migrants entering had increased again. Qing'er had already discussed with Wuni to increase the scale of the garment workshop.

The few of them were talking at the table.

"Big brother, guess what? In the morning when I spread the news that the lord's manor wanted to hire a maidservant for you, instantly there were a bunch of young girls that rushed forward. Of those that came, many were from rich families. Seems like big brother's charm is too much." Yingyu joked.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head. "Yingyu you must choose wisely. We are choosing a maidservant, not a wife, don't waste their futures."

"Big brother is really heartless. I really don't know what kind of girl is befitting of big brother."

Ouyang Shuo stared at her. "Eat your food, now you dare to even tease your big brother."

"Big brother, you're so overbearing." Qing'er spoke up for Yingyu.

Ouyang Shuo looked at Qing'er with surprise, turning around to look Yingyu. "Our little brat, why are you so quiet today, it's not your style."

Yingyu laughed. "Qing'er is worrying about the garment workshop. The garment workshop wants to expand its scale but the business district doesn't have any extra space, as it was mostly taken by the other big workshops."

No wonder she was so quiet, this girl had been thinking too much about money. He looked at her. "Silly brat, don't worry, why didn't you tell brother, I would have solved it for you."

"Big brother is so busy, I couldn’t bear to create more problems for you." Qing'er was considerate and thoughtful.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head. Recently he had not been thinking about this little sister.

"Okay, don't worry. The planning of the territory is about to appear. The second city wall will also start production. After it's built, there will be a lot of space for you to expand your workshop."

"Really?" Qing'er's eyes instantly brightened.

"When did brother ever lie to you?"

"Yay, thank you big brother."

"Ok, eat your food."

"En." Her worries were gone and she became a lot more joyous.

……

In the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo took the time to visit the Chenghuang temple.

The earliest "Chenghuang" wasn't a god but it referred to the moat outside the city. The earliest meaning of "Chenghuang" was derived from Shuiyong.

The earliest god they prayed to was the "Shuiyong God", then it slowly became the protector god of the suburbs, becoming "Chenghuang god". Chenghuang was one of the lords of the underworld and his scope was something like the magistrate. His job was to remove evil and to protect the city.

Based on historical texts, in 239 BC there was already a Chenghuang temple. During the Tang Dynasty, they prayed to him during the county festivals and only during the Song Dynasty did the custom really become common. Ever county with a magistrate would also have a Chenghuang temple.

The feudal government had listed praying to Chenghuang into the sacrificial ceremonies, mostly praying for rain, sun, and no fires. The people said that "The god that was closest to the commoners was Chenghuang."

Ever since the Ming dynasty, any county magistrate or official would pray to Chenghuang, and when it was the first day of the job, they would visit the Chenghuang temple in the morning.

Shanhai Town's Chenghuang temple was naturally built in the in the culture and education district, together with the Mazu temple and the Yellow Emperor temple, turning into a group of temples.

After the Chenghuang temple was built, the Culture and Education Division had already arranged man to maintain the Chenghuang temple.



* * *





Chapter 162




Chapter 162: TWO Chapter 162 - Difficult Question

Chapter 162 - Difficult Question

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The real world

During breakfast, Sun Xiaoyue raised the topic of building the Fallen Moon guild to Ouyang Shuo.

"You are quite fast!" Ouyang Shuo was surprised.

"Well of course!"

Talking about that, Sun Xiaoyue was a bit demoralized and said embarrassingly, "Apart from a few of my friends, those that joined yesterday didn't reach 10 people."

"How come? Did you set the requirements too high?" In the last life, Ouyang Shuo also played in a guild and made a few close brothers and sisters, building the Liangshan Mercenary group together. The leader was big brother Songpu. Who knew if there would be an appearance of Liangshan Mercenary group in this life?

As for the dispute with Songpu in the last life, the anger had disappeared after Ouyang Shuo was reborn.

However, Ouyang Shuo wasn't sure how he would feel if he saw Songpu again. He wondered whether or not he could put everything down and become friends again, or if they’d just be passersby in each other's lives.

Sun Xiaoyue shook her head and said helplessly, "When I was recruiting, I found that most players who fit the requirements had joined big guilds. The remaining were solo players who didn't want to join guilds. We can't exactly invite players that are messed up or are here just for the guild buffs."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "You're right, quality over quantity."

"However, now that we can't get people, what should we do?" Sun Xiaoyue wasn a proud person and didn't want to accept defeat.

Ouyang Shuo drank a mouthful of her soybean drink and said, "Don't worry. Those solo players that don't want to join guilds just don't want to be bounded by the guild. They are actually the people with the most potential and whom we are looking out for. We must first make them trust us and show that that our guild is a place for work occupation players. We won't have any restrictions on them and won't need them to complete any quests. Anyways, we also won't plan on upgrading the guild."

Sun Xiaoyue's eyes brightened and she smiled. "You're right, this is worth a shot. However, we might end up with nothing in the end."

Ouyang Shuo laughed confidently. "Don't worry, as long as they join, they won't be able to escape me."

Sun Xiaoyue lips twitched. "T

ansk, you're bragging again. If you mess it up, you’re going to cry."

Ouyang Shuo didn't pay attention to her nagging and looked at Bing'er. "Baby have you finished eating? Brother will send you to school."

Bing'er was fighting with the omelette and upon hearing Ouyang Shuo rush her, she gobbled down the remaining piece. It was only that she couldn't speak now.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head. "Relax, eat slowly."

The little brat struggled to chew, finally swallowing the egg into her tummy. She took the tissue that Ouyang Shuo passed over and wiped her little mouth elegantly, giggling. "Yes brother, I’m full. Let's go!" She carried her little bag that was placed on sofa and led the way to the door.

On the way to school, Bing'er looked up at Ouyang Shuo and frowned. "Brother, Sister Xiaoyue and you have been talking about games. Bing'er doesn't understand."

Ouyang Shuo patted her head and said, “That's because it's an adult game, so it's okay if you don't understand."

"Oh. Bing’er feels that playing catching with Xue'er is more fun."

Talking about that, Ouyang Shuo got a headache. "It's all because of you. Xue'er became mischievous and hid my socks..."

"Hehe!" The little brat laughed like a little fox. Actually, she had asked Xue'er to do that.

"You cannot be like this in school."

Bing'er was unhappy and muttered, "I'm so well behaved in school. Even the teachers praise me."

"That's good." Ouyang Shuo looked up. They had already reached the school gate. "We're here, go in yourself. While coming home, stay safe on the road!"

"En, bye bye brother!" Bing'er waved goodbye to Ouyang Shuo before hopping to school.

When he went back home, Ouyang Shuo started to cultivate.

Ever since learning the Yellow Emperor internal cultivation technique, he had not been practicing bajiquan in reality. As for the Yang family spear technique, he didn't even meet the cultivation requirements. Luckily, internal cultivation was the core.

When he finished, it was already close to noon.

After taking a break, he opened his handbrain and went onto the forums. He found his anonymous post to see if anyone replied.

As expected, there were people that had noticed the post. However, everyone thought that he was bluffing on purpose, and wrote it to attract attention. Those impolite ones even said that he was retarded and couldn't differentiate between reality and the virtual world.

Ouyang Shuo laughed humorously. It seemed like the number of people that learned authentic secret techniques in the game was so small that none had seen his post.

In the forums, a post like this which was done anonymously was easily forgotten and drowned out. Ouyang Shuo couldn't bump it up too vigorously, or else his intentions would be very obvious.

However, Ouyang Shuo wasn't worried. As long as one or two people who cultivated in authentic secret techniques saw this post, it wouldl gain traction.

On the forums, the news about Shanhai City was still the hot topic. Apart from that, Handan Town failing was also being discussed, and poor Di Chen was getting destroyed.

Shanhai City's upgrade had motivated all the other lords. Following the failures of Sanli Town, Bengalore Town, and Free Town, many players were scared . At least now players knew that the upgrade quest could be completed, and that it wasn't a death quest.

One could predict that the next wave of upgrade applications would soon come.

Other than that, the process of the Shanhai Town’s upgrade piqued much curiosity. In the past, be it Sanli Town, Free Town or Bengalore Town, they were all very high-key and didn't lock down any information. As for Free Town, the lord had even done a live stream of the whole process.

Only Shanhai Town kept it low-key, and apart from the Shanhai Alliance, no one knew. The same went for the specific battle process.

Everyone was very curious how Shanhai Town had completed such a high difficulty quest. Unfortunately, this was going to be a mystery, and the originally Shanhai Town which was getting clearer had again worn a newly mysterious veil.

Getting off the forums, Ouyang Shuo started searching for historical information, especially regarding the next battle. In the last life, he didn't participate and as such didn't have such an advantage. Now he could only find some opportunity from the books and stories.

At night when Sun Xiaoyue came back from school, she brought back with her new news.

"Do you remember my two ex-roommates?"

"Are you talking about Qinruo and Pan QiaoQiao?"

"Ya, you remember so clearly. Do you have intentions towards them?"

"What, please don't randomly say things." Towards a girl's thoughts, Ouyang Shuo couldn't understand.

"What I wanted to say was today in school we talked and talked and suddenly talked about Earth Online."

"This game had attracted a wave of discussion. I didn't hide that I'd started playing. Now both of them are excited to join, and they want to see what kind of magic it has."

"Well if they want to play, then go ahead!" Ouyang Shuo didn't care.

Sun Xiaoyue froze, having a feeling of landing a punch only in thin air. "What, people are trying to help you, and you don't care?"

"What help?"

"Think about this. If they join, their boyfriends would join too. Pulling them all into the guild, our powers will increase by a lot."

Ouyang Shuo laughed bitterly and said, "You're thinking of it too ideally. Firstly, they might not play work occupations. Secondly, even if they did, they’re rookies, what use would they be? Even if they were talented, they’re only 4 people. So the focus must still be on what I said this morning."

"Oh." Hearing Ouyang Shuo's explanation, she got demoralized again.

Science guys had such low eq, and always analyzed things from a rational perspective, refusing to think about the warmth and communication that exists and is necessary.

Ouyang Shuo didn't want to see her give up and consoled her. "Don't be demoralized. Your hard work for the guild is worth praise. And no matter what, them joining will make your journey more fun."

"En." Being consoled by Ouyang Shuo, she felt much better. It was just that she wasn't as excited and happy as before.

At this time, Bing'er suddenly jumped out and said, "Big Brother is stupid."

Xue'er, who was flying in mid-air also joined in and shouted, "Stupid stupid."

Ouyang Shuo was speechless. "Who did I make angry this time?"

Sun Xiaoyue, seeing such a scene, burst into laughter.



* * *





Chapter 163




Chapter 163: TWO Chapter 163 - City Planning

Chapter 163 - City Planning

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After dinner, Ouyang Shuo went back into his room and logged into the game.

In the game, he walked out of the room and looked at the cold courtyard. He was still not used to it. Usually at this time, Yingyu and Qing'er would have woken up and started to wash up along the corridor of the courtyard.

Now, it was such a big courtyard, but apart from the maidservants, there was only Ouyang Shuo.

Tossing away the emotions in his head, Ouyang Shuo picked up the spear and started to practice the Yang Family spearmanship technique. After this period of training, his Yang Family spearmanship technique could be said to have grasped a bit of its essence.

At 10 AM, Ouyang Shuo punctually appeared at his office.

Ouyang Shuo took up the blueprint on the table and started to examine it. This was the arrangement plan of Shanhai City, which the Construction Division had delivered yesterday. The chief designer was the Vice Secretary Hao Jiancheng.

Based on the plans by the Construction Division, the second city wall was 6 kilometers Long, 12 meters high, and 6 meters wide.

The only difference was that the second wall only had 3 sides, which was to say the second city wall didn't have a southern wall, building the eastern and western walls deep into the mountains and becoming one with the mountain range. To put it another way, the 4th wall was the mountain range itself.

As it had only 3 sides, although it was higher than the first wall, based on the work done, the second wall took twice as long to complete. Based on the population of Shanhai City, the Construction Division had the confidence to finish the second wall within a month.

After the second wall was done, it would take up 36 square kilometers, 4 times larger than the old city and it was similar to 3 Shanhai Towns.

At the same time, the city protection river had become an inner-city river, providing water for the residents.

During the Shanhai Town period, the drinking water of the residents was obtained from digging wells. In the future, not only drinking water but water used for daily uses and workshops could be collected from the inner city river, making it very convenient.

The second part of the Shanhai City planning was the reorganization of the city area.

Based on the organization by the Construction Division, Shanhai City would be split into 4 parts. The region inside the first wall would be called the core region. Using the northern part of the first wall as a divider, this would be called the northern region, and it would be the largest region, twice the size of Shanhai Town.

The eastern and western sides would be the eastern and western regions respectively. These two regions were small and took up half the space of Shanhai Town.

The core area of the city was split into north and south. The southern area was the brain of the whole territory and was similar to the old imperial palace. Based on the plan, the southern part was split into left, right, and middle.

The middle was obviously the upgraded lord's manor and the garden. The left was the government offices. The bureaucrats of the departments would be concentrated in this area.

The right was now the culture and education area. The Yellow Emperor Temple, Mazu Temple, Chenghuang Temple, Recruitment Hall, the private school and Lianzhou College were all located in this area. As the Mazu temple and the Chenghuang temple were places where residents always visited, they would be moved to the northern region instead.

/p

At the same time, the private school was also moved out of the core region. As for the Recruitment Hall and Lianzhou College, they were moved to the northern side of the core region. This meant that the southern region's right side only had one building which was the Yellow Emperor Temple. The lord could only pray at the Ancestral Temple.

The northern core region was also split into left and right. The left was where the institution region was where the Recruitment Hall and Lianzhou College were placed. In the future, any institutions would be built here. As for the advanced market that was initially here, it would be moved to the western region and be next to the teleportation formation.

The right of the northern core region was the military district. Based on the plan, it would have the Military Affairs Department and barracks. As for the armory division workshop, bow and crossbow division workshop, the weapons workshop, and alchemy workshop, they were all shifted to the eastern region.

As military production increased, the military district couldn't handle all these workshops. Hence, moving them to the eastern region was for the best.

As for the western region, it was the residence area for the officials. They would be close to the government offices in the core area to make it convenient for going to and coming back from work. The future residential area for officials was going to become a district for the rich and powerful.

Lastly the biggest region: the northern region. It was split into east and west, each region being the size of Shanhai Town. The business street that was initially on the center line from the core area was moved to the middle of the northern region, and its size increased by 100%.

The western half was the residential area. Apart from that, the two temples and the private school would also be moved here. Considering that this region would be where dangers and things would occur, the Law and Order Division and the Procuratorate Division offices were planned here to maintain law and order.

The future residential area was going to become a middle class or wealthy merchant living area, as many of them held power in the shops or workshops. They were the first batch of residents, and as the territory prospered, so did they. Those that came later, it was hard to amass more money than them.

The eastern side was the business region. The big handicraft workshops would all be moved here. Based on the near management personnel, the Four Seas bank, Business Division, and Tax Division were all moved here. The planned business region was 4 times the size of the old one, enough for the workshops to expand their production.

After looking at the plans, Ouyang Shuo was amazed. Jiancheng, that young man not only understood what he wanted, but made it more specific and better.

Based on the organization, the territory would not need any new rearrangements in the near future. As long as they followed the arrangement plan and added buildings to their respective regions, everything would be settled.

Just as Ouyang Shuo was praising the Construction Division, the clerk Bai Nanpu walked in and said, "Sire, Secretary Xu is looking for you."

"Let him in."

"Yes, sire!"

Xu Shuda didn't enter Ouyang Shuo's office often. This Culture and Education Secretary was a scholar and managed the Lianzhou College well. Hence, Ouyang Shuo rarely interfered in his work.

"Sire." Upon entering, he bowed to Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo smiled. "Shuda, sit!"

"Sire I have a request, please approve it." Xu Shuda said straight away.

"Please speak!"

"I request to remove the chairs from the meeting room." Xu Shuda was very serious. Apparently, this was very important to him.

Ouyang Shuo was stunned and surprised. "Why?"

"As the territory’s trade and your rank increases, you need to maintain your honor and dignity. If we all sat on chairs for the meeting, it doesn't fit our difference in power and goes against culture."

Ouyang Shuo frowned. "Shuda, your meaning is to ask everyone to stand?"

Shuda shook his head. "If you don't want us to stand and be too tired, you can follow the olden style and have some short seats, so we all sit on the floor."

Ouyang Shuo understood.

Respect was treated importantly in olden society. It was the base of governance and was needed for one to build up his rule.

Their importance in manners and respect was shone in the way they acted. Everyone had to act in a way that was suitable for their rank and status.

To not easily break that respect, they wanted the rulers to follow the olden rules. To lead the country as Yao Shunyu did, everything from ruling to the small things like changing and eating all had their rules. The modern day education system developed from such rules and customs.

As a player territory, one couldn't follow those rules to the letter. Not even talking about the others, just talking about Yingyu, if one followed the old rules, she wouldn't even be allowed to lead.

The system in Shanhai City was designed by Ouyang Shuo alone, and made use of modern knowledge entirely different from that of the old times.

However, he had to admit that respect was crucial in ruling and had a considerable effect. The key was how to choose which parts of the old customs and rules were applicable and useful.

Shanhai City didn't have a fixed organization to monitor and guide the actions and etiquette of people at different levels.

At this time for Xu Shuda to step up and correct the poor etiquette, and also to change that flexibly based on Ouyang Shuo's values made him very happy.

He smiled and looked at Xu Shuda. "Shuda, your suggestion is excellent, I'll approve it. As for the layout of the meeting room I'll let the Culture and Education Division be in charge, and I'll ask the Material Reserves Division to work with you."

"Yes, sire!" Shuda was delighted. To meet such a lord who was willing to be corrected was indeed a blessing.



* * *





Chapter 164




Chapter 164

Chapter 164 - Internal Affairs Department



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



In the afternoon, Shen Zhui walked into the lord's office.

Until he sat down, he still wasn't sure why Ouyang Shuo had called him.

The last conversation between Ouyang Shuo and Tian Wenjing was naturally kept confidential. Apart from those two, there wasn't a third person that knew. Tian Wenjing wasn't a big-mouthed person, and before Ouyang Shuo revealed it, he wouldn't tell others about it.

Ouyang Shuo smiled as he pushed the teacup towards Shen Zhui. "Relax, it’s good news." Although Shen Zhui was chosen and developed by Ouyang Shuo, this was the first time both of them had a conversation. Naturally, he felt nervous.

Shen Zhui heaved a sigh of relief and calmed down.

"I've noticed your performances in the Saltpan Division, and you’ve been doing well. Now I have a more important task for you. Are you willing to leave the division?" Ouyang Shuo didn't hold back the compliments.

He was shocked. Now that he was already a secretary, what was a more important role? He didn't dare to think about it and said carefully, "I'll follow what sire says."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "If I let you become the new director of the Material Reserves Department, do you have confidence?"

Even someone as calm as Shen Zhui, upon hearing such news, couldn't keep his emotions in check.

To be able to be commended by Tian Wenjing, Shen Zhui was obviously special. But this news was too shocking. However, he quickly collected his emotions and said, "To be honest,I don't dare to think about this question. Compared to the four directors, in terms of skill or experience, I'm still lacking."

"You don't dare?"

Shen Zhui gritted his teeth. He knew that if he rejected this, then he might not have another shot at such a once in a lifetime opportunity. Although the temptation was great, he decided to be rational.

Think about it, the 4 directors of Shanhai City, none of them were simple and ordinary.

Director Fan and Director Zhang were famous people in history. Becoming directors was wasting their talents. Naturally, one wouldn't talk about not being able to live up to certain expectations.

Director Cui was the godsister of the lord, and was born into a business family. She had vast experience and had been in this territory since the beginning.

Director Ge was the one out of the 4 with the least experience. Even so, he could bring along a huge camp of refugees and survive in the wilderness, which spoke volumes of his ability.

He also had vast experience in the military. Even so, there were negative rumours about director Ge spreading, and if it wasn't for the support of Ouyang Shuo, he wouldn't have been able to hold his position.

Every director was a monster in leadership, and they weren't people a normal person could beat.

Shen Zhui knew that he was a scholar, and had only a few years of private schooling to learn a few things. His formal education was done in Lianzhou College. In the territory, not mentioning the talents, there were more than 5 scholars and people who passed the imperial exams.

As for experience, he had one of the least out of the few secretaries. Out of the 3 secretaries in the Material Reserves Department, he had the least experience.

The only thing that he had was his spirit and his desire to learn. However, such qualities couldn't add to his competitiveness, as after all, everyone looked at results.

Hence, Shen Zhui didn't have the confidence or the skill to take over such a heavy responsibility.

He gritted his teeth and said solemnly, "Yes sire, I don'

t dare."

He didn't expect that not only would Ouyang Shuo not be angry, but also laugh happily. "Not bad, really not bad."

Shen Zhui was confused and asked, "Sire?"

"You know why I praised you?"

"Please solve my ignorance, sire!" Shen Zhui said respectfully.

"Promoting you to director was a dangerous decision. Your concern is also my concern. If you accepted straight away, then I would have to think whether putting you at such a position was the right choice. If a person could know everything about himself and block temptation, he deserves to be given a chance. Long ago in the military, I made it clear that we would develop talent and wouldn't look at experience. Here, we will use the same theory."

"I have to admit that the time may not be right to promote you, but we have no choice now that director Tian has a more important job. The Material Reserves Department needs someone to take over, and from his recommendation, you are the best fit. During the administrative meeting on the 25th, I’ll announce your promotion. Primarily, however, I was still worried. I wanted to talk to you and also test you."

"The results showed that our decision was right and that you are a talent. You don't need to worry, pressure is a good thing. You need to turn that into motivation. I want to prove to the world that our Shanhai City has the ability to groom directors. Don't worry and do your best. If anything happens, I'll back you up. Remember, I'm your final shield."

Ouyang Shuo's words were exactly what he wanted to hear. Even if he faced a sea of fire, he would jump without hesitation if Ouyang Shuo ordered him to.

Shen Zhui stood up and kneeled on the ground, bowing to Ouyang Shuo.

His eyes were filled with tears and he said emotionally, "Don't worry sire, I won't let you down." He had decided to do his job well and take the pressure.

Ouyang Shuo stood up and helped him up, patting his shoulder. "You're a man, why are you crying? Do well, show me some results."

Shen Zhui tried his best not to cry and shouted, "Yes sire!"

……

5th month, 25th day, Shanhai City meeting hall.

The 5th month’s administrative meeting had started, and apart from the directors and secretaries, there were the head of the affiliate villages.

Under the charge of the Culture and Education Division, the meeting hall had totally changed.

In the meeting hall, a stage was set up and had split the hall into 2 regions. The higher region had a red mat, and on it was a wooden table which was half a meter tall. The middle was flat and the sides curved up. On it were a paper ink and a pen.

Behind the table was a chair. It had an oval back and on the sides where it extended was the arm rest, a very simple design.

At the bottom of the meeting hall, there were 3 short tables on each side. On them were tea and fruits. Behind them were similar floor mats, just that there wasn't a chair.

The 4 directors were seated at the 2 sides and knelt behind the chairs. Behind them were the secretaries. The last 2 tables were currently empty. Beside the left table sat the 3 heads of the affliate villages. On the right were the secretaries of the Auditing Division, Law and Order Division, and the Procuratorate Division.

Ouyang Shuo sat on the chair, his body straight, and looked down before saying, "Before we officially begin, I'll announce some personnel changes."

The various directors and secretary were all unfazed as they had expected that the lord would make changes.

"I've decided to set up an Internal Affairs Department to be in charge of the law and order, jails, auditing, and population control. The Auditing Division, Procuratorate Division and the Law and Order Division will all be under this new department. Apart from that, the Household Registration Division will also be moved under this new department."

Ouyang Shuo had dropped a 1000-pound bomb which exceeded all of their expectations. The Internal Affairs Department was in charge of all the important divisions, and its importance could be compared to that of the Administration Department. Especially after moving the Household Registration Division over, now all 4 departments could be said to be equally important.

The setting up of the Internal Affairs Department was done with modern society as an guide, combining with the current situation with Shanhai City. Their role mainly had to deal with law and order.

The only exception was the Auditing Division.

How to maximize their ability had always been the problem Ouyang Shuo had been thinking about.

If he made them directly into a department, it might be too thin and not important enough. If he let them work independently, however, they’d lack authority, which wouldn't help their work. After much consideration, Ouyang Shuo decided on this strategy.

When he announced the setting up of the Internal Affairs Department, Tian Wenjing understood everything. Ouyang Shuo probably wanted him to take charge of this, as compared to the Material Reserves Department, whose stature had been constantly increasing or decreasing. This was certainly more attractive and a better place to show his ability.

As expected, Ouyang Shuo started to make personnel changes. "Tian Wenjing will be the director, and at the same time he will be relieved of his duties as Director of the Material Reserves Department."

Tian Wenjing got up immediately and walked to the middle of the hall before bowing. "Thank you sire, for your trust. I won't let you down."

This arrangement was something that was too shocking and no one had expected it.

In the territory, to be able to take up such a task, only Fan Zhongyan and Tian Wenjing could do so. as Fan Zhongyan was already the Administration Director, for Tian Wenjing to be the Internal Affairs Director was to be expected. Now both of them had finally got back to the same starting line.

The only thing that everyone looked forward to was about who was going to replace him. The position of Director of Material Reserves was similarly very attractive.



* * *





Chapter 165




Chapter 165

Chapter 165 - Explosion



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Ouyang Shuo didn't let everyone wait for long, and after announcing the structure of the Internal Affairs Department, he said, "I appoint Shen Zhui as the new Material Reserves Department director, and at the same time remove him from being the secretary of the Saltpans Division."

Everyone was in an uproar as this was unexpected news. Everyone looked towards Shen Zhui, some with jealousy, some with curiosity. It was just that no one looked to congratulate him.

Although he had prepared himself to withstand pressure, to face such a situation, it was still tough to breathe. Thinking about Ouyang Shuo's words, Shen Zhui slowly calmed down, walking into the middle of the hall and bowing. "Thank you sire, I won't let you down."

From today onwards, Shanhai City had given birth to another dragon head. Although this one was a bit duller than the others, one had to admit that his rise was motivation to everyone.

Following which, the meeting officially started. The various secretaries and directors gave their reports. Everything went as expected and there weren't many surprises.

After the administrative meeting had ended, it was already noon, and everyone went back home. Only the 3 heads of the affiliate territories were left at Ouyang Shuo’s request to have their meals at the lord's manor.

Two days ago, the choosing of maidservants had come to an end.

Under the supervision of Yingyu, the two maidservants were invited in. The older one was called Zisu, and the younger was called Banxia, and both would be in charge of his living. Zisu was also in charge of managing all the other servants.

Based on Yingyu's introduction, both of them were orphans and had no relatives in Shanhai City. Zisu was still okay as her age was similar to Yingyu. She was a calm person, and her ability was not bad. Banxia was a bit younger, similar in age to Qing'er.

In truth, to be Ouyang Shuo's maidservant was exceptionally easy. Because he went offline at night, and he wasn't around in the day, the time he was served was very little.

In the afternoon, Gu Xiuwen, Zhao Dexian, and Zhou Haichen walked into the office and started to describe the situations in their various territories.

Qiushui Town’s head Zhao Dexian mentioned that Qiushui Town needed to do 2 things, which were firstly to upgrade the water irrigation system and secondly to build the city walls.

Ouyang Shuo supported and agreed for the Four Seas bank to loan Qiushui Town a sum of money to use for these two projects. On the scale of the city wall, Ouyang Shuo raised specific requirements. As an affiliate territory, in the future, they would have at most 2 city walls.

Hence, the first wall had to be 5 kilometers long, in the middle in scale of the 2 walls in Shanhai City.

As for the upgrade of the water irrigation system, that needed more support. The purpose of Qiushui Town was as a grain base. Apparent from reclaiming more land, perfecting the water irrigation system and raising production of grain per acre was the best way to solve the problem. After all, if one had a lot of land but not enough farmers, then it'd be useless.

Zhao Dexian was worthy to be called an ex-village chief, having a sharp eye for agricultural matters and vast experience. At least at the current grade 1 town, he could still be of great use.

The Friendship Town head Zhou Haichen reported the trade situation with the Tianfeng tribe. Friendship Town had smoothly completed their second trade with Tianfeng tribe, obtaining 200 Qingfu horses.

Both sides had agreed after discussions to build a fixed market. With this, Friendship Town could trade with the nomads and wasn't res

tricted to trading only with particular tribes. The key was that as the fame or the reputation increased, other tribes might come and trade with them.

Hence, the setting up the market meant that it opened up the window to trading with the nomadic tribes. The goods were no longer restricted to Qingfu horses, sheep, and fur. Everything was tradeable. If it went smoothly, then this would stimulate the economy and the lives of people in Friendship Town.

Lastly was the report from Beihai Town’s head Gu Xiuwen.

It had been a month since Beihai Town upgraded to a grade 3 town, and adding the 4000 Jifeng tribe prisoners, the population had received a considerable boost.

Even so, Beihai Town was still half a month away from reaching the 10 thousand max population.

As for Harbour Town, Gu Xiuwen raised that the fishermen had already set up a fishermen association and started to work together when fishing. The men went out to fish while the women stayed at home to dry the fish to make fish jerky before sending it to the market to sell.

In Beihai Town, apart from the fishermen, the biggest group were the salt workers at the Beimu saltpans. Based on his plan, they wanted to copy the main territory and build living quarters near the saltpans, slowly shifting them out of the town.

Beihai Town wanted to turn into a harbor town, so it needed to throw off the burden of salt workers. Now in the town, the ratio in the population wasn’t typical, as half of the population were salt workers.

Furthermore, the salt workers had said that they were willing to shift out. Firstly, it was more convenient and secondly, there was more freedom.

It was only on how to build the living quarters that the town and the Saltpans Division couldn't agree on.

Beihai Town wanted to separately build 5 living quarters near the saltpans, and each would accommodate 1000 workers, the same as a full population grade 3 village.

The Saltpan Division was thinking from a management point of view that they could at most build 2 quarters. In the end, Ouyang Shuo decided to let the salt workers decide for themselves.

After the brief meeting, the 3 of the heads went back to their territories.

Ouyang Shuo returned to the backyard and got ready to go offline.

In the backyard, Zisu was bringing Banxia and sewing clothing for Ouyang Shuo. Zisu was an intermediate tailor, and she could sew some clothes for daily use.

In actuality, the clothing that Ouyang Shuo wore on formal occasions was all done by Qing'er. That brat not only cared about what she wore, but she also settled the clothing of both Ouyang Shuo and Yingyu.

Based on what she said, as the brother and sister of a master tailor, if they wore clothes too badly, she would lose face.

Going back to the room, Ouyang Shuo went straight offline.

In reality, Ouyang Shuo's anonymous post had finally attracted attention. Some players replied that they followed the method and they felt the presence of internal strength.

When there was one, there would be two. If there was only Ouyang Shuo who said that, then everyone wouldn't believe it. Now with others, it would have a certain persuasiveness.

Hence, this post was dug out from the sea of posts and became a hot topic.

For the past two days, the questions and replies on the post had grown. Many lucky players replied to say that they had cultivated successfully. Of course out of those, there would be many liars who only wanted attention.

Ouyang Shuo wasn't clear if the popularity of the post had anything to do with the federal government.

What he could confirm was that everything was going in the direction that he wanted and even exceeded his predictions

The landmine had finally exploded, and the protests of the people got more and more intense like a thunderstorm and charged at the federal government.

The federal government finally couldn't keep quiet any longer and announced that on the 26th of May, which was that day, they would make a speech through the television to answer all the doubts.

After sending Bing'er to school, Ouyang Shuo returned home immediately and prepared to watch the speech. Sun Xiaoyue didn't go to school today and specially stayed at home. With a woman's 6th sense, she felt that something big was going to happen.

The two of them sat on the sofa and turned on the tv to witness the critical moment.

"Eh, what do you think the president would reveal about Earth Online? I felt that something is up and that it's weird." Before the broadcast, Sun Xiaoyue asked Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo had already trained himself to control his expression and said, "How would I know. Anyways it's gonna start soon, so we will know soon enough."

"You really don't know?" Sun Xiaoyue didn't give up.

"Of course I don't!" Ouyang Shuo lied so hard that even he believed himself.

Sun Xiaoyue stared at Ouyang Shuo, and from his face she couldn't find any abnormality, she couldn't only say helplessly, "You're getting better at faking.”

Sun Xiaoyue had long ago believed that he knew something, just that she wasn't clear how much he knew. Hence she would often test him out.

Unfortunately, with her skill level, she was unable to make an old fox like Ouyang Shuo speak.

At 9 AM, the federal government president appeared on the television.

At the same time, out of the billion people, at least half were, through various means, watching this special broadcast.

"Hello everyone, I'm going to announce huge news. After hearing it, please do not panic as the federal government has made plans to solve any problem that will occur."

"Twenty years ago, our scientists found that our Earth will, in 2200, which was 10 years later, explode from the core and the entire Earth will become a ball of fire."

"Luckily, heaven left us a path, and on one of our satellites, we spotted a new planet which could sustain life. Hence the federal government created a secret galactic migration project. The game Earth Online that everyone is paying attention to is a part of that project. The project has in these 20 years, come to fruition."

"The federal government has officially decided to start the galactic migration on the 1st day of of the 7th month of 2190. At that time, everyone will sit on the galactic spaceship and fly towards planet Hope. The specific details will be posted on the federal government website. Please work together with the federal government and prepare ahead of time. See you soon!"



* * *





Chapter 166




Chapter 166: TWO Chapter 166 - Migration Project

Chapter 166 - Migration Project

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The words from the federal government president were simple but held deep meaning, enough to rattle everyone. If one wanted to know more details, they would have to go onto the federal website. In truth, after the president finished his speech, the television channel started to report on the details of the migration.

Firstly after the program, the whole world would enter code 1 alert status. Military and police were to enter battle formations and prevent any sabotage or stealing from happening.

From tonight onwards, the whole world would start to practice curfew, where after 9 PM, no one was allowed to stay out, and all entertainment venues were to close.

In modern day society, most of the weapons used were energy weapons. Laser weapons had long replaced the normal guns and rifles used 200 years ago. A 100 years earlier, electromagnetic guns had replaced firearms. With strict weapons control and Gaia that monitored everything, for normal people to cause problems was already very difficult.

Subsequently, from the next day onwards, all schools would stop. Of course that didn't mean that learning stopped, as all the lessons from primary school to university would be moved to Earth Online.

Apart from people appointed to maintain and run the services in the cities by the federation, any other normal shops and services would be closed, and the workers no longer needed to report for work.

From this moment on, all bank accounts and fixed properties were frozen, and people couldn't buy, sell, or trade goods. Food and daily products would be distributed by the federation to prevent looting.

Gaia, who had eyes on everything along with delivery robots, easily delivered all the goods, and one didn't need to worry that they wouldn’t receive the things that was meant for them.

The federal government started to calculate one's personal assets and changed them into credits. In truth, this job had been started long ago, but now it only needed them to comply and confirm.

All transportation vehicles including trains, planes and airborne railways were now only used to reunite families.

From the next day onwards, the government would send everyone a game cabin. Those who already had one wouldn't be given an additional one. All the cabins were designed based on one's basic information.

Additionally, the government specifically pointed out that the space on the spaceship was limited, and one was only able to bring a limited number of personal items. They had strict requirements and limitations on the size and weight of the luggage.

At this point, this was all the government had revealed. As for planet Hope and the changes in-game, they were temporarily not revealed.

The federal government had considered how much the public could accept and wanted to control the situation in reality, waiting for everyone to enter the game before making changes in-game.

After learning the details and confirming that they were the same as the previous life, Ouyang Shuo didn't bother about the shock from Sun Xiaoyue and said, "I'll pick up Bing'er from school. As for the rest, let's discuss later."

Sun Xiaoyue nodded understandingly. "Go."

On the roads were signs of chaos and panic. Luckily there were police maintaining law and order and armed machines on patrol, so there weren't any riots or fights.

After the curfew was set, the military entered the city and helped the police in maintaining law and order in order to

prevent violence.

Suddenly, Ouyang Shuo received a phone call from his little aunt.

"Little Shuo, did you see the news? I hope you and Bing'er can come over to Shang Hai, and at that time we would all board the galactic spacecraft."

Ouyang Shuo paused. On this point, he had his own plans. "Little aunt, on the way to Bing'er's school, some things aren't convenient to say. How about this, I'll call you in the evening."

Talking about Bing'er, little aunt instantly understood and switched off the phone.

Following which, Ouyang Shuo received Song Jia's call which he declined. If it wasn’t that he didn't want to reveal that he had already knew the news, he wouldn't have let Bing'er go to school today.

This was such a sudden change. Although the teachers would comfort them, Ouyang Shuo didn't want Bing'er to face any shock.

When he reached the school, as expected, there were many parents waiting at the gate to pick their kids up early. The school could understand, and as the teachers weren’t in the mood to continue the lessons, the early dismissal was smoothly done.

Luckily, everyone was a decent human being, and there wasn't any pushing or rushing.

Bing'er appeared by the gate, and upon seeing Ouyang Shuo, she ran and shouted, "Brother!" Obviously, she was happy that Ouyang Shuo picked her up early.

Ouyang Shuo pulled her hand and smiled. "Let's go home!"

"En." Her emotions were still very calm. At her age, she didn't have much understanding towards the apocalypse of intergalactic migration.

On the other hand, she asked curiously, "Brother, my teacher said we would all sit on galactic spaceships and move to other planets, is that true?"

"Yes."

"Wa, that's great. Bing'er has not sat on a spaceship." Bing'er had a face filled with excitement. "Brother, do you think there will be monsters in the new world?"

Ouyang Shuo was speechless. As expected, a kids world was totally different. He rubbed her head. "Brother doesn't know. However, even if there are any, Bing'er doesn't need to be scared, as brother will protect you."

"En." Bing'er had a lot of faith in her brother.

On the way back, various stalls and shops had all closed. Luckily, Ouyang Shuo was prepared and he had gathered some amenities.

When they reached home, it was close to noon.

After lunch, Ouyang Shuo let Bing'er return to her room to rest. Bing'er was well behaved, and knew that Ouyang Shuo had things to tell Sun Xiaoyue, so she went in without a fuss.

Ouyang Shuo brewed a cup of tea for himself sitting on the sofa as he looked at Sun Xiaoyue. "Xiaoyue, what are your plans? When’re you going home?"

Her family wasn't in Jiaozhou, and going home was the obvious choice.

Sun Xiaoyue said helplessly, "In the morning when you went to fetch Bing'er, my family called me to go home tomorrow."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, "Then go home tomorrow. Don't let them worry."

"Till now you still don't want to tell me your in-game ID?"

Ouyang Shuo shook his head. "It'll only be a month, right? In the game, based on the time, you should have graduated right?"

It was a trick. Every time she asked, he would change the topic. As she observed in the past half a year, Ouyang Shuo's ID had very important information, which made him so careful. If not, he wouldn't be such a cold and secretive person.

"Yes, I graduated the day before and am now a intermediate architect. Yesterday, I followed what you said and spent 100 gold to enter the King City building department to intern. The one month of the internship might just be when the migration will happen." Sun Xiaoyu explained.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "On the side of the Fallen Moon guild, is there any progress?"

Fallen moon guild had became her little problem, and she laughed bitterly. “Qinruo and Qiaoqiao have already joined. Apart from that I used your method and there were some

rewards. However, our reputation was too low and players didn't want to join. Yesterday, we just crossed a hundred members."

Ouyang Shuo was still very confident. "Don't worry. As the real world changes, their views will change too. A month later when the migration starts, everything will not be a problem. You don't need to worry about the guild, so just focus on your internship."

"Okay." Sun Xiaoyue wasn't too devoted to managing the guild anyways.

"Oh ya, there's something I need your help on."

"What is it?"

"I remember you said that your grandpa was a boat specialist?"

"Yes." Sun Xiaoyue was confused on why he would bring this up.

"When you go home, can you talk to him? I hope he can join my territory. Best if he could ask some of his scientist friends. Especially concerning ships and alchemists."

Sun Xiaoyue understood and giggled. "You always like to beat around the bush. Since I'm joining you, my family will naturally join you too. As for the others, you better call my grandpa yourself. When I return, I'll call you and let my grandpa have a video chat with you."

Ouyang Shuo was delighted. "That's the best Xiaoyue. You’ve done me a huge favor."

Sun Xiaoyue shook her head and said, "Okay. However, I must remind you that you bragged so much about your territory. If it sucks in the end, what an embarrassment."

"Don't worry, when was I so unreliable?" Ouyang Shuo said helplessly.

"That's true. Okay I trust you. In the future I'll depend on you, my lord." Sun Xiaoyue joked.

"Luckily I have you. If not, I don't know how Bing'er is going to adapt when she enters. Even in the game I won't be able to be by her side." Ouyang Shuo was really thankful for Sun Xiaoyue.

She sighed. "Ha, i won't see her for 1 month. I’m going to miss her. Ok, the things that needed to be settled have been done. If there's anything, just call me. I'll go find Bing'er."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, "Ok, go."



* * *





Chapter 167




Chapter 167: TWO Chapter 167 - Weapon Specialist

Chapter 167 - Weapon Specialist

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

In the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo took the time to make a trip.

He wanted to visit a person that was super important for the future development of his territory.

He took a trip to an old neighbourhood in Jiao State suburbs. This kind of neighbourhood was considered a forgotten area, similar to the shantytowns 200 years ago.

Because of the massive drop in population and also the excellent welfare packages, this old neighbourhood was like a ghost town. Those who lived here were usually those who couldn't mix well into society.

When he got out of the car, he followed the memory in his last life and walked the streets of the neighborhood. On each side were old shops that were dilapidated and long closed.

When he saw a weird advertisement sign, he was sure that the guy from the last life didn't lie. Ouyang Shuo walked into another alley and onto the muddy and dirty surface. Both sides had high walls and on them were creepers and other vegetation.

After walking 500 meters in the alley, he finally saw a similar advertisement sign that was hung slanted on a building.

The advertisement board was made of an iron sheet, and rust spots were all around it. A bullet was spray-painted on it. If people didn't pay attention they wouldn't recognize it. Such a bullet had stopped production 50 years ago, and it meant that weapons using gunpowder had left the stage of history and was replaced by higher quality and stronger weapons like lasers.

Seeing that advertisement board, it was like Ouyang Shuo entered a trance.

If nothing went wrong, living inside would be, apart from his few brothers and sisters, one of his best friends in-game.

He was called Liumo, a very basic name, and his in-game ID was Zidan Chutang. This was a guy who couldn't fit into this era, engrossed in the weapons that had already been left in history. From hobby to passion, he nearly went too far.

To analyze and study thermal weapons, he left home, broke up with his girlfriend and lived in the old neighborhood.

He stayed for 10 years and only stepped out of that little house when the galactic migration occurred.

At that time, his girlfriend had already married and given birth. Liumo who was disheartened and lazy, roamed around the game and did nothing. His talent was hard to use in the game.

Ouyang Shyo met Liumo by chance during a meeting. It was a coincidence, and both of them were similar to one another, so naturally they became friends.

During their casual conversation, he talked about this experience in his life that left a deep impression in Ouyang Shuo.

That was right. Ouyang Shuo had specially come to find him was to get to know this best friend again, and also to invite him to his territory to study thermal weapons.

In the later stages of the game, guns and cannons were the main weapons in the war. After history entered the Ming Dynasty, warships had to have cannons to be able to rule the oceans.

The system had strict restrictions on the technology tree, and it was difficult for players to break out of the restrictions of their country.

Europe and America, the countries that relied on the industrial revolution, the birth of guns were a standard part of their technological tree. Like in the Free Town defence, the arquebus had already come into play.

However in China, although there were already guns during the Ming Dynasty, because of the restrictions on them during the Qing Dynasty, they weren't developed and instead there was a

drop in technology.

Hence, to build destructive guns and cannons was difficult in the Chinese region.

Manufacturing manuals of these items were unable to be found on the market or the auction. Even using the freedom system in the game to craft items, they wouldn't have high damage and fatal power.

The appearance of Magnus had opened up a new door towards success.

As he was a western NPC, that meant that he grew according to the western technology tree. Which meant that if Magnus mad Liumo worked hand in hand, they could skip the manufacturing manuals and craft high damage guns and cannons.

Of course, this was much harder than the westerners using the manuals to craft guns. However, at least this was a possibility that was worth Ouyang Shuo investing in.

Ouyang Shuo did not want to lag behind in the future ocean battles.

Tossing aside such thoughts, he walked forward and knocked on the door of the small house.

"Who is that?" Inside said a shocked voice. Following which, a man opened the door wearing a work uniform and an unkempt mustache, his hair like a bird's nest.

Ouyang Shuo froze. One's image was improved and changed in the game, in addition to his clothing, Ouyang Shuo wasn't sure if this was the right guy.

"Hello, my name is Ouyang Shuo. Are you teacher Liumo?"

The middle-aged man also froze. "Yes, how did you find this place?"

Ouyang Shuo was relaxed. Seeing his good friend like this, he found it hilarious. In the game when Liumo talked about his past, the most he referred to were the 2 advertisement boards and not about his clothing. Ouyang Shuo guessed that he probably didn't know what state he was in.

Ouyang Shuo didn't reply and laughed. "So are you not going to invite me in?"

Liumo was forthright and wasn't afraid that Ouyang Shuo had any ill intentions, just inviting him in.

When he walked in, the entire house was like a thermal weapon museum. Different kinds of rifles and pistols were strewn all over the place. Apart from that, there were specialized tools to make guns and ammo.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo have an interest in such weapons, Liumo got a bit excited.

He didn't chase to find out how Ouyang Shuo knew his name and instead warmly introduced Ouyang Shuo to his weapons and their stats.

Ouyang Shuo could understand his feeling. Such recognition was something that was very important to Liumo.

In modern society, of those Liumo was the only one other than those who specialized in weapon history who had such a deep understanding of these things.

Most crucially, not only did he have knowledge, but he had practical ability. Only such a place with no monitoring could allow Liumo to explore his interest.

Of course, although one could say that it was a dead monitoring zone, it was only because he didn't use the weapons to cause harm to others. If not, Gaia would have contacted the police to lock him up.

After viewing Liumo's gun museum, Ouyang Shuo brought up his main reason for coming. "You should have watched the president's speech on television today right?"

Liumo froze. "What television speech?"

Ouyang Shuo nearly fainted, he really didn't know. These kind of people were usually the last few to be brought up onto the galactic spaceships.

"You can access the net here?"

"Of course, if not how would I search for information?"

"Go to the federal government website to see." Ouyang Shuo said impatiently.

"See what?"

"Just see, it's of the utmost importance." Ouyang Shuo started to use the tone of a best friend to talk to him.

Liumo didn't care. Maybe it was because it wasn't easy to meet someone that recognized him and his work. He opened his handbrain and went onto the federal government website.

On the official website, the posts and details regarding the migration were placed at easy to see places. "Galactic migration?" Liumo looked at Ouyang Shuo with uncertainty.

Ouyang Shuo nodded.

He was stunned and started to read the articles.

5 minutes later he had finished, and he looked at Ouyang Shuo in shock. "Is this real?"

"Of course, this afternoon the president went on television to speak. This video should be on the website too." Ouyang Shuo could understand his doubt.

Liumo opened the federal government website and found the video. After watching it, he went silent.

Ouyang Shuo left him alone for 10 minutes to gather his thoughts before saying, "If nothing goes wrong, the government will send gaming cabins tomorrow. Do you have any plans?"

He laughed bitterly. "What plans can I have? A person like me that society won't take in, migration or not what difference does it make?"

"Don't say that, at least you still have family right?"

Liumo kept silent for a long while before uttering, "Yes you are right. I'm such an unfilial son. I should go visit my parents, only I don't know if they will recognize me."

In the last life, Liumo had missed the chance because of such thoughts and considerations. This became one of his biggest regrets, and Ouyang Shuo didn't want history to repeat itself.

"Thank you, brother." Liumo said sincerely to Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo said, "That's right, we are brothers. Since you are older, I'll call you older brother. To tell the truth, I've been playing Earth Online from the start and have a small result so far. How about you come and help me in-game, and us brothers will work hard together."

"Okay as long as you don't despise me."

Hence between people, things were extraordinary. With some people, even after a long time, you were unable to have in-depth conversations with them. Others, even meeting once, would seem like lifetime friends.

"Big brother Liu, don't self-deprecate yourself, I believe that your studies on thermal weapons can definitely open up the sky in the game." Ouyang Shuo said.

"You are saying that I can still analyze thermal weapons in the game?" His eyes brightened up.

"That's right!"

"That's great, I can't wait." Liumo was really excited.



* * *





Chapter 168




Chapter 168: TWO Chapter 168 - Marriage

Chapter 168 - Marriage

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After exchanging numbers with Liumo, Ouyang Shuo didn't stay any longer and left.

When he went home, it was already 5:30PM, and it was time for dinner. Ouyang Shuo didn't say a word and started to cook for the two women in the family.

When eating, Ouyang Shuo noticed that Bing'er's eyes were red and said, "Baby, did you cry in the afternoon? Who made you sad?"

"Bad brother." Being exposed by Ouyang Shuo, Bing'er was embarrassed.

He obviously knew that the little brat was sad because she heard that Xiaoyue was going to leave. He was just teasing her to change her mood.

Sun Xiaoyue could only watch on and nag. "What brother actually bullies his one sister? Haiz.."

"I agree." Bing'er followed.

Ouyang Shuo wouldn't try to defend himself. If he did, he would die a terrible death. He knowingly focussed on eating and didn't say a word.

Sun Xiaoyue and Bing'er looked at each other and laughed, like a pair of little foxes that claimed victory.

After dinner, Sun Xiaoyue started packing. Ouyang Shuo looked at her packing bag after bag, and asked doubtfully, "Xiaoyue, you are bringing all those away?"

"Yes, I won't be coming back so of course I'm taking them away."

"Are you dumb?" Ouyang Shuo spoke with sarcasm.

"You! What's that supposed to mean!"

Ouyang Shuo was speechless and said, "Didn't they say clearly that each person could only bring a small number of personal items? You can bring all this home, but in the end you still need to leave them on Earth. So don't you think you aren’t dumb."

Sun Xiaoyue froze, and when she regained her thoughts, she said with a forced smile, "Oh ya, I forgot. I'm really reluctant to throw all this away."

Maybe at that moment, she really realised what the galactic migration meant. This wasn't like changing houses, moving from one district to another, but it was moving from one planet to another.

Seeing that the atmosphere was a little down, Ouyang Shuo didn't say anything and went back to his room.

He made a call back to Song Jia.

"Blockhead, you finally return my call. I was anxious to death." Song Jia sounded very anxious.

"Calm down, say things slowly, what exactly happened?" Ouyang Shuo consoled her.

"Aiyo," she was despondent, saying, "In the afternoon, The Yuan family raised up the issue of marriage to my grandpa and they want me and Yuanping to marry to form more reliable alliances in-game. Although it was shelved after my disagreement, I'm afraid I can't stop it for long. Blockhead, what should we do?"

Ouyang Shuo froze, Yuanping actually took that step.

Seems like both the Song family and Yuan family, which were middle sized powers, felt no sense of security as they had just started the game. They wanted to group up to stay safe, and this became a natural choice.

Marriage was a great idea. Song Jia's father was the wielder of power in the Song family, and Yuanping was the heir to the Yuan family.

"What do you think?" Ouyang Shuo didn't react.

"Even if I die I wouldn't marry him. If my grandpa forces me, I'll run away from home." Song Jia was getting very emotional and her attitude was very resolute.

Ouyang Shuo was calm, recalling the last 3 months of their love. It had magical effects.

Their love had all the ingredients of a drama, from the student gathering, a crush, meeting after a long time, rich family problems, etc.

/span

All this didn't look real, but this was love.

Love made you rash and irrational, making you not care about anything and give yourself up.

Ever since he was reincarnated, many beauties appeared in his life. Towards them, Ouyang Shuo had different feelings. They were friends and sisters, but never lovers.

Only in front of Song Jia would Ouyang Shuo put down everything and truly be himself.

"Jia Jia, don't be rash." Ouyang Shuo calmed her down. "What you must do is express your opinion. Don't do anything else. I'll deal with the rest."

Song Jia felt warm inside. "Blockhead, what will you do?"

"The reason your grandpa thought of such a solution was to find a good ally, am I right?" Ouyang Shuo found the core of the issue.

Song Jia nodded. "That's right. Last time he cared a lot about me. Before this, Yuanping came often to chase me, and my grandpa didn't agree."

"That's right. Since it's in-game, naturally we will solve it through the game. Relax, I will prove that I'm more reliable than the Yuan Family."

Song Jia didn't want to tease Ouyang Shuo about his bragging and said, "Blockhead, I trust you. You won't let me down."

Ouyang Shuo didn't want to make the atmosphere depressing and laughed. "Jia Jia, after you migrate, will you stay at your Tianshuang Town, or come to me?"

Song Jia froze. "That's depends whether your place is as good as you say it is."

"Haha, I guarantee you will be pleased."

"Stupid blockhead, still bragging."

Following this, the two naturally continued to flirt. Ouyang Shuo found that Song Jia was especially clingy today, and totally different from usual.

The sudden change and the thing about marriage made the usually confident Song Jia into a little girl who wanted someone to rely on.

The two of them talked till 10, when little aunt called and Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to end the call saying, "Sweetheart, my little aunt called me. Let's talk next time."

"En." Song Jia, although she was reluctant, she followed what Ouyang Shuo said.

"Good night. Don't worry, I'll settle the game stuff.

"Good night."

…

Ouyang Shuo hung up the call and picked up his little aunt's call. "Little aunt, it's me."

"Little Shuo, who you talking to, your phone has been engaged for so long."

"I was talking to your future niece in law." Ouyang Shuo could finally relax himself.

Lin Jing's eyes brightened and smiled, "Wa, little kid, not bad. Who is that girl? When you going to introduce her to me?"

At this moment, Lin Jing felt like she had the instinct of being a parent.

Ouyang Shuo said, "Little aunt, I don't dare. What if you steal her from me?"

"Hey stupid brat, when did you start making fun of your little aunt?"

"I don't dare. I don't dare." Ouyang Shuo raised his hands and surrendered.

"Ok let's stop fooling around and talk about business. Little Shuo, have you thought about my proposal in the morning?"

Ouyang Shuo had thought it out and said, "Little aunt, you know that tomorrow Bing'er will enter the game."

"What does that have to do with this?"

"I'll definitely bring her to my territory. If I move to Shang Hai and stay with you, what if she lets slip and reveals everything in the game? It's not that I don't trust your members, but just to be safe, I don't want anything to happen at the last moment. Little aunt, don't worry, I studied the migration specifics, and although in theory people in the same city will board the same spaceship, if we are relatives we can apply to the government to let us board the same spaceship at the last moment." Ouyang Shuo explained.

Lin Jing froze. She didn't think about this so much. As for her nephew, he was so careful.

"Then that's okay, you make sense." Lin Jing compromised.

"Thank you little aunt for your understanding."

"We are a family. Tell Bing'er that I'll visit her a month later in-game."

"I will. That little brat will definitely be happy."

After ending the call with little aunt, it was only then that he had time to log into the game. At this moment, Bing'er was already asleep, so he wouldn’t go disturb her.

In the game, it was naturally in chaos.

The first was that the exchange platform was closed, losing Di Chen and the others their money provider.

Following which, the prices of every good in the game began to rise. The players were clear that as players swarmed into the game, the balance would be broken.

As for the complaints and anger of the players who sold their territories, they were unable to cause any uproar.

Ouyang Shuo didn't have the mind to care about all this, and ordered the finance department to collect the profits of the latter half of the 5th month from the Beimu saltpans and the Langshan mines.

Firstly was that Ouyang Shuo needed to buy the basic building blueprints of the grade 1 city, and secondly he need to pay the military salaries.

Ouyang Shuo knew that since the federal government set the migration on the 1st of the 7th month of 2190, there would be an update in the game at night.

The upcoming update would have a deep impact on the game, and he needed to make use of the last month to make preparations and make use of his advantage to earn big.

All this needed large amounts of resources, or everything would be for naught.

Spending an entire afternoon, Ouyang Shuo hid in his office and thought about what he would do for the next month. Apart from that, he needed to convince Song Jia's brother, Song Wen, to helph im convince his grandpa to abandon the marriage.



* * *





Chapter 169




Chapter 169: TWO Chapter 169 - Bargaining Chip

Chapter 169 - Bargaining Chip

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Ouyang took out a token from his storage bag. This token was obtained by General Shi when they destroyed a large-scale raider camp 2 days ago.

Ever since the mixed regiment was formed, Shanhai City once again activated bandit destruction mode. His goal was to clean up the new 1000 square kilometers of territory.

Two days had passed, and they had only completed a fourth of their mission. Based on the colonel of the regiment Shi Wanshui, he predicted that he would at least need a week to finish it.

Because of the bandits, the business around the lord's manor Guards was pushed back time after time. Ouyang Shuo decided to order Wang Feng to hold the trials after the bandits were dealt with.

Ouyang Shuo held the token in his hand. It was a basic soldier token.

Heavy armored infantry token (basic): Can directly change the class of 100 max rank militiamen to rank 1 heavy armored infantry.



A similar token had appeared during the auction. However, that was the more expensive heavy armored cavalry which was bought by Xiongba for 1200 gold.

This heavy armored infantry token, based on the market price shouldn't be less than 2000 gold. Firstly was that the market prices soared, and secondly the rarity and preciousness of gold couldn't be compared to 2 months ago.

This soldier token was nothing to Shanhai City. To Song Wen, however, it was a precious treasure.

Ouyang Shuo didn't hesitate and anonymously sent the soldier token to Song Wen. Along with the token was a handwritten letter by Ouyang Shuo.

In the letter, Ouyang Shuo mentioned that he was the friend of Song Jia, and that this soldier token was a meeting gift to give to his future brother-in-law. If he were willing to help out and break the marriage, Ouyang Shuo would reward him. Whether the Song family was willing to ally with a family that was around their level, or ally with a friend that was much stronger, the decision lay in their hands.

In the future, the game would be a battle between the strong. Tianshuang Town shouldn't miss this chance. If they did, they would remain a second-rate territory.

Ouyang Shuo appeared very tough in the letter. He knew that facing a family like the Song family, the weaker you looked, the more they looked down on you. On the contrary, the stronger you looked, the more they would respect you.

At the current stage, to casually hand out a soldier token was a symbol of strength.

It wasn't hard to imagine that after receiving the token he would definitely report to his grandfather. Based on the sly nature of businessmen, before they understood Ouyang Shuo's bottom line, they naturally wouldn't place all their stakes on him right away.

This was the outcome that he had wanted. As long as they hesitated and delayed for this month, then when the migration started and Ouyang Shuo revealed his identity, Yuanping wouldn't stand any chance.

Ouyang Shuo wasn't worried that the Song family would do anything harmful to him. Now the world was on an alert, and the safety of everyone was the top priority.

Famous players like Bai Hua had long before had their real life identities revealed. The federal government had thought this through and placed much care on their safety.

With the businessman status of the Song family, they wouldn't tread on the dangerous road as that would be of no benefit to them.

Ouyang Shuo was so careful because he was worried about Di Chen and the o

ther strong powers. Their strength in reality was frightening, and even in such a world situation, Ouyang Shuo didn't have confidence that he could get away safely.

After settling the soldier token issue, Ouyang Shuo went offline.

In the morning, Sun Xiaoyue brought some simple luggage and went home. As for her game cabin, it was sent through the federal government game cabin transmitting channel and promised to be returned the same day.

In the afternoon, Bing'er's game cabin reached the house. As a kid, her game cabin was of a small size.

After the workers left, Bing'er looked at the game cabin that belonged to her and asked curiously, "Brother, is Bing'er going to play the same game as you and sister Xiaoyue?"

"Yes. How about this? Tonight you can be with brother, and also there will be two sisters to spend time with you. Bing'er will definitely like it."

"Then can Bing'er see sister Xiaoyue?" The little brat couldn't forget about Sun Xiaoyue.

Ouyang Shuo bent down and pinched her cheeks. "Of course. However, you need to wait for a month. And also, Xue'er can join the game with you, are you happy?"

"Ya, is that true, brother?"

"Of course, when has brother lied to you?"

"Yay, I'll go find Xue'er." The little brat said as she ran out of the room.

At 6 PM, Ouyang Shuo logged into the game. This time Bing'er and Xue'er followed along. Because she was still underage, she used the parental guidance mode. Ouyang Shuo had confirmed himself as the parent of Bing'er.

Under the parental guidance mode, Ouyang Shuo could help her control her character, and after a series of selections, Ouyang Shuo appeared in the Character Creation Hall.

"Ya, such a beautiful fairy sister." Bing'er exclaimed as she looked at the guiding fairy.

Ouyang Shuo didn't waste time and set her ID as Ouyang Bing, choosing the lord's game mode and making her side job a knight, her birthplace was set as Shanhai City.

Of course, to Bing'er the job didn't have any meaning as she wouldn't even get it.

After selecting everything, the brother and sister appeared in the teleportation formation of Shanhai Town, together with them was Xue'er, the advanced smart pet.

Walking out of the formation, Ouyang Shuo pulled on her hand and pointed to the lord's manor. "That is brother's house, baby do you like it?"

Seeing such a vast manor, she exclaimed, "Ya, such a beautiful house!"

"Let's go. Two sisters are waiting for you."

"En."

Walking into the lord's manor, the various workers of each department hadn't started work, and the entire estate only had some workers. Ouyang Shuo brought her to the backyard. When the maidservants Zisu and Banxia saw sire walk in from outside the yard, they were surprised.

What was more surprising was the little girl he was holding to and the little thing jumping on her shoulder.

"Sire!" Although they found it surprising, they still bowed and greeted.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, "Banxia, go call big miss and second miss."

"Yes sire!" Banxia immediately turned around.

Ouyang Shuo looked towards Zisu and laughed. "This is my sister, Ouyang Bing. Next time she will be the third miss in this manor. She is still young, so I need you to take care of her."

After two days of observation, Ouyang Shuo was pleased with Zisu. She did her work well and arranged everything nicely and aptly. Handing Bing'er to her allowed him not to worry.

Zisu didn't dare to be too slow and bowed towards Bing'er. "Third miss!" Suze wasn't dumb, and the sire had specially instructed her to take care of his sister.

Bing'er thought it was fun and she looked at Ouyang Shuo. "Brother, this sister looks like the sister on the television."

Ouyang Shuo didn't know how to explain this to the little brat and said, "Baby, next time treat this like our home okay?"

"En."

Bing'er's adaptive skills were solid. When she moved in with Ouyang Shuo, she wasn't the least bit uncomfortable. In the last life, she had quickly adapted to this game.

This time, Yingyu and Qing'er had already washed up and rushed over.

Ouyang Shuo invited everyone to the main hall and let Bing'er stand beside him. After Yingyu and Qing'er sat down, he opened up. "Yingyu, Bing'er, let me give introductions, this is my sister Ouyang Bing."

"Ouyang Bing?" Yingyu frowned in thought. "I remember big brother say that your surname was Ouyang. Is this little sister your real sister?"

Such a good memory. Ouyang Shuo nodded. "That's right, my real name is Ouyang Shuo, Qiyue Wuyi is a nickname." Ouyang Shuo pulled Bing'er and pointed to them. "Bing'er this is big sister Yingyu and Qingsi, have you remembered their names?"

"En." In a formal occasion, Bing'er was always well behaved, calling both of them, making them both delighted.

Especially Qing'er, this girl couldn't sit still and walked beside Bing'er. "That's great, I'm finally not the youngest, so brother won't always bully me."

Following which, she was curious about Xue'er who stopped on Bing'er's shoulder. "Bing'er, tell sister who this little fellow is."

Xue'er was smart and didn't wait for Bing'er to reply. It flew up on its own and said. "Xue'er, Xue'er."

This move made Qing'er's mouth agape. "Ya, it flies. So magical, it's like the sprite in the legends. You said you are called Xue'er?"

"En."

Even the always calm Yingyu couldn’t sit still and looked at Ouyang Shuo, asking, "Big brother, is that an ancient sprite?"

Ouyang Shuo didn't know how to explain this to them and said, "Just treat it as it is."

At this time, Suze walked in. "Sire, miss, breakfast is ready."

"Ok, let's go eat breakfast, let's talk at the table." Ouyang Shuo got up and dragged Bing'er, bringing her to the food hall.

After breakfast, Ouyang Shuo let Yingyu and Qing'er do their own business. Bing'er would take care of herself today.

Before leaving, Qing'er didn't stop reminding Ouyang Shuo to bring Qing'er to her tailor shop. She wanted to sew some beautiful clothing for her new sister.



* * *





Chapter 170




Chapter 170: TWO Chapter 170 - Teacher

Chapter 170 - Teacher

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Taking into account that Bing'er just came, Ouyang Shuo wasn't ready to let her move in straight away into the east courtyard. Instead, he emptied a room in the main courtyards.

Ouyang Shuo didn't do much in the entire morning, just bringing Bing'er around Shanhai Town. The majestic Qingfu horse, the Nian beasts... all of them caused her to be amazed and intrigued.

As for how the lord suddenly had a new sister, both the residents and the officials in the manor were all delighted. This proved that their lord had a family heritage which was very important in ancient times.

Zisu was arranged beside Bing'er to take care of her living and daily needs. On the side of Ouyang Shuo. He only kept Banxia, as either way he didn't need much taking care of and service.

In the afternoon, Zisu continued to accompany Bing'er to sightsee around Shanhai Town.

Ouyang Shuo returned to his office and started to deal with all the administrative work.

He picked up a document which was from the weapon workshop manager Xukun. In the document he mentioned that they had already combined the crafting techniques of the Tang knife and the long spear, and created the lance.

Out of all the long weapons, the earliest used weapon was the spear. As chariots appeared,dagger axes appeared for soldiers to attack on top of the chariots. The appearance of war horses proliferated cavalry and combining the advantages of both the spear and the dagger axe, it slowly became the main weapon of the cavalry, the halberd.

When heavy armor appeared, to increase the penetration of the weapon, the main weapon of the cavalry became lances. The lance's appearance was the same as spears, just that it was made with better materials and was stronger.

The core of the lance was its pole. The higher grade lances often used tricuspid cudrania wood. Unfortunately such a precious material was not yet found in Shanhai Town.

With the lance, the equipment of The Shanhai City heavy armoured cavalry was set. Now what they lacked was a lance teacher to teach the cavalry how to use the lance.

Dwelling on this topic, Ouyang Shuo instantly thought about Qing Qiong from Xunlong Town.

He didn't hesitate and shouted in the alliance channel, "Requesting help from xunlong."

"Boss, what's up?" Xunlong Dianxue immediately replied.

"Cough, lend me your Qing Qiong, we can discuss the terms."

"Wa, the chance to exploit the boss has come." Siege Lion suddenly appeared.

"Boss, Qing Qiong is my only general, I can't relax with him gone."

As expected that little brat started to raise the stakes. Ouyang Shuo didn't want to follow his tempo and offered, "One day for 10 Tang knives, no less than half a month."

Based on his offer, a Tang knife was 5 gold, 10 would be 50. If Xunlong Dianxue wasn't happy with it then he would be too greedy.

"Deal!" In truth, this far exceeded his expectation.

"Wa, Xunlong you have earned big. Boss, my Qin Shou is also for rent, I can give you a 20% discount." Siege Lion was envious.

"Why would I rent your Qin Shou, you should just give him to me, name your price." Ouyang Shuo joked.

"Hehe, Qin Shou is not for sale." Siege Lion still hadn't lost his mind.

"Xunlong, teleport him over now. We will count it as a day." Ouyang Shuo shouted.

"No problem, I'll go look for him now." Xunlong Dianxue agreed.

Ouyang Shuo got up and left the lord's manor and prepared to g

o to the teleportation formation to welcome Qing Qiong.

As expected, in 10 minutes he transported over. "I greet Lord Wuyi!"

"I've made General Qin busy. As for the reason you are here, I'm sure your sire has told you?"

"Yes he told me it's to teach your army how to use lances."

"Great, general please follow me."

"Yes!"

Ouyang Shuo brought Qing Qiong to the Military Affairs Department and handed him over to director Zhu. "Director Zhu, I’ll hand general Qin over to you. Tomorrow, follow him and go to the barracks. Tell Lin Yi clearly to ensure all soldiers have grasped the lance. Those that perform well will become sergeants."

"Understood!"

Ouyang Shuo left the Military Affairs Department and went to the lord's manor, nicely bumping into Yingyu.

"Big brother, the Langshan mining field and Northern Saltpan's income has been collected. It's a total of 7600 gold."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "How much does the Financial Department need this month?"

"This month we earned 2000 gold and need around 3000 gold of subsidies to maintain expenditure." Yingyu said apologetically.

"That's very good already." Ouyang Shuo consoled. "How about this, I'll leave 3600 to either the Financial Department. As for the remaining 4000 gold, transfer it to me."

"En."

Holding onto the gold, Ouyang Shuo went to the market and spent 1800 gold buying all the building blueprints as well as the upgrade blueprints for the granary and the private school.

On the market appeared another batch of gold rank secret manuals, which he bought up. There were a total of 24 totalling 1200 gold. Adding to the 76 he bought last time, Ouyang Shuo now had 100 gold rank secret manuals. These secret manuals were going to soar in price after the 7th month.

As for the remaining 1000 gold, Ouyang Shuo didn't dare to use and saved it for emergencies.

Going back to his office, he passed the building blueprints to the clerk and asked him to pass it to the Building Division. The plans for Shanhai City done by the Construction Division had already been approved. Hence, Ouyang Shuo didn't need to order and decide which place would be for which building.

After dealing with all that, the 2nd city wall project had started. To save time, the renovation of the village started at the same time. All buildings were moved based on the new plans. Just renovating the buildings had cost 500 gold, which was why Ouyang Shuo had kept 1000 gold for emergencies.

Based on the military power, and also the sweeping operation done by the mixed regiment, the buildings which were shifted outside of the first city wall and weren't protected didn't have to worry about their safety.

The raiders didn't have the courage and the strength to attack Shanhai City at such a time.

6 PM, Ouyang Shuo was in his office reading.

Bing'er suddenly ran in and laughed. "Brother, time to eat."

"Okay!" Ouyang Shuo picked her up and pinched her nose asking, "Baby, did you have fun?" He asked and walked into the backyard at the same time.

"En, brother it's so fun here."

"Then have you been naughty?"

"Bing'er is so well behaved. If you don't believe you can ask sister Zisu. And also sister Qing, she also helped measure my body and made beautiful dresses for me." In just an afternoon she had gotten close to both Qing'er and Zisu, really a fearless brat.

Returning to the backyard, dinner was already prepared and Yingyu and Qing'er had returned. Seeing Ouyang Shuo carry Bing'er in, everyone looked at each other and smiled.

After dinner, Ouyang Shuo brought Bing'er into her room. He asked Suzi to get out before telling Bing'er how to go offline. After confirming that she went offline, Ouyang Shuo returned to his room and went offline.

After going offline, he rushed to her room only to see the little brat opening the game cabin and climbing out of it.

"Baby, are you tired?"

"En, a little bit." Just out of the game, Bing'er was still a bit woozy and couldn’t get used to the environment.

"Then go brush your teeth and brother will make you breakfast. After that, go back and have some sleep, okay?" Ouyang Shuo said.

"En, I'll listen to brother."

Needless to say, the shops had already stopped working. Ouyang Shuo could only cook himself and make two bowls of noodles and two eggs on top of that.

After she finished her breakfast and went back to bed, Ouyang Shuo went into the living room and started cultivating. He decided that from today onwards he wouldn't leave the house even to run, and would stay in the room and cultivate.

After warming up, he took a hot shower and returned to his room to cultivate the Yellow Emperor internal cultivation techniques

By 11AM, Bing'er had woken up.

As she didn't need to go to school and couldn't go out to play, she sat in the living room to watch cartoons. Luckily, she had her brother to accompany her so it wasn't too boring.

In the afternoon, they ate a simple lunch. At 2PM, Ouyang Shuo acted as the replacement teacher to revise her work with her. At 4PM, she started to do her work. Ouyang Shuo sat beside her and opened his handbrain, either searching the forums or looking up information.

This kind of schedule became their norm during the month.

At 5PM, Ouyang Shuo received a call from Xiaoyue.

Ouyang Shuo got up and left Bing'er's room. "How are you, did you go back smoothly?"

"En, I reached home yesterday. This afternoon I talked about my grandpa about you and he was interested and wanted to talk to you." Sun Xiaoyue said.

"Great."

"In the display appeared a 60+ year old man. His head was full of white hair but his face was red and filled with life, with little wrinkles and looked very energized.

"Hello grandpa, I am Ouyang Shuo."

"Hello little kid. Thank you for taking care of my granddaughter." The grandfather was very polite.

"That's normal, as we are good friends!"

"Good, young people should be like this." He was very work focused so after a few simple greetings he dived right in. "I heard from Xiaoyue that old people like me had things to do in the game?"

Ouyang Shuo could understand his feelings of being a scientist for a large part of his life, and spending it all in his field of research.

What people like him cared most about was their research. To toss it aside was something that was hard to get used to. Now hearing that they could continue their jobs, they were obviously very excited.

"Yes grandpa. In the game as long as you have a suitable platform, scientists like you have a huge part to play." Ouyang Shuo smiled.

"Good good good. We old people don't like to hang around. To sit around and do nothing would be really torturous."

"Grandpa, you can call all your friends up. Even those that can't get in contact now can also just leave their contact information." Ouyang Shuo smiled and said.

"Okay, I'll listen to you."

"Thank you grandpa, sorry for the inconvenience."



* * *





Chapter 171




Chapter 171: TWO Chapter 171 - Undercurrent

Chapter 171 - Undercurrent

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Just as Ouyang Shuo was recruiting people and building bridges in real life to bring in more talents for his territory, the lords in Lianzhou basin had a peculiar occurrence.

May 30th, Broken Blade Town.

The lord of Broken Blade Town, Ba Dao, had brought all the core members of his territory and waited beside the teleportation formation. Not long after, 5 players walked out of the formation and started talking with him.

The 5 who’d teleported over were the lords of Tianfeng Town, Gushan Town, Guangshan Town, and Youngye Town, who were Xiaofeng Canyue, Dengtai Baijian, Chengfeng Polang, and Heise Pifeng, respectively.

Adding the Broken Blade Town, the 6 territories were the other towns apart from Shanhai City and Mulan Town in the Lianzhou Basin. Out of all of them, only Broken Blade Town and Tianfeng Town participated in the Battle of Zhuolu. The other 4 territories had just upgraded to a grade 1 Town recently.

As the migration news was revealed, hundreds of millions of players swarmed into the game. This also pushed many territories to upgrade quickly. A large number of grade 3 villages upgraded to grade 1 towns. From today onwards, towns were the average of players in the game.

As more players joined, many lords could handle the pressure and started recruiting players to their territories. Out of the recruited players, a significant portion was family and friends.

A lord would have several close relatives like aunties and grandparents. Adding cousins, colleagues, and friends, this was already a huge group. Apart from his, as for relatives of friends and friends of friends or colleagues of friends, these groups added together consisted of hundreds and thousands.

Based on the players' thinking, instead of slugging away and struggling alone, why not stay in a territory controlled by a friend?

Unfortunately, the cruel war between territories would destroy their beautiful dreams.

Obviously, lords weren't fools, and apart from recruiting their friends and family, they would also recruit different types of work occupation players. As for combat occupation players, because there were many conditions, the lords were very careful when hiring them.

When the lords hired players, they had to be very careful and couldn't recruit players who had other motives. In the last life, some groups made use of other lords' recruitment and acted as they didn't know each other before joining the territory. After which they moved against one another to obtain the lord's trust.

The lord thought that he had obtained talents. In the end, the players that joined the territory took control and became the lords of the territory.

This was only one example, and there were many others. After all, the Chinese region had too many smart people. One couldn't deny that lords were the elites of the game, but if one talked about social experience, they might not be up to the level of some of the game's rookies. These rookies were probably those that were molded by the harshness of society.

There were also professional fraud organizations which were much scarier. As these group of people entered the game, it would make the game more chaotic.

Hence, when this storm brewed, Ouyang Shuo pointedly reminded his allies to be careful when recruiting new people.

Out of all the allies, Feng Qiuhuang was the least susceptible as she was backed by many elites of various prominent families. No organization would dare to touch her and have ideas about her.

Siege

Lion who didn't look the part but in truth he paid a lot of attention to detail. His eye for details and understanding of the lord game mode had amazed Ouyang Shuo. Hence, Ouyang Shuo didn't worry much about him. Anyways he also had Fat Tiger to help, so the chances of them messing up were much lower.

Ouyang Shuo was more worried about the crazy quest finder Xunlong Dianxue. He was the typical guy that was good at a game but had low EQ. Ouyang Shuo roughly remembered that Xunlong City in the last life had a crisis and in the end, it was solved. As for what exactly was the crisis about, Ouyang Shuo wasn't in the loop.

Bai Hua's Consonance Town was considered a special territory.

In Consonance Town, there were many players already, and the vast majority were members of the guild they created in previous games. Hence in this player wave, Consonance Town had an additional 3 thousand people, getting them close to the 10 thousand max population of a grade 3 town.

In theory, their risk was the greatest. However, in truth, Ouyang Shuo wasn't worried. In the last life, it was proven that Bai Hua had to control and deal with such elements. If not Consonance City wouldn't have become one of the enormous rulers.

The one that Ouyang Shuo felt terrible about was Mulan Town. As expected, the changes that happened in the last life had occurred once again on this poor Mulan Yue.

Mulan Yue's parents were both scientists that worked on the mars base. To continue their research, after analyzing 10 years of the change of earth, they decided to remain on Mars temporarily.

The federal government had left a spaceship and twenty years of supplies for the workers on the mars base. After they complete their mission, they could sit on the spaceship and rush to planet Hope.

Mulan Yue wanted to stay on the mars base with her parents. However, which parent would want their kid to suffer with them, so they resolutely declined.

Hence, the little lady that was going to take this new path alone had felt very down recently. When they knew, they all teleported to Mulan Town to console her. Ouyang Shuo promised that when they reached planet Hope, he would let her stay by his side.

The consolation from friends had finally let her, to have lesser of an emotional change as compared to the last life. Apart from feeling a little down, nothing significant has happened.

Ouyang Shuo also finally understood why she had worked so hard to run her territory. She wanted to build a good base for when her parents arrived.

Because of this change, Mu Lanyue had become much closer with Ouyang Shuo. Under his recommendation, Mulan Town temporarily wouldn't recruit other players.

Closer to home, the meeting of the 6 lords of Lianzhou basin at Broken Blade Town was highly unusual.

The Qiushui River and friendship river which intersected in a Y shape had split the Lianzhou Basin into 3.

At the V portion, it took up half of the land area of the Lianzhou basin. This was the territory of the nomads. Apart from Milan Town that was in the south part, very few territories could survive here. Even if there were players who could build their territories here, it was highly likely to be destroyed by the nomads.

On the east and west side of the Y, there were 30 odd territories. Broken blade Town and Tianfeng Town, the two winners of the Lianzhou basin in the last life were on the east and west side, at the uppermost point of both rivers. Beside them were the two vast lakes in the Lianzhou basin, the east lake, and the west lake. They were back facing a mountain and sides facing the lake, with this kind of geological advantage, it was no wonder why they had an advantage in the last life.

Yishui Town was near the middle flow of the Qiushui river. It's lord Ruoshui Sanqian was the only female lord in this meeting.

Gushan Town was at the Southeast edge of the Lianzhou basin and was built at where the eastern mountains met the southern mountains, a very good place to defend. It's lord Dengtai Baifang ever since knowing that Shanhai Town had mountain barbarian warriors, he wanted to come into contact with them and had already obtained some progress.

The future Gushan Town would be the closest competitor to Shanhai City to get the mountain barbarian tribes.

Guangshui Town was in the middle of the friendship river, similar to that of Yishui town. The lord Chengfeng Polang was a medium-sized family prince.

The last Yongye Town was built on the north-west corner near the Yongye forest. The forest on the west of Shanhai Town was the border of the Yongye forest. Hence, Yongye Town was the territory that was closest to Shanhai City.

The lord Heise Pifeng was a vicious person.

It wasn't hard to imagine that these 6 territories held significant strategic land in the Lianzhou basin and would be the most significant obstacle to Shanhai City claiming control.

Their meeting was to create an alliance. The 6 of them stayed at Broken Blade Town for an entire day and officially formed the Sky Knife Alliance. This alliance used a dual-leader style, and the two leaders were Ba Dao and Xiaofeng Canyue.

Apart from that, Tianfeng Town, Yongye Town, and Guangshui Town had formed a triangle while the other three formed another. The Sky Knife Alliance was already split between two parties.

The 6 members of the alliance surrounded Shanhai City from many directions. Their goal was to work together to clean Shanhai City out. If not, as Shanhai City continued to develop, they wouldn't have a place to stand on in Lianzhou Basin.

The Sky Knife Alliance was a typical military deal. The alliance deal was to not fight amongst themselves before they dealt with Shanhai City. At the same time, in future territory battles, everyone must work together and chase out the lords from the territories which were weaker than them.

This was the typical big fish eating small fish. The small fish were scared, and allied to attack the big fish while also not forgetting to eat the little shrimps to strengthen themselves.

This kind of an interesting situation would be the norm in territorial wars. After all, such conflicts were cruel, and it was either you die, or I die, there was nothing much to be said.

Whether or not the Sky Knife Alliance would achieve their goal, only time would tell.

About this kind of an undercurrent, Ouyang Shuo knew nothing, but he was a step ahead and asked the Military Intelligence Division to gather information about the other lords. When the time came, he would destroy anyone who dared to stand in the way of Shanhai City.



* * *





Chapter 172




Chapter 172: TWO Chapter 172 - Mountain Barbarian Settlement

Chapter 172 - Mountain Barbarian Settlement

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

On the 5th day of the 6th month, Shanhai City had finally ended their raider operation.

The 10 day raider operation started by the mixed regiment had obtained great rewards. It earned a total of 2500 gold and 3000 prisoners, as well as large amounts of grain and equipment.

As for special items, apart from that heavy armored infantry token, they also obtained a territory specially scroll.

Territory specialty scroll (3): After use, agriculture production increases by 10%.

There were a total of 6 territory specialty scrolls. Shanhai City had already obtained the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th ones, and only hadn't got the 1st, 5th, and 6th ones.

Out of which, the first raised the refugee attraction rate, the 5th raised the levelling speed, and the last one raised the chances of talents breaking the bottleneck, all of which were very important.

The gold earned was basically the cost of the military expansion. Of course, the large amounts of payments were due to the salaries from expanding the army.

In the current Shanhai City, the vanguard unit’s salary was born by Friendship Town, the Beihai naval fleet by Beihai Town, and Langshan protection unit didn't have any salary. Hence the city only needed to provide salaries to the mixed regiment, the city protection unit, and the god machine unit.

Even so, Shanhai City's monthly expenditure still reached 2000 gold.

3000 prisoners, 250 of which were water bandits which were sent to Beihai Town, and sent to be reserves for the Beihai Naval fleet. With this, the reserve squad of the third squadron of the Beihai naval fleet had reached max members. The moment Beihai Town upgraded to Beihai City, these reserve troops would change class to form the 3rd unit.

The remaining prisoners, apart from a minority who were chosen by the Military Affairs Department and sent into the reserve troops, were sent to build the 2nd city wall. Once the project ended, they would be sent to either the brick kiln or the pottery workshop.

After the raider operation had ended, the selection for the lord manor Guards had officially started. Before it began, Ouyang Shuo had spread that the salary of the Guards would be twice that of any other.

Honor and money. These two temptations weren't things any good man could resist.

Ouyang Shuo specially arranged Wang Feng to pick some high rank elites who didn't want to change class to basic general. Based on his understanding, if the rank 9 elite soldier didn't choose to change class, then there was a chance they could upgrade to a war elite.

In the afternoon while Ouyang Shuo was reading, the director of Internal Affairs Tian Wenjing, who had got on the job not long ago, walked in.

"Sire, congratulations!" Tian Wenjing couldn't hide his happiness.

"Oh, what good news?" It wasn't often he saw this director happy, making Ouyang Shuo very curious.

"There was news from Xuanniao tribe that a small sized tribe was willing to come

down the mountains and build a settlement in our territory." Tian Wenjing laughed.

Ever since the Jifeng tribe was destroyed, Tian Wenjing was appointed as the territory ambassador and put in charge of matters regarding the mountain barbarians.

The newly set up Internal Affairs Department and changing the director of the Material Reserves department. He didn't hand over this job regarding the mountain barbarians to the new Material Reserves Department. Instead, Tian Wenjing was still in charge.

Ouyang Shuo co

nsidered that firstly it wasn't easy for Tian Wenjing to get close to the mountain barbarians, and changing someone halfway would mean starting over. Secondly, this fell nicely in the role of the Internal Affairs Department, which was suppose to deal with population control.

After the 1st day of the 5th month’s holiday, Ouyang Shuo started to daringly change the mountain barbarian policy. He shifted the relatives of the mountain barbarian warriors to Shanhai Town, and also recommended mountain barbarians to come down the mountain to work or move to Shanhai Town.

Today, after nearly a month, that strategy had shown some results.

"Which tribe is it?" Ouyang Shuo asked.

"It's one of the 8 tribes that agreed to work with us in the 3rd batch. This tribe was because the mountain barbarians and the grain payment were a one time off thing and wasn't like Xuanniao tribe and the 3 tribes in the second batch who could get remuneration from Langshan mines. Hence, after they used up the grain, they were once again back to the start." Tian Wenjing explained.

Ouyang Shuo nodded, expressing that he understood.

Xuanniao tribe was the first mountain barbarian tribe to work together with Shanhai City. As such, they’d gained the most. Their men not only took up the big positions in the mines, but also had an increase in influence on surrounding tribes, replacing the destroyed Jifeng tribe and becoming the leader of this small region.

The 2nd batch of tribes that worked with Shanhai City were 3 small tribes. It was also during that time when Jifeng tribe rejected the friendship of Shanhai City, and when the future animosity started. Men from these 3 tribes were sent to Langshan mines, and as such their living conditions had been improved.

The 3rd batch of tribes that worked with Shanhai City were tribes that had no choice after seeing Shanhai City destroy the Jifeng tribe. Of this batch, there were a total of 2 medium tribes and 6 small tribes.

For this batch of tribes, because the Langshan mine was already full, hence they only obtained a one-time payment and relied on picking herbs on the mountains in return for grain. Adding the fact that their best soldiers joined Shanhai City, it made hunting for food a lot more difficult.

Hence it was understandable if these tribes from the 3rd batch couldn't resist the temptation. After all, any person would want to be able to live without needing to worry about food and money.

If it was before when everyone was the same and was struggling, there would be nothing for people to envy. However, because of the Langshan minefields, it split the tribes into two. A rich and poor divide was formed.

Adding that these tribes had tasted the good stuff from the grain that Shanhai Town had given them, giving their tribe a period when they had sufficient food, and now having them go back to before was something no one would be willing to endure.

Furthermore, there was Tian Wenjing at the side who was constantly persuading them, finally causing a tribe to be unable to resist and throw aside their mountain barbarian custom and be willing to live in Shanhai City.

After thinking carefully about the whole process, Ouyang Shuo was more and more confident in his strategy. In it there were rewards, including carrots and sweets, unleashing the strategy to perfection.

"How many people does this tribe have?" Ouyang Shuo continued.

"Around 1800 people."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. This number of people was considered little even amongst small tribes. "House this tribe at Qiushui town. It’s closer to their old home and the difference isn't that huge so they can adapt. The future tribes that decide to come down will also be housed there. I'll tell Qiushui Town and order them to work with the Internal Affairs Department to choose a location for the building project."

"Understood!"

"In this mountain barbarian affair, you have done very well and I'm very pleased. However, we can't be content with the current situation and must continue to convince more and more of them to come down and join Shanhai City."

"Sire don't worry, I won't let you down!" Tian Wenjing promised solemnly.

After Tian Wenjing left, Ouyang Shuo started to write a letter to the head of Qiushui Town, Zhao Dexian.

In the letter he wrote that the settlement would follow the standard grade 1 town, and that it would be mainly for agriculture. He wrote that they must have sufficient farming lands, and even if reclamation needed to be done, that it must be rushed such that at the end of the 7th month the 2nd season of rice planting could begin.

Apart from that, Qiushui Town needed to provide sufficient farming tools. If they had farming cows they could also lend it to the settlement to reclaim land. They must also send experienced farmers to teach and advise the newcomers.

These mountain barbarians did not have any farming experience, and if Qiushui Town's agriculture industry wanted to rise, it needed their help. This settlement had to be of high quality such that it could be used as a standard to attract more tribes.

Qiushui Town would be in charge of all their food, and to lessen the burden on the town, the Finance Department would give them 1000 gold in subsidies.

It was nice that the town had the water irrigation system project and the city wall building going on so they could use these mountain barbarians, following the main camp's standard to give payment.

Lastly, Ouyang Shuo mentioned in the letter that Qiushui Town needed to plan out the settlement and make preparations for when more mountain barbarian tribes came down to live in the future.

In his letter, Ouyang Shuo was very specific and had considered all points. One could see how much importance he placed on this.

After writing, he called the clerk Bai Nanpu and asked him to send it immediately to Qiushui Town. Shanhai City had specific messengers who were in charge of sending and receiving letters between territories. There were a total of 4 of them who were under the charge of Bai Nanpu.

After this, Ouyang Zhuo stood up and went to the office of the Director of Finance, raising the issue about the subsidy. This sum of money was naturally form Ouyang Shuo's pocket.

Deducting this subsidy and the 500 gold for renewing the city, Ouyang Shuo only had 2000 gold left.

At 6PM in the afternoon, Bing'er appeared punctually in Ouyang Shuo's office to ask him to eat dinner. This had already become routine. In this period of time, Bing'er had completely adapted to life in Shanhai City.

In the lord's manor, be it officials or servants, they all loved and cared for her. Adding with the fact that she was pretty, cute, and also very well behaved, it made her well loved by everyone.

Especially Er Wazi, who after getting out of school, would follow Bing'er around.

Today, she was wearing a Tang Dynasty princess dress, a pink skirt with many flowers sewn into it. This dress was naturally done by Qing'er herself.



* * *





Chapter 173




Chapter 173: TWO Chapter 173- Weakness

Chapter 173- Weakness

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

On the 6th day of the 6th month, when Ouyang Shuo went online, a system notification sounded in his ear.

"System notification: Congratulations player Chun Shenjun for becoming the second player in the Chinese region to upgrade to rank 1 city, rewarded 2000 merit points!"

"System notification: Congratulations player Chun Shenjun for becoming the second player in the Chinese region...."

"System notification: Congratulations player Chun Shenjun..."

After half a month, China had finally birthed its second grade 1 city.

In this period around the globe, there were already 5 grade 1 cities. Out of the top 10 territories, apart from Sanli Town, Bengalore Town, Free Town, and Handan Town who failed their test, the remaining 6 all successfully upgraded.

The other territories closed the lead of Shanhai City.

After Chun Shenjun and Pill Sun City upgraded, Ouyang Shuo ridiculed in the group. "Guys when are you all going to apply to upgrade, you can't lag behind too much."

Out of the 5 allies, Mulan Town and Black Lion Town were only grade 2 towns, a fair distance away from upgrading. Xunlong Town had just upgraded to grade 3 town so they would be that fast.

The ones with the most hope were Fallen Phoenix Town and Consonance Town that had upgraded to grade 3 town a long time ago.

"I’m prepared to wait for one more week." Bai Hua replied first.

"Then Fengwu?"

"Wuyi, I was just about to look for you." Feng Qiuhuang replied first.

"Oh?"

"I had just applied, and the 9th will be when the raider attack comes.

"That is a good thing, what do you want me to do?"

"Everything is ok. I just need to borrow your 3 bow 8 cow bed crossbow."

Ouyang Shuo didn't hesitate. "No problem. Recently, the bow and crossbow division made another set so along with the other 2 sets. I'll lend them all to you. I'll also send the major of the god machine unit to teach you how to use it."

"That's great. I was still worrying about how to train my men." Feng Qiuhuang was delighted.

"When you all apply to upgrade, tell me. I'll lend them to you too."

"Yay, chief is the best!" Mu Lanyue was fooling around again.

"He is the best +1!" That was Siege Lion.

"He is the best +2!"

"He is the best +3!"

……

Ouyang Shuo was a bit speechless. He didn't know that the two goddesses would join in too. The reason he did that was that he hoped everyone would successfully upgrade and raise the ability of Shanhai Alliance.

"Wuyi, let me tell you news." Feng Qiuhuang said.

"What news?"

"Including my family, the various powers older generation have all entered the game. Although they won't go into the spotlight, they will be planning and be scheming from the back. So towards Di Chen and the others, you need to be careful." Feng Qiuhuang reminded.

"Relax, I'll pay attention." These kinds of circumstances were what Ouyang Shuo had expected, and as such he was very calm.

"And also, don't think that just because the exchange platform closed that everything is good. The strength and power of the families are far more than expected. Originally, many of the elites were working and occupied with the businesses. Now they have all entered the game as well. With this group of experienced people, the territories will be run better, and their abilities might

not be worse than some historical personnel. Especially in finance and business matters." As Ouyang Shuo was very casual with his reply, Feng Qinhuang became more earnest.

Others wouldn't know, but she was sure that Ouyang Shuo wasn't a descendant of some hidden power. When the reality is already so chaotic, any secret person would have no choice but to surface and who else would be like Ouyang Shuo and become more and more secretive.

Feng Qiuhuang looked up to this ally, and didn't want him to underestimate his opponents.

What Feng Qiuhuang said were all things that Ouyang Shuo already knew.

Not only that, but Ouyang Shuo also new that Zhanlang's Blood Red Town had recently surged in strength. This was because a group of military men had joined the town and formed a professional army.

These men were many times more disciplined and skilled than the original NPCs, especially regarding intelligence gathering and special warfare.

Not only that, their general's ability to command was not weaker than that of the olden generals. It could even be said to be better in some areas. Their only weakness was that they didn't have the cultivation techniques and specialties of the NPCs, and were weaker in combat power.

This was equal to Blood Red Town directly obtaining an elite force and some historical scholars and generals, so this was such a scary situation.

As for the other members of the original Six Tyrants of Handan, they all became stronger. It wouldn't take long for all of them to rise to grade 1 cities. What made Ouyang Shuo interested was that after the migration, in reality, Di Chen would have lost the upper hand over Sha Pojun. He was interested in what would happen between those two.

If it wasn't for his hard work early in the game, now Shanhai City wouldn't even have the rights to challenge them. Only because he had started producing and nurturing residents and officials since the grade 1 village could he now stand a chance.

Luckily, he still had some methods. If not, he would have to give up the throne in the Chinese region.

The weaknesses of these big powers were that no matter how strong they were, they had to conform to the rules of the game. And talking about the understanding of the game, no one could come close to Ouyang Shuo.

For example, those financial elites were entering the game, but the game didn't have a stock market and also didn't have a modern bank, only ancient ones. They didn't even have a base of capital, making it hard for them to try anything. Of course, if they were pulled over to the Four Seas bank, then the rise in management skills would be very apparent.

Another example would be the professional farmers who could naturally improve the water irrigation systems. However, if they wanted to make some mix of rice to raise the yield, then it would be impossible. As for fertilizers and pesticides, it was impossible for them to appear.

"Thank you for your reminder!" Ouyang Shuo understood her care and concern.

The topic that she raised up made the atmosphere very cold and severe. Out of the 6 members of the Shanhai Alliance, only she had a strong family background, and the rest were commoners.

Initially, all these things were topics that they didn't talk about. But today she brought out the advantages of the strong powers. It apparently made the others feel suppressed.

"Ok la, we don't need to give up. As long as we continue discovering and nurturing, there will never be a lack of talent. Even without elite players, we can make use of residents to manage the territory well. Also, the residents respect the lords and are loyal to them. This is something players couldn't do." Ouyang Shuo cheered everyone on.

"I feel that Wuyi is right. Shanhai City only has one Wuyi, and he managed to stand atop of the world. With this, we can see that the potential of the residents is enormous, the key would be how we use it and nurture them." Bai Hua agreed with his view.

"I also support brother Wuyi. Sister Mu is so good!" Mu Lanyue followed and said.

Hearing them put it that way, Siege Lion and Xunlong Dianxue became a lot more relaxed. What Ouyang Shuo could provide was after all, limited. After all, in order to travel far, one must still rely on themselves and walk their own paths.

"Brothers and sisters, are you all lacking money? My Mulan Town is so poor, sister Mu wants to expand the army, but we can't get enough gold to change class." Mu Lanyue was sounding depressed and revealed her situation.

Towards this smart girl, Ouyang Shuo’s heart felt very pained. "Yue Yue, if you lack money, brother can lend you some."

"I don't want it. Although you have money, Shanhai City is so big and has so many forces to feed, I don't want to take up your funds." Mu Lanyue directly rejected.

"Since that's the case I’ve got a suggestion for you to think about."

"What suggestion?"

"You all know that Shanhai City has a bank called the Four Seas bank, right?"

"En, yes I know."

"My suggestion is to open a branch in your town and provide low-interest loans. Not only would that solve your money problems and also earn profits for Shanhai City, a win-win situation. You also don't need to feel guilty. Of course, the economic power of Mulan Town will slowly be controlled by the bank." Ouyang Shuo made it very clear that there were pros and cons.

"I'll discuss with Sister Mu before I tell you."

"Of course."

Hearing the conversation between those two, the other 4 were silent. Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang temporarily didn't lack funds. Siege Lion and Xunlong Dianxue, on the other hand, were facing similar problems to Mu Lanyue.

However, just as Ouyang Shuo said, allowing the Four Seas Bank to run in your territory would be giving up the economic control of your territory, needing courage and a lot of trust.

In truth even if Siege Lion and Xunlong Dianxue agreed, Ouyang Shuo wouldn't allow it.

Ouyang Shuo agreed with Mulan Yue only because they were both in Lianzhou Basin, and were destined to merge. To connect the economies earlier would be beneficial to the future merge.

Additionally, he wanted to make use of the Four Seas Bank to help Mulan Town grow quickly. Only with its swift growth would it be able to defend the Zhennan Pass.



* * *





Chapter 174




Chapter 174: TWO Chapter 174 - Zhennan Pass

Chapter 174 - Zhennan Pass

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Mu Lanyue switched off the Alliance channel and went to look for Mu Guiying, telling her about Ouyang Shuo's suggestion.

After hearing what she said, Mu Guiying kept silent and didn't utter a word. Apparently, this was a difficult choice. Based on her original intention, she wished for Mulan Town to be able to run independently. But now because of the lack of funds, the town had been progressing slowly and her time and effort had been diverted, making her unable to focus on the military.

After a long while, she looked towards Mu Lanyue. "Xiaoyue, let me ask you, how much do you trust your brother Wuyi? Apart from allies, do you have any other feelings for him?"

Mu Lanyue was stunned and didn't understand why she would suddenly ask that. As she trusted her thoroughly, even if she found it weird she would answer adequately. "Brother Wuyi is an ally and also a brother. Although he isn't my real brother, I can feel that he is sincere and real."

Mu Guiying nodded. "Then let me ask you, as for the future of Mulan Town, how do you consider it? Both us and Shanhai City are in the Lianzhou Basin and are bound to face each other one day."

"I don't want to hide it from sister, but I've thought about this problem. Sister, you already know that Father and Mother will be separated from me for a long time so I need to run Mulan Town to make them proud of me when they return. As for the future, merging into Shanhai City would be the best choice. However, before that, I want to use my own ability to run Mulan Town well." Mu Lanyue gave such a reply.

"I understand. Since it's like that, I agree to open a branch of Four Seas Bank in Mulan Town. I can also focus more of my energy on the raiders and nurture an elite force for our territory to defend the Zhennan Pass."

Mu Lanyue was ecstatic. "Ok, I'll go tell brother Wuyi."

After receiving her reply, Ouyang Shuo got up and went into Yingyu's office.

"Big brother!" Yingyu stood up and invited Ouyang Shuo to sit.

After he sat down, he described the thing about Mulan Town to her and said, "Yingyu, I would like to shift Yang Yun from Beihai Town and send her to Mulan Town. What are your thoughts?"

Cui Yingyu took a moment before smiling. "I think it's okay. She was part of the building of the Four Seas Bank and is clear about how it runs. She also took charge of the Beihai Town branch and accumulated a lot of experience."

"Ok, then send a letter with the authority of the Financial Department for her to return to the main camp. As for the person to replace her, the Financial Department can decide that."

"Understood." Yingyu nodded and asked, "Big brother, on the side of Mulan Town, how much gold are you going to prepare?"

To that question, Ouyang Shuo had a rough draft. "If we prepare too little, it won't do. The first sum will be set at 2000, which is all our spare cash. This sum should be able to last for a while. When it's used up, then we will invest further."

"I agree." Yingyu was from a business family and she was clear that once the bank was settled, it was a money vacuum, the early investment was needed for future returns, and as such, she agreed.

……

At 2 PM, Wang Yuanfeng brought 3 sets of 3 bow 8 cow bed crossbow and teleported to Fallen Phoenix Town. After sending him off, Ouyang Shuo returned to the lord's manor.

At 4 PM, Yang Yun had returned to Shanhai City and rushed straight back to the lord's office.

After Ouyang S

huo told her about her new appointment, he reminded her. "Mulan Town’s lord Mu Lanyue is my friend, and this branch opening is a normal business activity. When you are there, you must be neutral and not interfere with their economic matters and not much of their management affairs. Do you understand?"

The Four Seas Bank was a sharp dagger, and if the wielder didn't have a clear head, it could cause substantial damage. Ouyang Shuo naturally trusted Yang Yun, but because of the significance, he still had to remind her.

She nodded her head solemnly. " Don't worry sire. I understand what to do."

"That's good." Ouyang Shuo waved her off and said, "What I need to say has already been mentioned. It's not early already, so you should make a trip to Director Cui and see if she has anything for you. Tomorrow morning, I'll personally send you to Mulan Town.”

"Yes!" Yang Yun replied and took her leave.

Yang Yun wasn't sent alone. Apart from her, the Financial Department chose two elite personnel to be her helpers. As for the preparation job for the Four Seas Bank there, Mu Lanyue would be in charge, including the selection of the basic workers.

At the Mulan Town teleportation formation, Mu Lanyue and Mu Guiying waited.

After both sides met, Ouyang Shuo introduced both parties. If the Four Seas Bank wanted to do well here, it had to have her support, and they would have many opportunities to work together. This was why Ouyang Shuo had to help them build a bridge.

Ouyang Shuo let Yang Yun and her two helpers discuss with Mu Lanyue about the Four Seas Bank, while he walked out of Mulan Town and towards Zhennan Pass under the company of Mu Guiying.

Zhennan Pass was 20 kilometers away from Mulan Town, and it guarded the only route from Lianzhou Basin to the Guangxi region. Now it was taken by a bunch of mountain thieves.

At the center of the 50 meter wide canyon seen from afar, a little majestic mountain stood. The whole pass was washed by time, leaving down time’s legacies.

The Zhennan Pass was split into the main pass and the east and west side gates. The main pass was 20 meters high, 30 meters wide, and made of stone. The bottom of the pass was where the only opening was, which was 10 meters tall and 8 meters wide. It had 3 city gates which were all closed.

The main pass extended towards the side until the cliff wall. It was slightly lower at 15 meters high. Each side had a small gate which was 6 meters tall and 4 meters wide for people and goods to enter.

"General Mu, how much do you understand about the mountain thieves?"

These mountain thieves were a tumor, and Ouyang Shuo was planning to work together with Mulan Town and eradicate them and allow Mulan Town to take over.

Mu Guiying shook her head. "You should have seen that our spy has no way to even get close. The moment she gets near, she would be exposed to the guards.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and asked, "Then what do they do to survive, why doesn't Rhu come out of the pass to rob? Especially with Mulan Town within their sights, why weren't they disturbed?"

Mu Guiying frowned. "This was the part I found weird. Based on my conjecture, they probably amassed a significant amount of resources when they had taken over the pass, and it was enough to last them. Secondly was that there were people that would go through the pass, and they’d take fees which were enough for them to survive. Hence that's why they were cooped inside and rarely came out to rob. After all, they were people too, and unless that had no choice, they wouldn’t risk going out to rob and kill others.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and agreed with Mu Guiying's conjecture, laughing. "It seems like they aren't a random group of people. Their leader isn't simple. Not only can he think clearly and think far ahead, but he should also have a high prestige in the group."

"How so?" Mu Guiying was curious.

"Think about it. Just as you said, a large portion of the mountain thieves are living blissfully. That is because they were forced onto this path and had no choice. They only wanted to feed themselves and thus wouldn't be willing to take risks. However, there is also a group of evil man who finds happiness from robbing and killing. This bunch of people wouldn't be willing to be cooped up at the pass and enjoy their normal lives. The leader being able to suppress this bunch of evil men, this leader must have prestige." Ouyang Shuo explained.

Mu Guiying nodded and agreed.

"So for the long term, we must think of a way to remove them. If not, what if one day the leader couldn't control his bunch of thugs? It would be a ticking time bomb towards Mulan Town, able to explode at any time." Ouyang Shuo reminded.

"I understand, Mulan Town will increase the patrol around the Zhennan Pass, to understand their strength in the shortest amount of time."

"If you need my support just ask for it." Ouyang Shuo promised.

"Of course."

When the two of them returned to Mulan Town, Mu Lanyue was still discussing with Yang Yun about some matters. Ouyang Shuo didn't stay for long and passed the 2000 gold for the bank over to Mu Lanyue for safekeeping. After the bank was built, she would make use of the player storage function to store the gold in the bank vault.

Ouyang Shuo then returned to Shanhai City through the teleportation formation.



* * *





Chapter 175




Chapter 175: TWO Chapter 175 - Beihai City

Chapter 175 - Beihai City

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Three days later, it was the 9th day of the 6th month, and Fallen Phoenix Town had successfully upgraded to Fallen Phoenix City, becoming the 3rd grade 1 city in the Chinese region.

On the 11th day of the 6th month, The moment Ouyang Shuo went online, a system notification sounded in his ear.

"System notification: Congratulations player Zhan Lang for becoming the 4th lord in china to upgrade to grade 1 city, rewarded 1600 merit points!"

"System notification: Congratulations player Zhan Lang for becoming the 4th lord in china..."

"System notification: Congratulations player Zhan Lang..."

As expected, Blood Red Town, which was supported by the military, had suddenly showed their strength and succeeded in upgrading.

Being provoked by Zhan Lang, Bai Hua couldn’t resist and decided to apply 3 days earlier, which meant that Fallen Phoenix Town would welcome the raider attack on the 6th month 13th day.

Which meant that Wang Yuanfeng, who had just returned from Fallen Phoenix City was sent to Consonance Town to help arrange and teach them how to use the bed crossbows.

The Four Seas Bank at Mulan Town had officially opened yesterday. Mu Lanyue directly borrowed 1000 gold in the name of Mulan Town to use to expand the military and build the city wall. The remaining 1000 gold was left for the various individuals in the town for their shops and workshops.

On the same day, Beihai Town had reached the max population of 10 thousand people, and officially upgraded to Beihai City. The upgrading of affiliate villages didn't need to take the system test. As long as they met the requirements, they could automatically upgrade.

After Beihai City’s upgrade, Ouyang Shuo imemedately appointed Gu Xiuwen as the Beihai City county magistrate . At the same time, he ordered that his administrative level would be equal to the directors of the main camp.

Before the upgrade, the various heads of the affiliate villages didn't have titles, what they were called weren't fixed, and their administrative powers also weren't confirmed.

Using the chance, Ouyang Shuo shaped the management of the affiliate territories, while also letting go of some authority. The various directors and the county magistrates of the grade 1 counties were all under the direct charge of the lord. The lord would not interfere in the country magistrate's affiliate territory, and he would report everything to the Administration Department in the main camp.

The administrative powers of the affiliate territories were one level lower than that of the main camp. This meant that the 4 directors of the affiliate counties would be equal to the secretary of the main camp, and their secretaries would be similar to Shanhai’s vice secretaries. Their salaries would also be based on their administrative powers and not their position.

At the same time, Ouyang Shuo also drew a clear line at their administration structure. The affiliate county didn't have a Military Affairs Department and only had a Combat Logistics Division; their bank was directly controlled by the main branch of Four Seas Bank; their Material Reserves Department didn't have a Saltpan Division. The Combat Logistics Division was drafted under the jurisdiction of the Material Reserves Department.

After Beihai county upgraded, the Beihai naval fleet expanded and officially build a third unit with Lihai as the 3rd major. At the same time, Ouyang Shuo sent Pei Donglai a letter to hold selections for the 4th unit. When the time came, he would immediately send the 4th unit.

Once

the Beihai naval fleet had expanded to 4 units and a total of 2000 men, they would officially attack Yueer Island and Black Shark to pull out these poisonous teeth.

After finishing with Beihai County, Ouyang Shuo got up, left the office, and walked towards the backyard.

In it, Bing'er was playing with Blackfang.

The Blackfang today had already matured and he was strong and menacing. It had well developed muscles and strong bones. It was 75 centimetres tall and weighed 55 kilograms.

Its fur was very beautiful and high quality, glistening in the air.

The black tooth puppy was smart and active. It would occasionally try to trick his owner, and treated old people and kids very nicely. The poor Blackfang was abandoned by Ouyang Shuo. The arrival of Bing'er was like giving him a new life. She really liked him and would bring him by her side and play with it, feeding it different types of good foods.

"Brother!" Seeing Ouyang Shuo, she spread her arms wide and ran towards him.

Ouyang Shuo picked her up and smiled. "Baby, are you bored?"

Bing'er shook her head and giggled. "No, Bing'er finds it more fun here than at school."

Ouyang Shuo thought to himself, Stupid brat, of course you aren't bored, the whole territory treats you as a princess and welcomes you everywhere. Gu Sanniang often invited her to the hotel and gave her many cakes. Qing'er had made over 10 sets of dresses for her.

Even in the wood workshop, the manager who owed Ouyang Shuo a big favor. Lu Guangzhi, hearing that she was only 8, dropped the work at hand to make her a wooden toy.

As it was already the 6th month and one month away from the summer holiday, so the federal government decided to have an early holiday. Hence, the schools in the game would only open next term which was the 1st day of the 9th month.

When Bing'er found out that she had a full 3 months to play, she was delighted.

"Baby, brother will bring you to ride horses, okay?" Ouyang Shuo felt guilty. For half a month, he had spent very little time with her. If it wasn't for the fact that she was mature, he wouldn't know what would’ve happened.

"Really?" Bing'er was delighted.

"Of course."

"Yay, riding horses!"

Ouyang Shuo placed her down, grabbed her hand, and walked towards the stables. The stables today had been moved to the Wuying courtyard.

Walking in, a group of soldiers were practicing in the square. They were the Guards selected, a total of 100 members.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo, they all stopped and bowed to him.

Ouyang Shuo waved them off and asked them to continue.

The captain of the Guards Wang Feng ran across and said, "Sire."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "Wang Feng, I want to bring Bing'er out. Let someone bring out the horse."

"Yes sire!"

Ouyang Shuo turned around and walked to the lord's manor gate.

A while later, the stableman had brought Ouyang Shuo's Qingfu horse. Behind him were 4 Guard members who were also holding onto their Qingfu horses. They wore the Mingguang armor and were fully equipped.

Ouyang Shuo took the rope and used his eyes to give them a hint and ask what they were doing.

Their leader was smart and immediately said, "Sire, captain told us that when you go out we must follow you and protect you."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. Wang Feng was really caring. Ouyang Shuo didn't want to break his plan and casually said, "Then come along, but remember not to follow too closely."

"Yes sire!"

Ouyang Shuo turned around and carried Bing'er onto the horse. Following which, he got on and hugged her in front of him. Just when he wanted to leave, Blackfang ran out.

"Ya, little black, do you want to follow us?" This was what Bing'er called blackfang.

Blackfang actually accepted such a stupid name, totally not have the dignity and pride of a black wolf dog. It rushed towards Bing'er and barked twice, its back tail swinging incessantly.

Bing'er could actually understand it and turned to Ouyang Shuo. "Brother, let little black come with us!"

What else could he do but nod and agree?

Bing'er smiled happily and shouted, ",little black let's go!"

While in the city, Ouyang Shuo rode the horse slowly. On the way when the residents saw the lord bringing his sister out, they made way and also nodded to acknowledge him.

Ouyang Shuo nodded back and went out of the western gate and into the wilderness.

The second city wall was being built in the region near the western gate. Ouyang Shuo didn't disturb them, but instead went beyond the area and into the deep wilderness.

In front of him were empty plains where Ouyang Shuo started to let his horse gallop freely. Blackfang could actually keep up with the Qingfu horse’s speed, causing Ouyang Shuo to be amazed.

Bing'er sat on the horse and laid in his arms. As she saw the scenery pass by, she was elated. Her little mouth didn't stop as she talked and talked and talked.

A while later, Ouyang Shuo raised his head at the little mountain and froze. He had unknowingly actually made it to the Qingyang temple.

Since it was such a coincidence, Ouyang Shuo decided to visit the temple and the temple’s presiding priest, Ge Yan.

After getting off the horse, he carried Bing'er and passed the horse to the Guards. He walked up and knocked on the temple door.

With a click, the door opened, and a 12 to 13 year old boy bowed to Ouyang Shuo and asked, "Sir who are you? Why did you come to the temple?"

Before Ouyang Shuo could reply, the guard behind him said, "What impudence! This is the lord."

Ouyang Shuo stopped him. He obviously wouldn't blame a kid for not knowing as it was normal. "Little priest, where is Ge Yan?"

The little priest was originally very scared after being scolded. Only after seeing that the lord didn't blame him did he relax and said respectfully. "He's in the temple, please follow me."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and asked the Guards to wait outside. He held Bing'er's hand and followed behind. This was the first time Ouyang Shuo walked into the Qingyang temple. It had green stone floor, and there were green bricks, trees, and plants everywhere, giving off a simple and refreshing feeling. Ouyang Shuo nodded. This was certainly a good place for scripture cultivation.



* * *





Chapter 176




Chapter 176

Chapter 176 - Grade 2 City



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Qingyang temple, Silence room

Ouyang Shuo and Ge Yan sat face to face, cross-legged. The middle of them was a few teaware, and Ge Yan was making tea. As for Bing'er, the little priest brought her to play in the temple.

Ge Yan passed a cup of the tea that he had brewed to Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo took it, drank a mouthful and exclaimed, "Good tea!" The tea was the white tea that Ouyang Shuo had sent someone to deliver. The water, on the other hand, was Ge Yan's secret. Hence, the tea had a different taste to it.

Ge Yan smiled and didn't stay a thing, looking at Ouyang Shuo. "Sire, did you meet with some good fortune lately? On your body, I sense a smell and aura that belongs to Taoism."

Ouyang Shuo was astonished. This Ge Yan was not simple. He could detect the internal chi in his body. In this period, he practiced diligently and had already reached the second layer.

In the second layer of the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique, the upper limit of internal strength reached 1000 points. However, Ouyang Shuo could only rotate 5 cycles a day. Which meant that at this speed, he needed half a year to be able to reach the third layer.

Such a slow cultivation speed made him feel anxious. He was thinking whether his cultivation method was wrong. One must know that the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique had 12 levels, and with this speed even if the trainee 10 years, he or she wouldn’t be able to reach the peak.

Ge Yan was a Taoist and the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique could be considered Taoist, so maybe he has some methods. Ouyang Shuo thought about it. Perhaps his chance was right in front of him.

Ouyang Shuo didn't dare to take this too lightly and said respectfully, "I don't want to hide from you, I've fortunately obtained the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique. I've practiced it for a while and found that my cultivation speed is very slow. Hopefully, you can give me some tips."

Ge Yan laughed. "Sire sure has good fortune, the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique of the Taoist secret manuals is considered one of the best. Sire isn't a Taoist and doesn't read scriptures. Of course it's difficult to cultivate."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. So that was it.

Ouyang Shuo stood up and bowed to Ge Yan. "Please take me as your disciple."

Ge Yan accepted it and asked Ouyang Shuo to sit down once again. "Sire is the lord, a rank 1 earl. You are destined for greatness; I don't dare to accept you as my disciple."

Ouyang Shuo was anxious and wanted to bow once more.

Ge Yan stopped him. "Sire doesn't need to be too rash. Although I'm unable to take you as my disciple, I can teach you about Taoism. When sire goes home, as long as you explore more about Taoism, you will receive a lot of benefits.”

Ouyang Shuo calmed down, as he had finally had a method.

The two of them sat still once again, and Ge Yan started to give Ouyang Shuo a lecture about Taoism.

This lecture lasted for two hours. Finally, a system notification sounded in Ouyang Shuo's ears.

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for getting advice from Ge Yan, understanding Taoism, observing the ways of the heavens and understanding how to cultivate. As for specific details, please explore on your own."

Although the system said he had gained something, Ouyang Shuo didn't know what effects he had gotten. Only after going home and cultivating the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique would he be able to find out.

When it was closer to noon, Ouyang Shuo brought

Bing'er and had a meal at the Qingyang Temple before leaving. Before leaving, Ge Yan gave Ouyang Shuo some Taoist scriptures for him to explore and understand.

On the way back, Bing'er asked curiously, "Brother, what did you and that uncle talk about in the morning? Y'all talked for so long. I was so bored."

She was such an active and curious little brat. Ouyang Shuo laughed. "We talked about the path of cultivation."

"What is cultivation?"

"Cultivation is the school that adults go to." Ouyang Shuo could only explain it that way.

"Oh, so brother was just going to school." Hearing that, Bing'er lost all interest.

Returning to the lord's manor, Ouyang Shuo asked Bing'er to find Zisu to play with her. He went back to his room and started cultivating the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique.

After rotating one cycle, Ouyang Shuo was delighted.

Now he found that rotating one cycle could increase his internal strength by 4 points. This meant that his cultivation speed had increased by four times. Ouyang Shuo didn't dare to take it for granted and started working hard, continuing his training.

After he rotated 5 cycles, his meridians felt sore and painful. He had no choice but to stop. It seemed that Ge Yan's advice rose the quality of his internal strength but not the number of times that he could rotate it.

Even so, Ouyang Shuo was delighted. After all, he initially needed half a year to reach the third layer and now he could do it in one and a half month. As long as he persisted and studied Taoist scriptures, he could definitely raise his cultivation speed. His future was looking very bright.

After he finished his cultivation, it was already 4 PM.

He walked out of his room and into the front yard to deal with administrative matters.

……

On the 13th day of the 6th month, Consonance Town had successfully defended and became the 5th city in China.

Two days later, Shanhai City had reached the max population.

Ouyang Shuo walked into the meeting hall and softly requested to upgrade. A white light shone across, and in the middle of the hall, a golden stone steele rose from the ground. He pressed his right hand onto it, and the system notification sounded.

"System notification: checking Shanhai City upgrade requirements..."

"Requirement 1: Population has reached upper limit, requirement met!"

"Requirement 2: All basic buildings have been built, requirement met!"

"Requirement 3: Lord is at least rank 2 earl, requirement met!"

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi's Shanhai City for meeting all upgrade requirements, would you like to upgrade?"

"Upgrade!"

From the stone steele, a golden light shot up into the sky and burst apart, turning into a golden luster and spreading towards the new borders of the territory before disappearing.

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for being the first lord in China region to upgrade from grade 1 city to grade 2 city, rewarded 2200 merit points!"

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for being the first lord in the Chinese region..."

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi...."

Shanhai City had once again taken the lead and became the only grade 2 city in the Chinese region.

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for upgrading to grade 2 city. Randomly selecting 3 grade 2 city basic buildings, the player can choose one."

"System notification: Random selection completed. The buildings are Theater, Shanchuan Altar, and Sheji Altar. Please choose!"

"I choose the theater!"

"System notification: The building is automatically built. Player, please take a look!"

A white light shone across, and the golden stone steele sank back into the ground. Ouyang Shuo took the time to check the stats of Shanhai City.

【Territory】: Shanhai City (Grade 2 city)

【Lord】: Qiyue Wuyi (first class earl)

【Title】: The World’s First City (Increase town fame by 30%)

【Morale】: 94

【Security】: 92

【Refugee Spawn Rate】: 200 * (1 + 50%) = 300 / day

【Territory area】: 5000 square kilometers

【Territory Unique Characteristic】:

+50% Refugee attraction rate, +25% Special talented people attraction rate, +50% Crop production rate, +25% Productivity of workers, +20% Experience earned by troops, +10% Chances of talented people in the territory to advance a level

【Political】: 60/100 (Affecting the administrative efficiency and morale)

【Economic】: 55/100 (Affecting the trading prosperity and tax)

【Cultural】: 55/100 (Affecting the education development and quality of residents)

【Military】: 60/100 (Affecting the military strength and stability)

【Subsidiary Village】: Beihai city, Qiushui town, Friendship town

【Territory fund】: Four Sea Bank

【Territory Association】: Textile Association, Fisherman Association

【Territory Industry Properties】: Bei Mu Saltpan, Langshan Mine, West City Ranch, Jifeng Valley horse stables

【Territory Specialties】: Lianzhou three flower wine, Colored silk, White tea

【Special Building】: Lianzhou College, Beihai Bay, Sangu hotel, Qingyang Guan

【Hidden Building】: Ma Zu Temple (Sealed), Recruitment Hall, Yellow Emperor Temple

Basic buildings list:

【Theater】: A building used for theatrical performances. Building requirements: Troupe, Theater building blueprints, 8000 units of wood, 4000 units of green brick, 5000 units of stone. Building time: 10 days. (Note: This building was built automatically)

Chess courtyard: A courtyard to play chess. Building requirements: Chess player, Chess courtyard building blueprints, 8000 units of wood, 4000 units of green brick, 5000 units of stone. Building time: 10 days.

Shanchuan Altar: Palace to pray to and respect god Xiannong. Building requirements: Shanchuan building blueprints, 2000 units of wood, 8000 units of green brick, 8000 units of stone. Building time: 10 days.

Sheji Altar: A place to pray and respect God She and God Ji. Building requirements: Sheji building blueprints, 2000 units of wood, 8000 units of green brick, 8000 units of stone. Building time: 10 days

Calendar altar: A place to worship the spirits and gods. Building requirements: Calendar altar building blueprints, 2000 units of wood, 8000 units of green brick, 8000 units of stone. Building time: 10 days

All the 5 basic buildings for a grade 2 city were all culture buildings. Even at grade 1 city, the culture buildings were the main basic buildings.

The Shanchuan Altar, Sheji Altar and calendar altar were the three altars that a city needed to have. Shanchuan Altar was located in the southern suburbs outside the city, known as South Altar; Sheji Altar was in the northwest suburbs, known as the west altar; the Calendar Altar was in the northern suburbs and known as the North Altar.



* * *





Chapter 177




Chapter 177

Chapter 177 - Murderous Intentions



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Out of the 5 basic buildings for a grade 2 city, the theater was automatically built, and the 3 altars only needed blueprints. The most annoying one had to be the chess courtyard as it required chess players, which needed an element of luck.

For the basic buildings for a grade 2 city, each blueprint was sold for 500 gold on the market.

These building blueprints, including the grade 1 city blueprints, were very difficult to obtain from raider camps. This was because such cultural buildings had nothing to do with raiders. Hence, the raider operation did not give Ouyang Shuo any blueprints that he could make use of.

Hence, to buy all the blueprints for the grade 2 town, he needed 2000 gold.

The population's upper limit of a grade 2 city had increased so much that based on the current refugee spawn rate, it needed 100 days before it would be reached. Hence, Ouyang Shuo needed to increase his population through other means.

Definitely, to other lords, upgrading to grade 3 city there was also a huge gap which was the rank restriction. Out of all the grade 1 cities in the Chinese region, apart from Ouyang Shuo, the others were still rank 2 earl. Zhan Lang and Bai Hua's rank 2 earl was even obtained through the reward for upgrading to grade 1 city.

To rank up from rank 2 earl to rank 1 earl, the merit points required were impossible to obtain from just the main map. Hence they were a long way away from rank 1 earl.

Which meant that even if they were able to reach the population upper limit and become a grade 2 city, it would just stop there.

One could imagine how intense the competition would be at the next battle quest.

The rank restriction had also shown during the batch of lords that had just upgraded to grade 1 township. This bunch of players from start to finish, at every upgrade of their territory, they weren't given any rewards and as such could only attack raider camps to earn limited merit points.

Hence, for them to upgrade to a grade 2 township was very difficult.

The pyramid effect was slowly showing. The importance of the rank was also slowly starting to gain attention.

The territory area of a grade 2 city had reached 5000 square kilometers, and Lianzhou Basin took up 240 thousand square kilometers. This meant that Shanhai Town had taken up 1/48 of the Lianzhou Basin. Ignoring the area that the nomads took up, the chances of Shanhai City overlapping with other territories were very massive.

As expected, on the second day after Shanhai City upgraded, the Military Intelligence secretary Songsan came into Ouyang Shuo's office.

"Sire I have important military information."

Ouyang Shuo was shocked, quickly saying, "Speak!"

Song San gathered his words before saying, "Last month, the investigation that sire asked the Military Intelligence Division to conduct has had some progress. After the territory upgraded, the few territories around us had already become right at our new border.

"Please be more specific!" Ouyang Shuo didn't show any emotions.

"Yes, sire!" Song San carried on. "These batches of territories are on our east and west sides. The west side had 5 grade 1 villages, and the east has 3. These are all grade 3 villages."

"How are the defenses of these villages?" Ouyang Shuo was ready to kill.

"These grade 3 villages have already reached the upper population limit, have one or two squadrons of protection troops, mostly made up of basic sword shield soldiers, and some are even militiamen. As for defenses, they are all simple fences which are the same as nothing to us." Song San understood what Ouyang Shuo wanted to hear.

&quo

t;Then we don't need to hesitate, remove them." Ouyang Shuo had decided, turning to Songsan. "At 4 PM, organize an emergency meeting to plan related matters. You and Leng Qian should join."

"Yes, sire!"

After Song San said goodbye and left, Ouyang Shuo called the clerk Bai Nanpu and asked him to inform the Military Affairs Director Ge Hongliang, mixed regiment colonel Shi Wanshui, and the 5 majors to join the emergency military meeting.

4 PM, lord's manor meeting hall

After Songsan and Leng Qian reported about the player territories to the east and west, Ouyang Shuo said, "We have to destroy these players before they become threats. As for the specific operation, does the Military Affairs Department have any ideas?"

"What ideas can we have sire, this thing will be passed to the mixed regiment, and it will be done beautifully." Ge Hongliang hadn't said anything but Shi Wanshui started blabbering.

Ouyang Shuo frowned and scolded, "What are you doing, are you trying to rebel?"

If it wasn’t for the 5 majors of the mixed regiment being there, Ouyang Shuo might’ve been even harsher.

Ouyang Shuo noticed that ever since he became a colonel, Shi Wanshui had paid less attention and respect to the Military Affairs Director. Hence, he was furious.

He couldn't allow his leaders to be so arrogant, even a special level general like Shi Wanshui. Hence, he needed to crush that kind of attitude before it starts to spread.

One shouldn’t look at Ouyang Shuo and his cultured and gentle appearance, once he got angry, everyone in the military was afraid of him. Even Shi Wanshui didn't speak when he was chided by Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shyo didn't want to make him look too bad and looked warmly at Ge Hongliang. "Director Ge, please speak."

Ge Hongliang apparently understood what was going on, but he still felt embarrassed. Although Ouyang Shuo trusted him, he wasn't a war general like Shi Wanshui was and just stayed cooped up on the city walls. Ge Hongliang calmed himself down and asked, "As for when to use the troops, does sire have any demands?"

Ouyang Shuo froze. "By the end of this month we must end the battle." The reason why Ouyang Shuo wanted to end it by this month was that, in the 7th month, the players would become level 0 and lose all their items when they died. As the first player to start a war, he would undoubtedly receive a lot of backlashes.

Zhu Hongliang nodded. "The old people said, before one faced the outside, one should ensure that their internal area is peaceful. Since we still have some time, I suggest using 10 days to destroy the raider camps in the territory. Seeing that the 7th month is going to come and the rice crops are going to be harvested, we must first protect them and ensure that they won't be eyed by raiders near the border. Additionally, as the territory size increases, the settlement must also move outwards. We can't only develop one core area in this 5000 square kilometers of land. Only by clearing out the raiders and ensuring internal safety can one set up new settlements and reclaim more farmland."

Ouyang Shuo was pleased. He raised his head and looked at everyone else. "Do you all understand Director Ge’s words?"

"Understood!" Everyone replied in unison.

"You are all generals and not purely soldiers. Although killing on the battlefield is important, to become a famous general, one must think and consider things from a higher perspective. Today, Director Zhu gave all of you a lesson. I hope all of you remember it in your hearts." Ouyang Shuo warned once again. However, he didn't specifically mention Shi Wanshui's name.

"Yes, sire!"

After the military meeting ended, Ouyang Shuo returned to his office. The territory had upgraded, and there was still a bunch of things for him to deal with.

Beihai City’s magistrate Gu Xiuwen sent a letter to ask for a sum of money from the main camp to be used to construct their first city wall. Beihai City's city wall would follow the standards set by the second wall of Shanhai City: 5 kilometers long, 12 meters high and 6 meters wide.

Apart from that, Gu Xiuwen also asked if he could start to build affiliate territories for Beihai City.

After Shanhai City upgraded, the 3 grade 1 townships could further develop 3 affiliate territories on their own, only that Ouyang Shuo didn't let them.

The reason was that the current Shanhai City, Beihai City, Qiushui Town, and Friendship Town were too close to one another. Like what Ge Hongliang said, to only develop one region and not make good use of the new space in the territory was an absolute waste.

The position of the affiliate territories couldn't be moved. If one said that for the first 3 affiliate territories Ouyang Shuo had a strategic consideration, then the second tier of affiliate territories Ouyang Shuo wasn't prepared to do so so quickly. He wanted to wait till the territory reached a Cherian scale before building the second tier affiliate territories.

Affiliate territories wasn't a never-ending cycle. A second tier was the max which meant that the future territory could only have 9 more affiliated territories. If not, Ouyang Shuo wouldn't have thought about building settlements to split the population to open up more land.

The difference between a settlement and an affiliate territory would be that an affiliate territory could grow and expand, every day having new refugees come in. A settlement was going to remain the same as how it was built. The growth of its population could only depend on the residents giving birth.

Similarly, if a player attacked other territories and claimed it as their own, they would lose their growing ability and become a significant settlement. The territory teleportation formation would also disappear.

This was also the reason why Ouyang Shuo didn't destroy other territories earlier. Not only did it make use of personnel, even if he succeeded in the attack and got rid of some territories, he also wouldn't be able to get anything. It would be a waste of time. The populations of these village-grade territories were even lesser than that of the mountain barbarian tribes or raider camps.

Even less needed to be said about the quality of the prisoners, as most of them were just commoners. Those special talents had loyalty to their original lords, so it wasn't an easy thing to make them work for you.



* * *





Chapter 178




Chapter 178: TWO Chapter 178- Cultivating Poison

Chapter 178- Cultivating Poison



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora



One could describe Ouyang Shuo's strategy toward the territories at his border as cultivating poison.

Ouyang Shuo had always viewed Lianzhou Basin as something he owned. He wouldn't allow any others to corrupt it. The other territories in Lianzhou Basin weren't even on the same level as the Shanhai City.

After all, destroying their territories would mean losing that important growth stat. Hence, Ouyang Shuo naturally wouldn't be too rash. Instead, he just watched closely as these territories developed. They were similar to a blood-making machine which provided the Lianzhou Basin with refugees.

He had to wait for the basins to start and connect with Shanhai City. Only then could he possibly spy on and see some of the secrets of his territory. After that, Ouyang Shuo would make a move and remove them from Lianzhou Basin.

To protect the secrets of Shanhai City, Ouyang Shuo needed to create a manmade empty region between the City and the other players' territory. This would prevent other players from infiltrating his territory.

This region was similar to the cans used to raise venomous insects, which separated it from the master.

Of course, to raise venomous insects, one needed to have absolute strength and also great cultivating methods. Otherwise, the insect you raised might kill you instead. Ouyang Shuo wanted to be the insect rearer of Lianzhou basin, but this was something the sky blade alliance definitely wouldn't agree to.

Without a doubt, Ouyang Shuo rejected the request from Beihai City to build affiliate territories.

As for the monetary request to build the city wall, they could only collect the profits early. These were the earnings in the first half of the 6th month from Langshan mine and Northern Saltpan.

Shanhai City earned money quickly but spent it even quicker.

Ouyang Shuo used red ink to jot down his thoughts on Gu Xiuwen's letter. As for the monetary request, he would provide 500 gold. Beihai City would have to solve the rest themselves.

Following this, the clerk Bai Nanpu followed Ouyang Shuo's annotations and informed the various divisions and departments, which would settle it themselves.

Now, Ouyang Shuo didn't need to run to their offices when he had something to announce or inform. He wouldn’t need to ask them to make a trip to his office. When he reached City level, he had pushed for a more orderly and fast administrative process.

An example would be what had just happened. After Ouyang Shuo finished his annotations, Bai Nanpu would convey Ouyang Shuo's intentions to Cu Yingyu. She would naturally send people to collect the profits from the first half of the 6th month and give a portion to Beihai City.

After he settled the matters concerning Beihai City, Ouyang Shuo picked up the documents that the Qiushui Town head Zhao Dexian had sent him.

Zhao Dexian raised in the letter that they had built the mountain barbarian settlement. That small-sized mountain barbarian tribe had moved into the settlement. Zhou Dexian had sent the needed living items and farming tools.

Tian Wenjing was a genius. After building the settlement, he gathered many of the mountain barbarian tribes. In the name of giving them a tour, he brought them to view the settlement.

They saw many green brick houses, granaries filled with grain, chickens, ducks and other poultry in the courtyard, bunches of vegetable lands, the vast plains outside the settlement....

All this amazed the barbarians viewing t

he mountain.

Compared to their tough lives in the mountains, this settlement looked like paradise on earth.

Not only that, but Zhao Dexian had also sufficiently understood what Ouyang Shuo wanted, so he followed the standards of the tribe witch to build a very majestic ancestral temple.

All these factors added up would definitely make one touched and amazed. On the spot, there were two small tribes that expressed their willingness to migrate to Shanhai City. Additionally, one mid-sized tribe and two other small tribes said that they would discuss with their people before they made a decision.

Such a bountiful harvest made Ouyang Shuo delighted.

When the two small tribes migrated down, Qiushui town would reach the population upper limit. Then, they would become that 2nd affiliate territory after Beihai City to upgrade. Not only that, the increase in manpower meant that the grain production for the next half year would increase.

Ouyang Shuo noted in the letter to provide Qiushui Town with an additional 1000 gold for the building of future settlements.

Now, it seemed like out of the three affiliate territories, friendship Town was lacking. Although they succeeded in building a trading market, the nomads valued their Qingfu horses highly and wouldn't easily sell them.

Furthermore, the purchasing value of the Qingfu horse was incredibly strong. The 200 horses traded from the Tianfeng tribe allowed them to obtain enough resources to use for a long time. It was currently summer, and it was the best time to let the animals graze, so the herders were all busy and didn't have time to trade.

Hence, the trading market was very cold and didn't reach the expectations of Town head Zhou Haichen.

After he read this letter, Ouyang Shuo had some thoughts.

It seemed like to remove the huge rock—the nomads—relying purely on trading was impossible. Most crucially, he would also need to make use of military might for it to have a chance of success.

With these thoughts in mind, Ouyang Shuo immediately sent a letter to the military affairs department and the city north barracks of Friendship Town. He asked them to conscript more soldiers and to expand an additional cavalry unit in half a month.

As for the main barracks, Ouyang Shuo didn't plan to expand the military. If not, it would place a huge financial burden on the territory.

The income of Friendship Town was actually very low, and they still needed to maintain a city protection unit and a north city barracks, which made them struggle. Ouyang Shuo noted in the letter to ask the Finance Department to give them 1000 gold. This gold was for military expenditures and funds to buy Qingfu horses.

With that, the three affiliate territories had spent 2500 in gold. Without the two gold gooses of the Langshan mining field and the Northern Saltpans, he wouldn't be able to carry on.

From this, one could see how difficult it was to run a territory, especially one like Shanhai City that developed together with its affiliate territories.

The grade 1 towns mostly just built mud city walls. The reason that they didn't use stone was because they didn't have the resources or the money.

After refugees entered the territory, they weren't your slaves but your residents. When the businesses were just set up, it was okay if you just provided meals as this was something they could understand.

However, after that initial stage and the town went up to grade 1 town things would change. If the lord continued to squeeze them and force them to work for his personal gain, they would likely start a riot and kill their lord, especially if the lord treated them like slaves and didn’t give them clothes and salary.

In the last life, there were many lords who were killed by their own NPCs and replaced.

Under normal circumstances, the refugees were definitely very docile and followed instructions. As long as one didn't force them to the brink, they would do such a thing. If not, riots would happen out of the blue and no one would dare to be a lord.

After he dealt with the letters of the three affiliate territories, it was already close to six in the evening.

Ouyang Shui got up and passed the annotated letters to Bai Nanpu. Then, he headed to the backyard.

"Brother, you got off work early." In the backyard, Bing'er and Zisu were playing an Olden version of puzzles. When they saw Ouyang Shuo, they were surprised.

Lu Guangzhi made this puzzle especially for Bing'er. In real life, Bing'er had seen and played with many different kinds of toys, but this kind of IQ game intrigued her. She was also talented; even Zisu and Banxia couldn't beat her.

Ouyang Shuo nodded,"Ya, Brother came back early to look for our little brat and see if you were well behaved."

Bing'er placed down the puzzle and ran over, as she wanted Ouyang Shuo to hug her.

Ouyang Shuo carried her up and walked toward the canteen. The time right was just nice for a meal. Ouyang Shuo felt puzzled. After entering the game, Bing'er became more clingy and frequently asked for hugs.

Ouyang Shuo guessed that she probably saw him treating Yingyu and Qing'er well. Then, she felt that he was going to be snatched away.

This was similar to real life, where kids didn't want their parents to give birth to another sibling. They didn’t want more siblings because they didn't want to split their parents' love.

Ouyang Shuo didn't interfere and just watched on. He couldn’t reduce his care for Yingyu and Qing'er. Ouyang Shuo wanted to let Bing'er know that love was supposed to be shared and this was a part of her life that she needed to go through.

After dinner, Ouyang Shuo returned to his room and went offline.

In reality, it was only half a month away from the 7th month, 1st day migration date. The atmosphere was still and cold, filled with fear for the future and the sadness of leaving the earth.

The news reported that some elderly didn't agree to migrate. Firstly, they were very old and even if the earth changed, it was still in 10 years. They probably wouldn't live for that long. Secondly, they didn't want to go through the torture of galactic travel.

The federal government respected their choice, and before they left, they would leave enough resources and lifestyle machines to take care of the citizens that weren't willing to migrate.

Apart from that, artists were reluctant to leave their artworks like old buildings, paintings, and cultural artifacts.

Those crazy people wanted to die together with the art pieces and cultural artifacts. The federal government didn't care about the views of these people and dragged them into the spaceships.





* * *





Chapter 179




Chapter 179: TWO Chapter 179- 400 Thousand

Chapter 179- 400 Thousand



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora



In reality, everyone's personal assets had been tabulated and turned into a bunch of numbers. As for the use of these numbers, the federal government didn't reveal.

In the morning, Ouyang Shuo called Sun Xiaoyue to ask about her Grandfather recruiting Scientists.

Based on her summary, her Grandfather had contacted 20 odd scientist in this half a month. They were all in the Dali region and Sun Xiaoyue brought them around to get used to the game environment.

Apart from that, Ouyang Shuo asked Sun Xiaoyue to do another thing—investigate the Cui family in the Dali region, especially what kind of reaction they had to Cui Yingyu disappearing.

After upgrading to a city, Ouyang Shuo finally had the ability to make contact with the Cui family. Since Sun Xiaoyue was in the Dali Region, he wanted her to help join both parties.

In the afternoon, Song Jia made a call to Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo's soldier token and message had succeeded as expected. Song Jia and Yuanping's marriage had been indefinitely delayed.

After Song Jia learned of the news, she totally admired Ouyang Shuo and would often call him.

At night, Ouyang Shuo got online on time.

After completing his cultivation, Ouyang Shuo didn't remain in the lord's manor. Instead, headed toward the east region. In a large part of half a month, although they hadn’t completed the city walls, the Organization of the city was already in place.

The bow and crossbow workshop, armory division workshop, weapons workshop and alchemy workshop were located in the east region.

Ouyang Shuo walked into the Bow And Crossbow Division workshop, the secretary-cum-manager, advanced bow maker Wu Peng went up to welcome him and said respectfully," Sire!"

In olden society, such people were called artisans and their societal status were very low. Hence, they all had very low self esteem and treated their lords with a lot of respect. Maybe only the only exception was the secretary of the Armoury Division, advanced blacksmith Wang Tao.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and asked,"Secretary Wu, how many crossbow machines has the division made?"

The structure of the crossbow can be split into three parts: arm, bow and machine. The arm was mostly made of wood, the bow was placed across the front portion of the arm, and the machine was fixed around the back of the arm.

The crossbow machine that Ouyang Shuo asked about was the most important portion of the crossbow, the machine.

It was mainly made up of copper, but it could also be made of iron. The front was the ‘teeth’ used to hang the string and behind that was a connecting link. Engraved on it was the angle and the distance. This was similar to the scope of a modern gun, and based on the distance of the target, the user adjusted the shooting angle to increase accuracy.

At the bottom of the casing was the input link used to fire the bolts.

When the user fired the crossbow, they pulled the string and hooked onto the ;teeth’, which placed a bolt onto the bolt channels. After aiming through the connecting link, the user squeezed the input link to cause the ‘teeth’ to sink downward. This released the string from the hook and shoot the bolt out at high speeds.

20 days ago, not long after the upgrade of Shanhai city, Ouyang Shuo suddenly visited the Bow And Crossbow Division workshop. He asked them to focus on rushing a batch of cros

sbow machines and create a quantity not less than 100 thousand.

They naturally had doubts about their lord’s weird request, but as they felt inferior, Wu Peng didn't ask and just followed the orders.

The crossbow machine wasn't like bows and the materials were easy to find. Moreover, they were also very easy to make and only required stone and iron ore. Unlike the production of bows and crossbows that were affected by the factors of the materials such as the bow strings, horns and leathers, hence, their production rate was limited and couldn’t increase much anymore.

As the Bow And Crossbow Division still had to care about crafting bows and crossbows, they could only make an extra 500 crossbow machines a day. To date, they made just exactly 10,000 sets.

After Ouyang Shuo listened to this report, he wasn't pleased, “Secretary, you need to increase the speed. You can reduce the amount of finished products for bows and crossbows anyways, as we don't have a requirement for those in this period of time."

"Understood!" Wu Peng nodded.

Ouyang Shuo walked out of the Bow And Crossbow Division and went into the Armoury Division workshop at the side.

To date, they had built the the Armoury Division for three and a half months. During the 5th month, nearly two months since it was set up, the Armoury Division passed 50 sets of Mingguang Armor to the cavalry unit and 100 sets of Buren Armor to the Infantry Unit.

These two armors played a huge role during the Battle of Zhuolu and shocked everyone.

Which at the same time, the armors suffered various degree of damages from the war. The damaged armors were brought back and handed to the Armoury Division for repairs and then passed back on to the soldiers.

After two months of organisational pains, the Armoury workshop artisans had slowly started to form up. To date, they had one master blacksmith, four advanced, 20 intermediate, and 150 basic blacksmiths. They also had one master tailor, one advanced, five intermediate and ten basic tailors.

Such a massive group of people took up 340 gold a month, more than the overall spending of a unit. Moreover, this did not include Qing'er's advising fees.

After the completion, the results started to show. Since the start of the 5th month, they could produce 150 sets of Mingguang Armor and 200 sets of Buren Armor in one month.

They made the batch of armor handed out during the 5th month before the month had started. As such, the Armoury division was able to pass 150 sets of Mingguang Armor to the vanguard unit and 200 Buren Armor to the mixed regiment at the end of the month.

Based on this speed, at the end of the 7th month, the vanguard unit would be fully equipped. At the end of the 6th month, the first unit of the mixed regiment would be fully equipped and the second unit would reach the same stage by the middle of the 9th month.

In a short time, their production speed wouldn't have any large increases. Firstly, they had already chose the residents in the territory who could become blacksmiths; they could only search from the New refugees. Secondly, the supply of iron ore had reached a bottleneck.

Shanhai city's only mining site needed to supply the weapons workshop to craft lances and Tang knives, the bow and crossbow division for crossbow machines and bolts, and the Armoury division for armor. As such, they had already reached its max. Even if they increased the quantity of miners, it was no use as the space was limited.

The only solution was to find new iron mining sites in the territory.

Walking out of the Armory division, Ouyang a Shuo returned to the lord's manor and continued to deal with administrative issues.

……

In the next week, Feng Qingyang and Di Chen had both successfully upgraded their towns to grade 1 cities. In particular, Handan Town had recovered so quickly after their failure, which certainly wasn't easy.

With that, there were a total of seven rank 1 cities in the china region. Only three spots remained for the fight for the Top 10.

Be it Xiong Ba, Sha Pojun, wandering magic, Wufu, or even Xunlong Dianxue, they all stood a chance.

These five territories were considered 3rd series, and compared to the first series Shanhai city and the second series cities, they were lacking. In a short amount of time, they wouldn't be confident of applying to upgrade. Especially Stone Town and Xunlong Town, who hadn't even fulfilled the basic requirements.

The situation of Sha Pojun was as Ouyang Shuo had expected. Out of the original Six Tyrants of Handan, he was the weakest. This was because the powers he represented had a huge weakness. Once their assets were frozen, their friends and business partners wouldn't bother with them, which caused them to be abandoned.

Sha Pojun and his men were good at fighting. However, in terms of managing a territory, they were still lacking a lot.

During this week, Qiushui Town became the brightest light in the entire territory as a total of one medium-sized tribe and four small tribes decided to migrate. This meant that the hesitant tribes had all decided to come down from the mountains. In addition to the small tribe from the beginning, Qiushui Town suddenly had an influx of 14 thousand people.

In the south, of the barbarian tribes that cooperated with Shanhai City, including Xianniao tribe, only two medium-sized and four small sized tribes remained in the mountains.

Apart from Xuanniao tribe and the three small tribes close to the Langshan mining fields, the remaining medium-sized tribe and the small-sized tribe were very stubborn and probably couldn't be convinced in a short amount of time.

The arrival of the mountain barbarians made the population jump two grades and directly become a grade 2 city. Zhao Dexian was also assigned the role of Qiushui City Magistrate.

The ambitious Zhao Dexian tossed out a plan to reclaim a total of 400 thousand mu of farmland.

He planned to reclaim 380 thousand mu of farmland and raise the scale of their farmland to a total of 400 thousand mu.

Based on the average of 10 mu per person, 400 thousand mu would need 40 thousand farmers. Now, they only had half of that, Moreover, a large portion were novice mountain barbarians. If you excluded the children and the elderly, the number would be much smaller.

If one looked at it that way, the 400 thousand figure was exaggerated and rash.

In truth, Zhao Dexian had made his calculations. Qiushui city was made with a silver village creation token, and its refugee attraction rate had increased by 40%. This rate meant that everyday, it could have 280 refugees and 8,400 a month.

There was still more than a month till the second rice planting at the start of the 8th month. As long as they passed half a month of struggling and hardship, the population of Qiushui city could hit 40 thousand in the middle of the 9th month.

The way he saw it, the early struggles for half a year's of grain was worth it. Since he already made such specific and clear calculations, Ouyang Shuo obviously didn't have any reasons to disagree.





* * *





Chapter 180




Chapter 180: TWO Chapter 180- Lightning Operation

Chapter 180- Lightning Operation



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

Gaia first year, 6th month, 24th day, Shanhai city's second raider operation had finally reached an end.

Compared to the first time, the region of the raider operation had expanded by three times and would obviously yield better rewards. They had netted 5400 gold and 5500 prisoners and gained large amounts of grain and equipment.

Most importantly, he had obtained a technical manual in this raider operation.

Ladder crafting technical manual: after use, user automatically grasps the technique to craft ladders.

In the last raider city attack, Ouyang Shuo witnessed the strength of the ladder. He yearned and desired such a siege weapon. He passed over the manual to the combat logistics division for the artisans to analyse and create as soon as possible.

Ouyang Shuo didn’t forget that there were still a group of mountain bandits waiting for him to settle at the Zhennan Pass. The appearance of the ladder was a godsend. If not, he wouldn't have a good idea of how to attack that pass.

Based on Shi Wanshui's report, they faced a tough opponent in this raider operation. It was a advanced raider camp with 3000 raiders, among them were 500 elites and 1500 basic raiders.

Luckily, the mixed regiment had experience with raider camps and were able to coordinate well between the units. In addition to this, they had the trump card of the first unit of the regiment—four squadrons equipped with Buren Armor—their defence was shocking and they took down the raiders without much danger.

In just that battle alone, the mixed regiment had lost 100 men. One must know that in the two large scale operations, the mixed regiment had only lost 300 men, so one could imagine the intensity of the raider operation.

In truth, upon reaching the city grade, raiders could practically threaten the territory. This was because of their limited scale and an advanced raider camp was already the maximum. In the wilderness, the people they could rob and track were rare, so a large number of raiders gathered together could only starve.

When faced with such a well-equipped, proper army like the mixed regiment, the raiders had no way to fight back. Hence, Ouyang Shuo didn't personally join the raider operation after Shanhai City’s upgrade and just left it to Shi Wanshui.

The 5500 prisoners, apart from the 1000 to join the reserve forces, the remaining 4500 were all sent to Friendship village to help it upgrade to grade 1 city. Out of the three affiliate territories, friendship town was the slowest. Ouyang Shuo could bear to let it live on it's on and not help it.

Ouyang Shuo appointing Zhou Haichen as the city magistrate of friendship town touched him. However, out of the 3 affiliate territories, only he didn't achieve anything. His lack of results made him feel guilty, and he felt that he was letting Ouyang Shuo down.

Ouyang Shuo didn't say anything and just asked him to work harder to make up for the difference.

At the same time, Ouyang Shuo ordered Leixun, who was collecting information on the nomadic tribes, to quicken his pace. He also wrote a letter to the new 2nd vanguard unit major Sun Tenjiao. Ouyang Shuo asked him to increase their training to ensure that they could be put to use at anytime.

In the raider operation that had just ended, Ouyang Shuo especially asked him to bring the unit to join in. He allowed Leixun to train them and form some combat ability as soon as possible.

Normally speaking, a nor

mal soldier in a unit must be rank 5 to be considered passable. If not, that unit would be considered a new unit.

After a month of inspection, Ouyang Shuo named the second leader of the raiders during the city attack—Heiqi—as the deputy major. Ouyand Shuo did this to strengthen the ability of the second vanguard unit.

He was now just a deputy major, which looked like a downgrade of two ranks. After all, he was leading one thousand cavalry during the city Attack. But to a spared General, this chance could already be considered a great treatment.

Ouyang Shuo definitely did this because of Sun Tengfei's ability, which were equal to Heiqi. In addition to his experience, Ouyang Shuo would naturally choose to promote Sun Tengfei first.

Furthermore, based on the speed that Shanhai city was expanding, as long as Heiqi performed well and stayed loyal, he was bound to be appointed as major.

The 5400 gold earned from the raiders and the 7600 in profits from the mine and saltpans added up to 13,000 gold. Out of this, he gave 2500 to the affiliate territories, 2000 to buy basic building blueprints, 1250 for building the 3rd unit of the Beihai naval fleet and the class change course for the second cavalry unit, and 250 gold as compensation for soldiers of the mixed regiment that had died. Finally, he was left with 7000 gold.

Ouyang Shuo didn't deal with the remaining gold immediately. He was prepared to wait for two days. At that time, the latter half of the month's profit was tabulated. Then, he would make decide how to allocate the remaining funds.



In the afternoon, Shanhai city meeting hall.

After the raider operation had ended, Ouyang Shuo was about to start acting on the neighboring territories.

Based on the plans of the Internal Affairs department, the operation would be codenamed lighting— they would remove the 8 player territories with lightning quick speed.

Hence, Shanhai city had no choice but to make use of all their forces.

The operation was split into east and west, entering together and starting at the same time.

On the east there were only three territories. The units in charge were the Shanhai city city protection unit, Qiushui city city protection unit, Friendship city city protection unit, and the second vanguard unit. They were under the leadership of director Ge Hongliang.

The four majors weren’t any pricks, so it would be easy for him to take charge of them. Apart from that, Ouyang Shuo wanted to use this chance to train the battle strength of the various protection units and also their ability to work across long distances.

Based on Shanhai city's situation of being in the middle, defending on the back foot wasn't his goal and attacking was more of his style. Hence, he didn't want the city protection units to be cooped up in the city and lose their fighting ability. They needed to be pulled out time after time for battle to maintain their morale and killer instinct.

On the west, there were five player territories and Shuo Wanshui was the one guiding the mixed regiment.

As the Military Intelligence Division reported that these territories didn't have any decent city walls, the god machine unit wasn't activated.

This operation used up more men than attacking the raider camps, but their opponents were Grade 3 villages that couldn't even compare to advanced raider camps.

Speed, this was the core of the operation.

They aimed to take down all eight territories at the same time and not give them a chance to react.

Before he left, Ouyang Shuo ordered them to not hesitate when they reached the village. They were to attack immediately and take down the lord's manor and complete the mission.

After a player's territory had been occupied, all the players in it would be teleported to the system imperial capital. Lianzhou Basin players would naturally be sent to Dali.

If the player died during the process, he would be revived at the imperial capital's reincarnation hall.

Hence, to cleanly end the battles, the east and west troops would set out early in the morning and set up camp near the territories. In the morning of the next day, they would initiate their attack and not give their opponents the chance to react. At that time, many players probably hadn't even logged in, and did not know who the enemy was.

This was the effect that Ouyang Shuo wanted.

If these eight territories knew that Shanhai city had destroyed them, they would spread it on the forums and cause all the other territories in the Lianzhou Basin to work together.

Only if they kept their identities a secret would they be able to keep the opponent guessing, preventing them from pointing their fingers at Shanhai city. Ouyang Shuo was raising poisonous insects, but he didn't want them to group together.

He raised the insects to fight each other, which would leave the strongest one standing.

After he settled the strategy, the majors returned to their barracks to prepare for tomorrow.

6th month, 25th day, the troops set out.

The mixed regiment moved out from the west city barracks and went toward the most western area of the territory. The three city protection units and the vanguard unit went from their own barracks to Qiushui city to meet up. Then, they would head toward the most eastern region.

6th month, 26th day, five in the morning.

For the east army, Ge Hongliang's plan was for the three city protection units to each attack one and the vanguard unit to act as a mobile unit to adapt when needed.

As for the west, Shi Wanshui didn't have any plans or tactics.

The various units of the mixed regiment were all specialized soldiers, hence Shi Wanshui split up the five units and reorganized them. He formed five units that were similar to city protection units. They two squadrons of sword and shield soldiers, one cavalry squadron, one spear squadron, and one archer squadron.

The protection squad of the grade 3 villages were only 100 people. At most, they would have 200. When they faced a unit, it was impossible to defend. Moreover, it was a sneak attack, so there was no way they could succeed.

At 5:30 a.m., The eight units of 4000 soldiers were like five surgical knives. Under the direction of the military intelligence division, they precisely stabbed into the enemy.

A grade 3 village had arrow towers and stone sentries. The attacking troops didn't bother to hide. Iit was still dark and they didn't find a need to hide their tracks.

The wooden gates of the village were burst open by the mountain barbarian sword and shield soldiers. The troops behind them followed and successfully took down the lord's manor.

At that time, the territories that could react fast enough had rushed out to prepare to intercept. However, the protection squads were weak and couldn't match up, so the army smashed them into bits.

When the residents saw their fellow villagers being defeated so easily, they didn't dare to go up. Instead, they only watched on as the invaders took over the lord's manor.

After the invaders occupied the territory, the NPCs naturally became prisoners.





* * *





Chapter 181




Chapter 181: TWO Chapter 181- Spending Spree

Chapter 181- Spending Spree



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

The lightning operation went unexpectedly smooth, and they didn't face any unexpected situations.

After completing the operation, the soldiers gathered all the residents together. They arranged for the residents to bring back all the material and resources to Shanhai city.

These villages were located outside of the territory of Shanhai city, so Ouyang Shuo decided to leave all of them empty. Once the territory area increases, these villages could act as settlements.

At that time, the farmers could be brought into the villages and reclaim farmland to plant rice. Then, it would slowly become a village under Shanhai city. They could open up the vast areas of land.

6th month, 26th day, 5:30 p.m.

The east and west armies brought back 7200 prisoners as well as large amounts of goods and resources to Shanhai city.

As it was already late, Ouyang Shuo didn't arrange for them to enter the city. Instead, he let them spend the night outside the city. Anyways, it was summer and the nights weren't cold. They also had tents, so it wasn't too hard on them.

Ouyang Shuo didn't have an interest in keeping the resources that were brought here, so he distributed it to the villagers. With that, it would lessen the hatred that they had toward Shanhai City.

The next day, the Household Registration Division started to work.

They had already created a perfect process for dealing with refugees and prisoners.

The Household Registration Division were situated at the north and west sides. There were specific points to welcome new refugees. When they arrived, the officials would help register them and place them into the household registry of Shanhai city.

After that, the official would split the refugees up based on their talents and occupations.

Farmer, fruit farmer, miner, lumberjack, and breeder—these occupations were suitable for living outside the city, so they were sent to the various settlements after they collected their basic welfare package. When they reached the settlement, the officer would arrange their living.

The Agriculture Division and Material Reserves Department had workers to help and assist the household registration division.

Artisans, tailors, businesspeople, and the like—these talented individuals were sent to the post house, which will be in charge of their meals and housing. The Household Registration Division would send recommendation letters according to the individual’s occupation. They could use these letters to find a suitable job.

After they found a job, the refugee would have to leave the post house and rent a house in the residential area for living purposes.

The construction division had built some resettlement houses for the refugees to rent.

With a fixed house, they could go to the Material Reserves Department and claim their welfare package.

After they had worked a while and settled down, they could go to the four seas bank to take a loan to buy the house that they had rented with a sizeable amount of savings.

With extra money, they could go to the market and buy some poultry to rear at home. The hardworking ones could buy vegetables or seeds to grow in their yards.

The even richer ones could go to the garment workshop to buy new clothing or the jewelry shop to buy jewelry. They could even occasionally head to the hotel to drink, or the tea house for tea, or the theatre to watch shows and listen to songs.

A large portion of refugees ended up there and just

led their lives nicely. The younger chaps would consider their futures and marry to get kids.

As for the generals, scholars, and special talents, they would be recommended to the secretary of the household registration—Duquan.

For those at Gold rank and below, Duquan would recommend them to the respective directors based on their occupation. He would assign them to work in either the military or various departments.

Only the really special ones could get Duquan's recommendation to Ouyang Shuo, for him to personally assign them work.

The refugees who felt that they were suitable for the army could give up their jobs and join the military barracks.

The Household Registration Division had been well drilled in this process and was able to do it smoothly. Even with an influx of 7200 people, it was just a problem of sending more men to handle it.

Of course, this bunch of prisoners was much more special. Amongst them, there were still people who were loyal to their lord. A large portion were core members of the village, scholars, or generals.

To this bunch of people, Ouyang Shuo would not dare to be careless. He would demote all the generals to sergeants and sent them to various units. The civil servants would be sent to work in various affiliate territories as basic personnel.

Ouyang Shuo had his reasons for the way he handled the civil servants.

The city magistrates of the affiliate territories were all aboriginal people, so they wouldn't be too wary of these prisoners. At the same time, they would also be able to improve the administrative system and raise efficiency.

Of course, this was also his test to the three city magistrates. He wanted to see if he could persuade these bunch of civil servants.

What he expected was that in this bunch of prisoners, there wasn't a historical figure. The highest ranked ones were only two basic rank generals and a scholar.

After settling the prisoners, Ouyang Shuo started dealing with the financial matters.

The 7600 gold profit for the latter half of the 6th month had been collected. Now, Ouyang Shuo had 14600 gold on hand. He took 4600 and passed it to the financial department as financial expenditure.

Ouyang Shuo carried the remaining 10 thousand gold and went to the advanced market. It had already moved to the front of the lord's manor, west of the square and right beside the teleportation formation.

Come to think about it, Ouyang Shuo had rarely come to the market, as Shanhai city was basically self-sufficient. Apart from building blueprints, there was little that he had to buy.

He came to the market because of the huge system update after the galactic migration. Moreover, this update will change the settings of the market.

Ouyang Shuo wanted to make use of his knowledge beforehand to buy many items.

Ouyang Shuo first looked for secret manuals. He swept up all the authentic gold secret manuals, a total of 20 for 1000 gold.

With that, Ouyang Shuo had collected 120 authentic gold secret manuals.

Surprisingly, he found another emperor rank cultivation technique. It was the famous Nine Yin Scripture for 1500 gold. Ouyang Shuo bought it without hesitation.

The Nine Yin Scripture weren't of much use to him, but it was a treasure to Song Jia. Her dream was to open a clan and become a paladin, so this scripture would make a good clan cultivation technique.

Afterward, Ouyang Shuo spent 500 gold to buy a Military Grain pill Making Manual and a Military Tent Crafting Manual. Both the military grain pill and the military tent were great items that would be used a lot, so Ouyang Shuo needed to be self-sufficient.

Most importantly, military grain pills, military tents, alchemical fire oil, and alchemical fire oil cabinet were resources which would cease to be sold after the update.

Hence, Ouyang Shuo directly spent 1000 gold for 100 thousand barrels of alchemical fire oil. This batch was enough to last Shanhai city for 10 years. The combat logistics division shifted it to under the mountain range. In the huge cave, men watched them to prevent any person from coming close.

Apart from military resources, Ouyang Shuo also purchased a batch of grain.

Although in the 7th month, Qiushui city and Friendship city could both harvest their rice, but after calculation, the territory was still lacking food for the latter half of the year.

The fertile game land of Qiushui city produced 350 units of grain per mu, seven million units for its 20 thousand mu. On the side of friendship village, it produced 320 units of grain per mu, 20 thousand mu and that would be 6.4 million. This totaled up to 13.4 million units of grain.

The second harvesting season would be the end of the 10th month, a full 4 months of time.

Shanhai city and the 3 affiliate territories had a population of close to 40 thousand that grew at a rate of 1140 per day.

Based on the lowest consumption of 1 unit per day, they need 17.8 million units of grain to last till then. Considering that the military used double and the wine brewery and animals needed grain too, they would need 20 million units of grain.

All of this didn't factor in the influx of people due to mountain barbarians or prisoners. As this was bound to happen, he had to consider it.

Overall, the first collection of grain was just a little more than half. This was also under the condition that the farmers sold all of the grain they collected.

After the system update, the goods trading platform will be removed, and players could only buy grain through the auction platform or trading platform with other players. If the trader sees that you have a food crisis, they would raise the price and wouldn't be like the system that keeps a stable low price.

Hence, Ouyang Shuo spent the remaining 6000 all on grain, obtaining 6 million units of grain and filling up half of the newly upgraded city grade granary.

Although there was still not enough grain, this solved before the grain prices increased. After all, the 7th month was harvesting season, and no Town would have a problem of lack of grain.

So, Ouyang Shuo spent 10 thousand gold to lay a solid foundation for the development of Shanhai city. Ouyang Shuo clearly remembered what a cruel experience the grain crisis in the latter half of the year was for territories.





* * *





Chapter 182




Chapter 182: TWO Chapter 182- Despicable

Chapter 182- Despicable



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora



6th month, 28th day, the migration in reality had entered it final stages.

The migrants had carried various artwork, old books, and biological samples onto a spaceship. Apart from that, various production lines and smart robots were on that ship. These were brought to ensure that when it reached Planet Hope, they could be assembled straight away and produce various resources.

In truth, two years after the satellites spotted Planet Hope in the year 2171, the federal government had put together an explorer squad to do the first stages of exploration.

The explorer squad had traveled for a full 10 years before they reached Planet Hope. In addition to the time for the signals and messages to be sent, the basic knowledge the federal government had about Planet Hope were just of these few years.

Hence, the production lines that were sent were very specific. As for the specific details, only the high level federal government members and the people involved knew.

The spaceships designated for the migration had been parked at the various spaceports. As Jiaozhou was a city closer to the middle region, it had its own spaceport. Ouyang Shuo was definitely going to rush to Modou to meet up with his little aunt. Then, he would board the spaceship at the suburbs of Modou.

As it lacked maintenance and fixing, the network signals were starting to become unstable.

In the morning, he gave Sun Xiaoyue one last call to ask about the situation with the Cui family.

"The Cui family has a huge reputation in Dali and is a huge business organization. They run nearly every type of businesses. Their core is silver weapons and banking," Sun Xiaoyue said through the phone, "It's as you said, bandits attacked Cui Yingyu when she was on a trip. Then, she went missing. After such a long time, they believe that she has already died."

Ouyang Shuo nodded," Xiaoyue, I don't want hide this from you, she's in my territory. After I come online, I'll sent you one of her items. Use it link up with the Cui Family."

"Oh no wonder. Leave this matter to me!"

"Thank you!"

Ouyang Shuo hung up. Then, he opened his handbrain and headed onto the forums.

The lightning operation was revealed on the forums. The eight lords were describing their experience. In truth, there was nothing to say, as they didn't even see who their enemies were. When they went online, they were directly sent to the Dali Region.

This was the first territory destruction incident in the China Region that wasn't due to monsters or raider attacks.

Naturally, it attracted attention, especially at such a specific time—a few days before the migration. This event made everyone curious, and they started to speculate.

Although they didn't know who it was, Shanhai City had become the biggest suspect. The reason was simple. Firstly, Shanhai City was the strongest in the Lianzhou Basin, and thus they had the ability to do so. Secondly, Shanhai Town had recently upgraded to grade 2 city and the territory land had expanded.

Moreover, the members of the Sky Blade Alliance fanned the flames, so Shanhai City became the biggest suspect.

Ouyang Shuo remained calm and didn't make any statements. He neither admitted nor denied these claims.

If someone stood out to scold and chide Ouyang Shuo, that guy would be an idiot. The main point of Earth Online were territorial warfare and conquest, so there was no justice or righteousness. It was just surviva

l of the fittest.

Luckily, there was no idiots. Even the eight lords only ranted on the forums. In the end, they could only accept that they were unfortunate.

In truth, the reason this became a focal point was why Shanhai City decided to rage wars at such a sensitive time period, was it a show of strength or to make a stand?

If one called it a show of strength, there was no need to do so with their ability, as they had already earned the respect of everyone in China.

Bai Xiaoshen raised the point that Shanhai City's action had actually helped everyone out. He had warned the rookies that although there was freedom in your territory, you are never safe and can be attacked at any time. It was better to just stay safe in the system imperial city.

His argument had received a lot of support.

Many rookies that joined the game started to weigh the pros and cons of playing the lord mode.

During the weighing process, another thought was tossed out. The person raised that there was a perfect solution—to join a strong territory. That way, you cold remain safe even if you don't have power.

Ouyang Shuo kept quiet. He didn't know if it was a coincidence or was in Chun Shenjun and the others fanning the flames. The migration caused many to lose their everything and at this time, Chun Shenjun provided them with hope, wanting to get them into his own territory to make up for his current weakness.

Although Shanhai City stood to gain from such a theory, but Ouyang Shuo didn't find it something to be happy about. Since he started, he had already decided that his territory wouldn't accept a large number of players.

In the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo brought Bing'er to the cemetery to clean their parents' grave for the last time as a goodbye.

Tomorrow morning, he was going to bring Bing'er and rush to Shanghai to meet with little aunt. As the migrant numbers were too big, Shanghai which had 2.4 million people were assigned to spaceships, each could take 1.2 million people.

Of course these spaceships were specially modified such that each person only took up a small space. Basically as Long as it was enough to fit a game cabin it was fine. Before boarding, the players needed to enter the game cabin and the robots will transfer the cabins to a specific spot in the ship.

When the galactic spaceships take off, the game cabin will enter a deep sleep mode where the player will be frozen completely, only unfrozen when they reached their destination.

Returning from the cemetery, Ouyang Shuo started to pack up their luggage. They decided to bring the items that they most valued, other things would be provided by the federal government.

In the end, Ouyang Shuo chose a picture frame, in it was a family photo when his parents were still alive. That time, Bing'er was just a little kid, looking very cute.

As for Bing'er, she chose a cloth doll. It was already old but she treated it as a gem as it was a birthday present from her Father.

At night, Ouyang Shuo got online as usual.

During breakfast, Ouyang Shuo looked at Yingyu, "Yu'er, come to my office later I have something to discuss with you."

"En." Yingyu thought it had something to do with work so she didn't pay much attention to it.



10 AM, Yingyu entered Ouyang Shuo's office.

Ouyang Shuo asked her to sit before gathering his thoughts,"Yingyu, you do know that Brother is different from you all and have a special way to contact the outside world."

Yingyu nodded," I know."

"I have friends in Dali region and I asked her to find out about your family situation." Ouyang Shuo continued.

Yingyu's heart clenched and she said painfully," then? Did my family think I have already died in the wilderness?"

Ouyang Shuo nodded," yes. You'er don't be said, it's also normal. After all they haven't heard from you in half a year, to do such a judgement is normal."

"Big Brother you don't need to console me, I understand." Yingyu tried hard to calm herself down.

"How about this, to allow my friend to contact your family, I need an item from you and also a handwritten letter. My plan is to allow your family to believe and confirm that you are still alive then we can contact them through the cooperation platform in the advanced market. What do you think?"

In truth, Ouyang Shuo was selfish in saying that.

If he wanted to, he could have found a territory near Dali region to ally with and send Yingyu there, before arranging a unit to send her back home to reunite with her family.

The reason why he didn't do that was because he had his considerations.

Firstly, Ouyang Shuo didn't want to treat allying others as a game. An ally in Shanhai Alliance had strict regulations. Although Consonance City was in Yunnan Province, it was closer to kunming.

After the game map expanded by 10 times, Kunming was 3 thousand over miles away from Dali. Even if one used the speed of a Qingfu horse, he will take 2 months to rush there, which wasn't too practical.

Secondly, Ouyang Shuo couldn't bear her leaving Shanhai City. Not mentioning the relationship between them, Shanhai City needed this financial director. In the future when Shanhai City had enough talents, Ouyang Shuo will consider sending her back.

Ouyang Shuo felt sometimes that doing so was a bit despicable, betraying the trust she had in him. he said that as Long as the time was right he would protect her and send her back to Dali, that was really shameless.

However this was the price one needed to pay as a lord and controlled power.

As a lord, the situation and future of the territory was the first thing he considered. Maybe only Bing'er was something that couldn't be touched in his heart, only there wouldn't have anything to do with profits and benefits.

Actually, to be able to contact her family was enough to Yingyu. Shanhai City had given her a platform and it was a fortunate event to end up here.

"I think that's great. I'll finish the letter in the afternoon and pass it to you."

"Great!" Ouyang Shuo was expressionless.





* * *





Chapter 183




Chapter 183: TWO Chapter 183- Boarding the Spaceship

Chapter 183- Boarding the Spaceship



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

In the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo sent the item and the handwritten letter to Sun Xiaoyue.

Following this, he walked out of the lord's manor. Under the company of Zhao Dewang, he started to inspect the completed 2nd city wall.

It took around 40 days for them to finally complete the 2nd wall. The completed city wall included the city gate, city tower, archer tower, soldier hiding hole, and various other installations. These parts had all been built and could be employed.

The two city walls didn't form the typical square within a square. Instead, the outer square was a bit upward, which caused the inner square to flush down. Hence, the east and west gates of the second wall were on the same line as the north gate of the first wall. Thus, the east and west gates of both walls weren't aligned, which increased the defensive ability.

The south gate was on the same center line. However, there was an inner city river, and the two south gates were 3 kilometers apart. Defensively, it wasn't weaker than the east and west sides.

In the 7th month, when Sun Xiaoyue and the others teleported over, they would see a brand new Shanhai City and the biggest lord player’s city in the world.

Ouyang Shuo returned to the lord’s manor and stayed in his office. He read for a while.

After this upgrade to grade 2 city, Ouyang Shuo still had many things that planned. However, as the migration was coming, he had to deal with that. Ouyang Shuo didn't have much time to start these projects.

6 PM, Ouyang Shuo went to the backyard and got offline together with Bing'er.

After they exited the game cabin, the two of them ate their last breakfast.

"Baby, do you remember what brother told you?" Ouyang Shuo nagged.

Bing'er nodded," I remember. Don't tell anyone, including little aunt, about anything in the game. Brother don't worry, Bing'er is very well behaved."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and brought her and their small amount of luggage out of the door. The federal government arranged unmanned buses which went straight to Shanghai. As for their game cabins, the sending channel would directly transport them to Shanghai.

10 AM, Ouyang Shuo reached Shanghai and met up with little aunt.

After the met up, they had a simple lunch at her house. Then, they took a bus to the spaceport.

As there were too many people, they didn’t wait until the 7th month, 1st day to board. From today onward, people would start streaming onto the spaceships.

Ouyang Shuo didn't want to stay too long at little aunt's house, so he decided to board the spaceship today.

Before they left, they had already changed into the federal-government-issued space suits. These space suits were very light and similar to sportswear.

As for the spaceport, it was already very full. Luckily, there was military personnel to maintain order.

Ouyang Shuo, Bing'er, little aunt Lin Jing, and Xie Siyun had joined the queue and prepared to board. At 5:30 PM, it was their time to board.

The machines directed them to lie in their own game cabin. These machines were in charge of transporting them to specific locations.

After he entered the game cabin, Ouyang Shuo directly logged into the game. In the near future, he would have no fate with the real world and would have to live in the game.

Ouyang Shuo walked out of his room and entered Bing'er's room.

Zisu stated in

the room adjacent to Bing'er's. His arrival woke her up.

"Sire?" Zisu felt a little weird.

Ouyang Shuo nodded," I'm here to see Third Miss."

At this time, Bing'er got up from her bed on her own and ran out, "Brother!"

Ouyang Shuo was afraid of Bing'er being unable to adapt and purposely came to console her. When he saw that her emotions were still stable, he could finally relax and laugh,"Baby, for a long time, we will have to stay in the game world, are you afraid?"

"I'm not, I have Brother here. Anyways, Bing'er think it's fun here." This little brat really had no heart, maybe because she couldn't understand what galactic migration entailed.

While the two chatted, Zisu had already retreated out of the room to prepare hot water for Bing'er to bathe. She also asked the kitchen to prepare breakfast.

As Bing'er was okay, Ouyang Shuo returned to his own room. With Banxia serving him, he did a simple wash up. Then, he took the exquisite steel spear and started to practice.

This type of morning became the norm for the pair.

At 10 AM, Ouyang Shuo punctually appeared at the lord's office. He asked Bai Nanpu to call the combat logistics secretary Zhao Youfang over, as he had some things to arrange.

After Zhao Youfang entered, he appeared a little careful. Ouyang Shuo had frozen this secretary for a long time. Being called to see Ouyang Shuo at this time, he didn't know the purpose.

Ouyang Shuo sat at the lord's seat. He noticed how scared and careful Zhao Youfang looked, which caused Ouyang Shuo felt emotional.

Half a year has passed, and the smart and flexible-looking Zhao Youfang was unable to take up important tasks. The originally stiff-looking Zhao Dewang was able to manage the construction division well and Ouyang Shuo had rewarded him many times.

The first batch of people from Shanhai village had all taken up important positions, but they were pretty much at their limit.

Zhao Dexian being a city magistrate was already his max. After Qiushui City became a prefecture, Ouyang Shuo would have no choice but to change a person to become the magistrate.

Zhao Dewang becoming a secretary was also his maximum. At most, if there was a chance, he could be sent out to become a city magistrate. As the territories continued to upgrade, it would be hard to say if Zhao Youfang would be able to keep his secretary position.

Officials and generals were different. If a person didn't have the knowledge and only depended on training on the job, it was difficult to become good.

Ouyang Shuo passed the Military Grain Pill Making Manual and the Military Tent Crafting Manual to Zhao Youfang and said, "Secretary Zhao, I will pass the production of these two to your division. In addition to the ladders, the combat logistics division needs to produce a large number of combat resources. The combat logistics division can work with the material reserves division to build a workshop to focus on such production."

"Yes, sire," Zhao Youfang said respectfully.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and said warmly, "Youfang, this can't do, you don't have any elan. Where did the secretary that dared to voice out go? As for the building of the workshop, I want to hear your opinion and not your agreement."

These words stunned Zhao Youfang, and he seemed like he was feeling a lot of emotions. This period was a test for his emotional state, and if he could ride across, he might actually become a much better person and leader.

Zhao Youfang knew that his sire had given him a last chance. If he didn't take it, he would drop down the ranks.

In truth, after receiving the Ladder Making Manual, Zhao Youfang had some thoughts, as production would require a workshop that took up a lot of space. After the new plannings of the city, each region had its own purpose.

Zhao Youfang thought about it, but he couldn't find a suitable place to build this workshop. Since inside the city wasn't possible, he turned his eyes to outside the city. The only thing that he needed to worry about was safety.

"Sire, do you remember the cave that the alchemical fire oil is stored?" Zhao Youfang asked.

Ouyang Shuo replied with uncertainty," You mean you want to build the military factory in the cave? Did you find a suitable cave?"

Since he had piqued Ouyang Shuo's interest, Zhao Youfang finally had some confidence," That's right. When we were storing the alchemical fire oil, we found many natural caves. These caves were of different sizes and heights. The big ones were the size of Shanhai Town, having high points of 20 meters while the average was 5 meters. There was also a river providing water and suitable ventilation. Hence, I feel that to build the military factory inside would be a good idea. We just need some slight modifications, and it'll be good to use."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. It seemed like he had not paid attention to this little fortune that hid in the mountain ranges. The earliest to use these caves were probably the wine workshop that used it to store the three flower wine.

At that time, he didn't pay much attention to it.

Afterward, there was the cave to store alchemical fire oil. As it was handed over to the combat logistics division, he didn't go to the ground to inspect it. He didn't know that such caves were so common.

Zhao Youfang was really a dedicated person, and his sharp senses found a strategic use for the caves.

"Not bad, Youfang. Your suggestion is good, and I'll approve it."

If they were able to build the military factory in the caves, then that would be the optimal choice. With that, they didn't need to care about the limited land and about the safety of the factory.

Moreover, the best part was that building it in the caves hid it well and away from enemy spies.

"Yes, sire!" Zhao Youfang replied loudly. This time, he was a lot more confident.

After Zhao Youfang left, Ouyang Shuo was still thinking about the caves. The way he saw it, there was a need to arrange the construction division to check and inspect the insides of the caves in the territory.

These caves in modern society would naturally be bomb shelters and the best military bases. It was very suitable in terms of both military production and weapon designing.

He couldn't be so careless and let such valuable resources go to waste. Of course, after learning more about the caves, there must be a systematic plan for the use of the caves. He couldn’t use all of them for the same purpose.

After Ouyang Shuo thought this, he acted immediately. He wrote a letter to plan out all his ideas out. He asked the clerk to pass it to the construction secretary Zhao Dewang.



* * *





Chapter 184




Chapter 184 - The World Online



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



On the 1st day of the 7th month at 4 PM, the last group of passengers boarded the galactic spaceship.

At 5 PM, the spaceships launched from all the space ports from all around the world. After they gathered in space, they formed a vast 1000 spaceship army and flew towards planet Hope.

The fleet brought the last hope of humanity and its thirst for a place of new life into the endless night sky into an unknown world. Based on the experience of the explorer squad, they needed at least 10 years before they could reach planet Hope.

At 8 PM, which was 8 AM in the game, a system notification sounded out.

"World notification: Earth Online has entered the state of the whole world being online. The game will undergo a huge patch, effective immediately. As for the specific changes, please go onto the official website to take a look."

Gaia had already set up the website in the game so players could visit it or the forums at any time to look for news. This was also the reason why Ouyang Shuo, who was an adventure player in the last life, understood so much about territory building.

On the website page, the top post wasn't about the new update but about a goodbye speech by the president to officially say goodbye to the Earth.

Most importantly, the president had revealed the secret regarding the asset tabulation.

During galactic migration, a significant portion of assets, houses, factories, machines, etc. were left on earth and were unable to be brought with them, so this caused many billionaires or famous people to become poor overnight.

The people of the world had in an instant become the same and had the same start. So when they got to planet Hope, how to measure one's assets was a crucial question.

If one didn't have any compensation, then it would be unfair to those who lost their fortunes, as these people had made so many contributions towards this galactic migration project.

The future planet Hope also needed this batch of entrepreneurs and artists to build a new society and contribute their strength. They couldn’t exactly let an entrepreneur become a logger. This didn't make any sense and was a colossal waste of resources.

Furthermore, the fortune that they lost was caused by nature, and they couldn't have prevented it. The federal government had an obligation to compensate them for that.

Of course, they couldn't compensate them all the riches that they had lost. As this sum had already been left on earth, they needed to set up a new compensation system.

To make a logical and fair system, the federal government worked with many mathematicians and economists to come up with many numbers and ideas. They also had to debate with the financial groups and multinational corporations, and it was certainly not an easy task.

In the end, the federal government with the help of the brilliant calculation abilities of Gaia decided to compensate everyone. To make this system work, they also created a new term which was achievement value.

This meant that their personal assets were weighed against a compensation value and what they got wasn't financial data but an achievement value.

The reason why they didn't get new financial data was that most physical assets were left on earth and an economic system without fixed capital was a bunch of useless numbers which couldn't buy you anything.

Achievement value was going to play an essential part in planet Hope. It was similar to merit points, which players could use to buy different permission levels.

The federal government split the permission levels into SSS, SS, S, A, B, C, D, E, F. Nine levels, different permission levels would get you different resources and different statuses in society.

The SSS permission level was unique, and only Gaia had it. To activate this permission meant one needed to check the core data of Gaia and one needed to get 75% agreement by the people before he could use it.

SS permission level was also unique, and it belonged to the president, and it was only when he was in power. When his term ends, the permission level will be passed to the next president.

Which meant that the max that ordinary residents could get was the S permission level.

The F level required one to have no less than 100 points, and up every level, the points required will increase by 10 times. So for one to get an S level, he needed at least 100 million achievement value.

The compensation lowest value was 0.01, and the highest was 0.0001. The higher one's assets, the lower the compensation value. If a resident had less than 10 thousand credit, he would get the 0.01 compensation value. If he had more than 100 million credits, he would have 0.0001 compensation value.

In other words, a person with 10 thousand credits would obtain 100 achievement value. A rich man with 100 million credit would get 10 thousand achievement value and obtain the D permission level. A person with 10s of billions would be able to get A million achievement value and get the B permission level.

In the whole world, only the father of the Free County Lord Jack Dawson, Yabu Dawson had 100s of billions of credit and could obtain 10 million achievement value and obtain the permission level.

The compensation value didn't only take into account one's assets but also one's occupation. Of course, this targeted scientists, scholars, researchers, artists, etc.

Based on the results from Gaia, out of the billion migrants, 200 million got the lowest F level, mostly underage kids who could only reach the basic 100 achievement value.

For example, Bing'er only had 100 achievement value. Her smart pet, Xue'er, was considered a personal item as you could bring it on board and thus wasn't calculated into private assets.

The remaining 800 million were mostly E permission levels. Those that got a D permission level were only around a million people, who were those with 100 million in net worth, including scientists, researchers and political personnel.

Those that obtained the B permission level had only 500 people including billionaires, national treasure level scientists and high-grade officials in the federal government.

As for the A level, there were less than 10. Their identities were kept an enormous secret. As for whether anyone got the S level, it was an even bigger secret. Ouyang Shuo estimated that there would be no more than 3 people.

Ouyang Shuo had obtained the E level with 2000 achievement value, mainly because of the 800 thousand credits in his account.

Strictly speaking, the compensation system was a massive disadvantage for the strong powers. Rich folk would only be higher than an average person in regards to their permission level.

When the system was revealed, it faced much disagreements from the strong powers. Both parties took a step back and agreed that Earth Online wouldn't make any promotions and would start a year early to give these big powers a lead.

So why did they pay so much importance to Earth Online? Was it just only because there were authentic secret manuals? No, the reason was that there was a second chance to obtain achievement value.

This was to give commoners a chance to come back and have a higher starting point in planet Hope. It was also to calm down commoners from being angry that the rich who had lost everything still obtained such high permission levels. The federal government set that before reaching planet Hope, Gaia would calculate all the player's assets and based on a specific ratio change it to achievement value.

Please take note that this change didn't have any reducing factors, meaning that the higher your assets, the more achievement value you would receive.

This was also Ouyang Shuo's end goal to obtain a lead and raise his permission level and as such forge a strong base when he entered planet Hope.

Apart from that, there was a bonus for lord game mode players.

Based on the data from the exploring squad, the area of planet Hope was 10 thousand times that of the Earth. The land was very vast, and 1 billion migrants wouldn't make any waves when entering planet Hope.

This was normal as in the universe the earth was considered a small planet.

Such a vast planet needed people to explore. At this time, lord game mode players could be sent into the fray. This was the real reason for Earth Online being so real.

To be able to survive in the game, fight for 10 years, and be destroyed by others, such a lord had the rights to be a pioneer in reality.

In reality, there naturally weren't any refugees spawning or a teleportation formation. These two were the two enormous insurances for lord game mode players to gain a footing in the wilderness.

However, the many robots could entirely replace the refugees. As for the teleportation formation, the skytrain wasn't that bad an alternative.

As for a management squad, the federal government had a way to solve it for the lords which was cyborgs.

The NPCs in the game all had their own minds, and the federal government could transfer those into the body of cyborgs and make them seem as real as actual humans.

This meant that as long as the lord game mode players had a high enough permission level, they could replicate their generals and officials in real life to help them continue to build their territory and become a pioneer in planet Hope.

This was because the cost of making a cyborg was very high, considering it was half machine. Furthermore, they were split into different levels. The higher the level, the higher the cost.

So, the fighting in the game was significant, and one didn't have even a moment to rest.



* * *





Chapter 185




Chapter 185 - System Update



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



After Ouyang Shuo viewed the information on achievement value and confirming that it was the same as the last life, he turned his attention to check if the season update was too. He was terrified that he might’ve triggered a butterfly effect.

(1): Regarding death settings: Players’ death penalty wasn't like before where they would just lose 1 level. Instead, they would lose all their items other than those in storage and fall back to level 0.

The death punishment was to prevent players from swarming people with player quantities.

For example, Zhan Lang’s Blood Red County had formed an army filled with purely players. If players died and they only lost one level, while the enemy troops died when they were killed, then in the late game when players got to a high level, a player army would be unstoppable.

This kind of player quantity technique was entirely against the balance of the game and naturally wouldn't be allowed.

(2) Regarding the teleportation formation, now only people could be transported and not items unless the items were in the player’s storage bag.

For example, when Ouyang Shuo ordered Wang Yuanfeng to go over to Fallen Phoenix Town to help and bring over the triple-bow acruballistas, that was also not allowed anymore. Unless Ouyang Shuo had big enough of a storage space and could store the bed crossbow himself before personally sending it there.

The settings of the teleportation formation were to prevent players from smuggling.

That's right. It was smuggling.

If one smuggled things using the storage bag, as it had limited space, teleporting multiple times, the fee might even be equal to the trading cost, so it wasn't too worth it.

Of course, to prevent that was impossible, it was just to prevent rampant smuggling.

(3): Regarding the market setting: The advanced market would now have 2 platforms, mainly the resource trading platform, special items trading platform. At the same time, there would be a new auction platform which was a combination of the old one and also the business trading platform, it would allow players to list items instantly and would be called the super auction platform.

On the platform, regardless of are you a lord game mode or adventure game mode player, or an NPC guild in the system's imperial city, you can list an item, place an order, take an order and also buy the item.

Placing an order would be to list your requirements and what you wanted to buy. Listing an item would be to sell your item. Taking an order would be to accept another player’s listing. Purchasing the item would be to buy the item that was put up for sale.

Every transaction completed at the super auction platform, the system would collect 10% tax from the buyer, as compared to the original 20%, it was half.

The main difference between the old and new systems was that there was now a price war mechanism. The price of an item would depend on supply and demand and wasn't like previously when it was based on a stable system price.

Another difference was that special items wouldn't be sold by the system, including building blueprints. Players had to go onto the platform to trade, it was not as quick, and there were not as many items as before.

As for building blueprints, they were only sold in the system imperial city. The lord had to either find someone to buy it for him or buy it from sellers on the super auction platform.

Apart from that, there were new items on the list of unsellable items, including the military grain pill, the Xingjun tent, alchemical fire oil, etc. military resources. If the lord wanted to get such items, he had no choice but to smuggle them.

Such a setting was because the lords have all gone through half a year in the game and they wouldn't need to rely so much on the market anymore. Thus there was no need for the market to be like a babysitter.

The change in the market at the right time was also a test for lords.

(4) Regarding the relay setting: Players sending items including letters had to do so through the relay. The distance between relays, the weight, and size of the item and the value would all be taken into account to determine the price.

This meant that the relay would take over the pigeon letters for players to send information. If one wanted to talk, they could either use the channel or send the letter through the relay.

Removing pigeon letters was basically to prevent spies from spreading information on the battlefield. At the current moment, players could use the national channel, alliance channel and guild channel.

The method that Ouyang Shuo used previously to send the item to Song Jia had been banned, and if he wanted to do so, even with gold, he had to go through the relay.

The settings of the relay made use of this basic building from the grade 2 town. It also set a restriction on packages to prevent players from sending items anywhere, at anytime, and also to preventing trolls.

(5): With regards to time: All things in the game, like plants and animals, would follow real time, and the increased growth speed from before had been canceled.

This change was to increase the realism of the game further. For example, the wild pigs and cows that Shanhai County reared, which needed 3 months originally now needed half a year or even a full year.

(6) Regarding military settings, one is the adjustment to soldier ranks, officially adding rank 10-12 ranks above elite soldier, as an elite war soldier. The second was the change in military forces and to increase the specialty of the force. Divisions and above could undergo training, and upon succeeding, the division would obtain their own specialty.

After advancing the soldier rank, elite soldiers now had two choices: either change class to a basic general or continue to become elite war soldiers, adding combat power to the military.

Each had their pros, and it depended on the lord to choose.

These new settings increased the choices in military play and increased many possibilities.

(7) With free regards to the free mode setting, the items that players design had to be recognized by the system and given stats. If not, they wouldn't have any use.

(8): Regarding the lord’s rank: Above Duke rank, there were new ranks, from prince to emperor. When one reached prince, he could build his country and be called a king. The requirement of a prince was 2 million merit points, double that of a duke.

As for the game updates, it was just the 8 above. What kind of effects they would bring about, only time would tell.

Apart from the system update, Gaia also published an article on how to differentiate between authentic and fake secret manuals. Without thinking, the prices of the authentic secret manuals would rise dramatically. Ouyang Shuo wanted to know how much money he would be able to earn from the 120 gold secret manuals that he had accumulated.

Ouyang Shuo went out of the forums, the moment he got back into the game, a system notification appeared in his ear.

“System notification: Half a year has passed, and many heroes have appeared. The territory leaderboard, guild leaderboard and celebrity leaderboard have officially been opened.”

“System notification: Half a year has passed, and many heroes have appeared. The territory leaderboard, guild….”

“System notification: Half a year has passed, and many heroes have appeared…..”

The 3 most powerful rankings had been officially opened, Ouyang Shuo opened them and checked them one by one.

Firstly was the territory rankings, an important ranking for the lord players.

Ranking- Territory

1st- Shanhai County (Qiyue Wuyi)

2nd- Pill Sun County (Chun Shenjun)

3rd- Fallen Phoenix County (Feng Qiuhuang)

4th- Blood Red County (Zhan Lang)

5th- Consonance County (Bai Hua)

6th- Swordsman County(Feng Qingyang)

7th- Handan County (Di Chen)

Note: The rankings only took note of those of rank county and above, those of similar grade were split by who upgraded first

Ranking - Guild

1st- Blood Evil Mercenary Group (Blood Romance)

2nd- Snow-war Rose mercenary Group (War Rose)

3rd- Jianqi Zongheng (Yijian Xilai)

4th- 18 Horsemen of Yanyun (Yanzi Lisan)

5th- Jin Yi Wei (Xiuchun Knife)

6th- Liuguang Pavillion (Jun Yilao)

7th- Thread (Qing Sikou)

8th- Qingfeng Pavillion (Moon Shines Over The River)

9th- Tingyu Floor (Jianqi Leiyin)

10th- Laojun Temple (Priest Qingniu)



Out of the 10 mercenary groups, only Blood Evil Mercenary Group and the War Rose Mercenary Group were the strongest while the rest were pretty balanced.

Jianqi Zongheng mainly accepted paladins, 18 Horsemen of Yanyun mainly accepted generals, Jin Yi Wei primarily accepted runners, Liuguang Pavillion primarily accepted healers, and Laojun Temple primarily accepted priests.

Qingfeng Pavillion and Tingyu Floor mainly accepted spies and did intelligence work.

The Thread was the most special as they mainly took in work occupation players. They were the most different but could still get to the 7th spot, from that one could see how strong they were.

Ouyang Shuo also knew that Qingfeng Pavillion was the guild for Consonance Studio, and the guild leader Moon Shines Over The River was Bai Hua’s brother.

Yijian Xilai and Jianqi Leiyin were originally a couple, but after they had quarrels, they broke up and built their separate guilds in Earth Online.

Jianqi Leiyin was furious, and as such he changed his ID, treating Jianqi Zongheng as his enemy.



* * *





Chapter 186




Chapter 186: TWO Chapter 186 - Meeting Up Part 1

Chapter 186 - Meeting Up Part 1



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora.



Finally, there was the celebrity leaderboard—the only leaderboard that took into account all players in the game.

1st- Qiyue Wuyi

Evaluation: Shanhai City lord, first rank earl. He has climbed to the top of the world three times and has become the number one celebrity. To make so many waves, he deserves his ranking.

2nd: Blood Romance

Evaluation: Leader of the blood evil mercenary group, 1st rank out of the adventure mode players. In terms of both personal combat ability and guild strength, he is at the peak of the China region.

3rd; Di Chen

Evaluation: Handan City lord, 3rd rank earl. He was originally in the top 10 of the world but the times have changed and he has dropped. To be able to climb back up, he is certainly a fighter.

4th: Feng Qingyang

Evaluation: Swordsman City Leader, Qingyang sword sect sect leader, rank 3 earl. Built the first sect in the China region, having both the brains and the brawn.

Note: The celebrity leaderboard only records people with huge influence, so if they weren’t famous people or influential, they wouldn’t be able to get in.

The celebrity leaderboard is the most stringent ranking and only accepts four people at the moment. Everyone would not only get a system evaluation, but they can also get an extra reward.

As expected, a system notification rang in Ouyang Shuo’s ear.

“System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for being ranked first on the celebrity leaderboards. 10% increase to historical figure’s favor, rewarded 10 thousand reputation points.”

To date, this was the highest reputation point reward he had obtained.

After he checked the leaderboards, Ouyang Shuo finally had some time to contact little aunt, Sun Xiaoyue, Song Jia, and Liumo. Unfortunately, as there was no more pigeon letter, he could only go back to the office and write a letter to them.

To little aunt, Ouyang Shuo had nothing much to say. He only invited her and Xie Siyun to come to Shanhai City to look around.

In the letter to Sun Xiaoye, Ouyang Shuo wrote about his identity and asked her for a list of names that her grandfather had gathered. This would let Ouyang Shuo add them to the teleportation formation.

Apart from that, the members of the Fallen Moon Guild that were willing to move to Shanhai City could also send a list of names.

At the end of the letter, he also asked Sun Xiaoyue about the situation with the Cui family. He instructed her to teleport over only after she made contact with them.

In the letter to Song Jia, he told her his identity, and also raised up the topic of working together with Tianshuang Town.

Ouyang Shuo wrote that he couldn't allow them to enter the Shanhai Alliance at this time, but Shanhai City could have a one-way alliance with Tianshuang Town. This alliance would give them similar weapons and equipment buying permissions.

Ouyang Shuo had so much to consider, so he couldn't be too personal. He also had to fulfill his promise to her.

To the weapon specialist Liumo, Ouyang Shuo directly added his ID Zidan Chutang to the teleportation formation and asked him to teleport over. Of course, it was best if he could bring his family along.

In reality, Ouyang Shuo had a few conversations with Liumo. Ouyang Shuo knew that he had gone home to reunite with his family after Ouyang Shuo had persuaded him, so they should be in the game together now.

After he finishe

d the letters, he called his servant to send the letters to the relay. After the city was refreshed and reorganized, the relay was now at the second northgate, located five kilometers away from the lord’s manor. Obviously, Ouyang Shuo wouldn’t send it himself.

As for the sending costs, it was just one to two silver. He could ask Zisu for it when he returned. The second day that Zisu came to the Lord’s manor, Siqin passed the treasurer position of the jewelry shop to her. Zisu also became the manager of the Lord’s manor.

After he learned this, Ouyang Shuo allowed Siqin to manage the blusher powder shop.

Of course, be it the jewelry shop or the blusher powder shop, they all belonged to the Lord’s manor as Ouyang Shuo’s personal property. As such, all the profits would go to him.

……

Jianye, the base of the Snow-War Rose mercenary group.

Lin Jing took the letter from the postman Then, she covered her mouth, as she laughed.

Xie Siyun asked curiously, “Jing Jing, who’s the letter from?”

“Your guess?”

Xie Siyun pondered, “Was it your nephew?”

“Smart!”

Xie Siyun shook her head and said, “So, can you tell me now who exactly is your nephew?”

Lin Jing’s mood was exceptionally good, and she smiled, “You say, who is the most famous in the China region?”

“Who is the most famous?” Xie Siyun thought about it, “The most famous one would be the guy on the top of the celebrity leaderboard, Shanhai City lord Qiyue Wuyi.”

Xie Siyun’s mouth was agape, as she struggled to speak. This kind of situation rarely happened to this ice queen.

“Jing Jing, you… you wouldn't be telling me that Qiyue Wuyi is your nephew, right?”

“Bingo, you got it right.”

This made Xie Siyun utterly speechless, “No wonder you and your nephew have been so secretive lately. Even when you reached Shanghai, he didn't want to stop and immediately boarded the spaceship.”

Lin Jing opened the letter and took a look and smiled, “No matter what, this is a huge help for our mercenary group. You should know that Little Shuo has won three weapon and equipment crafting manuals during the auction. Are you confident in the cooperation now?”

Lin Jing was gloating. Her nephew was so strong and even shocked the usually calm Xie Siyun beyond words.

Xie Siyun was also a special talent, so she was able to quickly calm herself down, “Jing Jing, you are right, Shanhai City is a very suitable partner. What did he write in the letter?”

Lin Jing nodded, “En, Little Shuo invited us to visit Shanhai City. I guess it's to discuss future cooperation. So, are you interested?”

“Of course. That's the first city in the world. Of course, we have to go and take a look.” Xie Siyun agreed.

…

Quanzhou, Blacksmith Shop.

Zidan Chutang, who was Liumo, had received Ouyang Shuo’s letter and laughed,”My brother is actually so incredible.”

Liumo placed down the letter and told the manager of the shop, “Manager, I want to resign!”

“Resign? Young man, you have only been working for how long? You can't be too ambitious and think that you have learned a bit and become so arrogant.” The manager’s words were a little harsh.

Liumo didn't really care and waved it off, “Manager, you don't need to try and persuade me. You don’t need to give me the remaining salary.” Following these words, he walked out of the blacksmith shop. He gave the other apprentices in the shop a chic back view, as he walked out.

Liumo walked through the streets and alleys. Finally, he reached the house that he had rented. It was old and squeezy and the hygiene wasn't good either.

However, such conditions were already considered good amongst players. One could imagine what it was like for each system imperial city to suddenly have tens of millions of new players.

When he reached home, Liumo instantly wrote a reply letter and told his parents’ IDs to Ouyang Shuo.

After he sent the letter, he smiled, as he said to his parents, “Dad, mom pack up, we will move to a new place.”

His parents were both over 50. They didn't expect that they would have to live in such conditions when they entered the game. These conditions were even worse than their house in real life.

Luckily, their son had decided to come back to their side, which was more important than anything else. Furthermore, when they saw their son work so hard at the blacksmith, the two elderly felt bad. They felt that they were burdening their son.

When they heard that they were going to move, they thought that Liumo was facing some problems. They asked worriedly, “Son, did you face difficulties at work?”

Liumo’s eyes were wet. Ever since he came back to his parents’ side, he realized how sorry he was and how much he had owed them, “Dad, mom I’m fine, it's a good thing.”

“Good thing?” His parents were confused.

Liumo nodded with conviction, “That's right. Do you still remember the little brother I met when I was living alone in the old city?”

“Mo’Er, are you referring to the guy that persuaded you to come home?” His parents were a little emotional.

To the person that managed to persuade their son to change his mind, the two elderly were very grateful.

“Yes, it's him. He sent me a letter and told me his identity in game. He's actually the most famous guy in the game, the lord of Shanhai City. He has invited us to live at his territory,” Liumo explained.

The two parents were emotional but also worried, “Mo’er if we go like this, will we disturb him and create problems for him?”

“Don't worry, this brother is a very bold person. Furthermore, we won't be freeloading off him when we go to Shanhai City. Based on what he said, he could use my talent when I am there.”

“Good good good!” Only then were they at ease. They were really a bunch a cute and traditional Chinese people.

……

Quanzhou, Tianshuang Town.

Song Jia opened the letter. After she read it, a smile appeared on her face, “Stupid blockhead, you really were not bragging.” In truth, Song Jia liked Ouyang Shuo as a person. No matter what he achieved in the game, she would only feel happy for him.

She was happy now, as his achievements were definitely enough to stop her family from preventing them from being together.

Now, she was curious. What would happen when this letter was passed to her grandfather, and what reaction would that stubborn old man have? After all, Song Jia was still a bit angry at her grandfather for not telling her and arranging the marriage with the Yuan family.



* * *





Chapter 187




Chapter 187: TWO Chapter 187 - Meeting Up Part 2

Chapter 187 - Meeting Up Part 2

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora.

Dali, Fallen Moon Guild base.

"Grandpa! Ouyang Shuo has sent us a letter!" Sun Xiaoyue walked into the little house, as her face bustled with excitement.

At that moment, her grandpa was playing chess with a few elderly fellows. When he heard those words, he lifted his head and acted angry, "That brat, he exaggerated so much on the phone and now he leaves us in Dali for one full month. I'm going to beat him up the next time I see him."

The others followed suit and teased, "Old Sun, with your old bones, are you sure you can beat him up? Do you need my help? Haha."

Old Sun was furious, "Old Li, you aren't any better, and you still dare to say that to me."

Sun Xiaoyue gave up, as she couldn't deal with this bunch of old kids, "All you grandpas, do you all actually want to leave Dali? If you want to, let me finish!"

"Say say!" Old Sun asked everyone to quieten down, "I want to listen and learn who exactly is that little brat in this game, making it so mysterious and making us wait."

Sun Xiaoyue playfully laughed, "Grandpa, you will be shocked when I tell you. He's actually the strongest and most mysterious lord in China, Shanhai City lord Qiyue Wuyi."

"What? Shanhai City? The only grade 2 city in China?" He was expectedly shocked.

"Ya, there is only one Shanhai City in China..."

Old Sun's calmness was a lot better than Xie Siyun, as this bunch of old men had seen so many things. He stroked his beard. This beard was what he had specially added when he created his character in the game. He gleefully said, "Not bad, that kid is not bad."

"Grandpa, are you going to teleport there now or wait for me?" Sun Xiaoyue asked.

"What do you mean little brat? You aren't going now?" Old Sun was confused.

Sun Xiaoyue nodded, "I need to go to Cui Manor to help spread some words from Ouyang Shuo."

"How much time could that waste? We have already spent a month here, so what's a few hours difference? You brat, it's better if you go together with us," Old Sun cared a lot about his granddaughter.

"Ok, grandpa. I'll make a move first."

"Go!"

……

10 Am, Liumo and his parents arrived in Shanhai City.

Ouyang Shuo received the system notification and had reached there early to receive them.

Luckily, the teleportation fees could be deducted from the Four Seas Bank account. If not, the poor Ouyang Shuo couldn't even afford their teleportation fees.

"Ouyang!" When he saw him, Liumo became a bit emotional.

Ouyang Shuo walked up and hugged him, "Brother Liu!" Following this, he greeted Liumo's parents.

After the greetings, he invited them to the Lord's manor to sit.

When he saw the majestic manor, Liumo was amazed, "Ouyang Shuo, it's really not bad."

Ouyang Shuo looked on quietly. He obviously knew that Liumo would be amazed. In his last life, both of them had lived tough lives, and they even had to cause Bing'er to have a tough life too.

In truth, Ouyang Shuo had advised the Construction Division to build 100 exquisite little houses in the west region. These buildings were the official living quarters for these special people and their family.

10:30 AM, Linjing and Xie Siyun came together.

Ouyang Shuo let Mr. Xiwen accompany them to the guest room, while he walked out of the Lord's manor to welcome little aunt. Before he left, he also specially went to

the backyard to bring Bing'er along.

When she heard that her little aunt was coming, Bing'er was delighted and brought Xue'er and little black along.

"Little aunt!" As Lin Jing walked out of the teleportation formation, Bing'er dashed up.

Lin Jing adored this cute niece. Although they haven't met many times, they had a close bond.

Lin Jing, carried her and asked, "Bing'er, are you used to the game?"

"En!" Bing'er nodded saying happily, "Little aunt, it's so fun here. There are so many good food and nice clothes!"

Only then did Lin Jing notice Bing’er’s clothes, a red princess dress. Master tailor Qing’er sewed the dress from colored silk and made it exquisite and beautiful.

Lin Jing nodded, "It seems like little Shuo had taken good care of Bing'er."

Ouyang Shuo looked over to Xie Siyun and nodded in greeting. To this “uncle-in-law”, Ouyang Shuo really didn't know what to call her and how to talk to her, which made the atmosphere a little embarrassing.

"Little aunt let’s go to the manor. There are also a few guests there," Ouyang Shuo laughed.

"Sure, who else came?" Lin Jing couldn’t resist.

Ouyang Shuo didn't mind. Ever since the spaceships launched, he had nothing to worry about,

"It's a Brother that I met in real life. He's a thermal weapon specialist."

"Thermal weapon." Xie Siyun who had kept quiet couldn’t help but react. Not only did she have acute senses, but she also had a good understanding of the game. As such, she instantly had a series of thoughts.

"That's right."

"Little brat, you are really ambitious, ah."

Ouyang Shuo laughed, but he didn't say anything.

When she walked into the lord's manor, Lin Jing became amazed and teased, "Little Shuo, your manor is so huge, even bigger than our guild base."

Before Ouyang Shuo could reply, Bing'er started bragging, "Little aunt, the house I'm staying in is much prettier than here, and there's also a garden."

In the guest room, Ouyang Shuo did a simple introduction of both parties.

When Ouyang Shou saw that Liumo's parents were a little out of place, he laughed, "Brother Liu, let's go and take a look at the house I arranged for you. If auntie and uncle aren't pleased, we can add other things!"

"Great!" Liumo was also a person that wasn't good with words. In front of the two beauties, he felt weird and wanted to get away.

Ouyang Shuo called for Yingyu and asked her to accompany little aunt and Xie Siyun. Bing'er suggested to bring little aunt to view her room.

Ouyang Shuo brought Liumo and his parents out of the west gate and into the west region.

The west region was the officials’ living quarters, so the living conditions were superior to elsewhere. The green brick build houses took up to 400 to two thousand square feet.

Apart from the group of houses, the official living quarters also had a farmer market, a relay, hospital, a private college, a dojo, a pharmacy, a jewelry shop, a hotel, and more facilities.

Hence, it was pretty much a self-sufficient region.

There were many different trees planted on the two sides of the roads. There was even a 10 thousand square meter public park planned in the middle of the residence quarters.

Today, this park was named Nanfang park, and it was still being built.

Including all these amenities and facilities, the number of courtyards in the residence quarters still reached 2500, which was enough to last until it reached a prefecture. One must know that during the Tang Dynasty, the number of inner officials was only around 2600 people.

Such a huge region obviously couldn't be finished in such a short time. It would at least take a year.

Ouyang Shuo specially planned for the 100 courtyards to be designed differently. It wasn't like the olden southern closed-type courtyards but the modern day villas. Each courtyard had its own back garden and took up 1000-2000 square meters.

To date, 50 villas in the villa region had been built. In a month, the rest will also be completed.

Ouyang Shuo led them to a two thousand square meter villa and laughed, "This was the house I prepared for you. How is it, can you stay here?"

Liumo shook his head, "Of course we can, even in real life we couldn't afford such a place. Compared to our house in Dali, it's like comparing heaven to earth."

"As long as you are pleased," Ouyang Shuo turned, "Uncle and auntie, from now onward, Shanhai City is your home. I won't disturb you anymore."

Ouyang Shuo said goodbye and left, giving them some space.

"Mo'er, seems like you really made an incredible brother. You must work hard and not let him down," his Father said strictly.

Liumo nodded, "Father relax! Let's go into our house!"

Ouyang Shuo didn't bother Liumo to view his own house and went back to the Lord's manor.

The concierge told him that they were all in the back garden.

Ouyang Shuo strolled in and expectedly heard her crisp laughter.

Ever since the territory upgraded to grade 1 city, Ouyang Shuo had very rarely come to this garden. Bing'er, on the other hand, had become a frequent visitor.

The whole garden was similar to Suzhou Park but also had elements of Guangxi and Lingnan, which made it very unique.

The park had many natural elements and being in a bustling city, going into the park could allow one to relax in nature. The changes in the Four Seasons and the differences it brought to the plants allowed one to be able to have a feel of the wilderness while still being in a city.

In the park, there were ponds and small hills. There were also many different flowers and plants, so it was a very interesting place.

Definitely what attracted Bing'er the most was the different flowers and the fruit trees.

The fake mountains and pond became her playground, and she would spend the whole day here. Sometimes, she would even drag Zisu and Banxia to play hide and seek with her.



* * *





Chapter 188




Chapter 188-189

Chapter 188 - Cooperation

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

At noon, Ouyang Shuo was in Lord's manner, as he took care of Xie Siyun. He had received Sun Xiaoyue's reply, and he knew that she would be bringing a bunch of players to Shanhai City in the afternoon.

The players that she brought over were split into two groups.

The most important group was the professionals. A total of 30 professionals including ship maker, economist, chemist, doctor, mechanic, engineer, agriculture, and many other professions.

The 30 professionals and their family totaled at 150 people. Each was arranged a 2000 square meter courtyard.

The 2nd portion were the members of the Fallen Moon Guild, who also brought their family.

As of now, Fallen Moon Guild had a total of 400 members. When Sun Xiaoyue announced that Shanhai City was willing to accept fallen moon members, 350 of them instantly agreed to move there.

The remaining 50 weren't willing to move, as they had already gained a footing in the imperial city. As their wills were different, so would their paths differ from one another, hence, Sun Xiaoyue kicked them out of the guild.

The members of the guild brought their families along and numbered a total of 1850. In addition to the 150 people of the professional team, a total of 2000 people teleported over from Dali.

The core members of the Fallen Moon Guild were the alchemist Luoye, the bridge designer Wuchi, city planner Hui Tuban, map plotter Jiu Duanxian as well as Sun Xiaoyue's two ex-roommates—Qinruo and Pan Qiaoqiao. As for their two boyfriends, they had the combat occupation, so they could only be normal members.

Ouyang Shuo arranged the core members into the official residence quarters. Each person took up a courtyard of around 1000 square meters. The remaining members were assigned to the residential area and were each given a basic courtyard.

Sun Xiaoyue moved to Shanhai City, so she couldn't teleport back to Dali. Furthermore, since Consonance studio's Qingfeng Pavilion was located there, Ouyang Shuo would rather just shift Fallen Moon out of there.

With that, Fallen Moon would become the first guild to locate themselves in Shanhai City and probably the only one that will.

Ouyang Shuo planned that if the work occupation players in Snow-War Rose wanted to move to Shanhai City, they would all be taken into Fallen Moon Guild.

Sun Xiaoyue rushed over from Dali and also brought what the Cui family had asked her to give to Cui Yingyu.

The Cui family had packed the gift into two large wooden boxes, one filled with the jewelry she usually wore and the other filled with gold, a full 10 thousand.

Based on their words, the 10 thousand gold was her allowance. As expected from a huge business group, their riches weren't something that Shanhai City could compare to.

Cui Yingyu didn't keep the money they sent by her side. Instead, she saved it into the Four Seas Bank, which became the biggest saving deal since its establishment.

When she saw that her older sister had an additional 10 thousand gold savings, Qing'er was so envious. She started to think about when she too could save up so much.

In truth, based on the profitability of the garment workshop, she would save 10 thousand gold sooner or later.

Cui Yingyu stored the money into Four Seas Bank. Every month, she could get 100 gold interest.

If Four Seas Bank could loan out this large sum of gold, they could get 300 gold in interest. One in one out, they would get a 200 gold profit a month.

This was the way that the Four Seas Bank earned money.

This sum of money helped to solve the current monetary problems of Shanhai City.

Ouyang Shuo was originally prepared to leave a sum of money at the end of the 6th month for the Four Seas Bank. Unfortunately, his buying spree caused him to use it all up.

As the territory's economy developed, the need for loans also increased. The 1350 gold that he had given to the Four Seas Bank in the 5th month had already been spent, so they could only rely on some of the savings to continue loaning out.

After they gained this amount of money, the Four Seas Bank would be able to sustain itself for a long time.

Apart from the two boxes of gifts, the Cui Family also sent a cooperation contract. As long as Ouyang Shuo agreed, it would be effective immediately. The contract stated that the Cui Chamber of Commerce would become the only agent of Shanhai City in Dali to sell Shanhai City's specialties and other resources.

Ever since the system updated, the sales tax dropped to

10%. This was the same as the tax on the territorial special products selling in the grocery store. This meant that the business advantage that the grocery store held didn't exist anymore, and they could just sell everything on the super auction platform. After all, the market to buy the products would be several times more than the system of the grocery shop.

As compensation, the Cui Chamber of Commerce would collect 2% of the agent fees from the year's sale. At the same time, they could also help Shanhai City look for rare resources around Dali and be their agent to buy those items.

After they bought the resources from Shanhai City, the Cui Chamber of Commerce would sell them at their numerous shops around Dali. They would earn the difference between the buying and selling price.

This was a win-win situation, so Ouyang Shuo didn't hesitate and immediately agreed.

In the future, Shanhai City would sell their resources on the super auction platform. After listing their products, it was assumed that the Cui Chamber of Commerce would purchase it. Only if they rejected the listing would it naturally flow to the market.

Of course, if the Cui Chamber of Commerce often rejected the listing, this would affect the base of the cooperation. Once this type of agent system was challenged, the cooperation would be unable to proceed.

In the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo took the gap between settling down the batch of people to discuss with Xie Siyun about the cooperation between Shanhai City and the Snow-War Rose mercenary group.

After both parties signed the contract, Shanhai City and Snow-war Rose mercenary group officially became strategic partners.

Snow-war Rose mercenary group had priority purchase on equipment from Shanhai City, while being given a 10% discount. As payment, they would look out for talented work occupation players in Jianye and recruit them to move to Shanhai City.

As both sides were still in the starting stages, further cooperation would depend on the circumstances and would change accordingly.

The Snow-War Rose mercenary group was the first party he gave a discount. Even his allies and Tianshuang Town didn't have such treatment, which showed how much Ouyang Shuo valued talent.

Of course, it was partially because of his relationship with his little aunt. After all, they were a family, and the monetary ability of a guild couldn't be compared to a territory.

Ouyang Shuo had his reasons for being willing to hire work occupation players for such a high price.

Compared to talented individuals amongst the residents, players had an advantage.

Firstly, they didn't need to fulfill any requirements to choose a job. After they created a character, they could choose any occupation, and the system would naturally give them a hidden talent for them to explore.

This was the same as the talent for combat occupations. However, one was used for combat and the other was for production, so they had totally different uses.

Hence, the number of work occupations amongst player was more than the talented NPCs amongst the refugees. One could only depend on luck to get such talented people, but they could just keep hiring players, so the difference in efficiency was incomparable.

Secondly, compared to NPCs, it was easier for players to break through bottlenecks. Thus, it was much easier for them to become master rank and higher. This had something to do with the biases of the system. In the future, work occupation players would start to attract a lot of attention.

Of course, players also had their deficiencies.

Firstly, some couldn't take the hard work and would waste their talent. For example, in sewing, if you the needle doesn't poke you several times a day, you couldn't be considered a passable tailor. Compared to other jobs like blacksmiths, tailoring was already an easy occupation. Those people who were brought up with a silver spoon obviously couldn't handle such hardships.

Secondly, players had to start from apprentices and needed a relatively longer time to train and develop. Like Sun Xiaoyue becoming an architect. She took a full two months to become an intermediate architect. The further behind, the longer time it took to upgrade, so one needed a lot of effort and patience.

Hence, only those people with resilience, who could take hardship and weren't afraid of loneliness could have a chance to become a real master. Most people drop out in the process.

5 PM, Xie Siyun and little aunt went back to Jianye.

At night, Ouyang Shuo was at Sangu Hotel to welcome the group of professionals with a banquet.

During the banquet, Ouyang Shuo announced his plans for the various professionals. Lianzhou College would hire all of them as professors. Each month they would earn 10 gold—similar to a secretary.

At the same

same time as teaching, they could—based on their profession or hobby—become an advisor for a department or division. Alternatively, they could open a research lab to research their interests.

The agriculture professional could apply to be an advisor for the agriculture division and guide them in changing the water irrigation system. They could guide farmers to change the way they planted crops to raise production as well as teach ways to deal with bugs to increase yield.

An economist could be the financial department advisor. Combined with their economic knowledge, they could perfect the tax system and create better policies to stimulate the economy.

Engineering professionals could become the advisors of the building division and advise them to come out with better tools or machines to lessen the workload and increase building efficiency.

A mechanical studies professional could become the advisor of the combat logistics division and help them create siege weapons and make modifications to the ladder, alchemical fire oil, cabinet, and the like.

Metallurgy professionals could be the advisor of the material reserves department and advise them on how to raise the refining level of the Langshan mining fields gold ore, various iron ores refining levels, and make modifications to the current smelting furnace.

All in all, this batch of professionals were a treasure trove. Although they were unable to do anything about the system restrictions on the technology tree, they could use their knowledge to improve and make modifications to each industry.

Of course, the premise was that they could to adapt to the territory and understand the situation before making changes to improve it.

If one said that agriculture, economics, engineering, mechanical studies, metallurgy were all the icing on the cake, Ouyang Shuo's main task was to build steam warships, guns, and cannons.

This plan involved many fields and needed the cooperation of many professionals. In addition to Liumo—the thermal weapon specialist, there were the alchemy workshops, the weapons workshops, and the other departments. Only then would it be possible to succeed.

*Ps, OR, alternatively, you can also,Support and vote for us if you like TWO

A discord server for TWO! Join us here-

And please do give RD's novel Rise of Humanity a try!

Chapter 189 - Xinan University

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

7th month, 2nd day, 10 a.m. Shanhai City meeting hall.

Ouyang Shuo gathered Fan Zhongyan, Xu Shuda, Elder Sun, ElderLi, and Sun Xiaoyue for a meeting. Elder Li was that old grandpa that was bickering with Elder Sun. He was the only architect out of the 30 professionals.

Last night, after he sent off all the professionals, Ouyang Shuo returned to the Lord's manor to think about the new structure of Lianzhou college.

When Lianzhou college was first set up, it was to develop civil servants. Today, with the addition of several professionals, it wasn't suitable to still call it a college. In the end, Ouyang Shuo decided to use the Qing Dynasty education system and renamed the Lianzhou college as Xinan University.

Ouyang Shuo looked around and introduced everyone to the structure of the new Xinan University, "Xinan University will temporarily set up three colleges, which are the economics college, natural science college, and the architectural college. The original economics, politics, and law departments will all be drafted into the economics college. They will remain in charge of producing civil servants. The remaining computing department will be in the new natural science college. Apart from that, business, economics, and auditing will all be in the economics college. They will be responsible for producing talents for the financial department and auditing division."

"Natural science college is like the name suggests, as it is the college for the sciences. A large portion of the professionals will become professors here. As for the last one, the architectural college," Ouyang Shuo turned toward Sun Xiaoyue, "The core members of Fallen Moon Guild are mostly graduated from the imperial city architectural college, and they also specialize in different areas. Hence, these members would form most of the architectural college."

"Currently, Xinan University would only have three colleges. In the future, there might be more."

Ouyang Shuo's change for the Lianzhou college was obviously nothing in the eyes of Elder Li and the modern people. However, in the eyes of Fan Zhongyan and Xu Shuda, it was something shocking.

Luckily, neither of them were stubborn. Moreover, Ouyang Shuo had used them a lot in

lot in the past half a year, so their thinking processes and views had slowly changed. They had slowly begun to accept modern thinking.

And this was what Ouyang Shuo really wanted.

After all, it wouldn't be suitable to make these officials into cyborgs in the future if he wanted them to help him deal with the real life territory without modern thinking.

Fan Zhongyan was the fastest to react, "I agree with the change to Lianzhou college."

Xu Shuda followed and expressed agreement.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, "Xu Shuda will be the principal of the Xinan University. The dean of the natural science college will be Old Sun; the dean of the architectural college will be Old li. As for the dean of economics college, Shuda do you have any suitable choices?"

Shuda pondered before he replied," Sire, I recommend professor Suze."

"Mr. Suze?" Ouyang Shuo felt a little surprised and asked with doubt," Mr. Suze is obviously a great choice, but he has said he is not interested in this career, will he agree?"

Shuda nodded, "Sire doesn't know that although he doesn't want such a career, he is very concerned with the teachings in Lianzhou College. Additionally, being the dean of the economics college is different from being a dean in Lianzhou college. You don't need to take control of everything and just one small piece. I have confidence that Suze will accept it."

"Good! So that's settled. The name change to Xinan University, the hiring of professors, and the expanding of the campus will be left to the culture and education division."

"Yes Sire!" Xu Shuda replied.

"The first stage of the expansion should be at least 50 times that of Lianzhou College. In the west region of the core region, a third was left for Xinan University. This time, they not only needed to increase classrooms, student hostels, canteens, teaching staff hostels, halls, tracks, garden, and more, but they had to make a beautiful environment for the students. The culture and education division must work together with the construction division and also invite some of the students from the architectural college to participate in the design. Then, allow me to inspect it," Ouyang Shuo described the future of the Xinan University blueprint to them.

"Yes sire!" Ouyang Shuo's description amazed Xu Shuda, who was really excited to begin.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and looked at Elder Li, "Elder Li, the overall design will be handed to you. For you to be the main architect, is that okay?"

Elder Li laughed, "Of course. Not bad, you're even making the blood of an old fogie like me boil."

Ouyang Shuo assigned 1000 mu of land in the core area to build the Xinan University. With that, one could see how much he focused on education and developing talent.

After Fan Zhongyan and Xu Shuda left, Ouyang Shuo turned and looked toward Elder Li and Elder Sun. Then, he laughed, "Elder Sun, Elder Li, I didn't ask you for your opinions just now. I hope you didn't mind."

Elder Sun waved him off, "Ouyang, since we are staying in Shanhai City, we will naturally follow your orders. You are the lord, so it's okay to respect us old fellows, but the one who makes the final choice is you."

"I've learned!" Ouyang Shuo clasped his hands.

Elder Sun nodded," It's okay, us bunch of old men have been lazing around for a month, so it's time for us to do some work. You can relax and pass the natural science college and architectural college to us!"

After Elder Sun finished, he left together with Elder Li.

In the end, only Sun Xiaoyue and Ouyang Shuo were left in the meeting hall. Yesterday, Ouyang Shuo was too busy, and both of them hadn't had a proper conversation.

"Xiaoyue, this time, I need to really thank you. Without you talking to your grandpa, Shanhai City wouldn't have gotten such great people," Ouyang Shuo said sincerely.

She looked at him with a complex expression, "We have not met for a few days and you really make me look at you differently. Ouyang, you really shock me."

Before the migration, Sun Xiaoyue always thought that Ouyang Shuo was being too safe for not even telling her his ID and acting so mysteriously.

When the truth was revealed, she didn't expect for him to be such a big fish, a big shark.

When Sun Xiaoyue saw Ouyang Shuo attending to the administrative matters with such focus, barking orders here and there, making historical figures like Fan Zhongyan listen to him, she really couldn't connect him to the homeboy in real life.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, "Xiaoyue, stop teasing me. I'm very happy that you came. You don't know how muchknow how much that little brat Bing'er misses you."

After he mentioned Bing'er, Sun Xiaoyue froze before laughing, "You have spoilt that little brat, she's practically a princess here in Shanhai City, and everyone is spoiling her. She even has maidservants following her around, why would she remember me?"

Ouyang Shuo laughed in embarrassment, "Are you jealous? You, ah, you really don't understand her? This kind cares a lot about relationships, and she has very flown close people. You are definitely one of them," Ouyang Shuo continued, "She even came to me last night to beg me to let you move into the Lord's manor, but I chided her. From this, one can see how much she relies on you."

Sun Xiaoyue was naturally living in the official residence quarters with her grandpa and family. In reality, circumstances had forced them to live apart previously. Now in the game, she had no reason to live away from her family.

The ones living in the Lord's manor were naturally Ouyang Shuo's family. Even though both of them had a little spark or that little misunderstanding, they could only be considered good friends.

"Oh ya," Ouyang Shuo remembered, "I feel geniuses that graduated from imperial city architectural college cannot be cooped up in Xinan University. The construction division is rebuilding and refreshing the territory. There are many places that need your help. I did some slight research and found out that those few of your friends are all talents."

"Based on my understanding, Shanhai City's constructions are nearly completed, so is there a need for us?"

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, "Why wouldn't there be? It looks good on the surface, but in truth it's still very much lacking. Not only is there the Xinan University, there are also water systems, bridges, and dams, because of the lack of guidance, these haven't been started. In this aspect, you are all the professionals."

"I understand," Sun Xiaoyue understood, "You want to modernize the city?"

"Smart!" Ouyang Shuo commended," In this period of time, you all need to inspect the city and raise up what you think needs to be changed. As long as it's logical, I will support it."

"No problem," Sun Xiaoyue replied.

"And also, after you settle down, as a guild leader you need to motivate the Fallen Moon Guild to do more quests and try to get the guild to silver rank. Fallen Moon Guild is the only recognized guild here. I estimate that the 1000 members will not be enough."

Sun Xiaoyue burst into a smile, "So, that means I as a guild leader still has something to do?"

"Of course. You are the future leader of our player group!"

"Okay, I will ask them to do quests. Furthermore, ranking up the guild will increase the specialty, which will be good for everyone. I don't think anyone will reject it," Sun Xiaoyue assured.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and agreed.

After Sun Xiaoyue left, Ouyang Shuo also left the meeting hall and walked out of the Lord's Manor.

Ever since the system upgraded, the two buildings by the side of the square in front of the Lord's manor had some changes.

Beside the east face of the teleportation formation, there was an eight meters tall stone hall and a squarish huge stone box. Even though it was a new building, there were fern and creepers growing on the walls, which made it look mysterious, and it seemed like a place that strangers shouldn't enter. This was the famous reincarnation hall.

All the players who lived in Shanhai City, after they died, they would reincarnate here.

The west side advanced market had also changed. The original market was a wooden hut and a small square, but now it became a huge building. The small square was not within it.

Inside the building, it was no different from the wooden hut.

Ouyang Shuo opened the super auction platform to search for authentic secret manuals. As expected, the price of a gold level secret manual had already risen to 400 gold. Moreover, it was still rising.

Ouyang Shuo remembered that in his last life, at the peak, an authentic gold secret manual cost 800 gold, but that was already the second year.

Ouyang Shuo naturally didn't want to wait until that time. As he saw it, if it rose to 700 gold, he would be willing to sell it.





*Ps, OR, alternatively, you can also,Support and vote for us if you like TWO

A discord server for TWO! Join us here-

And please do give RD's novel Rise of Humanity a try!



* * *





Chapter 189




Chapter 189: TWO Chapter 189 - Xinan University

Chapter 189 - Xinan University

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

7th month, 2nd day, 10 a.m. Shanhai City meeting hall.

Ouyang Shuo gathered Fan Zhongyan, Xu Shuda, Elder Sun, ElderLi, and Sun Xiaoyue for a meeting. Elder Li was that old grandpa that was bickering with Elder Sun. He was the only architect out of the 30 professionals.

Last night, after he sent off all the professionals, Ouyang Shuo returned to the Lord’s manor to think about the new structure of Lianzhou college.

When Lianzhou college was first set up, it was to develop civil servants. Today, with the addition of several professionals, it wasn’t suitable to still call it a college. In the end, Ouyang Shuo decided to use the Qing Dynasty education system and renamed the Lianzhou college as Xinan University.

Ouyang Shuo looked around and introduced everyone to the structure of the new Xinan University, "Xinan University will temporarily set up three colleges, which are the economics college, natural science college, and the architectural college. The original economics, politics, and law departments will all be drafted into the economics college. They will remain in charge of producing civil servants. The remaining computing department will be in the new natural science college. Apart from that, business, economics, and auditing will all be in the economics college. They will be responsible for producing talents for the financial department and auditing division."

"Natural science college is like the name suggests, as it is the college for the sciences. A large portion of the professionals will become professors here. As for the last one, the architectural college," Ouyang Shuo turned toward Sun Xiaoyue, "The core members of Fallen Moon Guild are mostly graduated from the imperial city architectural college, and they also specialize in different areas. Hence, these members would form most of the architectural college."

"Currently, Xinan University would only have three colleges. In the future, there might be more."

Ouyang Shuo’s change for the Lianzhou college was obviously nothing in the eyes of Elder Li and the modern people. However, in the eyes of Fan Zhongyan and Xu Shuda, it was something shocking.

Luckily, neither of them were stubborn. Moreover, Ouyang Shuo had used them a lot in the past half a year, so their thinking processes and views had slowly changed. They had slowly begun to accept modern thinking.

And this was what Ouyang Shuo really wanted.

After all, it wouldn’t be suitable to make these officials into cyborgs in the future if he wanted them to help him deal with the real life territory without modern thinking.

Fan Zhongyan was the fastest to react, "I agree with the change to Lianzhou college."

Xu Shuda followed and expressed agreement.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, "Xu Shuda will be the principal of the Xinan University. The dean of the natural science college will be Old Sun; the dean of the architectural college will be Old li. As for the dean of economics college, Shuda do you have any suitable choices?"

Shuda pondered before he replied," Sire, I recommend professor Suze."

"Mr. Suze?" Ouyang Shuo felt a little surprised and asked with doubt," Mr. Suze is obviously a great choice, but he has said he is not interested in this career, will he agree?"

Shuda nodded, "Sire doesn't know that although he doesn't want such a career, he is very concerned with the teachings in Lianzhou College. Additionally, being the dean of the economics college is different from being a dean in Lianzhou college. You don't need to take control of everythi

ng and just one small piece. I have confidence that Suze will accept it."

"Good! So that’s settled. The name change to Xinan University, the hiring of professors, and the expanding of the campus will be left to the culture and education division."

"Yes Sire!" Xu Shuda replied.

"The first stage of the expansion should be at least 50 times that of Lianzhou College. In the west region of the core region, a third was left for Xinan University. This time, they not only needed to increase classrooms, student hostels, canteens, teaching staff hostels, halls, tracks, garden, and more, but they had to make a beautiful environment for the students. The culture and education division must work together with the construction division and also invite some of the students from the architectural college to participate in the design. Then, allow me to inspect it," Ouyang Shuo described the future of the Xinan University blueprint to them.

"Yes sire!" Ouyang Shuo’s description amazed Xu Shuda, who was really excited to begin.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and looked at Elder Li, "Elder Li, the overall design will be handed to you. For you to be the main architect, is that okay?"

Elder Li laughed, "Of course. Not bad, you're even making the blood of an old fogie like me boil."

Ouyang Shuo assigned 1000 mu of land in the core area to build the Xinan University. With that, one could see how much he focused on education and developing talent.

After Fan Zhongyan and Xu Shuda left, Ouyang Shuo turned and looked toward Elder Li and Elder Sun. Then, he laughed, "Elder Sun, Elder Li, I didn’t ask you for your opinions just now. I hope you didn’t mind."

Elder Sun waved him off, "Ouyang, since we are staying in Shanhai City, we will naturally follow your orders. You are the lord, so it's okay to respect us old fellows, but the one who makes the final choice is you."

"I’ve learned!" Ouyang Shuo clasped his hands.

Elder Sun nodded," It's okay, us bunch of old men have been lazing around for a month, so it's time for us to do some work. You can relax and pass the natural science college and architectural college to us!"

After Elder Sun finished, he left together with Elder Li.

In the end, only Sun Xiaoyue and Ouyang Shuo were left in the meeting hall. Yesterday, Ouyang Shuo was too busy, and both of them hadn’t had a proper conversation.

"Xiaoyue, this time, I need to really thank you. Without you talking to your grandpa, Shanhai City wouldn't have gotten such great people," Ouyang Shuo said sincerely.

She looked at him with a complex expression, "We have not met for a few days and you really make me look at you differently. Ouyang, you really shock me."

Before the migration, Sun Xiaoyue always thought that Ouyang Shuo was being too safe for not even telling her his ID and acting so mysteriously.

When the truth was revealed, she didn't expect for him to be such a big fish, a big shark.

When Sun Xiaoyue saw Ouyang Shuo attending to the administrative matters with such focus, barking orders here and there, making historical figures like Fan Zhongyan listen to him, she really couldn't connect him to the homeboy in real life.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, "Xiaoyue, stop teasing me. I’m very happy that you came. You don't know how much that little brat Bing’er misses you."

After he mentioned Bing’er, Sun Xiaoyue froze before laughing, "You have spoilt that little brat, she's practically a princess here in Shanhai City, and everyone is spoiling her. She even has maidservants following her around, why would she remember me?"

Ouyang Shuo laughed in embarrassment, "Are you jealous? You, ah, you really don't understand her? This kind cares a lot about relationships, and she has very flown close people. You are definitely one of them," Ouyang Shuo continued, "She even came to me last night to beg me to let you move into the Lord’s manor, but I chided her. From this, one can see how much she relies on you."

Sun Xiaoyue was naturally living in the official residence quarters with her grandpa and family. In reality, circumstances had forced them to live apart previously. Now in the game, she had no reason to live away from her family.

The ones living in the Lord’s manor were naturally Ouyang Shuo’s family. Even though both of them had a little spark or that little misunderstanding, they could only be considered good friends.

"Oh ya," Ouyang Shuo remembered, "I feel geniuses that graduated from imperial city architectural college cannot be cooped up in Xinan University. The construction division is rebuilding and refreshing the territory. There are many places that need your help. I did some slight research and found out that those few of your friends are all talents."

"Based on my understanding, Shanhai City’s constructions are nearly completed, so is there a need for us?"

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, "Why wouldn't there be? It looks good on the surface, but in truth it's still very much lacking. Not only is there the Xinan University, there are also water systems, bridges, and dams, because of the lack of guidance, these haven't been started. In this aspect, you are all the professionals."

"I understand," Sun Xiaoyue understood, "You want to modernize the city?"

"Smart!" Ouyang Shuo commended," In this period of time, you all need to inspect the city and raise up what you think needs to be changed. As long as it’s logical, I will support it."

"No problem," Sun Xiaoyue replied.

"And also, after you settle down, as a guild leader you need to motivate the Fallen Moon Guild to do more quests and try to get the guild to silver rank. Fallen Moon Guild is the only recognized guild here. I estimate that the 1000 members will not be enough."

Sun Xiaoyue burst into a smile, "So, that means I as a guild leader still has something to do?"

"Of course. You are the future leader of our player group!"

"Okay, I will ask them to do quests. Furthermore, ranking up the guild will increase the specialty, which will be good for everyone. I don't think anyone will reject it," Sun Xiaoyue assured.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and agreed.

After Sun Xiaoyue left, Ouyang Shuo also left the meeting hall and walked out of the Lord’s Manor.

Ever since the system upgraded, the two buildings by the side of the square in front of the Lord’s manor had some changes.

Beside the east face of the teleportation formation, there was an eight meters tall stone hall and a squarish huge stone box. Even though it was a new building, there were fern and creepers growing on the walls, which made it look mysterious, and it seemed like a place that strangers shouldn’t enter. This was the famous reincarnation hall.

All the players who lived in Shanhai City, after they died, they would reincarnate here.

The west side advanced market had also changed. The original market was a wooden hut and a small square, but now it became a huge building. The small square was not within it.

Inside the building, it was no different from the wooden hut.

Ouyang Shuo opened the super auction platform to search for authentic secret manuals. As expected, the price of a gold level secret manual had already risen to 400 gold. Moreover, it was still rising.

Ouyang Shuo remembered that in his last life, at the peak, an authentic gold secret manual cost 800 gold, but that was already the second year.

Ouyang Shuo naturally didn't want to wait until that time. As he saw it, if it rose to 700 gold, he would be willing to sell it.





* * *





Chapter 190




Chapter 190-191

Chapter 190 - Medical Department



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



7th month 2nd day, 3 PM

Dr. Song walked into the lord's manor, feeling a lot of emotion.

He could be considered one of the old generation of Shanhai City, coming here on the second day of the village. He was also the first advanced talent in Shanhai Village, even the Financial Director Cui Yingyu was under his care before.

After the thing with the apprentice, Dr. Song placed down his self esteem and stayed in the hospital to take care of patients and also take care of apprentices. In half a year, he produced 50 apprentices of Shanhai City, 20 basic doctors, and 5 intermediate doctors.

When he just came to Shanhai Village, he was a valuable person. However today, as the territory continued to upgrade, the Lord's manor became more and more strict and not everyone could enter.

Last time when Ouyang Shuo had business with him, he would go personally to the hospital. Today, even if Ouyang Shuo sent someone to the hospital to invite him, it would be a huge honor.

In just half a year, Dr. Song had a feeling of being a nobody.

Seeing Dr. Song enter, the clerk Bai Nanpu stood up and smiled. "Elder Song, Sire is waiting for you in the guest room, please follow me."

Before he even walked into the guest room, he heard sounds of talking and laughter spread out from within.

He had a face filled with doubt and asked, "Mr Bai, does sire have any guests?"

Bai Nanpu smiled slightly. That's right, the one in the guestroom is a famous doctor that came yesterday, Elder Qian. Dont worry Old Song, Sire asked you here today for a good matter."

Dr. Song nodded and didn't say anything.

Walking into the guest room, sire was seated on the main seat, and below him was a white-haired old man, both of them in deep conversation.

"Sire, Elder Song is here." Bai Nanpu reminded.

Ouyang Shuo turned around and upon seeing Dr. Song, he laughed. "Elder Song, please sit."

Dr. Song sat down at the other side on the lower level.

Ouyang Shuo naturally wasn't as emotional as Dr. Song and said directly, "Elder Song, let me introduce to you, this is a doctor I've invited here, Elder Qian."

Elder Qian was one of the 30 professionals, and in reality he was a top-grade surgeon.

Before Elder Song arrived, Ouyang Shuo had asked Elder Qian to teach him the difference between Chinese and Western medicine.

Based on his introduction, Chinese medicine focused on preventing illnesses from happening. Western medicine emphasised curing the illness by immunization, diagnosis, operations and saving. Both of them improved each other and could co-exist but it was hard to integrate them.

Elder Qian was being honest that he had looked up to Chinese medicine for a long time and upon hearing Shanhai City had an Advanced doctor, he was excited. Hence upon hearing that Ouyang Shuo was willing to build a Medical Department, he automatically gave up the lead and wanted to be the deputy director.

In truth, to Ouyang Shuo, Elder Qian was of greater use. This was because he could develop military medics and send them to each unit to lessen the number of casualties.

After a simple introduction,Ouyang Shuo said, "A long time ago, I talked to you about a Medical Department. Now the time is right and i announce that Elder Song will be the director of the department while Elder Qian will be the deputy director. The Medical Department has a official background but doesn't have any administrative or political powers. It mainly focuses on developing doctors and military medics while also saving lives and curing patients. The Construction Division will build a department building for the Medical Department in the residential area, the territory medicine government could help to provide medical resources to the Medical Department."

Ouyang Shuo treated the Medical Department as a modern institution.

Dr. Song, who have always wished for such a thing, stood up emotionally and bowed to Ouyang Shuo. "Thank you sire! I won't let you down!"

Ouyang Shuo rushed to help him up and said, "I'll have to busy you, Old Song!"

After that, both Dr. Song and Elder Qian left together and discussed about the Medical Department.

After Ouyang Shuo sent them off, he finally had time to open the letter he received in the afternoon and read it.

This letter was from Song Jia.

In her letter, she said that she had already passed the letter to her grandpa. As Ouyang Shuo's identity was revealed, The Song family was naturally shocked and they felt conflicted.

They were happy that they didn't rush the marriage with the Yuan family, if not they would have missed the chance to get such

a powerful ally like Shanhai City. They were also worried that they were revealed to be materialistic in front of Ouyang Shuo and they were afraid that they were unable to earn his trust. They felt all that from Ouyang Shuo not being willing to get them into the Shanhai Alliance.

Hence, they spent a whole day discussing before coming to a conclusion.

The Song family had a huge business and the wealth was spread out amongst the hands of many family branches. During the calculation of the achievement value, the one with the highest was Song Jia's grandfather who got a C permission level. Apart from that, there were 5 more D permission levels which included Song Jia's father and her brother.

To fulfil their hope that their family could rise again in planet Hope, the Song family decided to all step back and only act as consultants, not participating in any decisions in Tianshuang Town. Song Wen was deemed as the heir to the family and thus he was given the managing rights of the town.

Hence, the cooperation between Tianshuang Town and Shanhai City would be managed by Song Wen. In Song Jia's letter, she mentioned that her brother was different from her grandfather and was more warm and kind-hearted.

As the family had just entered the game not long ago and have not adapted, Song Jia wanted to wait until everything settled down before moving to Shanghai City to reunite with Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo placed down the letter and opened the territory operation interface. As expected, he saw Song Wen's ally request which he accepted without hesitation.

……

In the next half a month, the game was calm and nothing much happened.

Be it the territories or the guilds, they were all digesting the changes from the system update and consolidating and adjusting their men.

The only huge news was that Xiong Ba's King Town had became the 8th City in China. Hence, in the territory leaderboard, there were only two empty names left.

During this half a month, Shanhai City has also been very busy.

The busiest was the Construction Division. Apart from continuing with the refreshing and renovating of the city, they also started work on the Xinan University. Other than that, there was also a series of municipal engineering projects.

Based on the standards that he had set, the main road, which was the central axis of 2nd grade roads, was 150 meters wide. The two smaller roads, which were the central axis of the third grade roads, were 100 meters wide. The 3rd grade roads, which were on the central axis of each region, were 60 meters wide. The 4th grade roads, which would separate the region, were 40 meters wide. 5th grade roads, which would further separate them into streets, were 20 to 25 meters wide.

Each road would have the middle portion higher and the sides lower, each side having a 2.5 meter wide drain with various wild plants and trees growing around it. All the drains would lead to the inner city river, through that to the canyon, and lastly into the North Sea.

All the materials used to make the streets were the same and were a mix of sand and mud. To prevent dust, a layer a small sand was placed on followed by a layer of green stone. Be it sand or stone, Shanhai City had lots of them. All the sand came from Beihai City, and it was very convenient to transport them.

This project would have Hui Tuban as the main architect.

Secondly would be the bridge and the water-gate projects.

As the inner city river was on both the west and east sides, passing through the 2nd city wall. To not leave any weakness in the city defences, water-gates were designed at these two spots. The water-gates were made using iron rods which through soldering, and were wielded into a hollow huge iron net, not only ensuring water flow but also preventing enemies from entering.

On the inner city river, there were 5 stone bridges. The suspension bridge outside the core region's north gate was removed and changed into a huge wooden door. In front of the north gate was 3 stone bridges, one main and 2 auxiliary ones leading to the main door and the side doors, respectively. Removing the suspension bridge was because Ouyang Shuo was confident no one would be able to attack the core area.

Apart from that, in the east area and the residence region, around the middle of the inner city river was a stone arch bridge to make in convenient for residents to travel.

The next step was to build a bridge across the river at the Friendship river, Qiushui river and the canyon to join up

up Shanhai City, Qiushui City and Friendship City.

Wuchi was in charge of this project, and he was the main architect.

This series of projects were only at the starting phase and to complete it all, it needed 3 months and over 8000 gold.

Out of the "three male gods" in Fallen Moon guild, the name of which they came up with by themselves, the third member also had heavy responsibilities.

Jiu Duanxian led a 100 man team and started to map out the entire area of Shanhai City, getting the coordinates of each landmark and the places of resources, as well as the rivers and seas.

This project was also going to take a long time.

Apart from the Construction Division, the Agriculture Division also had much to do.

The first season's rice harvest in Qiushui City and Friendship City had been harvested and they had obtained 13.2 million units of grain, exactly what Ouyang Shuo had expected.

Qiushui City and Friendship City, based on the 30 to 1 tax, would get 440 thousand units of grain. These units would be given to them as military grain, and they didn't need to give it to the main camp.

As they did not have sufficient funds, the Resource Division didn't start to buy the grain. They needed to wait until the end of the month before buying it all. The farmers, apart from the grain they needed to eat, were to sell the rest at 10 coppers per unit to the Resource Division.

The Resource Division then sold it to the people for 11 copper per unit. The price difference was for the storage fees and sales costs, and it wasn't that they really wanted to take the people's money.

*Ps, OR, alternatively, you can also,Support and vote for us if you like TWO

A discord server for TWO! Join us here-

And please do give RD's novel Rise of Humanity a try!

Chapter 191 - Research Institute No.7



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora



Snow-War Rose mercenary group had sent the first batch of lifestyle players into Shanhai City.

The players numbered 500, along with their families, totaled at 2,400. The Fallen Moon Guild absorbed all of them and arranged for them to stay in the residential area. He would give them the same benefits and status as ordinary guild members.

In this way, the Fallen Moon Guild officially had 850 members. They were close to the maximum limit of 1,000 members. This left Ouyang Shuo with no choice, so he could only hurry Sun Xiaoyue to upgrade the guild to the next rank. This upgrade would expand the maximum members limit. At the same time, the Fallen Moon Guild would slow down its rate of absorbing members. Instead, they would the allow Snow-War Rose mercenary group to handle the new members.

Fallen Moon Guild members consisted of talents all across every industry. However, most of them were still intermediate talents, some even basic talents. There was only a limited amount of those advanced talents.

Like the Earth Online aboriginals, the players were assigned to workshops, shops, or sites according to their respective talents. Their wage and work benefits would all be the same as the aboriginals. Of course, the four main workshops in the East district were restricted from players until Ouyang Shuo had determined their loyalties.

In this way, the players could earn money. At the same time, they could level their talent skills. Especially in a city like Shanhai, the territory's special properties could help lifestyle players easily break through in their talents.

A player's achievement values didn't only take into account their assets. It also accounted for the achievements one had achieved in their field of profession. As for lifestyle players, leveling their skills to the rank of God-level was their ultimate goal. In Ouyang Shuo's past life, no one in China region had achieved that ultimate goal yet.

Ever since the world online policy, players weren't allowed to log out for a long period of time. That said, there would be almost no difference between players and the aboriginals in the game anymore.

Ouyang Shuo simply had no reason to treat them differently.

Furthermore, in comparison to the aboriginals, the players had a worse discipline. Some players were still unable to fit into their current character. They looked down on the aboriginals, and they even fought with them. Otherwise, they would slack off from work, and subsequently, the Business

the Business Division would receive complaints about them.

For matters like these, Ouyang Shuo's approach was really strict. He had given the Procuratorate Division full authority in dealing with those at fault. If the faults were serious enough, they could be mercilessly jailed.

When the players came into the territory, they had to follow the rules of the territory. A lord player had more than one ways to mete out punishments, and the players couldn't even leave from the territory. Even if one committed suicide, they would only be revived again in the reincarnation hall of the territory. Therefore, as long as Ouyang Shuo didn't allow the players to leave, the players would be tied to the territory for life. They would live as the resident of Shanhai and die as the ghost of Shanhai.

There was one exception. If a lord player's territory was destroyed, the players could once again lay their hands on freedom.

Other than that, there were other changes happening around Shanhai City.

Under Elder Sun's suggestion, they moved the advanced shipyard to Beihai Harbor. Elder Sun had also officially taken up the position of the Chief Advisor of the shipyard.

According to Elder Sun's words, the valley was too narrow and shallow. It simply wasn't suitable for large-sized warships, and the geographical condition didn't allow them to build a large dock. Therefore, it would be better to shift it to Beihai Harbor and solve the problems all at once.

Naturally, Ouyang Shuo naturally wouldn't refuse. Moving a building around in the game was merely a simple task. The only trouble was the fees that the system charged for shifting buildings.

Not only that, but Ouyang Shuo had also instructed the Construction Division to upgrade and refurbish the Shanhai dock for expansion. From now onward, tradings between Shanhai and Beihai would grow more and more.

During this half a month, Ouyang Shuo's most important action was establishing a mysterious research institute.

He set up the research institute in the military restricted area in the East district.

Members included ship expert Elder Sun, metallurgical expert Elder Liu, dynamic expert Elder Zhou, mechanical expert Elder Bian, weapons expert Liu Mo, master blacksmith Wang Gao, and advanced alchemist Magnus. Altogether, there were seven of them. Hence, Ouyang Shuo gave it the name of Research Institute No.7.

Needless to say, Research Institute No.7's mission was naturally to conduct and research technologies regarding steam engine driven warships, firearms, and artilleries. Ouyang Shuo's goal was to at least reach the technological level of the British during the late Qing dynasty.

However, he had little hope of immediately visible results. There were loads of basic technologies involved, which included materials, machinery tools, fire-powders, and more. A complicated series of technologies were needed as the base before they could build the technology pyramid higher.

Within the next two to three years, it would be perfectly normal if there weren't any progressions. Ouyang Shuo hoped that Research Institute No.7 could shine brightly during the mid-late period of the game.

7th Month 20th, Ouyang Shuo, Ge Hongliang, and Shi Wanshui arrived at the City North Camp.

Military Camp Chamber, Ouyang Shuo sat on the throne. He glanced around and said solemnly, "Lately, the nomadic tribes are like a pool of stagnant water, no ripples, no waves. The disturbances Operation Dawn caused had ceased, as it dispersed into thin air. Mengke and Dariachi, the two cunning old foxes, were really impressive. They restrained themselves from making reckless decisions. As a direct result, the numbers of our Qingfu horses are critically insufficient. Up until now, we can only fully-equipped the Vanguard Unit. St this rate, how can we still develop our cavalries?"

The situation also left the commander of City North Camp, the major of 1st Vanguard Unit, Lin Yi, unsatisfied, "My lord, since ordinary commerce did not work, we can only solve this problem through war."

'I agree with General Lin. However, the problem is how to make the right decision at the right time. Wiping out one or two small tribes like last time won't help the situation. Exterminating a middle-sized tribe is possible, but with our military forces at the moment, we can't guarantee that no fugitives will slip through the net."

Lin Yi smiled. Then, he turned and said, "Sire, I have a thought."

"Oh?" Ouyang Shuo exclaimed. He knew that Lin Yi had long garrisoned in the City North Camp, so Lin Yi's understandings toward the nomadic tribes would be better than Ge Hongliang.

It seems like the general had already thought through the concerns of Ge Hongliang. Since he spoke up now, he must be fully prepared.

"In my opinion, in order to break the balance between the nomadic tribes, the key lies in the Tian Qi tribe. The peace of savanna is only kept because Tian Qi is too strong, way stronger than the others. Thatthe others. That is why, even when they knew that someone was provoking the Tian Qi tribe, no one dares to break the order. This is because Tian Qi is beyond them."

"The Tian Qi tribe has 12,000 brave warriors whereas the Tian Feng tribe only has 1,000. A disparity of tens of times, so only a fool will challenge Tian Qi's royal throne. Therefore, from the way I see it, if the middle-sized tribes' spirits are willing but their strengths are weak, why don't we help them once?"

His words sparked Ouyang Shuo's interest. He could vaguely tell Lin Yi's intentions, and the young general's thoughts truly astonished him. He hurriedly asked, "Be more detailed."

His lord's great interest in his plan boosted Lin Yi's confidence, and he said, "The Tian Qi tribe has two sections, ZhenXi and ZhenDong. Each section is garrisoned with 5,000 warriors. If we can travel deep into the savanna and destroy one of the sections, then we will be able to break the peace and balance. A tangled warfare for the royal throne between the tribes will be inevitable."

"How so?"

"Sire, you see, once Tian Qi tribe is severely damaged, it can't suppress the other tribes anymore. Even then, the middle-sized tribes still will not dare to point their swords at Tian Qi, but they will definitely not take Tian Qi's orders anymore. The best way out for them is to abide the orders and the warnings. They will annex the smaller tribes and strengthen themselves. In that case, no one tribe will be safe, so a war is hence inevitable. But, at this time, this is where Friendship City comes in. This is the best time to open Friendship City's market. In order to expand their forces and strengths, the tribes will trade anything, including Qingfu warhorse, for weapons, food, and various other materials from us."

Pak pak pak——

Ouyang Shuo led the crowd, as they clapped. He smiled and said, "Great thoughts, well planned and far-reaching. General Lin, one who has been away three days must be looked at with new eyes!"

This made Lin Yi excited, and he said, "I thank my lord for his appraisal."

Ouyang Shuo then turned serious. Then, he solemnly said, "Then, I ask you, how many cavalries do you need? Only then can you have the confidence to defeat one of the Tian Qi sections. Bear in mind that they are 5,000 elite horseback warriors."

Since it was open-field savanna warfare, the only suitable unit was the cavalries. The individual combat capabilities of the horseback warriors were better than Shanhai's cavalries. The horseback warriors lived in the savanna, so they were proficient in archery and horse riding.

They also have Qingfu warhorses as mounts. Unlike the warriors, Shanhai cavalries are half-trained, without a solid foundation.

Lin Yi smiled with great confidence and answered, "My lord, 2,000 cavalries is more than enough."

"There is no jesting in war. 2,000 cavalries and you can make it?" These words shock Ouyang Shuo. He couldn't believe it.

"Of course, relying only on the cavalries won't work. It all still need my lord's coordination." Then, Lin Yi told Ouyang Shuo his whole plan, each and every bit in detail.

Ouyang Shuo listened carefully. After he heard the whole plan, Ouyang Shuo was at ease. He believed the plan had at least 70-80% of success. Although there were still some risks, but to build an empire, one could not always be prepared. They had to be daring and take the risk and give their all when the time comes.

Without further hesitation, he followed Lin Yi's plan and announced a military expansion arrangement, "Liao Kai!"

"Here!" Liao Kai stepped forward.

"My orders. Select 500 men from the military reserve unit, establish the Qiushui City cavalry unit. You have 10 days. After 10 days, I want to see a well-established cavalry unit."

"Thank my lord for his trust. I will not fail you!" Liao Kai was filled with joy and excitement.

Ouyang Shuo only intended to leave the newly established cavalry unit under Qiushui City because after the upgrade, the count was very vulnerable with only one city defense unit. Furthermore, he didn't want to garrison too many military forces in City North Camp. Otherwise, it would bring tremendous pressure to the Tian Feng tribe.

The 2,000 cavalries were arranged and fully prepared according to Lin Yi's plans. They formed the two cavalry units from City North Camp, one cavalry unit from City West camp, and the last, newly established cavalry unit from Qiushui City.

*Ps, OR, alternatively, you can also,Support and vote for us if you like TWO

A discord server for TWO! Join us here-

And please do give RD's novel Rise of Humanity a try!



* * *





Chapter 191




Chapter 191: TWO Chapter 191 - Research Institute No.7

Chapter 191 - Research Institute No.7



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora



Snow-War Rose mercenary group had sent the first batch of lifestyle players into Shanhai City.

The players numbered 500, along with their families, totaled at 2,400. The Fallen Moon Guild absorbed all of them and arranged for them to stay in the residential area. He would give them the same benefits and status as ordinary guild members.

In this way, the Fallen Moon Guild officially had 850 members. They were close to the maximum limit of 1,000 members. This left Ouyang Shuo with no choice, so he could only hurry Sun Xiaoyue to upgrade the guild to the next rank. This upgrade would expand the maximum members limit. At the same time, the Fallen Moon Guild would slow down its rate of absorbing members. Instead, they would the allow Snow-War Rose mercenary group to handle the new members.

Fallen Moon Guild members consisted of talents all across every industry. However, most of them were still intermediate talents, some even basic talents. There was only a limited amount of those advanced talents.

Like the Earth Online aboriginals, the players were assigned to workshops, shops, or sites according to their respective talents. Their wage and work benefits would all be the same as the aboriginals. Of course, the four main workshops in the East district were restricted from players until Ouyang Shuo had determined their loyalties.

In this way, the players could earn money. At the same time, they could level their talent skills. Especially in a city like Shanhai, the territory’s special properties could help lifestyle players easily break through in their talents.

A player’s achievement values didn’t only take into account their assets. It also accounted for the achievements one had achieved in their field of profession. As for lifestyle players, leveling their skills to the rank of God-level was their ultimate goal. In Ouyang Shuo’s past life, no one in China region had achieved that ultimate goal yet.

Ever since the world online policy, players weren’t allowed to log out for a long period of time. That said, there would be almost no difference between players and the aboriginals in the game anymore.

Ouyang Shuo simply had no reason to treat them differently.

Furthermore, in comparison to the aboriginals, the players had a worse discipline. Some players were still unable to fit into their current character. They looked down on the aboriginals, and they even fought with them. Otherwise, they would slack off from work, and subsequently, the Business Division would receive complaints about them.

For matters like these, Ouyang Shuo’s approach was really strict. He had given the Procuratorate Division full authority in dealing with those at fault. If the faults were serious enough, they could be mercilessly jailed.

When the players came into the territory, they had to follow the rules of the territory. A lord player had more than one ways to mete out punishments, and the players couldn’t even leave from the territory. Even if one committed suicide, they would only be revived again in the reincarnation hall of the territory. Therefore, as long as Ouyang Shuo didn’t allow the players to leave, the players would be tied to the territory for life. They would live as the resident of Shanhai and die as the ghost of Shanhai.

There was one exception. If a lord player’s territory was destroyed, the players could once again lay their hands on freedom.

Other than that, there were other changes happen

ing around Shanhai City.

Under Elder Sun’s suggestion, they moved the advanced shipyard to Beihai Harbor. Elder Sun had also officially taken up the position of the Chief Advisor of the shipyard.

According to Elder Sun’s words, the valley was too narrow and shallow. It simply wasn’t suitable for large-sized warships, and the geographical condition didn’t allow them to build a large dock. Therefore, it would be better to shift it to Beihai Harbor and solve the problems all at once.

Naturally, Ouyang Shuo naturally wouldn’t refuse. Moving a building around in the game was merely a simple task. The only trouble was the fees that the system charged for shifting buildings.

Not only that, but Ouyang Shuo had also instructed the Construction Division to upgrade and refurbish the Shanhai dock for expansion. From now onward, tradings between Shanhai and Beihai would grow more and more.

During this half a month, Ouyang Shuo’s most important action was establishing a mysterious research institute.

He set up the research institute in the military restricted area in the East district.

Members included ship expert Elder Sun, metallurgical expert Elder Liu, dynamic expert Elder Zhou, mechanical expert Elder Bian, weapons expert Liu Mo, master blacksmith Wang Gao, and advanced alchemist Magnus. Altogether, there were seven of them. Hence, Ouyang Shuo gave it the name of Research Institute No.7.

Needless to say, Research Institute No.7’s mission was naturally to conduct and research technologies regarding steam engine driven warships, firearms, and artilleries. Ouyang Shuo’s goal was to at least reach the technological level of the British during the late Qing dynasty.

However, he had little hope of immediately visible results. There were loads of basic technologies involved, which included materials, machinery tools, fire-powders, and more. A complicated series of technologies were needed as the base before they could build the technology pyramid higher.

Within the next two to three years, it would be perfectly normal if there weren’t any progressions. Ouyang Shuo hoped that Research Institute No.7 could shine brightly during the mid-late period of the game.

7th Month 20th, Ouyang Shuo, Ge Hongliang, and Shi Wanshui arrived at the City North Camp.

Military Camp Chamber, Ouyang Shuo sat on the throne. He glanced around and said solemnly, “Lately, the nomadic tribes are like a pool of stagnant water, no ripples, no waves. The disturbances Operation Dawn caused had ceased, as it dispersed into thin air. Mengke and Dariachi, the two cunning old foxes, were really impressive. They restrained themselves from making reckless decisions. As a direct result, the numbers of our Qingfu horses are critically insufficient. Up until now, we can only fully-equipped the Vanguard Unit. St this rate, how can we still develop our cavalries?”

The situation also left the commander of City North Camp, the major of 1st Vanguard Unit, Lin Yi, unsatisfied, “My lord, since ordinary commerce did not work, we can only solve this problem through war.”

‘I agree with General Lin. However, the problem is how to make the right decision at the right time. Wiping out one or two small tribes like last time won’t help the situation. Exterminating a middle-sized tribe is possible, but with our military forces at the moment, we can’t guarantee that no fugitives will slip through the net.”

Lin Yi smiled. Then, he turned and said, “Sire, I have a thought.”

“Oh?” Ouyang Shuo exclaimed. He knew that Lin Yi had long garrisoned in the City North Camp, so Lin Yi’s understandings toward the nomadic tribes would be better than Ge Hongliang.

It seems like the general had already thought through the concerns of Ge Hongliang. Since he spoke up now, he must be fully prepared.

“In my opinion, in order to break the balance between the nomadic tribes, the key lies in the Tian Qi tribe. The peace of savanna is only kept because Tian Qi is too strong, way stronger than the others. That is why, even when they knew that someone was provoking the Tian Qi tribe, no one dares to break the order. This is because Tian Qi is beyond them.”

“The Tian Qi tribe has 12,000 brave warriors whereas the Tian Feng tribe only has 1,000. A disparity of tens of times, so only a fool will challenge Tian Qi’s royal throne. Therefore, from the way I see it, if the middle-sized tribes’ spirits are willing but their strengths are weak, why don’t we help them once?”

His words sparked Ouyang Shuo’s interest. He could vaguely tell Lin Yi’s intentions, and the young general’s thoughts truly astonished him. He hurriedly asked, “Be more detailed.”

His lord’s great interest in his plan boosted Lin Yi’s confidence, and he said, “The Tian Qi tribe has two sections, ZhenXi and ZhenDong. Each section is garrisoned with 5,000 warriors. If we can travel deep into the savanna and destroy one of the sections, then we will be able to break the peace and balance. A tangled warfare for the royal throne between the tribes will be inevitable.”

“How so?”

“Sire, you see, once Tian Qi tribe is severely damaged, it can’t suppress the other tribes anymore. Even then, the middle-sized tribes still will not dare to point their swords at Tian Qi, but they will definitely not take Tian Qi’s orders anymore. The best way out for them is to abide the orders and the warnings. They will annex the smaller tribes and strengthen themselves. In that case, no one tribe will be safe, so a war is hence inevitable. But, at this time, this is where Friendship City comes in. This is the best time to open Friendship City’s market. In order to expand their forces and strengths, the tribes will trade anything, including Qingfu warhorse, for weapons, food, and various other materials from us.”

Pak pak pak——

Ouyang Shuo led the crowd, as they clapped. He smiled and said, “Great thoughts, well planned and far-reaching. General Lin, one who has been away three days must be looked at with new eyes!”

This made Lin Yi excited, and he said, “I thank my lord for his appraisal.”

Ouyang Shuo then turned serious. Then, he solemnly said, “Then, I ask you, how many cavalries do you need? Only then can you have the confidence to defeat one of the Tian Qi sections. Bear in mind that they are 5,000 elite horseback warriors.”

Since it was open-field savanna warfare, the only suitable unit was the cavalries. The individual combat capabilities of the horseback warriors were better than Shanhai’s cavalries. The horseback warriors lived in the savanna, so they were proficient in archery and horse riding.

They also have Qingfu warhorses as mounts. Unlike the warriors, Shanhai cavalries are half-trained, without a solid foundation.

Lin Yi smiled with great confidence and answered, “My lord, 2,000 cavalries is more than enough.”

“There is no jesting in war. 2,000 cavalries and you can make it?” These words shock Ouyang Shuo. He couldn’t believe it.

“Of course, relying only on the cavalries won’t work. It all still need my lord’s coordination.” Then, Lin Yi told Ouyang Shuo his whole plan, each and every bit in detail.

Ouyang Shuo listened carefully. After he heard the whole plan, Ouyang Shuo was at ease. He believed the plan had at least 70-80% of success. Although there were still some risks, but to build an empire, one could not always be prepared. They had to be daring and take the risk and give their all when the time comes.

Without further hesitation, he followed Lin Yi’s plan and announced a military expansion arrangement, “Liao Kai!”

“Here!” Liao Kai stepped forward.

“My orders. Select 500 men from the military reserve unit, establish the Qiushui City cavalry unit. You have 10 days. After 10 days, I want to see a well-established cavalry unit.”

“Thank my lord for his trust. I will not fail you!” Liao Kai was filled with joy and excitement.

Ouyang Shuo only intended to leave the newly established cavalry unit under Qiushui City because after the upgrade, the count was very vulnerable with only one city defense unit. Furthermore, he didn’t want to garrison too many military forces in City North Camp. Otherwise, it would bring tremendous pressure to the Tian Feng tribe.

The 2,000 cavalries were arranged and fully prepared according to Lin Yi’s plans. They formed the two cavalry units from City North Camp, one cavalry unit from City West camp, and the last, newly established cavalry unit from Qiushui City.



* * *





Chapter 192




Chapter 192-195

Chapter 192: Operation Wildfire (1 / 3)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nova

Lin Yi's proposed plan was officially given the code name Operation 'Wildfire'. This was because the operation would lead to the destruction of the savanna. It would lighten the flames of war and burn the grassland into ashes.

The operation's success was directly linked to Shanhai City's future governing policy toward the nomadic tribes as well as the future of Shanhai's cavalries. Therefore, its importance did not need to be repeated twice.

Military Affairs Department and Lin Yi would discuss the plan. They would forge it into a perfect plan in order to be as foolproof as possible.

Right after Ouyang Shuo returned from Friendship City, he once again dived into the sea of governing affairs.

……

July 20th, they completed the establishment of Qiushui City's cavalry unit. Lai Kai was officially promoted to the rank of major, and he led the cavalry unit. The class change fees were of course taken from the profits made in the first half month of July.

Three days ago, Ouyang Shuo and the Chui Chamber of Commerce from Dali signed off their first deal on the trading platform.

Northern Saltworks had produced 2.5 million units of consumable salts in the first half month of July. According to the market price of 20 copper per unit of salts, Chui Chamber of Commerce would have to pay 5,000 gold. After the 10% system tax deduction, Ouyang Shuo was left with 4,500 gold. After the further reducing the cost of salt production, the amount that handed to Shuo was actually 4,100 gold.

After the system update, the taxes were halved, so the Northern Saltworks could save a thousand gold every month from the taxes alone.

As for Langshan mining field, they turned over 4,000 gold without fail.

Since he stationed the mineral expert from the professional group in the mining field, they were taught to further enhance the production line and mine with more logical and scientific techniques. In the preliminary estimates for August, the production efficiency would increase by 10%. A mineral expert's technical advice could help generate at least an additional 800 gold for Shanhai City. This was exactly where the value of an expert laid. Their contribution to the territory was an overall enhancement.

The initial 8,100 gold from first the half month, after the deduction of the cavalry unit class change fees of 750 gold and Four Sea Bank's payment for teleportation formation fees of 4,400 gold, there was only 2,950 gold leftover.

Through the teleportation formation, the cost to recruit a player was immensely high. Including the player and the family, it would cost an average of 5 gold for teleportation fees.

This didn't include the cost of the basic accommodations for the players.

For the likes of Di Chen and others, they had previously recruited new players from the real-world and arranged for them to directly spawn in the territory. Only those from the rich and powerful family or clans could have the resources to do so.

However, after the interplanetary immigration, they would have lost their resources and could only pay the teleportation fees like Ouyang Shuo. This would in turn be a large expense and a burden to them.

According to Feng Qiuhuang, before the immigration, they had already recruited a large batch of new players in their territories. As for the precise amount of players, only they knew themselves.

The 2,950 golds didn't last long in Ouyang Shuo's hands. Through the Chui Chamber of Commerce, he bought 2.95 million units of food.

Hence, for the next half of the year, Shanhai would be free from the risk of food shortage. The price was nearly a total of 9,000 gold spent solely on food.

Ouyang Shuo couldn't imagine the price that the other lords would have to pay when the food prices soared high in the future. After all, the other territories weren't like Shanhai. They didn't have 40,000 acres of fertile farmland to provide grains, so they would have to purchase more food.

Probably the only thing worthy of rejoice was that the other territories didn't have such a big population like Shanhai City or Shanhai's high refugee spawn rate.

If Ouyang Shuo had enough funds, he would even consider purchasing more food and profit by reselling it when the price went up.

As for his assumptions about the prices of food, Ouyang Shuo had informed his allies, including Song Wen. However, it was up to them whether they had sufficient funds to hoard enough food. It was not something Ouyang Shuo could help.

Shanhai City was strong, but it was not strong enough to provide financial aid to five or six lord territories.

Moreover, they were allies and only allies. Ouyang Shuo was not a philanthropist. Any territory that required Shanhai's financial aid would have to allow Four Seas Bank to establish a branch in their territory with no exceptions.

Whereas for Mulan Town, Ouyang Shuo was waiting for the end of the month. When the profits for the next half month came, he would add more funds to the Four Seas Bank branch in Mulan Town.

As for the acquisition of grains from the farmers, Yingyu's idea was to utilize the funds from Four Seas Bank and acquire the grains. The acquisition would not be a one-off deal. Instead, they would be traded in batches. They would sell them off before acquiring another batch of grains. Otherwise, to complete the deal in one blow would require tens of thousands of gold, which was literally a waste of funds.

On average, a farmer could plow and manage 10 mu of land. A mu can grow 350 units of grains. Hence, it would produce 3,500 units of grains. They had to turn over 117 units to the lord. After they stored half a year of grains, there would still be 3,200 units of grains available for sale, which would be three gold 20 silver. After the tax deduction, it would still be three gold and 10 silver. A year had two farming seasons, minus the cost, the final annual income for a farmer would be around five golds.

If one decided to be more hardworking and raise some poultry or even a pig, he could earn tens of silver more for that year. This hard work would contribute a little more to the family livelihood.

Therefore, in actual fact, a farmer's income was considerably high. Their income was almost the same as a rank 5 veteran soldier. The only difference was that the military took care of a soldier's livelihood, and their pay could be increased further.

These only happened because of three reasons. Firstly, the farmers had enough farmland to plow, and those lands were fertile farmlands. Secondly, Shanhai had the lowest tax rates in the history. Lastly, Ouyang Shuo did not intentionally oppress and exploit their hard work, and he did not purchase grains from them for a low price and sell it high.

All these factors added up to create Shanhai farmers' high annual income.

……

For the past half a month, Mulan Town was developing rapidly under the help of Four Seas Bank.

Utilizing the loans from Four Seas Bank, Mu Guiying successfully established Mulan Town's city defense unit. The brave general led this city defense unit to cleanse the territory and destroyed every single raider in sight.

Exterminating the raiders were not only meant to train the soldiers, but also to ensure the territory's safety. Furthermore, the rewards they plundered could contribute populations, materials, and funds to the territory, which would further develop their hometown.

Other than that, Mulan Town had also finished the construction of stone walls, which enhanced their defense. Territory privatization was also fully completed, so it was not the usual same semi-finished product anymore. The territory's economy began to sprout. It slowly accumulated, as it waited for the day to explode and bloom gracefully.

Mulan Town's rapid development now was exactly like the former Shanhai Town.

Just a week ago, Mulan Town was successfully upgraded to grade 3 township. After the upgrade, the miners of Mulan Town found a silver mine within the territory. Hence, another source of wealth. Although a silver mine couldn't be compared to a gold mine, if it was excavated with maximum effort, there would still be at least 200 gold monthly.

Now, the only thing that stopped Mulan Town from its next upgrade was Mulan Yue's rank title.

During the Battle of Zhoulu, Mulan Yue was rewarded with 2,500 merit points. With these points, she leveled her title to the rank of 'First-class Viscount'. In addition, the extermination of raiders had rewarded her some merit points, and she now had 5,000 merit points. Currently, she was 1,400 merit points away from Third-class Earl.

Fortunately, Mulan Town was just upgraded into a grade 3 township. Time was still needed to reach the total population of 1,000. Perhaps, during the following Battle of Zhennan Pass, she could earn the merit points needed.

In any case, she might have to participate in another battlefield warfare during this period of time. If she earned the merit points needed, the problem would be solved.

Gong Chengshi was envious of Mulan Town's rapid development. Within the Shanhai Alliance, only he remained as the lord of a grade 2 township. Lack of funds restrained his move of recruiting more players, and

he couldn't afford the high price of teleportation fees.

Left with no other choice, he stopped persisting and invited Ouyang Shuo over to establish a branch of the Four Seas Bank in his territory.

Naturally, Ouyang Shuo had no reason to decline, as the financial situation in Shanhai was getting better. Langshan mining field and Northern Saltworks alone could provide him with a fund of nearly 2,000 golds monthly. These additional funds emboldened Ouyang Shuo to establish a Four Seas Bank branch in Black Lion Town.

Ouyang Shuo replied to Gong Chengshi's call. He told Gong Chengshi to wait until the end of the month. When the funds of Shanhai came together, he would send his men to Black Lion Town for the establishment of the Four Seas Bank branch. He urged Gong Chengshi to prepare for it.

Ouyang Shuo's wild hope was to establish a branch in every territory. Even if the Four Seas Bank wouldn't be the only bank in the territories, it needed to be at least one of the main bank.

In order to do so, the first step was to open the branches in his allies' territories. Now, Mulan Town and Black Lion Town had both accepted, and it was only time before the Xunlong Town submitted.

As for Consonance City and Fallen Phoenix City, it wouldn't be that easy. Only with luck and fate could he manage to infiltrate their territories. Especially Fallen Phoenix City, there stood a powerful family behind Feng Qiuhuang. Even if she agreed to it, they wouldn't allow it to happen.

As for Consonance City, it could sustain with the help of only Dali Qingfeng Pavilion. Qingfeng Pavilion's gold farmers were quietly supporting them from behind.

Consonance City had now achieved a symbiotic relationship with Qingfeng Pavilion, much like the cooperative relationship between Shanhai City and Snow-War Rose mercenary group.

The only difference was that Consonance didn't have such a well-developed military industry.

It wasn't Ouyang Shuo acting mean or contemptible, taking advantage of his allies' difficulties. The deal was mutually-beneficial in the first place. It even could further pull the alliance together.

After all, what kind of alliance is better and stronger than an economically integrated alliance?

*Ps, OR, alternatively, you can also,Support and vote for us if you like TWO

A discord server for TWO! Join us here-

And please do give RD's novel Rise of Humanity a try!

Chapter 193: Operation Wildfire (2 / 3)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nova

7th month 24th, night.

The vanguard unit sneaked out of City North Camp, while two units from the mixed regiment took over their place.

First light tomorrow morning, the mixed regiment's two units would start their usual morning training in the camp, while disguised as the vanguard unit. Tian Feng scouts couldn't come too close to the camp. Hence, they wouldn't know that the troops had all been replaced.

Vanguard 1st unit left their Qingfu warhorses and Mingguang armors behind in the camp. Then, they wore and mounted their alternate equipment and horses. The four cavalry units all dressed themselves as raiders—the clothes plundered from the raider captives.

That's right, for this operation, they had disguised themselves as raiders.

Their destination was far from the border, so they had to venture deep into the savanna. Hence, in order to reduce risk and avoid being spotted, the four cavalry units would travel their own paths, as they rode their ways toward Tian Qi tribe ZhenXi camp. The units used their specially-trained hummingbirds to communicate through the intelligence team.

At the same time, the five squadrons from every unit would also spread out two kilometers from each other.

ZhenXi camp was situated 160 kilometers away from the Friendship River. Traveling alone would take three days if the journey was smooth and steady without mishaps.

Because it was savanna—an open field grassland—there was simply nowhere to hide. Therefore, the cavalries would not hide by day and come out by night. Instead, they would march at a steady pace and eliminate every nomad they encountered to cover their existence.

Lei Xun led Military intelligence team two. They had finished their preparation work, the pathways they chose for the four cavalry units were all routed away from the tribal camps.

Ouyang Shuo personally followed the expedition force, and he would ride between the vanguard first unit second squadron and the third squadron. The newly established lord's guards rode beside him. As for Lin Yi, he led the cavalry first squadron at the forefront.

July 25th, morning 5 a.m. dawn.

With the help of the Beihai navy, the expedition force crossed the Friendship River. From here onward, the force would separate and ride their own paths. They would only gather together when they reach their final destination.

On the first day, everything went well because they crossed the site of the Tian Lian tribe that had been wiped off. Although the Tian Feng tribe had taken over the area, they had not arranged any pastoralists. Tin Feng tribe had only taken this area as a ranch to use.

Therefore, on this day, the overall progress of the expedition forces was relatively rapid. In addition, without infantry dragging them down, they could travel a full 60 kilometers. At seven o'clock in the evening, the scattered squadrons regrouped to rest on the spot.

Military tents and military grain pills, these two logistics weapons, began to show their importance.

In the morning, each soldier took one military grain pill. For the rest of the day, they would not need to eat anymore. Without the need to create fire for a meal, they had minimized the risk of exposure. As for drinking water, they had long since stored enough water in their backpacks for three days. In addition, in Ouyang Shuo's storage bag, there was still a quantity of drinking water.

Tomorrow, the troops would have to cross the site of a medium-sized tribe, and the risk factor would greatly increase.

Five o'clock the next day, the squadrons departed. They kept a two kilometer distance from each other and took advantage of the early morning when there were fewer people to travel some distance.

At noon, Ouyang Shuo was riding Black Tornado, while his guards rode beside him. Just then, a group of herdsmen appeared in front of them. There were about seven or eight people, driving and grazing the flock.

"My lord?" Guard Captain Wang Feng immediately rushed in front of Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo naturally understood Wang Feng's intentions and nodded.

Then, Wang Feng made a gesture toward the rear. As a result, half of the guards immediately left the ranks like a group of hungry wolves and rushed toward the pastoralists.

When the pastoralists saw the guards, they thought they were raiders. They panicked and immediately fled.

The horses that served as the mounts of the pastoralists were naturally not Qingfu horse. Even in the nomadic tribes, Qingfu horses were somewhat rare. It wasn't so common that the ordinary grazing pastoralists could ride them.

The guards' attacks were very tactical. Instead of directly hurling toward them, they first flanked them on both sides to form an encirclement that surrounded the herders. This action prevented them from slipping through.

The guards surrounded the pastoralists, who panicked. Their mouths grumbled with unintelligible words, and it was estimated that they were begging for mercy. While talking, they pointed their fingers to the flock not far away. These gestures denoted that the flocks could be taken away in exchange for their pitiful lives.

Sadly, what they met was not the bandits who robbed money, but the officers and men of Shanhai City.

The lord's guards were soldiers of life and death, so their hearts were as cold as ice and hard as stone. They held an emotionless poker face, as they rode on their horsebacks. They raised their bows and released a volley of deadly arrows that shot their victims down from their horses.

According to Ouyang Shuo's original intentions, he was naturally reluctant to harm the innocents, especially civilians.

However, this operation was so important that it could not tolerate any accidents. The blood and tears of others had long since covered his hands.

Those pastoralists looked at the arrows in their chest with shock.

They could not understand why these raiders were not like the rumors, who only took money instead of lives. Instead, these raiders took away their most precious lives away from them. Even being taken away to the raiders camp as captives was still a better ending than this.

They guards paid little attention to the flocks, as they rode to the corpses. They pulled out their Tang swords and slashed the corpses to ensure no loose ends. After that, they removed the shovel prepared in advance from the backpacks and dug a large pit to bury the dead bodies. Then, they covered the dead with a layer of weeds as a simple disguise.

When the night arrives, the relatives of the dead pastoralists became aware that they were missing and did not come home. Coupled with the time required to search for them, it was estimated that it would take one or two days before they could find the land where the dead bodies were buried. Even so, it would be nothing more than an incident identified as a raider attack that simply could not attract the attention of the tribal leaders.

This was but only a small incident that happened on the

the way. Similar things also took place in the four cavalry units. The Military Affairs Department had formulated this set of handling measures in advance, and they had given detailed explanations to every soldier. This was the function and value of the Military Affairs Department. They were responsible for the development of a very detailed war plan. A variety of small details, as far as possible, were taken into account.

At night, the team stopped again. Tomorrow, they were about to enter the territory of the Tian Qi tribe. The camp of ZhenXi was located on the western edge of the Tian Qi tribe, which made it a full 50 kilometers away from the Khan tent beside the Shen Juan Lake.

After they entered the territory of Tian Qi tribe, the number of pastoralists around the area increased. Occasionally, they would meet with tribal warriors that patroled the border. At times like this, they would try to avoid them, but if a fight was inevitable, they could only eliminate the warriors.

However, when the night fell, and the ZhenXi patrols returned to their home base, they would realize that their fellow warriors were missing. It would raise their alarms. But this was not something Ouyang Shuo could control. It was inevitable, as it was not that easy for an army to sneak into their enemy's hinterland.

At three o'clock in the afternoon, the cavalry units stopped 10 kilometers away from the ZhenXi camp. If they headed further, they would step foot in the core area of the camp. Moving into the camp recklessly during the day would be tantamount to suicide.

In order to hide their whereabouts, they once again spread out and hid in the pastoralists' homes. As for the original owners of pastoralists' home, their fate could be imagined. Just like a monster, the two thousand troops secretly lurked outside of the ZhenXi camp, as they eyed their prey.

In the evening, after the centurion in the ZhenXi camp routinely counted the patrols, they noticed that some of the warriors who were on patrol duty on the frontier had not returned on time.

The abnormal situation was immediately reported to the captain, and the captain again reported to the camp commander Lhakhshen. After hearing the report from the captain, Lhakhshen frowned and asked, "Have you sent anyone to check?"

"General, I have sent a hundred men to the border to investigate. I find the situation rather odd, and that is why I have specifically come to report." The captain was not negligent.

The town had not experienced any war for many years, and matters like this seldom happened.

Thinking of the exhortations from the Khan, Lhakhshen did not dare to take this matter lightly.

"Give my orders. Tonight, the camp shall maintain a full alert, and we will increase the patrols on duty." Lhakhshen decided to take cautious measures.

For some unknown reason, he had felt a little restless during these two days. It was as though a ruthless beast was eyeing him in the dark, yet he still couldn't see any traces of the beast. This made Lhakhshen very uneasy, and the disappearance of the patrollers further aggravated this uneasy sentiment.

However, in front of his subordinates, Lhakhshen remained as calm as usual.

"Understood!"

……

10 kilometers away from the camp, there was a very humble pastoral tent.

At six o'clock in the afternoon, Lei Xun, who had disguised himself as a pastoralist, opened the tent and walked in. Then, he respectfully said, "My lord, as expected, the camp was alerted."

It turned out that Ouyang Shuo had settled here.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. The reaction of the enemy did not go beyond his expectations.

According to the report, the town commander Lhakhshen was not a simple person to deal with, "Contact the units. Tonight, we will act according to the plan."

"Understood!"

Seven o'clock in the evening, Ouyang Shuo exited the tent and rode Black Tornado. He took advantage of the night, and under Lei Xun's guidance, Ouyang Shuo visited the units one by one. Every time he reached a unit camp, Ouyang Shuo would remove a barrel of alchemical fire oil from the storage bag and pass it to the soldiers.

In the savanna of July. The starry night sky and the cool monsoon breeze that blew waves of green grass. Under the starlights, the cavalries walked out of the tents one by one, as they carried the barrel of oils and tied it on the horse's saddlebags. These saddlebags had been specially modified, so each side of the saddle could contain two barrels of alchemical fire oil.

*Ps, OR, alternatively, you can also,Support and vote for us if you like TWO

A discord server for TWO! Join us here-

Chapter 194: Operation Wildfire (3 / 3)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nova

The Shanhai cavalries mounted their horses. Step-by-step, they began to sneak into the camp.

When the cavalries departed, it was already around 9 to 10 at night. The night was dark, and the weeds were high. Even with the help of the faint starlights, it was difficult to distinguish between the silhouette of humans and other things.

As the investigation team came back with nothing, the commander of ZhenXi camp ordered martial law again. The patrol warriors had twice received the instructions from the commander that asked them to raise their vigilance. However, through the whole night, even a ghostly shadow could not be seen, so they could not help but relax and lay down. One by one, they yawned in boredom.

Furthermore, there weren't any wars in the recent years. The Tian Qi tribe claimed itself as the king of savanna, so the warriors grew lazier and started to slack. They took the disappearance incident during the day as nothing more than just an accident.

Maybe those missing patrols had secretly sneaked into some girl's tents and had stayed there. The patrols were chatting and talking to pass the time.

"Hey, do you think that the commander is too cautious? Just a few missing patrols, and yet he makes such a big fuss. Depriving our night and making us suffer in the cold," a soldier complained.

"Brat, don't you dare say a bad word about the commander. Do you want to die?" the centurion leading the team rebuked. Lhakhshen had a high prestige within the camp, so one must be careful when they spoke about him.

The soldier also knew that his words were impulsive, and he had said something wrong. Fortunately, the centurion was a good friend of his, so he laughed and said, "Leader, I know. I am at fault, so please do not report me."

The military regulations of the savanna were harsh and cruel. If anyone seriously handled this matter, then the soldier would not end well. At least, he would be whipped.

"Do not worry!" The Centurion did not want to make a fuss of it either.

During July, the mosquitoes in the savanna were many and large, so it was hard for one to endure. Thanks to the dedication of the warriors, although they mouths complained, they didn't neglect their duties.

A short distance away, the cavalries dismounted and held the reins in their hands. Like ghosts, they slowly moved toward the camp patrols.

After they entered the effective range, they squatted down on the ground and hid their whereabouts. Quietly, they stealth shot the patrols to death one-by-one.

The vanguards were all elite soldiers proficient at shooting. As for melee-combat, it was almost impossible in the grassland.

Ouyang Shuo's men slowly picked off the patrols.

Slowly and steadily, they reached five kilometers away from the camp. As it was closer to the camp, the vigilance level was raised. Any signs or sounds of combat could immediately alert the camp.

Therefore, Shanhai cavalry stopped moving forward.

Ouyang Shuo mounted his horse and gazed at the distant camp.

Because it was a settlement camp, the camp wasn't like the Tian Lian tribe. It was just an encirclement of tents that formed a defense circle.

The camp was no different from the camps on the Central Plains. Tall wooden walls erected above the ground surrounded the camp and arrow towers stood at the four corners. There was only a main gate open in the south.

It was impossible to take down such a camp with only 2,000 cavalries, so their only choice was field combat.

However, field combat was precisely the nomadic warriors' best combat mode. According to the Military Intelligence Department intelligence investigation, the camp had 5,000 horseback warriors. Among them, they had 1,000 heavy cavalries, and the remaining 4,000 were light cavalries.

The horseback warriors often took the lead in sending light cavalry to lure enemies. Then, they round out the two wings of the enemy for outflanking. At this critical moment, heavy cavalries would charge forward and clear their enemies in one killing blow to decide the outcome of the war.

The Shanhai cavalries dismounted. They began to layout and prepared the fire array. This was Lin Yi's tactic. They would lure the enemies out of their camp and use the fire array to stop

to stop the enemies.

When they finished setting up the fire array, they all evacuated.

……

July 28th, 6 a.m.

The vanguard 1st unit was tasked with luring the enemy forces. Under the leadership of Lin Yi, they rode toward the camp. Along the way, they indiscriminately shot down the patrols.

For the whole night, Lhakhshen did not sleep well. Hence, he got up early. Before he could do anything else, a warrior came rushing in and said, "Reporting to the commander, a band of raiders has appeared to the south of the camp. They have around five hundred people, and they are coming for the camp."

This report shocked Lhakhshen as it was simply unbelievable, "You are talking about raiders? Only five hundred people, who gave them the courage to attack our camp?"

The warrior answered, "Yes, commander, five hundred raiders."

"Let's go!" Lhakhshen decided to personally check the situation.

Lhakhshen climbed the arrow tower. When he looked ahead, he only saw the distant troops dressed in raider attire wantonly clearing the warrior guards stationed in the outer area. At the same time, they also continually whistled. Their attitudes were extremely wild and ill.

Faced with such naked provocation, Lhakhshen simply could not tolerate it. He ordered a light cavalry captain to lead his troops and teach the raiders a lesson.

Captain Hu'he excitedly received the order. In his opinion, it was easy to defeat these raiders, so this was a merit-based war effort. It seems that the commander still had high hopes in him.

A thousand cavalry rushed out of the camp like an arrow.

Who would have known that those raiders were a bunch of useless soft eggs. When they saw the cavalries, they panicked and turned and fled like a flock of sheep.

Relying on the advantages of the Qingfu warhorse, Hu'he did not give up. He led his warriors and continued to pursue the raiders.

At the camp arrow tower, the gradually disappearing warriors puzzled the strategist— Er'risi—he turned and said to Lhakhshen, "Commander, the situation seems to be somewhat wrong. These strange raiders came out of nowhere and fled so suddenly. Will there be some trickeries going on?"

Lhakhshen nodded, "Indeed, something is unusual. Order the rest of the troops to be on standby. With Hu'he's ability, even if the raiders are truly fraudulent, he can still retreat safely."

"Understood!"

On the other hand, Hu'he led his troops and chased the raiders for more than 10 kilometers, and he was about to catch up. Suddenly, more raiders emerged from the two sides. They immediately surrounded Hu'he and his men.

"Sh*t, a trap!" Hu'he was finally alerted, and he knew he had fallen into a trap.

Unfortunately, his troops were pressing forward too harshly at the moment, and they couldn't immediately stop the inertia. The raiders from the sides pierced his troops like sharp knives.

In the face of the nomad warriors, Ouyang Shuo did not stupidly choose to fight with the arts of archer ridings. Instead, he engaged the warriors in close combat and took advantage of the Tang swords and armor, as he fought them at their weaknesses.

The horseback warriors were almost defenseless, as they only wore simple leather armors. In the face of tang sword, this was fatal.

The sharp blade of Tang sword could easily slice through the enemy's leather armor and straight into their flesh. They only left behind death or injuries.

The battle had started.

Finally, Hu'he and his troops had begun to gather together and stabilize. They were ready for a round of tough battle. Right at this moment, Lin Yi and his vanguard 1st unit had already turned back and encircled Hu'he.

Immediately Hu'he realized that they were powerless, so he decisively ordered the troops to retreat.

However, Ouyang Shuo did not give him the opportunity to leave. 2,000 Shanhai City cavalry pursued Hu'he. The blood stained the savanna, and the sad neigh of horses resounded through the sky.

After nearly an hour of mad slaughter, less than two hundred warriors of Hu'he troops survived. They herded Hu'he in the middle, and they hastily escaped the encirclement. Then, they headed toward ZhenXi camp. Shanhai cavalries chased and relentlessly pursued them.

Due to the limitations of their horses, the distance between the two sides grew farther and farther. Eventually, Hu'he escaped.

However, little did he know. His success was only because Ouyang Shuo intended to let him escape. By doing so, Shuo could completely provoke Lhakhshen and cause him to lead the warriors out of the camp.

Ouyang Shuo chased after the fleeing party. Shortly, they arrived before the camp.

Sure enough, Lhakhshen could not help but become furious when he witnessed his warriors panicking and fleeing, while the raiders pursued them. He snapped and said, "Courageous!"

As he finished his word, he ran down the tower and mounted his Qingfu warhorse leader. Then, he shouted, "Everyone with me. Rescue Hu'he and exterminate the raiders."

"Kill!" Four thousand horseback warriors gushed out of the camp.

The sight of reinforcements made Hu'he overjoyed. He patted his Qingfu horse and headed straight to the camp. Ouyang Shuo, on the other hand, stopped uniformly. Then, he turned to leave.

Before he left, Lin Yi used his internal force and shouted, "Lhakhshen you brat. Today I am here to teach you a lesson. The next time I come back, I will take that head of yours." Then, he laughed loudly in an extremely rampant manner.

No one had ever humiliated Lhakhshen like this before. Without a word, he led the troops and chased after them. Although Hu'he had just recounted his experiences, Lhakhshen did not believe that the raiders could mount another troop ambush. Even if they could, he did not need to fear, as he had his 4,000 elite warriors.

The savanna was once again the stage of an escape-pursuit scene. However, the two parties had switched places.

At this time, the strength and speed advantage of the Qingfu warhorse was evident. In less than 10 minutes, Lhakhshen and his troops were catching up, which brought their enemy into their shooting range.

Lhakhshen watched, as he closed in on to the fleeing enemy. His face was a deadpan; emotionless and cold, as if he was looking at a group of dead men.

Unfortunately, Lhakhshen did not know that he had just led his troops straight into Shanhai City's well-established trap. Lin Yi took out a special arrow and lit it on fire. Then, he turned his body on the horseback and released the fire arrow.

The fire arrow flew across the sky like a shooting star, and it accurately fell in Lhakhshen's proximity.

In the blink of an eye, the fire arrow lit the oil that Ouyang Shou's troops had poured on the grassland beforehand. The layout of the raging fire array was not a long strip like before. Instead, it covered the entire area. The raging flames, with the help of gales and weeds, submerged Lhakhshen in a sea of fire.

*Ps, OR, alternatively, you can also,Support and vote for us if you like TWO

A discord server for TWO! Join us here-

Chapter 195: Evacuation



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora



The fierce fire left the soldiers helpless, as they cried for help. Fiery flames consumed their bodies. One-by-one, they fell down from their horses and landed on the ground. The sea of fire burned and toasted them into coke.

The grassland burned and smoke billowed. It was capable of suffocating anyone in it.

Despite the Qingfu warhorses' bravery, they still panicked after the double blow of flames and smoke. They ran around the field like headless flies without a sense of direction. With the warriors in the formation, it was easy for them to bang on each other, and it would often mean a lose-lose situation.

The moment the flame soars high, Lhakhshen's face turned pale. He could tell instantly that the enemies before their eyes were not petty raiders. A big conspiracy was shadowing the skies of the whole Tian Qi tribe.

At this critical moment, he had to assume responsibility. He would have to bring his men out of the flames and bring them back to the tribal stronghold.

Lhakhshen's mount was a lord-level Qingfu horse, a platinum-level steed, so it was like a legendary animal. The Qingfu warhorse gave out a neighing sound and was the first to leap out of the flames.

The other Qingfu warhorses tracked their leader's sounds. They followed behind and went out together.

Yet, the moment Lhakhshen rode out of the flames of hell, he slipped into another despair.

The cunning of his enemy had almost reached a point beyond his imagination.

Outside the flames, two thousand enemy cavalry were standing-by. At this moment, their faces were no longer rampant and insolent like before. Instead, their faces were solemn and emotionless.

It struck him. Lhakhshen could tell that his enemies were just like them. They were originally regular military forces.

Right at the moment they spotted him coming out of the flames, they welcomed him with a burst of arrows. Intensive arrows ruthlessly harvested the lives of the lucky ones that survived the fire array.

The horseback warriors thought they would be safe the moment they came out from that flaming hell, yet they were actually coming out of one to step into another.

These successive hits crushed every single ounce of the tribal warriors' morale and courage.

The lucky warriors that survived the rain of arrows did not dare to have anyto have any second thoughts; they ran and quickly fled. Even mounted on a Qingfu warhorse leader, Lhakhshen did not dare to gather his troops and organize a counterattack. He rode his horse and rushed toward Shen Juan Lake.

Shanhai City cavalry did not pursue the last of the lucky ones. As the saying goes, one should not pursue broken foes and not press on desperate beasts. In order to survive, these lucky survivors would do anything. They would unleash an unimaginable power when they were in a plight.

Even though Ouyang Shuo was the winning party, he did not want to purse these desperate warriors and increase his losses.

Eventually, of the 5,000 tribal warriors, only less than a thousand people escaped alive.

Ouyang Shuo paid little attention to the burning fire array. He led his troops, routed away from the burning flames and rode toward ZhenXi camp to harvest their spoils of war.

By this time, the remnants of the camp guards had fled.

Hordes of elite cavalry usually owned three horses, two warhorses and a workhorse. The workhorse purpose was to carry things, while the calvary would alternate between the two warhorses to enhance their mobility.

Warhorses would get exhausted and lose weight very easily when carrying weights, which meant they had to be treasured and valued. In general, warhorses could travel 20-kilometers before it had to rest. At times like this, if there are two warhorses in rotation, they could naturally achieve a sustained rapid march.

Since Shanhai City had not engaged in a super long-distance warfare, the cavalries only had a single horse in general. At most, the vanguard 1st unit had Qingfu warhorses, along with the class change system gift horse as workhorses.

Cavalries from the mixed regiment were originally raiders. Even if they were not equipped with Qingfu warhorses, they also had their own two horses. While the newly established vanguard 2nd unit and Qiushui cavalry unit only had the system gifted horses.

Overall, compared to the nomadic tribes, Shanhai City cavalry seemed a little too shabby.

Strictly speaking, a cavalry needed at least two auxiliary soldier followers. One to carry his belongings and another to taking charge of his horse.

However, in order to simplify the game, the system made the cavalry not require auxiliary soldiers. Instead, the cavalry did it all himself.

The trophies Ouyang Shuo plundered from the battle were the horses in ZhenXi camp. Sure enough, in the stables stood 5,000 Qingfu horses and 5,000 ordinary horses.

In addition, they salvaged 1,000 Qingfu horses from the battlefield. Overall, they seized a total of six thousand Qinfu horses, so it was simply a sum of big wealth.

Calculated in accordance with five gold per a Qingfu horse, it would come to a sum of 30,000 golds. In addition to the workhorses, they seized the equivalent of over 40,000 gold. Most importantly, these Qingfu horses although have a price, but there was no market, no one would sell such valuable items.

Furthermore, in the camp arsenal, Shuo also plundered 5,000 composite bows. With these bow, Shanhai City military would be fully equipped with bows.

After this expedition, it would greatly reduce the need for warhorses in Shanhai City, with the price of 150 cavalry killed. Due to the long distance raid, Shuo had ordered his soldiers to bury the dead on-site.

Tian Qi ZhenXi camp had now became a dangerous place, it would not be wise to stay for long.

The troops mounted the Qingfu horses and drove the rest of the horses toward the west.

The had pre-arranged the direction of the evacuation. The troops could not leave for the south, as that would easily expose the position of Shanhai City; They could not go north either. Otherwise, they would bring trouble to Mulan Town. East was the worst because Tian Qi ZhenDong camp was located there. Hence, the only option was to head west.

The mighty hordes simply could not hide their whereabouts. They could only take advantage of the swift speed of the Qingfu horses to hurry out of the grassland before the tribes realized.

Because each horse cavalry had two Qingfu horses in rotation, the troops traveled more than 80-kilometers before it got dark. Their speed had greatly increased compared to the time they came.

The next day, five o'clock, the troops departed again. After a full day of forced march, they traveled directly over 100-kilometers. They completely left the grassland area the nomads occupied and ventured into the wilderness.

This time, Ouyang Shuo was finally at ease. During their day march, they had come across a team of nomad patrols. Quickly and swiftly, the cavalry eliminated them.

However, this exposed their position, just as the nomads wanted.

On the third day, the troops diverted south. Finally, before the night falls, they arrived in the river upstream of Friendship River. Here, the Beihai navy fleet had long awaited for them.

As for how the Beihai navy fleet was able to grasp the troops' whereabouts, the key lies in the hummingbirds from the Military Intelligence Division. These little birds the Xuanniao tribe offered may look little and insignificant, but they had greatly help Shanhai.

With the help of the Beihai navy fleet, they sailed through Friendship river. This time, they would be completely safe. There had yet to appear any power that could threaten them at the south of Friendship river.

Whatever the size of the raider's camp, in the face of Shanhai City cavalry, they would stand no chance at all. As for those lord player's territory, it was already a blessing that Ouyang Shuo did not provoke them and look for trouble. How could they have the courage to provoke Ouyang Shuo instead?

After crossing the river, the Beihai navy fleet rested next to the banks for the night. Tomorrow morning at first light, they would depart down the river and sail back to the Beihai port premises. Recently, Pei Donglai was stepping up the training of troops, as he was planning for a counterattack on Moon Island.

They traveled another two days. Finally, on the 2nd of August 5:30 PM, they returned to Shanhai City. From the day the expedition team left until they return, Operation Wildfire took a week's time. It was definitely not easy to travel so far.

After coming back, before the vanguard unit could rest, Ouyang Shuo sent them back to their duty positions in the City North Camp. Ouyang Shuo was worried about the City North Camp. He did not know what consequences could occur in the savanna due to the Operation Wildfire.

When the vanguard unit left, they did not take along any of the seized Qingfu horses.

Of the 6,000 Qingfu horses, 500 would be given to the mixed regiment cavalry unit and another 500 to the Qiushui cavalry unit. Of the remaining 5,000, they would temporarily stock 3,000 in the ranch of the City West, while he would send the last 2,000 to Jifeng Valley Pasture.

Ouyang Shuo didn't have the luxury to equip a cavalry with two Qingfu warhorses. In his current plan, Qingfu horses would only be mainly used as battlefield warhorses, while at times of peace, they would just ride ordinary horses.

As for the 5,000 workhorses, he was ready to hand them to the Transportation Division. Carriages were already produced, but they would be in vain if there weren't any workhorses. The Secretary of Transportation Division Zheng Shanpao had discussed this matter countless times with Ouyang Shuo.

Well now, Ouyang Shuo would settle the matter all at once.

As the city now expanded, there was a full 5-kilometers from the manor to the North Gate. It would take an hour to walk. Therefore, it was necessary to form and establish a city transportation system. With these workhorses, the Transportation Division could consider providing vehicle transportation services in the city, solving the problems.

After he returned, Ouyang Shuo first arrived at the arsenal and deposited 5,000 composite bows into it. As for the distribution of the bows, it would be the responsibility of the Military Affairs Department, so he did not need to worry about it.

Back to the manor, it was already six in the evening. Hence, Ouyang Shuo went straight to the backyard rather than his usual office.

"Big brother, you're back!"

The sharp-eyed Bing'er instantly saw Ouyang Shuo and ran over, so that he could hold her.

In recent years, this might be the longest period of time that Ouyang Shuo had left Bing'er alone. The little girl naturally missed him a lot. Every day she would be talking and asking, When will brother come back?

After a week of travel and battle, dust and blood dirtied his body. Although the blood had dried out, the smell retained. In such a state, Ouyang Shuo did not dare to hold Bing'er. He quickly stopped her and said, "Baby, brother is dirty. Let brother clean and freshen up. Then, I will accompany you for dinner, okay?"

Bing'er came forward and sniffed. Sure enough, there was a peculiar smell, so she said, "Smelly smelly."

Ouyang Shuo smiled. Suddenly, he reached out with his hand and pinched down on her soft white face, leaving a dirty stain. Immediately before Bing'er could react, he turned and ran away.

*Ps, OR, alternatively, you can also,Support and vote for us if you like TWO

A discord server for TWO! Join us here-



* * *





Chapter 193




Chapter 193: TWO Chapter 193: Operation Wildfire (2 / 3)

Chapter 193: Operation Wildfire (2 / 3)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nova

7th month 24th, night.

The vanguard unit sneaked out of City North Camp, while two units from the mixed regiment took over their place.

First light tomorrow morning, the mixed regiment’s two units would start their usual morning training in the camp, while disguised as the vanguard unit. Tian Feng scouts couldn’t come too close to the camp. Hence, they wouldn’t know that the troops had all been replaced.

Vanguard 1st unit left their Qingfu warhorses and Mingguang armors behind in the camp. Then, they wore and mounted their alternate equipment and horses. The four cavalry units all dressed themselves as raiders—the clothes plundered from the raider captives.

That’s right, for this operation, they had disguised themselves as raiders.

Their destination was far from the border, so they had to venture deep into the savanna. Hence, in order to reduce risk and avoid being spotted, the four cavalry units would travel their own paths, as they rode their ways toward Tian Qi tribe ZhenXi camp. The units used their specially-trained hummingbirds to communicate through the intelligence team.

At the same time, the five squadrons from every unit would also spread out two kilometers from each other.

ZhenXi camp was situated 160 kilometers away from the Friendship River. Traveling alone would take three days if the journey was smooth and steady without mishaps.

Because it was savanna—an open field grassland—there was simply nowhere to hide. Therefore, the cavalries would not hide by day and come out by night. Instead, they would march at a steady pace and eliminate every nomad they encountered to cover their existence.

Lei Xun led Military intelligence team two. They had finished their preparation work, the pathways they chose for the four cavalry units were all routed away from the tribal camps.

Ouyang Shuo personally followed the expedition force, and he would ride between the vanguard first unit second squadron and the third squadron. The newly established lord’s guards rode beside him. As for Lin Yi, he led the cavalry first squadron at the forefront.

July 25th, morning 5 a.m. dawn.

With the help of the Beihai navy, the expedition force crossed the Friendship River. From here onward, the force would separate and ride their own paths. They would only gather together when they reach their final destination.

On the first day, everything went well because they crossed the site of the Tian Lian tribe that had been wiped off. Although the Tian Feng tribe had taken over the area, they had not arranged any pastoralists. Tin Feng tribe had only taken this area as a ranch to use.

Therefore, on this day, the overall progress of the expedition forces was relatively rapid. In addition, without infantry dragging them down, they could travel a full 60 kilometers. At seven o'clock in the evening, the scattered squadrons regrouped to rest on the spot.

Military tents and military grain pills, these two logistics weapons, began to show their importance.

In the morning, each soldier took one military grain pill. For the rest of the day, they would not need to eat anymore. Without the need to create fire for a meal, they had minimized the risk of exposure. As for drinking water, they had long since stored enough water in their backpacks for three days. In addition, in Ouyang Shuo's storage bag, there was still a quantity of drinking water.

Tomorrow, the troops would have to cross the site of a medium-sized tribe, and the risk factor would greatly increase.

Fiv

e o'clock the next day, the squadrons departed. They kept a two kilometer distance from each other and took advantage of the early morning when there were fewer people to travel some distance.

At noon, Ouyang Shuo was riding Black Tornado, while his guards rode beside him. Just then, a group of herdsmen appeared in front of them. There were about seven or eight people, driving and grazing the flock.

"My lord?" Guard Captain Wang Feng immediately rushed in front of Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo naturally understood Wang Feng’s intentions and nodded.

Then, Wang Feng made a gesture toward the rear. As a result, half of the guards immediately left the ranks like a group of hungry wolves and rushed toward the pastoralists.

When the pastoralists saw the guards, they thought they were raiders. They panicked and immediately fled.

The horses that served as the mounts of the pastoralists were naturally not Qingfu horse. Even in the nomadic tribes, Qingfu horses were somewhat rare. It wasn't so common that the ordinary grazing pastoralists could ride them.

The guards’ attacks were very tactical. Instead of directly hurling toward them, they first flanked them on both sides to form an encirclement that surrounded the herders. This action prevented them from slipping through.

The guards surrounded the pastoralists, who panicked. Their mouths grumbled with unintelligible words, and it was estimated that they were begging for mercy. While talking, they pointed their fingers to the flock not far away. These gestures denoted that the flocks could be taken away in exchange for their pitiful lives.

Sadly, what they met was not the bandits who robbed money, but the officers and men of Shanhai City.

The lord's guards were soldiers of life and death, so their hearts were as cold as ice and hard as stone. They held an emotionless poker face, as they rode on their horsebacks. They raised their bows and released a volley of deadly arrows that shot their victims down from their horses.

According to Ouyang Shuo's original intentions, he was naturally reluctant to harm the innocents, especially civilians.

However, this operation was so important that it could not tolerate any accidents. The blood and tears of others had long since covered his hands.

Those pastoralists looked at the arrows in their chest with shock.

They could not understand why these raiders were not like the rumors, who only took money instead of lives. Instead, these raiders took away their most precious lives away from them. Even being taken away to the raiders camp as captives was still a better ending than this.

They guards paid little attention to the flocks, as they rode to the corpses. They pulled out their Tang swords and slashed the corpses to ensure no loose ends. After that, they removed the shovel prepared in advance from the backpacks and dug a large pit to bury the dead bodies. Then, they covered the dead with a layer of weeds as a simple disguise.

When the night arrives, the relatives of the dead pastoralists became aware that they were missing and did not come home. Coupled with the time required to search for them, it was estimated that it would take one or two days before they could find the land where the dead bodies were buried. Even so, it would be nothing more than an incident identified as a raider attack that simply could not attract the attention of the tribal leaders.

This was but only a small incident that happened on the way. Similar things also took place in the four cavalry units. The Military Affairs Department had formulated this set of handling measures in advance, and they had given detailed explanations to every soldier. This was the function and value of the Military Affairs Department. They were responsible for the development of a very detailed war plan. A variety of small details, as far as possible, were taken into account.

At night, the team stopped again. Tomorrow, they were about to enter the territory of the Tian Qi tribe. The camp of ZhenXi was located on the western edge of the Tian Qi tribe, which made it a full 50 kilometers away from the Khan tent beside the Shen Juan Lake.

After they entered the territory of Tian Qi tribe, the number of pastoralists around the area increased. Occasionally, they would meet with tribal warriors that patroled the border. At times like this, they would try to avoid them, but if a fight was inevitable, they could only eliminate the warriors.

However, when the night fell, and the ZhenXi patrols returned to their home base, they would realize that their fellow warriors were missing. It would raise their alarms. But this was not something Ouyang Shuo could control. It was inevitable, as it was not that easy for an army to sneak into their enemy's hinterland.

At three o'clock in the afternoon, the cavalry units stopped 10 kilometers away from the ZhenXi camp. If they headed further, they would step foot in the core area of the camp. Moving into the camp recklessly during the day would be tantamount to suicide.

In order to hide their whereabouts, they once again spread out and hid in the pastoralists' homes. As for the original owners of pastoralists' home, their fate could be imagined. Just like a monster, the two thousand troops secretly lurked outside of the ZhenXi camp, as they eyed their prey.

In the evening, after the centurion in the ZhenXi camp routinely counted the patrols, they noticed that some of the warriors who were on patrol duty on the frontier had not returned on time.

The abnormal situation was immediately reported to the captain, and the captain again reported to the camp commander Lhakhshen. After hearing the report from the captain, Lhakhshen frowned and asked, "Have you sent anyone to check?"

"General, I have sent a hundred men to the border to investigate. I find the situation rather odd, and that is why I have specifically come to report." The captain was not negligent.

The town had not experienced any war for many years, and matters like this seldom happened.

Thinking of the exhortations from the Khan, Lhakhshen did not dare to take this matter lightly.

"Give my orders. Tonight, the camp shall maintain a full alert, and we will increase the patrols on duty." Lhakhshen decided to take cautious measures.

For some unknown reason, he had felt a little restless during these two days. It was as though a ruthless beast was eyeing him in the dark, yet he still couldn't see any traces of the beast. This made Lhakhshen very uneasy, and the disappearance of the patrollers further aggravated this uneasy sentiment.

However, in front of his subordinates, Lhakhshen remained as calm as usual.

"Understood!"

……

10 kilometers away from the camp, there was a very humble pastoral tent.

At six o'clock in the afternoon, Lei Xun, who had disguised himself as a pastoralist, opened the tent and walked in. Then, he respectfully said, "My lord, as expected, the camp was alerted."

It turned out that Ouyang Shuo had settled here.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. The reaction of the enemy did not go beyond his expectations.

According to the report, the town commander Lhakhshen was not a simple person to deal with, “Contact the units. Tonight, we will act according to the plan.”

“Understood!”

Seven o'clock in the evening, Ouyang Shuo exited the tent and rode Black Tornado. He took advantage of the night, and under Lei Xun’s guidance, Ouyang Shuo visited the units one by one. Every time he reached a unit camp, Ouyang Shuo would remove a barrel of alchemical fire oil from the storage bag and pass it to the soldiers.

In the savanna of July. The starry night sky and the cool monsoon breeze that blew waves of green grass. Under the starlights, the cavalries walked out of the tents one by one, as they carried the barrel of oils and tied it on the horse’s saddlebags. These saddlebags had been specially modified, so each side of the saddle could contain two barrels of alchemical fire oil.



* * *





Chapter 194




Chapter 194: TWO Chapter 194: Operation Wildfire (3 / 3)

Chapter 194: Operation Wildfire (3 / 3)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nova

The Shanhai cavalries mounted their horses. Step-by-step, they began to sneak into the camp.

When the cavalries departed, it was already around 9 to 10 at night. The night was dark, and the weeds were high. Even with the help of the faint starlights, it was difficult to distinguish between the silhouette of humans and other things.

As the investigation team came back with nothing, the commander of ZhenXi camp ordered martial law again. The patrol warriors had twice received the instructions from the commander that asked them to raise their vigilance. However, through the whole night, even a ghostly shadow could not be seen, so they could not help but relax and lay down. One by one, they yawned in boredom.

Furthermore, there weren’t any wars in the recent years. The Tian Qi tribe claimed itself as the king of savanna, so the warriors grew lazier and started to slack. They took the disappearance incident during the day as nothing more than just an accident.

Maybe those missing patrols had secretly sneaked into some girl’s tents and had stayed there. The patrols were chatting and talking to pass the time.

“Hey, do you think that the commander is too cautious? Just a few missing patrols, and yet he makes such a big fuss. Depriving our night and making us suffer in the cold,” a soldier complained.

“Brat, don’t you dare say a bad word about the commander. Do you want to die?” the centurion leading the team rebuked. Lhakhshen had a high prestige within the camp, so one must be careful when they spoke about him.

The soldier also knew that his words were impulsive, and he had said something wrong. Fortunately, the centurion was a good friend of his, so he laughed and said, “Leader, I know. I am at fault, so please do not report me.”

The military regulations of the savanna were harsh and cruel. If anyone seriously handled this matter, then the soldier would not end well. At least, he would be whipped.

“Do not worry!” The Centurion did not want to make a fuss of it either.

During July, the mosquitoes in the savanna were many and large, so it was hard for one to endure. Thanks to the dedication of the warriors, although they mouths complained, they didn’t neglect their duties.

A short distance away, the cavalries dismounted and held the reins in their hands. Like ghosts, they slowly moved toward the camp patrols.

After they entered the effective range, they squatted down on the ground and hid their whereabouts. Quietly, they stealth shot the patrols to death one-by-one.

The vanguards were all elite soldiers proficient at shooting. As for melee-combat, it was almost impossible in the grassland.

Ouyang Shuo’s men slowly picked off the patrols.

Slowly and steadily, they reached five kilometers away from the camp. As it was closer to the camp, the vigilance level was raised. Any signs or sounds of combat could immediately alert the camp.

Therefore, Shanhai cavalry stopped moving forward.

Ouyang Shuo mounted his horse and gazed at the distant camp.

Because it was a settlement camp, the camp wasn’t like the Tian Lian tribe. It was just an encirclement of tents that formed a defense circle.

The camp was no different from the camps on the Central Plains. Tall wooden walls erected above the ground surrounded the camp and arrow towers stood at the four corners. There was only a main gate open in the south.

It was impossible to take down such a camp with only 2,000 cavalries, so their only choice w

as field combat.

However, field combat was precisely the nomadic warriors’ best combat mode. According to the Military Intelligence Department intelligence investigation, the camp had 5,000 horseback warriors. Among them, they had 1,000 heavy cavalries, and the remaining 4,000 were light cavalries.

The horseback warriors often took the lead in sending light cavalry to lure enemies. Then, they round out the two wings of the enemy for outflanking. At this critical moment, heavy cavalries would charge forward and clear their enemies in one killing blow to decide the outcome of the war.

The Shanhai cavalries dismounted. They began to layout and prepared the fire array. This was Lin Yi’s tactic. They would lure the enemies out of their camp and use the fire array to stop the enemies.

When they finished setting up the fire array, they all evacuated.

……

July 28th, 6 a.m.

The vanguard 1st unit was tasked with luring the enemy forces. Under the leadership of Lin Yi, they rode toward the camp. Along the way, they indiscriminately shot down the patrols.

For the whole night, Lhakhshen did not sleep well. Hence, he got up early. Before he could do anything else, a warrior came rushing in and said, “Reporting to the commander, a band of raiders has appeared to the south of the camp. They have around five hundred people, and they are coming for the camp.”

This report shocked Lhakhshen as it was simply unbelievable, “You are talking about raiders? Only five hundred people, who gave them the courage to attack our camp?”

The warrior answered, “Yes, commander, five hundred raiders.”

“Let’s go!” Lhakhshen decided to personally check the situation.

Lhakhshen climbed the arrow tower. When he looked ahead, he only saw the distant troops dressed in raider attire wantonly clearing the warrior guards stationed in the outer area. At the same time, they also continually whistled. Their attitudes were extremely wild and ill.

Faced with such naked provocation, Lhakhshen simply could not tolerate it. He ordered a light cavalry captain to lead his troops and teach the raiders a lesson.

Captain Hu’he excitedly received the order. In his opinion, it was easy to defeat these raiders, so this was a merit-based war effort. It seems that the commander still had high hopes in him.

A thousand cavalry rushed out of the camp like an arrow.

Who would have known that those raiders were a bunch of useless soft eggs. When they saw the cavalries, they panicked and turned and fled like a flock of sheep.

Relying on the advantages of the Qingfu warhorse, Hu'he did not give up. He led his warriors and continued to pursue the raiders.

At the camp arrow tower, the gradually disappearing warriors puzzled the strategist— Er’risi—he turned and said to Lhakhshen, “Commander, the situation seems to be somewhat wrong. These strange raiders came out of nowhere and fled so suddenly. Will there be some trickeries going on?”

Lhakhshen nodded, “Indeed, something is unusual. Order the rest of the troops to be on standby. With Hu'he’s ability, even if the raiders are truly fraudulent, he can still retreat safely.”

“Understood!”

On the other hand, Hu'he led his troops and chased the raiders for more than 10 kilometers, and he was about to catch up. Suddenly, more raiders emerged from the two sides. They immediately surrounded Hu'he and his men.

“Sh*t, a trap!” Hu'he was finally alerted, and he knew he had fallen into a trap.

Unfortunately, his troops were pressing forward too harshly at the moment, and they couldn’t immediately stop the inertia. The raiders from the sides pierced his troops like sharp knives.

In the face of the nomad warriors, Ouyang Shuo did not stupidly choose to fight with the arts of archer ridings. Instead, he engaged the warriors in close combat and took advantage of the Tang swords and armor, as he fought them at their weaknesses.

The horseback warriors were almost defenseless, as they only wore simple leather armors. In the face of tang sword, this was fatal.

The sharp blade of Tang sword could easily slice through the enemy’s leather armor and straight into their flesh. They only left behind death or injuries.

The battle had started.

Finally, Hu’he and his troops had begun to gather together and stabilize. They were ready for a round of tough battle. Right at this moment, Lin Yi and his vanguard 1st unit had already turned back and encircled Hu'he.

Immediately Hu’he realized that they were powerless, so he decisively ordered the troops to retreat.

However, Ouyang Shuo did not give him the opportunity to leave. 2,000 Shanhai City cavalry pursued Hu’he. The blood stained the savanna, and the sad neigh of horses resounded through the sky.

After nearly an hour of mad slaughter, less than two hundred warriors of Hu’he troops survived. They herded Hu’he in the middle, and they hastily escaped the encirclement. Then, they headed toward ZhenXi camp. Shanhai cavalries chased and relentlessly pursued them.

Due to the limitations of their horses, the distance between the two sides grew farther and farther. Eventually, Hu’he escaped.

However, little did he know. His success was only because Ouyang Shuo intended to let him escape. By doing so, Shuo could completely provoke Lhakhshen and cause him to lead the warriors out of the camp.

Ouyang Shuo chased after the fleeing party. Shortly, they arrived before the camp.

Sure enough, Lhakhshen could not help but become furious when he witnessed his warriors panicking and fleeing, while the raiders pursued them. He snapped and said, “Courageous!”

As he finished his word, he ran down the tower and mounted his Qingfu warhorse leader. Then, he shouted, “Everyone with me. Rescue Hu’he and exterminate the raiders.”

“Kill!” Four thousand horseback warriors gushed out of the camp.

The sight of reinforcements made Hu’he overjoyed. He patted his Qingfu horse and headed straight to the camp. Ouyang Shuo, on the other hand, stopped uniformly. Then, he turned to leave.

Before he left, Lin Yi used his internal force and shouted, “Lhakhshen you brat. Today I am here to teach you a lesson. The next time I come back, I will take that head of yours.” Then, he laughed loudly in an extremely rampant manner.

No one had ever humiliated Lhakhshen like this before. Without a word, he led the troops and chased after them. Although Hu’he had just recounted his experiences, Lhakhshen did not believe that the raiders could mount another troop ambush. Even if they could, he did not need to fear, as he had his 4,000 elite warriors.

The savanna was once again the stage of an escape-pursuit scene. However, the two parties had switched places.

At this time, the strength and speed advantage of the Qingfu warhorse was evident. In less than 10 minutes, Lhakhshen and his troops were catching up, which brought their enemy into their shooting range.

Lhakhshen watched, as he closed in on to the fleeing enemy. His face was a deadpan; emotionless and cold, as if he was looking at a group of dead men.

Unfortunately, Lhakhshen did not know that he had just led his troops straight into Shanhai City’s well-established trap. Lin Yi took out a special arrow and lit it on fire. Then, he turned his body on the horseback and released the fire arrow.

The fire arrow flew across the sky like a shooting star, and it accurately fell in Lhakhshen’s proximity.

In the blink of an eye, the fire arrow lit the oil that Ouyang Shou’s troops had poured on the grassland beforehand. The layout of the raging fire array was not a long strip like before. Instead, it covered the entire area. The raging flames, with the help of gales and weeds, submerged Lhakhshen in a sea of fire.



* * *





Chapter 195




Chapter 195: TWO Chapter 195: Evacuation

Chapter 195: Evacuation



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora



The fierce fire left the soldiers helpless, as they cried for help. Fiery flames consumed their bodies. One-by-one, they fell down from their horses and landed on the ground. The sea of fire burned and toasted them into coke.

The grassland burned and smoke billowed. It was capable of suffocating anyone in it.

Despite the Qingfu warhorses’ bravery, they still panicked after the double blow of flames and smoke. They ran around the field like headless flies without a sense of direction. With the warriors in the formation, it was easy for them to bang on each other, and it would often mean a lose-lose situation.

The moment the flame soars high, Lhakhshen’s face turned pale. He could tell instantly that the enemies before their eyes were not petty raiders. A big conspiracy was shadowing the skies of the whole Tian Qi tribe.

At this critical moment, he had to assume responsibility. He would have to bring his men out of the flames and bring them back to the tribal stronghold.

Lhakhshen’s mount was a lord-level Qingfu horse, a platinum-level steed, so it was like a legendary animal. The Qingfu warhorse gave out a neighing sound and was the first to leap out of the flames.

The other Qingfu warhorses tracked their leader’s sounds. They followed behind and went out together.

Yet, the moment Lhakhshen rode out of the flames of hell, he slipped into another despair.

The cunning of his enemy had almost reached a point beyond his imagination.

Outside the flames, two thousand enemy cavalry were standing-by. At this moment, their faces were no longer rampant and insolent like before. Instead, their faces were solemn and emotionless.

It struck him. Lhakhshen could tell that his enemies were just like them. They were originally regular military forces.

Right at the moment they spotted him coming out of the flames, they welcomed him with a burst of arrows. Intensive arrows ruthlessly harvested the lives of the lucky ones that survived the fire array.

The horseback warriors thought they would be safe the moment they came out from that flaming hell, yet they were actually coming out of one to step into another.

These successive hits crushed every single ounce of the tribal warriors’ morale and courage.

The lucky warriors that survived the rain of arrows did not dare to have any second thoughts; they ran and quickly fled. Even mounted on a Qingfu warhorse leader, Lhakhshen did not dare to gather his troops and organize a counterattack. He rode his horse and rushed toward Shen Juan Lake.

Shanhai City cavalry did not pursue the last of the lucky ones. As the saying goes, one should not pursue broken foes and not press on desperate beasts. In order to survive, these lucky survivors would do anything. They would unleash an unimaginable power when they were in a plight.

Even though Ouyang Shuo was the winning party, he did not want to purse these desperate warriors and increase his losses.

Eventually, of the 5,000 tribal warriors, only less than a thousand people escaped alive.

Ouyang Shuo paid little attention to the burning fire array. He led his troops, routed away from the burning flames and rode toward ZhenXi camp to harvest their spoils of war.

By this time, the remnants of the camp guards had fled.

Hordes of elite cavalry usually owned three horses, two warhorses and a workhorse. The workhorse purpose was to carry things, while the calvary would alternate between the two warhorses to enhance their mobi

lity.

Warhorses would get exhausted and lose weight very easily when carrying weights, which meant they had to be treasured and valued. In general, warhorses could travel 20-kilometers before it had to rest. At times like this, if there are two warhorses in rotation, they could naturally achieve a sustained rapid march.

Since Shanhai City had not engaged in a super long-distance warfare, the cavalries only had a single horse in general. At most, the vanguard 1st unit had Qingfu warhorses, along with the class change system gift horse as workhorses.

Cavalries from the mixed regiment were originally raiders. Even if they were not equipped with Qingfu warhorses, they also had their own two horses. While the newly established vanguard 2nd unit and Qiushui cavalry unit only had the system gifted horses.

Overall, compared to the nomadic tribes, Shanhai City cavalry seemed a little too shabby.

Strictly speaking, a cavalry needed at least two auxiliary soldier followers. One to carry his belongings and another to taking charge of his horse.

However, in order to simplify the game, the system made the cavalry not require auxiliary soldiers. Instead, the cavalry did it all himself.

The trophies Ouyang Shuo plundered from the battle were the horses in ZhenXi camp. Sure enough, in the stables stood 5,000 Qingfu horses and 5,000 ordinary horses.

In addition, they salvaged 1,000 Qingfu horses from the battlefield. Overall, they seized a total of six thousand Qinfu horses, so it was simply a sum of big wealth.

Calculated in accordance with five gold per a Qingfu horse, it would come to a sum of 30,000 golds. In addition to the workhorses, they seized the equivalent of over 40,000 gold. Most importantly, these Qingfu horses although have a price, but there was no market, no one would sell such valuable items.

Furthermore, in the camp arsenal, Shuo also plundered 5,000 composite bows. With these bow, Shanhai City military would be fully equipped with bows.

After this expedition, it would greatly reduce the need for warhorses in Shanhai City, with the price of 150 cavalry killed. Due to the long distance raid, Shuo had ordered his soldiers to bury the dead on-site.

Tian Qi ZhenXi camp had now became a dangerous place, it would not be wise to stay for long.

The troops mounted the Qingfu horses and drove the rest of the horses toward the west.

The had pre-arranged the direction of the evacuation. The troops could not leave for the south, as that would easily expose the position of Shanhai City; They could not go north either. Otherwise, they would bring trouble to Mulan Town. East was the worst because Tian Qi ZhenDong camp was located there. Hence, the only option was to head west.

The mighty hordes simply could not hide their whereabouts. They could only take advantage of the swift speed of the Qingfu horses to hurry out of the grassland before the tribes realized.

Because each horse cavalry had two Qingfu horses in rotation, the troops traveled more than 80-kilometers before it got dark. Their speed had greatly increased compared to the time they came.

The next day, five o'clock, the troops departed again. After a full day of forced march, they traveled directly over 100-kilometers. They completely left the grassland area the nomads occupied and ventured into the wilderness.

This time, Ouyang Shuo was finally at ease. During their day march, they had come across a team of nomad patrols. Quickly and swiftly, the cavalry eliminated them.

However, this exposed their position, just as the nomads wanted.

On the third day, the troops diverted south. Finally, before the night falls, they arrived in the river upstream of Friendship River. Here, the Beihai navy fleet had long awaited for them.

As for how the Beihai navy fleet was able to grasp the troops’ whereabouts, the key lies in the hummingbirds from the Military Intelligence Division. These little birds the Xuanniao tribe offered may look little and insignificant, but they had greatly help Shanhai.

With the help of the Beihai navy fleet, they sailed through Friendship river. This time, they would be completely safe. There had yet to appear any power that could threaten them at the south of Friendship river.

Whatever the size of the raider’s camp, in the face of Shanhai City cavalry, they would stand no chance at all. As for those lord player’s territory, it was already a blessing that Ouyang Shuo did not provoke them and look for trouble. How could they have the courage to provoke Ouyang Shuo instead?

After crossing the river, the Beihai navy fleet rested next to the banks for the night. Tomorrow morning at first light, they would depart down the river and sail back to the Beihai port premises. Recently, Pei Donglai was stepping up the training of troops, as he was planning for a counterattack on Moon Island.

They traveled another two days. Finally, on the 2nd of August 5:30 PM, they returned to Shanhai City. From the day the expedition team left until they return, Operation Wildfire took a week’s time. It was definitely not easy to travel so far.

After coming back, before the vanguard unit could rest, Ouyang Shuo sent them back to their duty positions in the City North Camp. Ouyang Shuo was worried about the City North Camp. He did not know what consequences could occur in the savanna due to the Operation Wildfire.

When the vanguard unit left, they did not take along any of the seized Qingfu horses.

Of the 6,000 Qingfu horses, 500 would be given to the mixed regiment cavalry unit and another 500 to the Qiushui cavalry unit. Of the remaining 5,000, they would temporarily stock 3,000 in the ranch of the City West, while he would send the last 2,000 to Jifeng Valley Pasture.

Ouyang Shuo didn’t have the luxury to equip a cavalry with two Qingfu warhorses. In his current plan, Qingfu horses would only be mainly used as battlefield warhorses, while at times of peace, they would just ride ordinary horses.

As for the 5,000 workhorses, he was ready to hand them to the Transportation Division. Carriages were already produced, but they would be in vain if there weren’t any workhorses. The Secretary of Transportation Division Zheng Shanpao had discussed this matter countless times with Ouyang Shuo.

Well now, Ouyang Shuo would settle the matter all at once.

As the city now expanded, there was a full 5-kilometers from the manor to the North Gate. It would take an hour to walk. Therefore, it was necessary to form and establish a city transportation system. With these workhorses, the Transportation Division could consider providing vehicle transportation services in the city, solving the problems.

After he returned, Ouyang Shuo first arrived at the arsenal and deposited 5,000 composite bows into it. As for the distribution of the bows, it would be the responsibility of the Military Affairs Department, so he did not need to worry about it.

Back to the manor, it was already six in the evening. Hence, Ouyang Shuo went straight to the backyard rather than his usual office.

"Big brother, you're back!"

The sharp-eyed Bing’er instantly saw Ouyang Shuo and ran over, so that he could hold her.

In recent years, this might be the longest period of time that Ouyang Shuo had left Bing’er alone. The little girl naturally missed him a lot. Every day she would be talking and asking, When will brother come back?

After a week of travel and battle, dust and blood dirtied his body. Although the blood had dried out, the smell retained. In such a state, Ouyang Shuo did not dare to hold Bing’er. He quickly stopped her and said, “Baby, brother is dirty. Let brother clean and freshen up. Then, I will accompany you for dinner, okay?”

Bing’er came forward and sniffed. Sure enough, there was a peculiar smell, so she said, “Smelly smelly.”

Ouyang Shuo smiled. Suddenly, he reached out with his hand and pinched down on her soft white face, leaving a dirty stain. Immediately before Bing’er could react, he turned and ran away.



* * *





Chapter 196




Chapter 196: Secret Manual Sales

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

August 3rd, 10 AM.

Ouyang Shuo appeared in the manor’s office and started to handle the government affairs that was stockpiled for a week.

During the second half of July, Langshan mining field and Northern Salt Fields contributed a total of 8,100 gold. These funds had yet to be allocated by Ouyang Shuo. Because of this, many workers had yet to receive their pay wages for July.

In fact, the allocation was simple. There wasn’t much to allocate. With the commencement of the projects, the Department of Finance was tight financially again. Hence it was given 5,100 gold, and it was already the lowest amount Ouyang Shuo could offer.

Of the remaining 3,000 gold, 1,000 gold was added to the Four Seas Bank Mulan Town Branch, while the last 2,000 gold would be used to start a new branch of the Four Seas Bank in the Black Lion Town.

Ouyang Shuo did not reserve a single gold coin for himself, not that he didn’t need any gold, but he already held a huge fortune, which was the 120 secret manuals.

Over the past month, the prices of secret manuals continued rising. It had been close to the 700 gold mark set by Ouyang Shuo. Soon, Ouyang Shuo was ready to sell off the manuals and obtain funds from the sale.

He had decided to take advantage of the low prices of food, using the funds obtained from the sales of manuals and acquire a batch of foods when the time comes in the future. He would sell the food when the prices were high and would profit from the differences in cost.

If his memory was correct, then the highest point of time, the food prices rose up to 30 coppers per unit, triple the usual price. Lessing the 10% taxation fees, cost of food storage and the waste grains during transportation, he could still enjoy a profit of 250%, much higher than selling manuals.

Ouyang Shuo has ordered the Construction Division to build a large granary on the outskirts west of the city, dedicated to the storage of food stocks.

After a month of construction, Xinan University has taken shape, the three colleges have also been set up entirely, and they were starting taking in students. The rest to construct was the auxiliary facilities that do not affect the teaching and learning activities.

Following the instructions of Ouyang Shuo, every government servants including those of affiliated territories, except for jinshi and juren, the others would have to continue and advance their studies at Xinan University.

To this end, the Administration Department has enacted a mechanism scheduling the officials' rotations. Its purpose was to ensure the normal operations of the government bodies while at the same time ensuring each official would receive at least a month of education at Xinan University.

Finance Director Cui Yingyu took the initiative to take the first lead to attend classes in the School of Economics Business studies.

One could tell that in the foreseeable future, Shanhai County officials would celebrate another round of upgrade and ability enhancement.

Also, Natural Science Institution was now starting admission for talents, completely breaking the ancient craftsmen’s underprivileged status, and it denoted the advancement of the status of craftsmen in the territory.

A large number of carpenters, farmers, fruit farmers and other talents, were recruited into the Natural Science Institution to learn modern, scientific and logical knowledge.

It had caused a big stir in the territory. Fortunately, within the territory, there weren’t any big and powerful family clans, most of them were ordinary people, and hence it was easier to make this policy to be implemented.

Other than that, Medical Department had also started operating.

In the afternoon, when Ouyang Shuo was dealing with government affairs, beside his ears suddenly came a burst of system announcements.

"System Notice: Congratulations to the player Sha Pojun for becoming the ninth lord to upgrade to grade 1 county; special reward of 600 merit points!"

"System Notice: Congratulations to the player Sha Pojun for becoming the ninth lord..."

"System Notice: Congratulations to the player Sha Pojun..."

The fact that Asura Town’s success in upgrading itself to a county had shocked Xunlong Dianxue the most. His Xunlong Town has met the basic conditions to apply for the promotion. The walls had also been built. The only worry was the lack of troops.

According to Xunlong Dianxue, his Xunlong Town plus the affiliated territories together only have 2,500 troops, how could he have the courage to apply for the promotion recklessly?

But Asura Town’s successful promotion had boiled the competition for the last place on the top ten of China. Hesitate more, and the chance might be seized by the others.

This time, the only one who could help Xunlong Dianxue was Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo need not offer his help, Xunlong Dianxue came looking for it. As long as the Ouyang Shuo was willing to help Xunlong Town in its promotion, it would allow Four Seas Bank to open a branch in Xunlong Town.

He was in such hurry because he was desperate to claim his place in the top ten list of China. Do not underestimate honor. If it was used properly, it could bring many benefits to the holder.

Not to mention the others, just claiming the honor alone of being included in the top ten list could significantly increase the repetition of the territory. It would be easier to recruit elite players and increase the attractiveness to historical figures.

Ouyang Shuo pondered and took some time to think. In order to help Xunlong Town for its promotion, he could help with two matters, that is, funds and equipment. With sufficient funds, Xunlong Town could then expand its military force; with enough equipment, Xunlong Town could arm its military forces.

In the end, after the negotiations, Ouyang Shuo and Xunlong Dianxue came to an agreement.

[One] Shanhai County would set up a branch of Four Seas Bank in Xunlong Town with reserve funds of no less than 5,000 gold. Xunlong Town would construct the necessary infrastructure while Shanhai County would ensure the funds be in place within 3 days.

[Two] Shanhai County as previously agreed price, which is 5 gold per Tang sword and 10 gold per bow, Shanhai would sell 1,000 Tang sword and 1,000 composite bows, a total price of 15,000 gold. The money would automatically be converted to Four Seas Bank commercial loans, with the loan period of one year.

Calculated in accordance with Four Seas Bank commercial loans monthly interest rate of 3%, on a monthly basis equal principal and interest repayment, monthly repayment of 1490 gold coins, adding up to a total repayment of 17880 gold, and the total amount of interest paid would be 2880 gold.

Because the progress of the game was much faster than the real world. Hence, the monthly payment would basically be equivalent to annual payments; a year of loans equivalent of a loan of 12 years in reality.

When the loan amount reached 10,000 gold, the profitability of loans by Four Seas Bank could be seen clearly.

Ouyang Shuo was not worried that Xunlong Dianxue could not afford to repay. After all, after promotion to a county, taking out a thousand gold coins a month could still be done.

Of course, it is conceivable that the coming year, Xunlong County would live in tight financial condition.

The second day after the agreement was signed, Ouyang Shuo arrived at the market. He began to sell the secret manuals he had. In the market, gold-level secret manuals were still in short supply at the moment.

A secret manual would require a considerable amount of time to practice. For example, Ouyang Shuo’s Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique took him 2 and a half months. He could only reach level 3 at the end of July.

Secret manuals like Yang Family Spear Technique and Bajiquan Martial Arts Manual also took him 2 to 3 months before he reached the level of ‘Novice.’ That was with the help and guidance of a master in the respective arts. Otherwise, he would progress even slower.

Therefore, it would be wise to choose a highly graded secret manual from the start.

Those aspiring players, including some high-end players, especially the players in either the ten guilds or significant forces, would only practice secret manuals of gold-level or higher.

To practice those below the gold level was merely a waste of time.

Hence, this was precisely the best period to sell the gold-level secret manuals. Otherwise, from the second year onwards, the players would set their eyes on the higher grade secret manuals of king-level.

Ouyang Shuo started selling them one by one, each one priced at 700 gold. As expected, the moment it was placed on the market, it got bought instantly.

As he started selling them on the market, the news spread, more players were attracted by the sudden appearance of gold-level secret manuals in the market.

“Holy crap, do you know about it, the sudden appearance a batch of gold-level secret manuals on the market.”

“You are outdated, look, I’ve bought mine.”

“Damn, you are so rich, what a tycoon!”

“Ah, the money was borrowed from my friends, for the next few months, I’ll have to eat simply.”

In the major forces and top merchant guilds, they had special members that keep an eye on the market.

Hence, they were the first to react. Immediately, messages were sent to their higher-ups, as they weren’t allowed to make deals if the amount involved were too significant.

As the chairman of the merchant guilds received the news, without second thoughts, they gathered the funds immediately. The cash flow of the merchant guilds was immensely incredible.

If they wanted to, having each guild member to contribute 1 gold would cause them to gather tens of thousands of gold immediately.

Of course, measures like this could only be done only once. Otherwise, the coherence within the guild members would be diminished. Plus, those members who could contribute gold were mainly core members, the rookies were still struggling they way through to survive in the game, how could they contribute any gold?

Seeing the sales going well, after selling 20 secret manuals, Ouyang Shuo quietly changed the price to 705 gold, and again the next 20 manuals sold instantly.

At this time, those remained was the major forces, individual players have already given up.

For the rest 80 manuals, Ouyang Shuo decided to sell them in packs of 5, with the selling price of 3,550 gold each pack, while a single secret manual selling at 710 gold.

Ouyang Shuo had his own tactics selling the manual packs, he did not place them all at once on the market, but instead, around every 30 minutes he would place in one pack. Plus, the intervals were different and varied. The buyers were then blinded, they would not know how many manuals were left, would this pack be the last deal or no.

All the way until 12 in the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo had only 40 manuals left.

At this time, Ouyang Shuo did not place any manuals on the market anymore. Instead, he turned and left the market back to his manor for lunch.

The great sale of secret manuals seems to have ended here. Those forces that did not seize the chance to purchase the manuals went into deep regret. They had lost as their gold gathering speed was too slow.

After the short break, Ouyang Shuo slowly walked back into the market. This time, he directly packed the manuals into groups of 10, with a pack selling at the price of 7,200 gold, equivalent to a single manual selling price of 720 gold.

Just when the merchants who were still close fully observing the market almost drove themselves into despair, they saw the manuals Ouyang Shuo placed on the market. They were so overjoyed, and that no words could possibly describe their joy, without even informing their higher-ups, they immediately bought the manuals.

As such, the last 40 secret manuals were finished within half an hour.



* * *





Chapter 197




Chapter 197-198

Chapter 197: The Burning Savanna

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

In the end, the 120 secret manuals that Ouyang Shuo held all turned into 85,300 gold. After the reduction of the 10% taxation, he was left with 76,000 gold, while the 120 manuals only cost 6,000 gold in total.

The obtained a profit of tens of times from this deal.

Ouyang Shuo had thought of sending a batch of secret manuals to his little aunt to avoid the taxes. However, he knew that his little aunt would surely negotiate with him, so he gave up on doing so.

According to his plans, he would only find a secret manual of the emperor-level for his little aunt. As for the gold-level secret manuals, even if he had sold it to the Snow-War Rose mercenary group, only the core members would use them.

After all, Ouyang Shuo did not have any feeling toward the core members.

Throughout Ouyang Shuo's whole secret manual selling spree, the most torn person was not the players that did not get any secret manuals but Feng Qingyang.

……

Swordsman City, Lord Manor Office.

"Little sister, are we really not going to sell any? Look at that guy. He sold the last batch of secret manuals at 750 gold per manual. If we don't sell them now, I am afraid that the market will get saturated."

Sitting in front of Feng Qingyang was naturally his sister, Feng Qingyue.

Different from her brother, she was calm, "Brother need not worry much. According to my predictions, the price of a secret manual will eventually rise to 800 gold. As for the market saturation you mentioned, there is no need to worry about it. Didn't you see it, 120 secret manuals were sold within a day, which clearly denotes the demand for secret manuals in China."

"Moreover, even if the market was really saturated, that would only happen because the available funds at the moment had all been used to purchase the 120 manuals. After a period of time, when people ready funds again, the price of secret manuals would rise along with it. You have to know, gold-level secret manuals denote an important boundary. Below gold-level, the manual levels are too low, so players aren't satisfied with it; above gold-level, players can't afford it, and they are low in numbers too. Therefore, for a long period of time, it will not stale."

If only Ouyang Shuo was here to listen to her analysis, he would take her as a confidant. Her vision and insight were simply impressive and unique, beyond the reaches of ordinary players.

"Alright, I trust you." Feng Qingyang chose to compromise. Clearly, he had immense trust in his sister.

……

In his hands, Ouyang Shuo held the largest funds ever since the game was launched. Naturally, he wouldn't allow the funds to get rusty and collect dust in his storage bag.

He first took out 5,000 gold as reserve funds for the Four Seas Bank Xunlong Town Branch. Then, he took the odd lots of 1,770 gold as reserve funds for Four Seas Bank Headquarters.

That's right, gold in the unit of thousands were now odd lots in his eyes.

Other than leaving 10,000 gold as spare funds, he used all of the 60,000 gold left to purchase foods.

His business partner was no doubt the Cui Chamber of Commerce. Their representative was a cousin brother of Cui Yingyu, and his name was Cui Shouren.

Even for the Cui Chamber of Commerce, such a business deal was already not a small matter. Cui Shouren couldn't imagine that a small territory like Shanhai City could have such strong financial resources. They were only business partners for a month, yet the total transaction amounts had already exceeded 70,000 gold, which was truly incredible.

Initially, Cui Chamber of Commerce was only willing to cooperate because of Cui Yingyu. But now, Cui Chamber of Commerce was starting to look squarely at their business partner as equals.

According to Cui Shouren's words, he couldn't say for sure, but the quiet Shanhai City might be the opportunity for Cui Chamber of Commerce to soar high and rise again in the future.

The incident that happened to Cui Yingyu had an impact on them. The family business caravan was robbed. Although the goods lost were nothing much, the bigger issue was that the reputation of Cui Chamber of Commerce had taken a huge blow.

In that incident, Cui Chamber of Commerce had suffered the losses of hundreds of core members, tens of top management personnel, and needless to say, the Cui family young lady went missing.

Her reappearance was a turning point for the Cui Chamber of Commerce.

In order to repay the Cui Chamber of Commerce and also to deepen the sincerity of the cooperation between the two sides, Ouyang Shuo had obscurely revealed his prediction on the food market in the next three months to Cui Shouren.

As for how much the Cui Chamber of Commerce

could profit from this, that would depend on how much confidence they had in Ouyang Shuo and their own courage and resolution. It was simply something that Ouyang Shuo couldn't decide for them.

Sixty million units of food. This quantity took a full three days for the Resource Department to transfer them from the market to the massive granary built on the outskirts of the city west.

Such a decision and move puzzled Ouyang Shuo's people in the territory. No one could understand why their lord had purchase such a massive amount of food. What use did it have?

For this, Ouyang Shuo couldn't explain much. As the funds used to purchase the food wasn't from the territory's revenue, they did not try to obstruct him even though his actions puzzled them.

Well for the player community like Sun Xiaoyue, they had little understandings toward territory management. Hence, they simply had no idea what this large amount of food meant.

As the saying goes, the insider knows the ropes, while the outsider just comes along for the ride.

In the meantime, Ouyang Shuo brought along a thousand Tang swords and a thousand composite bows salvaged from the operation Wildfire to Xunlong Town, while he also personally attended the opening ceremony of Four Seas Bank Xunlong Branch.

With Ouyang Shuo's support and help, Xunlong Dianxue immediately expanded his military to 2,000 soldiers.

The following day, he applied for the promotion request to the system. On August 10, Xunlong Town will face the bandit siege.

During this period of time, Xunlong Dianxue ordered Qin Qiong to lead the troops and exterminate the bandits within the territory. The purpose of this order was to forge the newly established military so that they would not be powerless during the siege.

Of course, Wang Yuanfeng and his triple-bow arcuballista belonged to free support from Ouyang Shuo. It was a support that every Shanhai Alliance member could enjoy. As of now, Shanhai City had already manufactured 5 triple-bow arcuballista, so these arcuballista were the source of confidence for Xunlong Dianxue.

While Xulong Dianxue's territory promotion occupied him, Ouyang Shuo was keeping an eye on the nomadic tribes and also another big event.

According to his past life events, the birth of the tenth grade 1 city would trigger the second battlefield event.

For the battlefield, Ouyang Shuo had been preparing himself. He was now at the final stage of preparation.

Lei Xun had continuously sent intelligence regarding the movements of nomadic tribes to Ouyang Shuo.

A week since operation Wildfire, the genocide of Tian Qi ZhenXi camp had spread throughout the nomadic tribes, blowing a hurricane in the savanna.

Regarding the culprit, the tribes had many different opinions.

Some said it was the raiders. Whether it was the lucky survivors of the Tian Qi warriors or those who were lucky enough to witness the raiders traveling through the savanna, they all said that the culprit dressed in clothes of raiders and were rampant.

Some said it was one of the tribes and claimed that the raiders outfits were merely a simple disguise. The tribes carefully investigated this extremely tragic war that wiped out the nomad warriors, Most of the tribal chiefs agreed that ordinary raiders would not have such well-planned tactical arrangements.

Additionally, a single man said that it was the territory lord. Thi man was naturally the former commander of ZhenXi camp, Lhakhshen. He was now a prisoner under Mengke's orders. At any time, he could be sentenced to death.

The day Lhakhshen returned to Tian Qi tribes main camp, Mengke the Khan took off his role and threw him into the death row prison. Whether he could still walk out of the prison alive would depend on the Khan's frame of mind.

Faced with such a tragic defeat, although his foe had employed the element of surprise, Lhakhshen's reckless act and terrible command were undeniable. Therefore, he confessed to his wrongdoings himself, and he was willing to wash away his sins with his death. That night, no one other than the two knew what happened in the Khan's tent.

People only knew that Lhakhshen was thrown onto the death row, yet Mengke the Khan had yet to give his words about the exact time he would sentence Lhakhshen to death, so the matter just stopped and clung there.

ZhenXi camp's destruction had slowly shown its influence through the savanna. This time, it wasn't anything like operation Dawn that had tepid and little effects.

The most direct impact was the few middle-sized tribes in the west. Their hearts started to boil in excitement. Without ZhenXi camp holding them back, they no longer wanted to allow the Tian Qi tribe to contain them.

The small tribes were terrified. Tian Qi tribe was their biggest backing. Now, it had lost an arm without even knowing the identity of the enemy.

Such a backer, could it still protect them?

If the small tribes were taken as herds of sheep, the middle-sized tribes would be hungry wolves. As for the Tian Qi tribe, it would be

be the lion king of the savanna. The lion king contained the wolves and protected the sheep.

But now, the king was injured, and the wolves were eyeing their prey. Even though the wolves did not dare to defy and attack the lion, they could show the sheep what their sharp teeth and claws could do.

Even within the Tian Qi tribe, the enthusiasm to rage a war soared high.

The Tian Qi tribe had acted as the lion for tens of years, crowned as the king of the great savanna, so they could stand any parties' provocations. The tragic defeat of ZhenXi camp pointed directly to the few middle-sized tribes in the west. They started to think these middle-sized tribes had colluded with the raiders and directed the tragic incident of ZhenXi camp.

The reason was simple. The raiders had left toward the west.

After the incident, Mengke had sent his Khan royal guards to track the enemies.

However, the royal commander Boraktyna reported that the tracks ended at the wilderness in the west. The tracks and the enemies had disappeared into thin air.

Such a large army of raiders, along with tens of thousands of horses, how could they disappear just like that? Needless to say, there must be one or even a few middle-sized tribes covering their whereabouts.

The hatred within the tribe, even Mengke the Khan could not suppress it for long. On the contrary, the medium-sized tribes in the south, east, and north, all lost their words and kept a total silence.

Mengke knew that such a dead silence was merely just the calm before the raging storm.

Therefore, he could only try and suppress the warhawks in the tribe and prevent the war between them and the tribes in the west. Otherwise, if another incident or mishap occurred, things would only drift sideways beyond redemption.

*Ps, OR, alternatively, you can also,Support and vote for us if you like TWO

A discord server for TWO! Join us here-

And please do give RD's novel Rise of Humanity a try!

Chapter 198 - Faction Selection

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

*Note: "King Zhou of Shang" should not be confused with "Zhou dynasty / Zhou"

The savanna was now a pile of dry wood, a slight spark could ignite the whole.

The flame had yet to burn in the savanna, the market outside of Friendship City had quietly flourished.

These few days, there would be anonymous pastoralists bringing in a large quantity of sheep herds, pelts, and even Qingfu horses to the market, intending to use these goods to exchange foods and ironworks from Friendship City.

Foods were fine, but ironworks were controlled items. Friendship City's magistrate Zhou Haichen dared not make his own decisions, immediately sending a letter to the main base, requesting for instructions from the territory lord.

Ouyang Shuo's strategic purpose was to drag and involve the nomadic tribes into a war. That way, he could reduce the threat towards Friendship City and also profit from the war.

These anonymous secret buyers, needless to say, was of course representatives from the tribes, mostly from the middle-sized tribes. One could easily understand the reason for the acquisition of foods and ironworks by the tribes.

Therefore, in his replies, Ouyang Shuo denoted that ironworks could not be traded directly, but he would release the restriction on iron ores and allow them to be freely traded in the market.

Ouyang Shuo wasn't worried at all that selling the iron ores to the nomadic tribes would feed the wolves to his own detriment. The growth of nomadic tribes were far less than the speed of the development of Shanhai City. One couldn't say for sure that after the settlement in the savanna, Shanhai City might already have the strength to crush them all together, so what would these little iron ores matter in comparison?

Last month, while Jiu Duanxian was leading the team to draw the map of the territory, he found another iron mine 20 kilometers out in the west. The Material Reserves Department had already arranged workers and miners to excavate the new mining field.

The new iron mining site was only 10 kilometers away from the riverside of Friendship river.

Hence, the iron ores would be transported using a combination of land and water, first with the wooden-ox horse to the riverside, then shipped back to the dock of Shanhai City.

Shanhai City now have no worries over their stocks of iron ores.

Ouyang Shuo also denoted in the reply that when tradings with the nomadic tribes, foods would be sold at twice the market price, which was 20 coppers per unit; iron ores at 3 times the market price, which was

which was 300 coppers per unit.

Ouyang Shuo wasn't taking advantage of the nomadic tribes.

First off, the prices of foods were now seeing fluctuations. In estimation at the end of August, it would then soar high and keep on rising. If he now traded foods at the market price of 10 coppers per unit, he would then deficit from the tradings.

As for iron ores, iron ores were originally controlled items, in order to sell it, of course he would increase the trading price. Shanhai City wasn't a living Lei Feng1, it wouldn't be a free porter for the nomadic tribes.

Ouyang Shuo had already shown his courtesy and generosity by not charging them any tariffs.

Upon receiving Ouyang Shuo's permission, Zhou Haichen was filled with with great enthusiasm and energy. Friendship City and the Material Reserves Department worked hand in hand to transport iron ores to the dock of Friendship City and sent it for trading at the market.

August 10th, Xunlong Town promotion bandit siege test.

Ouyang Shuo was not there to watch the battle, but he stayed in the his territory to handle government affairs.

At 6 PM, a burst of system announcements rang in his ears.

"System announcement: Congratulations to player Xunlong Dianxue for becoming the 10th lord of a grade 1 City territory; Special reward of 400 merit points!"

"System announcement: Congratulations to player Xunlong Dianxue for becoming..."

"System announcement: Congratulations to player..."

Such system announcements would not spike any interests among the players, but following it was another system announcement, and it caused an uproar.

"System announcement: China has successfully promoted 10 city territories, triggering the campaign system. The second battle - The Battle of Muye, officially commences after 3 days. Friendly tips: The Battle of Muye is a non-mandatory campaign task, only those with a town level territory are eligible."

In comparison to the first battle - The Battle of Zhuolu, players were now more familiar with the battlefield. The first battle had proved to the players that the battlefield was a game of gambling that followed the law of jungle.

For the strong forces like Shanhai City, no doubt they would profit and benefit the most from it. But for the ordinary players, the efforts would not be worth if they were to partake in the battle. Their troops, little in number and low in quality, couldn't direct the course of war, but would end up being the cannon fodder instead.

Some ambitious lords brought a hundred soldiers into the war, ending up losing them all only to receive a pitiful amount of a hundred merit points. Their investment and return were completely out of proportion.

Therefore, whether to partake in the event or not, that relied on the different views of different people, as the saying goes: The benevolent see benevolence and the wise see wisdom.

As of now, the townships in China had exceeded 1000 in number. No one knew how many lords would be willing to participate in the war in the end.

Of course, to the members of the Shanhai Alliance, that wasn't a question at all.

Xunlong Dianxue was receiving the congratulations from his allies in the alliance channel when the system announcement was made. He was shocked and said jokingly: "Dang! This Battle of Muye, is it triggered by me? Things like this, shouldn't the system reward me with some stuff?"

"Puffed up brat!" Siege Lion was irritable.

"Haha, small lion, you are just jealous of me." Xunlong Dianxue rarely acted differently from his usual calm self.

"......" Siege Lion sent a line of periods to denote his silent expression.

"Oh yeah, finally it's time to earn some merit points." Mulan Yue was the happiest, she was troubled with getting more merit points lately.

"Wuyi, which faction do you plan to chose this time?" Bai Hua asked.

In the Battle of Muye, also known as "King Wu's rebellion against the Tyrant Zhou", The King Wu of Zhou led the alliance and raged the final war with the Shang dynasty in Muye. The ruler of Shang dynasty, King Zhou of Shang, Di Xin, conquered the Li tribe to the northwest and Dongyi to the southeast, although victorious in all the battles, his bellicose inclination to engage in wars of aggression at will had exacerbated social and class conflicts, and eventually led to the fall of the Shang dynasty.

These were the words that described the Battle of Muye.

However, Ouyang Shuo held a different opinion after reading and researching. In his eyes, the battle was excessively embellished by the Confucians, the rebellion of Zhou against Shang, and the death of King Zhou of Shang were perfect model examples of the crime of rebellion against the ruler and regicide. There were simply no justice and righteousness at all.

The Battle of Muye was bloody, bitter, and tragic, it wasn't anything like it was recorded in the historical book. It was a war, a rebellion by the people of Zhou relying on their lofty morality and won the war with "no blood on the men's swords", and after theand after the battle, the Zhou armies slaughtered, burned and plundered the land of Zhaoge. There wasn't the slightest image of gloriousness.

The only reason they were beautified in the historical book was because of the cultural dominance and ideology of Confucianism. The originator of Confucianism, Confucius, praised the Confucian Six Arts highly. This included the two systems and ideologies practiced by Zhou dynasty, namely: etiquette and music. Therefore, in the world dominated by Confucianism, the Confucian would beautify and embellish the Zhou dynasty into the embodiment of justice, righteous and benevolence.

Hence, they would of course not allow any truthful recordings on the battle that "justified the doctrine of the Mandate of Heaven", the Battle of Muye, a war that flooded the land with blood and the drowned the people in their tears.

It was the same as to why they obliterated King Zhou's historical contribution and then demonized his actions.

No matter what the truth was, Ouyang Shuo, out of consideration for his own interests and benefits, declared his selection of faction: "I will choose to side with the Shang dynasty."

"Eh?" Mulan Yue was surprised.

Bai Hua immediately asked: "Wuyi, are you trying to change history?"

"That's right!" Ouyang Shuo directly answered.

In the first battle - the Battle of Zhuolu, Chun Shenjun and Zhan Lang had used their own blood and flesh to teach the lord players a lesson, the difficulty to change a historical battlefield's ending.

Yet, at times like these, Ouyang Shuo caught everyone off guard with his decision, puzzling everyone before him.

"Wuyi, are you sure?"

Ouyang Shuo of course did not dare to boast too much. "Regarding the actual battlefield conditions, no one knows how Gaia will deduce them. Hence, if you are talking about me ascertaining the battlefield's victory, I can't guarantee it. Although I have done my homework, it is still an uncertainty as for whether it works or not."

What Ouyang Shuo said was the truth.

In his past life, he had never partaken in the Battle of Muye. He only knew a little about the battle.

"Homework?" Bai Hua was acutely aware of his words. She asked in curiosity, "Wuyi, you mean, you knew of this battle before hand?"

Ouyang Shuo laughed and shook his head. "Of course not, I am neither God nor an immortal. Through the Battle of Zhuolu, one can easily tell the battles chosen by Gaia must be the most significant or important battles from an era or dynasty. Think about it, after the three sovereigns and five emperors, it then comes down to the Shang dynasty. During that period of time, which battle can be more significant and important than the Battle of Muye? Therefore, I took a daring guess that the next campaign chosen by Gaia would be this. I wasn't sure before, which was why I kept it to myself up until now."

His words were half true and half false. He pointed out the sequence and pattern on how Gaia would choose the campaigns, and at the same time concealed the fact that he only knew because he had reincarnated.

Bai Hua was then lifted from her doubts. She smiled and said: "Wuyi, I have faith in your decision and shall choose the Shang dynasty."

"I will listen to brother Wuyi." Mulan Yue the inwardly evil girl of course wouldn't let go of her biggest backing, if it wasn't Ouyang Shuo, she would had never taken such a big prize back from the Battle of Zhuolu.

Ouyang Shuo laughed and shook his head again, "My words are the same, there are no obligations for allies to stand together in the same faction. I have only one request, keep my decision a secret among us. I do not wish that Chun Shenjun and the others all choose the opposition because of my existence."

His words made everyone laugh. The reason was simple, if they chose the same faction as Ouyang Shuo, there was no doubt that position of player representative would be given to Ouyang Shuo. This of course would not be something they would like to see.

"I personally think that it's wiser to follow your footsteps." Feng Qiuhuang said next.

"Follow the big brother, and there will be meat to feast on." Siege Lion's words made a simple conclusion.

Only Xunlong Dianxue was left in the end. This fellow acted smart and chose a different faction the last time, wasting the ability of a great general like Qin Qiong, and his outcome was far worse than Bai Hua's.

Having bitterly paid the price, he finally learned his lesson and said, "I will follow the big brother."

1Lei Feng 雷锋 : a selfless and modest model citizen in China, subject of a nationwide posthumous propaganda campaign.

*Ps, OR, alternatively, you can also,Support and vote for us if you like TWO

A discord server for TWO! Join us here-

And please do give RD's novel Rise of Humanity a try!



* * *





Chapter 198




Chapter 198: TWO Chapter 198 - Faction Selection

Chapter 198 - Faction Selection

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

*Note: “King Zhou of Shang” should not be confused with “Zhou dynasty / Zhou”

The savanna was now a pile of dry wood, a slight spark could ignite the whole.

The flame had yet to burn in the savanna, the market outside of Friendship City had quietly flourished.

These few days, there would be anonymous pastoralists bringing in a large quantity of sheep herds, pelts, and even Qingfu horses to the market, intending to use these goods to exchange foods and ironworks from Friendship City.

Foods were fine, but ironworks were controlled items. Friendship City’s magistrate Zhou Haichen dared not make his own decisions, immediately sending a letter to the main base, requesting for instructions from the territory lord.

Ouyang Shuo’s strategic purpose was to drag and involve the nomadic tribes into a war. That way, he could reduce the threat towards Friendship City and also profit from the war.

These anonymous secret buyers, needless to say, was of course representatives from the tribes, mostly from the middle-sized tribes. One could easily understand the reason for the acquisition of foods and ironworks by the tribes.

Therefore, in his replies, Ouyang Shuo denoted that ironworks could not be traded directly, but he would release the restriction on iron ores and allow them to be freely traded in the market.

Ouyang Shuo wasn’t worried at all that selling the iron ores to the nomadic tribes would feed the wolves to his own detriment. The growth of nomadic tribes were far less than the speed of the development of Shanhai City. One couldn’t say for sure that after the settlement in the savanna, Shanhai City might already have the strength to crush them all together, so what would these little iron ores matter in comparison?

Last month, while Jiu Duanxian was leading the team to draw the map of the territory, he found another iron mine 20 kilometers out in the west. The Material Reserves Department had already arranged workers and miners to excavate the new mining field.

The new iron mining site was only 10 kilometers away from the riverside of Friendship river.

Hence, the iron ores would be transported using a combination of land and water, first with the wooden-ox horse to the riverside, then shipped back to the dock of Shanhai City.

Shanhai City now have no worries over their stocks of iron ores.

Ouyang Shuo also denoted in the reply that when tradings with the nomadic tribes, foods would be sold at twice the market price, which was 20 coppers per unit; iron ores at 3 times the market price, which was 300 coppers per unit.

Ouyang Shuo wasn’t taking advantage of the nomadic tribes.

First off, the prices of foods were now seeing fluctuations. In estimation at the end of August, it would then soar high and keep on rising. If he now traded foods at the market price of 10 coppers per unit, he would then deficit from the tradings.

As for iron ores, iron ores were originally controlled items, in order to sell it, of course he would increase the trading price. Shanhai City wasn’t a living Lei Feng1, it wouldn’t be a free porter for the nomadic tribes.

Ouyang Shuo had already shown his courtesy and generosity by not charging them any tariffs.

Upon receiving Ouyang Shuo’s permission, Zhou Haichen was filled with with great enthusiasm and energy. Friendship City and the Material Reserves Department worked hand in hand to transport iron ores to the dock of Friendship City and sent it for trading at the market.

August 10th, Xunlong Town promotion ba

ndit siege test.

Ouyang Shuo was not there to watch the battle, but he stayed in the his territory to handle government affairs.

At 6 PM, a burst of system announcements rang in his ears.

“System announcement: Congratulations to player Xunlong Dianxue for becoming the 10th lord of a grade 1 City territory; Special reward of 400 merit points!”

“System announcement: Congratulations to player Xunlong Dianxue for becoming...”

“System announcement: Congratulations to player...”

Such system announcements would not spike any interests among the players, but following it was another system announcement, and it caused an uproar.

“System announcement: China has successfully promoted 10 city territories, triggering the campaign system. The second battle - The Battle of Muye, officially commences after 3 days. Friendly tips: The Battle of Muye is a non-mandatory campaign task, only those with a town level territory are eligible.”

In comparison to the first battle - The Battle of Zhuolu, players were now more familiar with the battlefield. The first battle had proved to the players that the battlefield was a game of gambling that followed the law of jungle.

For the strong forces like Shanhai City, no doubt they would profit and benefit the most from it. But for the ordinary players, the efforts would not be worth if they were to partake in the battle. Their troops, little in number and low in quality, couldn’t direct the course of war, but would end up being the cannon fodder instead.

Some ambitious lords brought a hundred soldiers into the war, ending up losing them all only to receive a pitiful amount of a hundred merit points. Their investment and return were completely out of proportion.

Therefore, whether to partake in the event or not, that relied on the different views of different people, as the saying goes: The benevolent see benevolence and the wise see wisdom.

As of now, the townships in China had exceeded 1000 in number. No one knew how many lords would be willing to participate in the war in the end.

Of course, to the members of the Shanhai Alliance, that wasn’t a question at all.

Xunlong Dianxue was receiving the congratulations from his allies in the alliance channel when the system announcement was made. He was shocked and said jokingly: “Dang! This Battle of Muye, is it triggered by me? Things like this, shouldn’t the system reward me with some stuff?”

“Puffed up brat!” Siege Lion was irritable.

“Haha, small lion, you are just jealous of me.” Xunlong Dianxue rarely acted differently from his usual calm self.

“......” Siege Lion sent a line of periods to denote his silent expression.

“Oh yeah, finally it’s time to earn some merit points.” Mulan Yue was the happiest, she was troubled with getting more merit points lately.

“Wuyi, which faction do you plan to chose this time?” Bai Hua asked.

In the Battle of Muye, also known as “King Wu's rebellion against the Tyrant Zhou”, The King Wu of Zhou led the alliance and raged the final war with the Shang dynasty in Muye. The ruler of Shang dynasty, King Zhou of Shang, Di Xin, conquered the Li tribe to the northwest and Dongyi to the southeast, although victorious in all the battles, his bellicose inclination to engage in wars of aggression at will had exacerbated social and class conflicts, and eventually led to the fall of the Shang dynasty.

These were the words that described the Battle of Muye.

However, Ouyang Shuo held a different opinion after reading and researching. In his eyes, the battle was excessively embellished by the Confucians, the rebellion of Zhou against Shang, and the death of King Zhou of Shang were perfect model examples of the crime of rebellion against the ruler and regicide. There were simply no justice and righteousness at all.

The Battle of Muye was bloody, bitter, and tragic, it wasn’t anything like it was recorded in the historical book. It was a war, a rebellion by the people of Zhou relying on their lofty morality and won the war with “no blood on the men’s swords”, and after the battle, the Zhou armies slaughtered, burned and plundered the land of Zhaoge. There wasn’t the slightest image of gloriousness.

The only reason they were beautified in the historical book was because of the cultural dominance and ideology of Confucianism. The originator of Confucianism, Confucius, praised the Confucian Six Arts highly. This included the two systems and ideologies practiced by Zhou dynasty, namely: etiquette and music. Therefore, in the world dominated by Confucianism, the Confucian would beautify and embellish the Zhou dynasty into the embodiment of justice, righteous and benevolence.

Hence, they would of course not allow any truthful recordings on the battle that “justified the doctrine of the Mandate of Heaven”, the Battle of Muye, a war that flooded the land with blood and the drowned the people in their tears.

It was the same as to why they obliterated King Zhou’s historical contribution and then demonized his actions.

No matter what the truth was, Ouyang Shuo, out of consideration for his own interests and benefits, declared his selection of faction: “I will choose to side with the Shang dynasty.”

“Eh?” Mulan Yue was surprised.

Bai Hua immediately asked: “Wuyi, are you trying to change history?”

“That’s right!” Ouyang Shuo directly answered.

In the first battle - the Battle of Zhuolu, Chun Shenjun and Zhan Lang had used their own blood and flesh to teach the lord players a lesson, the difficulty to change a historical battlefield’s ending.

Yet, at times like these, Ouyang Shuo caught everyone off guard with his decision, puzzling everyone before him.

“Wuyi, are you sure?”

Ouyang Shuo of course did not dare to boast too much. “Regarding the actual battlefield conditions, no one knows how Gaia will deduce them. Hence, if you are talking about me ascertaining the battlefield’s victory, I can’t guarantee it. Although I have done my homework, it is still an uncertainty as for whether it works or not.”

What Ouyang Shuo said was the truth.

In his past life, he had never partaken in the Battle of Muye. He only knew a little about the battle.

“Homework?” Bai Hua was acutely aware of his words. She asked in curiosity, “Wuyi, you mean, you knew of this battle before hand?”

Ouyang Shuo laughed and shook his head. “Of course not, I am neither God nor an immortal. Through the Battle of Zhuolu, one can easily tell the battles chosen by Gaia must be the most significant or important battles from an era or dynasty. Think about it, after the three sovereigns and five emperors, it then comes down to the Shang dynasty. During that period of time, which battle can be more significant and important than the Battle of Muye? Therefore, I took a daring guess that the next campaign chosen by Gaia would be this. I wasn’t sure before, which was why I kept it to myself up until now.”

His words were half true and half false. He pointed out the sequence and pattern on how Gaia would choose the campaigns, and at the same time concealed the fact that he only knew because he had reincarnated.

Bai Hua was then lifted from her doubts. She smiled and said: “Wuyi, I have faith in your decision and shall choose the Shang dynasty.”

“I will listen to brother Wuyi.” Mulan Yue the inwardly evil girl of course wouldn’t let go of her biggest backing, if it wasn’t Ouyang Shuo, she would had never taken such a big prize back from the Battle of Zhuolu.

Ouyang Shuo laughed and shook his head again, “My words are the same, there are no obligations for allies to stand together in the same faction. I have only one request, keep my decision a secret among us. I do not wish that Chun Shenjun and the others all choose the opposition because of my existence.”

His words made everyone laugh. The reason was simple, if they chose the same faction as Ouyang Shuo, there was no doubt that position of player representative would be given to Ouyang Shuo. This of course would not be something they would like to see.

“I personally think that it’s wiser to follow your footsteps.” Feng Qiuhuang said next.

“Follow the big brother, and there will be meat to feast on.” Siege Lion’s words made a simple conclusion.

Only Xunlong Dianxue was left in the end. This fellow acted smart and chose a different faction the last time, wasting the ability of a great general like Qin Qiong, and his outcome was far worse than Bai Hua’s.

Having bitterly paid the price, he finally learned his lesson and said, “I will follow the big brother.”

1Lei Feng 雷锋 : a selfless and modest model citizen in China, subject of a nationwide posthumous propaganda campaign.



* * *





Chapter 199




Chapter 199: TWO Chapter 199 - Battle of Muye (1)

Chapter 199 - Battle of Muye (1)

Translator: Team TWO

Editor: Nora

The system announcement was made right on time on the 14th of August at 9 AM in the morning.

“System announcement: In the year 1044 BC, the Shang army main force is still far away in the east, causing the lack of army garrisoned in Zhao Ge. King Wu of Zhou used up whatever resources his earlry had to raise an army. Then, he led his army crossing the Yellow River at Meng Jin early and joined his allies. Together, they declared war against the ruthless Emperor of Shang, Di Xin. They charged straight into Muye, and the battle ended with the defeat of Di Xin and his death. The second epic campaign scenario―Battle of Muye, officially begins!”

Ouyang Shuo’s current title was first class earl, which granted him the authorization to bring 3,000 men with him.

The expedition troops are as follows:

The Vanguard Unit’s first and second squadron. Mixed Regiment first, second, and third unit. Elite guards of the Lord.Qiushui Town’s fourth cavalry squadron.

Other than the two heavy infantry unit of the Mixed Regiment, the other 2000 were all cavalries riding Qingfu warhorses.

The Vanguard Unit first unit and the elite guards were the real heavy cavalries, all equipped with Mingguang armor, Tang swords, pikes and composite bows. With this equipment and their stats, they were currently the best heavy cavalry regiment in the world. As for the heavy infantry unit, with the full efforts of the Armory Division, all of them were now equipped with Buren armors, Tang swords, and shields.

After he checked and confirmed the conditions of participating in the campaign and the number of his troops, Ouyang Shuo began to decide the faction he wanted to join in the war.

“System notification: Battle of Muye has two factions: Zhou Faction or Shang Faction, please choose your faction! Special reminder: If you choose the faction that supposedly lost in the battle and lead them to victory, you will be granted extraordinary rewards, so please choose wisely!”

“Shang Faction!”

“System notification: Faction selected!”

“System notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for starting the teleportation, 3000 men to be teleported. 3000 gold is automatically deducted from the inventory.”

“System notification: Teleportation commencing!”

After a brief moment of extreme head spinning, Ouyang Shuo and his army appeared in the Shang main camp.

“System notification: Welcome player Qiyue Wuyi to the main camp―Zhao Ge, the capital of Shang dynasty.”

As compared to the crude and simple of Huang Di City in the Battle of Zhuolu, Zhao Ge appeared to be a very prosperous city. The treatment the players received was completely different from the Battle of Zhuolu.

After registering in the city, players and their armies were moved to a big camp allocated outside of the city. The camp is specially set up for players and food is supplied to the players. As such, they did not need to prepare any food at all.

“Woodsy!”

Ouyang Shuo turned upon hearing the shout. To his pleasant surprise, he saw a pretty girl dressed in adventurer attire. She looked valiant and cheerful. The girl was waving at Ouyang Shuo with a look of excitement when she shouted out to him.

In the game, there was only one girl who could call Ouyang Shuo by the nickname of ‘Woodsy’ and this one and only girl was Song Jia.

This was the first time that Ouyang Shuo had seen Song Jia in the game. He neve

r imagined that Song Jia’s eyesight was so amazing, being able to recognize him in this extreme crowd.

Compared to reality, the adventurer attired Song Jia had another unique aura and appearance.

Ouyang Shuo forced himself to hold back his excitement and handed his horse to Wang Feng. Then, he walked up to Song Jia quickly and held her hand.

“This is so nice, to be able to see you in the game. I’ve waited way too long for this day!” said Ouyang Shuo with rich emotion.

One day before the opening of the campaign scenario, Ouyang Shuo had already written a letter to Song Jia. He had told her the faction he would choose, and he hoped that she could follow Tianxiang Town’s army to participate in the Battle of Muye.

Song Jia’s pretty face quickly blushed. She immediately shook off Ouyang Shuo’s hand, and said shyly, “Idiot, there are still people around us.”

Song Jia’s words made Ouyang Shuo speechless. In reality, Song Jia wouldn’t even feel shy while holding hands with him. Could it be that once a woman entered the game, the ancient atmosphere where ladies are supposed to be very ladylike would affect them? Just look at Bai Hua, Feng Qiuhuang, and the others, who tried to behave as ladylike as possible.

Fortunately, Song Wen came up and greeted Ouyang Shuo at this time. Then, he said with a smile, “I guess you are Mr. Ouyang Shuo? I am Song Jia’s eldest brother, Song Wen. Nice to meet you.”

Then, he pointed to another young man dressed in general attire and said, “This is my younger brother, Song Wu.”

Ouyang Shuo quickly returned Song Wen’s greeting and nodded to Song Wu as a sign of acknowledgment.

After the introductions, Ouyang Shuo took the chance to learn some information about Tianxiang Town’s army. Song Wen’s current title was still just a second class Visearl. He brought 200 men, all normal sword and shield infantry that Song Wu led.

Song Wu was still young after all and a warrior. When he saw Ouyang Shuo’s Mingguang Armor, he could not help but drool. What kind of a warrior could resist the temptation of a high quality armor? When he saw his younger brother’s appearance, Song Wu felt very embarrassed.

However, Ouyang Shuo did not care much about it. Instead, he turned back to Wang Feng and made a gesture to him. Wang Feng immediately understood his master’s desire and brought a few men with him away for a moment. Then, he returned with three elite class Qingfu warhorse.

Long before departing, Ouyang Shuo had already considered what he should give the Song brothers as presents. After all, they were going to become his future brother-in-laws, so he had to show respect to them.

Meanwhile, during operation ‘Wildfire’ he had seized 5,000 Qingfu warhorses. Among these horses, there were 20 elite class warhorses. After distributing one elite warhorse to each of the officers in Shanhai City army, there were still 10 left. Without any idea about what present to prepare, Ouyang Shuo decided to give them one elite Qingfu warhorse each. Of course, the other elite warhorse was for Song Jia.

Other than that, Ouyang Shuo had also prepared one set of sergeant class Mingguang Armor.

When Ouyang Shuo handed these presents to him, Song Wen was shocked. Then, he said, “This is?”

Qingfus warhorses and Mingguang Armor of Shanhai City had already become known to the public ever since the Battle of Zhuolu. The high quality and cost of these warhorses and armors were no secret. Therefore, Song Wen thought that these presents were way too expensive.



“This is my gratitude, please accept it!” said Ouyang Shuo.

Song Wu could no longer hold himself back, so he quickly walked forward and took over the Mingguang armor. Then, he stored it in his inventory space. After that, he took over the reins of the Qingfu warhorse from the elite guard’s hand. Just when he was about to ride it, Song Wen scolded him, “Brother, please have some respect!”

In response, Song Wen turned to Ouyang Shuo and said, “Thank you for your present. I am sorry for my brother’s rudeness; please forgive him.”

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand and said, “No worries, Brother Song. As a general myself, I know how attractive a Qingfu warhorse and a set of Mingguang Armor can be to a general. This is just a natural reaction. It is not a big deal at all.”

Song Wen nodded, and his understanding of Ouyang Shuo deepened. From the brief conversation just now, he realized that Ouyang Shuo appeared to be a man with mature thinking. He was calm and a man with an ego, but he was not arrogant at all. These were the traits of an amazing person, no wonder he could achieve so much in the game. His sister’s choice was indeed amazing.

Similarly, Ouyang Shuo also gained a first impression of Song Wen. He was exactly like Song Jia had described. This fellow was a polite man with no traces of the slyness and cunning of a businessman at all.

“Alright, that’s enough. You two, stop pretending to be so polite to each other,” Song Jia interrupted their conversation.

Ouyang Shuo and Song Wen could only smile bitterly at each other.

Then, Ouyang Shuo started to look for the Shanhai Alliance members to join with them.

Luckily, they were all teleported to the same place at about the same time, so it did not take long for them to meet up.

Among the members of the Shanhai Alliance, Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang were both second class earls, so they led 1,000 men each. Xunlong Dianxue was a third class earl, so he led 500 men. Mulan Hua and Siege Lion were first class visearls, so they led an army of 300 each. The Shanhai City army, with the addition of the Tianshan Town army, was an army of 6,300. It was three times the size of their army during the Battle of Zhuolu.

Then, Ouyang Shuo introduced the three Song to the members of Shanhai Alliance.

Because it was their first time seeing each other, the atmosphere was a little bit awkward.

Ouyang Shuo could do nothing about it, so he suggested that they should head out right now to the camp outside of the city first. As for finding out about those famous lord type players in the Shang Faction, they could slowly take their time.

This was because no matter what, every player would eventually have to gather up in the camp.

Just as they walked out of the city gate, the campaign announcement rang out.

“Campaign announcement: 805 players and a total of 102,000 soldiers are participating in the Battle of Muye. There is a total of 480 players in the Zhou Faction, and a total of 60,000 soldiers. There is a total of 325 players and an army of 42,000 soldiers in the Shang Faction.”

As expected, not only did nearly 200 players give up on this campaign, more players of chose the Zhou Faction rather than the Shang Faction. First, after learning their lesson in the Battle of Zhuolu, they realized that they should not simply pick the supposedly defeated factions in history. Second, in the Zhou Faction, there was a famous legendary figure—Lu Shang. The players that chose Zhou Faction had the ambition of recruiting him into their army.

Lu Shang, also known as Jiang Shang, courtesy named Ziya.

Jiang Ziya was the founder of the Qi Empire, King Wen of Zhou’s businessman, and King Wu of Zhou’s head strategist, the top military commander, and the founder of Qi Culture. He was a legendary figure that had greatly influenced ancient China’s military and politics. His place was accepted widely in history books. Confucianism and various cultures acknowledged him as the master of all cultures.

Speaking of him, Ouyang Shuo had some relation with this figure as well. Jiang Shang wrote the Six Tao that Ouyang Shuo had obtained before this campaign. Jiang Shang was also known as the ancestor of all military strategy.

However, hoping to recruit such a person would be utterly fond dreaming.

According to the observations and experiments of the players from Ouyang Shuo’s past life, the most crucial point to recruit historical figures, especially those powerful ones, was to strike at their weaknesses or needs.

For example, the weakness of Huang Zhong, a famous general with superb archery skills in the Three Kingdoms of ancient China, was his very own son. Due to his son’s sickness, if someone was able to fully cure his sickness, recruiting Huang Zhong would be dead easy.

However, as for Jiang Shang, his position in the Zhou dynasty was incredibly high. Just finding his needs would’ve been impossible, not to mention satisfy them. Hence, it was difficult to recruit him.

Therefore, Ouyang Shuo held no hopes of recruiting him at all and immediately gave on joining the Zhou dynasty.

“Campaign announcement: Due to the fact that the Shang dynasty has a smaller army than the Zhou dynasty, the Shang dynasty armies will automatically receive a 25% defense up for everyone according to the rules.”

Because of the realistic settings of the game where there was no health bar, no matter how strong or how skilled you were, you would still die if your throat or any vital parts of the body were curt. Therefore, the defense up actually increased the thickness and the resistance of their armors.

“Campaign announcement: Based on the titles and honor value assessment, Chun Shenjun (second-class earl) is elected as the Zhou dynasty player representative, and Ouyang Shuo (first-class earl) is elected as the Shang dynasty representative.

In the Battle of Muye, representatives for the players were still Ouyang Shuo and Chun Shenjun. However, the duo had picked their factions slightly differently this time.



* * *





Chapter 200




Chapter 200: TWO Chapter 200 - The Battle of Muye (2)

Chapter 200 - The Battle of Muye (2)

Translator: Team TWO

Editor: Nora

When Ouyang Shuo led his troops to the western suburbs military camp, there were already a few lord players coming in.

In order to maintain order in the military camp, Shang imperial court had sent a hundred royal guards, which were later known as palace guards, to take charge of the camp.

The royal guards looked strong and mighty, they were equipped with the best bronze armors and shields of the era.

As the player representative, Ouyang Shuo was luckily given the largest settlement within the camp, which was located in the middle of the military camp and besides the tents of the royal guards.

After settling down, Ouyang Shuo arranged for Siege Lion and Xunlong Dianxue to gather information, mainly to determine which famous lords were in the faction.

As for the lords that came to visit Ouyang Shuo, Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang took them all away to the other side of the tent to discuss their cooperations.

Unlike the Battle of Zhuolu, Ouyang Shuo hoped that he could gather together as many players as he could to his side this time. Because he had chosen the supposedly defeated faction, he would need to rely on the power of the whole faction if he wanted to change history.

In the camp, Ouyang Shuo could enjoy a tent of his own. Wang Feng had already led the lord’s guards and taken charge of the tent’s safety.

When they saw that Ouyang Shuo had his own guards, Siege Lion and Xunlong Dianxue became envious. They said that they would also form a team of lord’s guards and show off their prestige as lords.

Ouyang Shuo ignored their teasings and invited Song Jia over to his tent. Ever since they met, this was the first time they had their time alone together. Ouyang Shuo naturally did not invite her over to murmur endearments. After some small talk, Ouyang Shuo took out the secret manual Nine Yin Scripture1.

It was an emperor-level secret manual, and it cost Ouyang Shuo 1,500 gold to purchase it. And now, even if he sold it for 30,000 gold, the crowd would still go crazy buying it. Of course, that was if they could hold such a large fund.

For such a valuable secret manual, Ouyang Shuo did not mail it to Song Jia. Instead, he wished to hand it over to her in person as a surprise, and now was just the right time to do so.

“Take a look. What is this?” Ouyang Shuo handed the manual over to Song Jia.

She wasn’t too concerned about it until she saw the title on the manual cover. She was so shocked that her jaws almost dropped; she exclaimed, “Nine Yin Scripture!?”

“Shhh!” Ouyang Shuo made a gesture, as he asked Song Jia to lower her volume.

“Woodsy, You..you…you, are you trying to frighten me to death?” She lowered her volume and said, “Such a rare secret manual and you are still able to get your hands on it. I am really impressed.”

“So how is it; do you like it?” Ouyang Shuo smiled.

Song Jia nodded. Then, she shook her head and said, “Woodsy, of course I like it. But, I can’t have it. It is too valuable, so save it for yourself. You are a great lord. How can you not practice a great secret manual?” as she finished her sentence, she returned the manual to Ouyang Shuo reluctantly.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head while laughing, This girl. It is crystal clear that she likes it a lot, but she is still thinking of me, “It’s alright, I am already practicing an emperor-level internal strength technique, so I do not need this Nine Yin Scripture anymore.”

“Woodsy, are you sure you are not lying to me? They are emperor-lev

el secret manuals. Why do they sound like vegetables in a market, so commonly available? I don’t believe you.”

Ouyang Shuo was speechless, and he simply showed her his character stats panel. Scouting skills could not reconnaissance a player’s character stats panel. This was the only way to discover a player’s stats.

After she finished reading his stats, Song Jia exclaimed, “Woodsy, I can be sure of it now. You are a monster. My god, you alone practice two emperor-level secret manuals and a king-level manual. Really, truly incredible.”

“You believe me now? Quickly learn the Nine Yin Scripture. I will be right beside you.”

“Okay.” She happily took back the manual and proceeded to learn it.

Ouyang Shuo watched, as she sat down cross-legged. He practiced beside her.

After two hours, Song Jia opened her eyes. Joy filled her face. She gazed at Ouyang Shuo, who sat beside her, and a touch of deep affection flashed through her eyes. Woodsy, You're so good to me. I don’t even know how to repay you.

It was about time Ouyang Shuo finished practicing, and he saw Song Jia staring at him. He smiled and said banteringly, “What, have you never met a handsome guy before? Staring at me like this will make me feel embarrassed.”

“Cheh, woodsy, your face is still as thick as before,” Song Jia coquettishly smiled.

To be honest, the Ouyang Shuo in-game gave her a different feeling and felt similar to a stranger. He was a calm and steady man and a lord of great fame, so it was hard for her to relate him to Ouyang Shuo—that little brat in reality. And his words just dawned on Song Jia, Ouyang Shuo was still Ouyang Shuo. He had never changed and was still the same old little brat.

“Woodsy, I noticed that your Shanhai Alliance consists of quite a few beautiful ladies. Be honest, do you have any other girls other than me?” After the feeling of familiarity returned, she started to get jealousy.

Her words were true. Within the Shanhai Alliance, Feng Qiuhuang, Bai Hua, and Mulan Yue were all beautiful ladies and the lords of territories. Song Jia was feeling uneasy around them. Song Jia was only the young lady of Song Corporate, which was meaningless in this game. Moreover, Feng Qiuhuang was also the young lady of the Feng Family.

Their appearance made Song Jia feel threatened.

“And also, the secret manual you were practicing is the Yellow Emperor Internal Strength Manual. Are you thinking of having a chamber of three thousand imperial concubines?” Her jealousy grew heavier.

Ouyang Shuo laughed and shook his head. Then, he patted her head, “What are you talking about? That is just an internal strength secret manual. What is this about three thousand imperial concubines? Do you still have any pride as a girl?”

“Then, tell me. What’s with the girls? From the way I see it, they are quite close to you, smiling and chatting happily, while I can’t even find a chance to enter the conversation. Woodsy, tell me honestly, do you think that I am useless? I can’t even help you at all in the game. Instead, I am a burden that keeps distracting you,” Song Jia felt a little melancholy.

Her words stunned Ouyang Shuo; he stood up and hugged Song Jia from behind. He curled his hands around her waist and placed his face beside her little soft white cheek. He felt the uneasy heart that pumped in her body. Song Jia was shaken and felt shy. This was the first time they ever had such intimate actions since they met.

“Silly girl, I, Ouyang Shuo, am not a playboy. To have a woman like you in my life is all that I ask for. Bai Hua and the others, we are only friends and confidants. There are no affections between us. And stop saying that you are useless. We are a couple, so there is no need to haggle about matters like this. For the things that you have given me are far beyond all material givings,” Ouyang Shuo said in deep affection.

Her body trembled; her face blushed red, and even her ears were hot. This was the first time that Ouyang Shuo had spoken words of love to her, so how could she not be moved?

She turned over in his arms and looked squarely into Ouyang Shuo’s eyes. Then, she seriously said, “Woodsy, remember your words today. Please do not ever turn your back on me.”

“I, Ouyang Shuo, will not turn my back on you for the rest of my life!”

Song Jia couldn’t hold it back anymore. She had thrown away her pride as a girl and kissed Ouyang Shuo.

This kiss set a lifelong promise in place.

While the two lovers were whispering sweet nothings to one another, Siege Lion walked in all of a sudden and witnessed this scene before his eyes. He grinned and teased, “Brother, my big brother, your little brother here was busy gathering information outside, yet you stayed in here and had so much fun, wuwu *fake cries*.”

Luckily, Song Jia wasn’t a small-minded woman. She had the aura of a heroine. Even when faced with Siege Lion’s teasings, she was only just a little shy.

Ouyang Shuo ignored his teasing too and directly asked, “How was it?”

Siege Lion immediately became serious again and shook his head, “Brother, it is not so good. Guess what? Handan Alliance, Chunqiu Alliance, and Blood-metal Alliance have all surprisingly chosen the Zhou dynasty.”

Ouyang Shuo was stunned, “How could that be; was there anyone behind it?”

“That is not all.” At this moment, Xunlong Dianxue walked in. He greeted them and said, “Just now, I saw Handan Alliance’s Wufu.”

“Wufu? How is he not with the Handan Alliance now?” Ouyang Shuo was puzzled.

“Who knows.”

Siege Lion’s thoughts were much darker than the two, “Could it be that Di Chen sent him over to act as a spy?”

“Spy? On the battlefield, no messages are allowed. Even the alliance channel is restricted, so how can he send any messages?” Ouyang Shuo was still puzzled.

“Heihei, brother, as a spy, he does not necessarily need to send messages. He could just simply destroy the alliances within the faction and avoid participating during the final battle. As long as he wants to, there will be many more ways to do it,” Siege Lion was indeed a man of conspiracy.

Ouyang Shuo nodded, and a frown crawled all over his face, “It can’t be. If that is the case, with Wufu here, he will not benefit at all. Why would he make such a big sacrifice?”

“Brother you have spoken the main point. From my point of view, Wufu must be unwilling to do so. Probably, his own allies crowded him out. If we would like to know what is going here with Di Chen and Chun Shenjun and the trickeries they have, Wufu will be a great breakthrough point. Brother, you might want to try and contact him,” Xunlong Dianxue’s conjecture was fair and reasonable.

A mist of doubt clouded Ouyang Shuo. He would not be at ease without knowing what was actually happening, “Alright, I will find an opportunity and contact Wufu. It seems like this board of chess will not be an easy game after all.”

“Hei, Di Chen and the likes are merely scums. Brother need not be too concerned,” Siege Lion was disdainful of Di Chen as usual. The hatred between the two was quite baffling.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and said, “You are wrong. Do not take them lightly. Didn’t you realize that ever since his failure in territory city promotion, Di Chen has reduced his exposure to the public? What does this mean? It means that he has realized his wrongdoings, and he is now hiding his hands in the shadow. To make an enemy with people like this is the scariest. Furthermore, after the galactic migration, a few more cunning old foxes stand behind him.”

Xunlong Dianxue nodded in agreement with Ouyang Shuo’s deduction.

Nine Yin Scripture1 (九阴真经): A Chinese fictional martial arts from a novel in Condor Trilogy by Jin Yong.



* * *





Chapter 201




Chapter 201

Chapter 201: The Battle of Muye (3)



Translator: Team TWO

Editor: Nora



That afternoon, Ouyang Shuo invited Wufu over.

The two did not meet secretly in the shadows. Rather, they directly held the meeting in Ouyang Shuo’s tent. Simply because there was nothing to hide and they couldn’t hide the meeting either.

“Can you tell me what conspiracies Di Chen and Chun Shenjun have?”

Ouyang Shuo’s boldness shocked Wufu. Without thinking, he answered, “Why should I tell you?”

“Your words, so there is indeed a conspiracy going on!?” Ouyang Shuo said.

“You!” Wufu realized that he had fallen into Ouyang Shuo’s wording traps. He calmed himself down and adjusted his strategy, “That’s right. They have a plan, but I will not tell you.”

“You will,” Ouyang Shuo said with great confidence.

“Arrogant!” Wufu became irritated.

Ouyang Shuo smiled and said, “Brother Wufu, there is no need to beat around the bush. We all know that you and them are not of the same kind. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be the one sent here. They have crowded you out. They distrust you; this is a truth that everyone knows.”

Wufu’s face darkened, Ouyang Shuo’s words had stung his painful spot.

Wufu raised his head; his face emotionless, “Then, can I trust you? Or should I put it this way, you, China’s number one Lord, Leader of Shanhai Alliance, representative of the civilian players—will you trust me?”

Ouyang Shuo nodded, “You have no other options.”

Wufu felt decrepit. He took a breath and made his decision, “Qiyue Wuyi, let’s make a deal.”

“Speak!”

“I tell you the truth that you want. In return, you accept me into Shanhai Alliance.”

Ouyang Shuo’s sights congealed. He had not foreseen this. Things were far worse than he imagined, as even Wufu had to look for shelter if he spat out the truth. That said, those old foxes were really unwilling to be lonely anymore.

Old foxes, do you all really think that I have not noticed anything at all? Truly hilarious.

“I accept your terms,” Ouyang Shuo did not hesitate.

“Things are simple. There are signs of a reunion of the Handan Six Tyrants. Not long ago, I inadvertently saw the heads of the forces gathering in Handan City. I’m not talking about Di Chen, Chun Shenjun, and the like. I’m talking about their elders, the real heads of the forces and parties,” Wufu said, as he recalled the images in his mind.

Sure enough, Ouyang Shuo’s conjecture was coming true.

The Handan Six Tyrants had only split because of Di Chen’s arrogance, Chun Shenjun’s self-pride, and Feng Qiuhuang’s ambitions. Ouyang Shuo and Xiongba were merely the catalysts that stimulated the process.

Handan Six Tyrant became divided into three. Shanhai Alliance had seized the opportunity to rise and grasp the power of discourse in China.

However, after the galactic migration, the elders were finally relieved of their duties and had more time to overlook matters in the game. The monkey businesses of the young ones had caused their dissatisfaction.

Clearly, the young ones were still handling matters according to their emotions, rather than handling it with the arts of negotiation and compromisation. At times like this, the elders would naturally have to step in and clear up the mess the young ones made. After all, they wouldn’t allow the power of discourse to fall into the hands of others. In their eyes, Ouyang Shuo was nothing but a petty child.

Through mutual compromisation, reuniting all their forces was their best option.

However, Ouyang Sh

uo did not worry about this. He was more concerned about Feng Qiuhuang. From the signs and indications, it was clear that they still kept her in the dark. She knew nothing about the gathering and did not know that her elders were engaged in a coalition.

“Xiongba is in it too?” Ouyang Shuo asked.

Wufu was surprised. He hadn’t thought that Ouyang Shuo would be this sharp. He nodded and said, “Yes!”

During the division of the Handan Six Tyrants, Xiongba had played a disgraceful role. He was the one that tempted Chun Shenjun to form an alliance of his own. If the Handan Six Tyrants were to seek a reunion, they would have to go through Xiongba.

With the wisdom of these old foxes, the best option was to accept and admit Xiongba into the alliance, or for that matter, the forces that Xiongba represented.

It was foreseeable that when the Handan Alliance, the Chunqiu Alliance, and the Blood-metal Alliance came together and reunited, the newly formed alliance would be much stronger and greater than before.

These factors answered why they dumped Wufu away. In such a great alliance of forces, Wufu was nothing. The only reason he was in the alliance was because Di Chen desperately needed allies for his Handan Alliance at that time. Wufu was taken in as an emergency measure. Now he had grown useless to them, it was not a surprise that he was left behind.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, “Alright, today’s talk shall end here. We will discuss about the alliance after the war. What’s more important as of now is to win this war.”

After he sent Wufu off, Ouyang Shuo did not stay long in the tent. He rode back to Zhaoge.

In the city of Zhaoge, the people were terrified. The news of the approaching Zhou armies had spread throughout the whole city. The city was practically defenseless, as the military had been sent to wage war with the Dongyi to the east. As such, what else could the king use to fight off these intruders?

In fact, there was still a week before the final battle. Gaia left this period of time so that players could utilize it and complete the side missions.

However, Ouyang Shuo ignored all this and went straight to the palace.

The royal guards stopped Ouyang Shuo in front of the palace gate, “Who are you? This is the king’s palace. It is restricted to authorized personnel only.”

Ouyang Shuo dismounted and passed the reins to his guard Wang Feng. Then, he made a slight bow with clasped hands, “Player representative Qiyue Wuyi. I am here to look for the king; please pass on my words!”

The royal guards checked his waist tag and immediately passed his words to the king.

Following behind the royal guards, Ouyang Shuo did not look at the palace. He was only thinking in his heart about how to convince King Di Xin to accept his plan.

In the palace, Di Xin was currently discussing with his General E’lai about how to fight off the Zhou armies. His royal guards report that the player representative was here, which sparked his interest.

E’lai was the son of Fei Lian. He was a warrior that could fight with rhinoceroses, bears, and tigers. On the other hand, Fei Lian was a messenger. This father and son duo served under King Zhou of Shang, Di Xin. The two were both extremely loyal.

During the era of Three Kingdoms, Cao Cao called his subject Dian Wei ‘The ancient E’lai’. The “E’lai” Cao Cao referred to was the E’lai here.

Ouyang Shuo walked into the palace. Then, he bowed and greeted the king, “Qiyue Wuyi, greets the king.”

Di Xin sat on his throne with an imposing appearance, “For what matter do you seek me?”

“I am here to help the king,” Ouyang Shuo answered, neither servile nor overbearing.

“What boasting,” E’lai said from the side.

“And you are general...?” Ouyang Shuo calmly smiled and asked.

“I am E’lai, don’t you boast. The Zhou armies are strong, and our main forces are not here. How can we do it?” E’lai was a straightforward man, so he directly asked the questions on his mind.

“I do not agree. From what I heard, the king has gathered 700 thousand slaves, which is multiple times that of the Zhou armies. How is that lack of forces?” Ouyang Shuo acted dumb.

E’lai scoffed in disdain, “Child, what do you know? Those slaves, they have never received military training. They do not have weapons or armor either, so how can they even go to war?”

Ouyang Shuo nodded, “Then why not give them weapons and armor?”

E’lai had almost run out of patience. However, Di Xin sat on his throne and pondered.

“You. You know nothing, yet you dare to speak of rescuing the city, this is ridiculous.”

Ouyang Shuo continued to smile normally and said, “Please enlighten me, general!”

Seeing that his king did not stop him, E’lai held himself back with great patience and said, “The 700 thousand slaves all come from the countries and tribes around us. How can they be reassuring? If we gave them weapons, what if they defected? That will drive us into great trouble. Furthermore, even if we gave them weapons and armor, in such a short period of time, how can they train and fight?”

Ouyang Shuo pretended that he had just understood E’lai’s words. He smiled and said, “So, that is why I am here.”

Di Xin was finally moved, “What plan do you have? Say it quickly!”

“My king, in order for this plan to work, the king has to make a promise.”

“What is it?”

“I request that the king places the high priest under house arrest. Cut off his connection to the outside world,” Ouyang Shuo’s words surprised everyone.

The high priest that Ouyang Shuo mentioned was Di Xin’s elder brother—Weizi.

Weizi Qi, Weizhong Yan, and Di Xin. They were brothers from the same mother. When Weizi Qi was born, their mother was still a concubine. After she became the queen, she gave birth to Di Xin. The king initially wanted to make Weizi Qi his heir, but the court said that according to etiquette, Di Xin was the rightful heir.

After Di Xin was crowned as king, Weizi Qi buried his hatred deep inside with great patience and restrained himself for years. As the first son of the former king, Weizi Qi enjoyed a great amount of prestige among the royal family, nobles, and blue bloods. In the end, he managed to form a great force by his side.

As the King of Shang, Di Xin was clearer than anyone else of the threat his dear brother could bring. Even after Di Xin was crowned, he still had to show his goodwill toward his brother. Although the former king—his father—was not here anymore, his two uncles were still at their prime of life, and they eyed the great throne. His uncles formed another group of strong forces within the country.

Therefore, Di Xin decided to entice his brother. After they wiped off the former high priest and their forces, Weizi Qi took over the position of high priest. Theocracy seeped through to the bones of Shang, so the high priest was the great leader of all. His status was comparable to the Roman Pope.

But things drifted far beyond Di Xin’s expectations. After he became king, he started a revolution. One of his moves were to limit and strip the rights of the nobles. He promoted talents from the civilians and even slaves—E’lai was an example of this. However, his move enraged the entire slavelord nobles.

From Xia dynasty to the Warring States period, China had thousands of years of slavery in their history. The nobles dominated the official posts. They owned the slaves and controlled the country’s economy. Di Xin’s move was a great provocation to the entire slavelord nobles, so it was undoubtable that he would be faced with great resistance. Especially when the war he waged to the east depleted a large amount of resources. At that time, the chancellors in the imperial court would criticize him greatly. In the end, a force that opposed the king emerged during the Shang dynasty, Weizi Qi, and the two uncles—Bigan and Qizi, led these forces.

It was a joint force that consisted of nobles that controlled the military, government, and finance, and a royal member that held the theocracy. The threat that they imposed to the king was immense. However, Di Xin was a cold-blooded and ruthless king, so there was simply no way that he would compromise. All these things led to one ending, the king sentenced Bigan to death, he exiled Qizi, and Weizi Qi surrendered to Di Xin.

But in actual fact, his hatred toward the king had grown far beyond redemption, so he swore that he would take his revenge in a way that shocked everyone. He sold his beloved country to his greatest foe—Zhou.

This traitor ordered his men to bring along the sacred ceremonial item and the royal power representative cauldron ‘Jiu Ding (Nine Cauldron)’ and defected to Zhou. At the same time, they brought a gift to the King of Zhou—intelligence regarding Shang’s economy, politics, and military. This intelligence included the chaotic political affairs, the withering financial status, and also the emptiness of military forces in Zhaoge City. They also reported to King Wu of Zhou the path taken and the time required for the Shang major force in the east to get back.

The Shang dynasty was stripped naked of secrets in front of the Zhou.

Without hesitation, King Wu of Zhou and his trusted minister Jiang Ziya gathered every soldier they had in the country and also convened the other countries to form an alliance. Within the shortest period of time and with the quickest speed possible, they waged war directly to the capital city of Shang, Zhaoge. Hence, the tragic Battle of Muye had taken place.

When the alliance surrounded the city, Weizi Qi led his men and surrendered to Zhou. After that, Dan, Duke of Zhou, rewarded Weizi Qi with a piece of land and established the country of Song. This action aimed to show their courtesy and that ‘the descendants of Shang will not die out.’ Weizi Qi hence became the first ancestor of Song of Zhou Dynasty.

Therefore, Ouyang Shuo had to get rid of this biggest traitor Weizi Qi before his plan could work.

Di Xin’s sights congealed, and coldness lurked in his eyes. His elder brother had never let him be at ease, but it would not be easy to house arrest his brother either, “Is this a must?”

“Yes, it is,” Ouyang Shuo did not back off.

Di Xin was also a decisive man, “Alright, I promise you. But, if your plan doesn’t work as you say it would, you know what consequences would be upon you,” the royal king could never be provoked.



* * *





Chapter 202




Chapter 202

Chapter 202: The Battle of Muye (4)



Translator: Team TWO

Editor: Nora



After he obtained the king’s approval, Ouyang Shuo detailed his plans.

“Winning a war is nothing more than strengthening ourselves while weakening the enemy.”

“Can you elaborate?”

“Just as General E’lai said, most of the slaves cannot be trusted. Therefore, the king can choose the best 100 thousand slaves and free them from the chains that restrict them. Feed them food and promise that if the battle is won, they can have their freedom. Equip them with crossbows and provide some minor training. This way, they will be fresh troops. While their war chariots are the greatest strength of Zhou, we can have the other 600 thousand slaves dig deep trenches scattered around the battlefield to counter it.”

Ouyang Shuo was describing the elite strategy commonly used in the modern society. Rather than sending a sea of 700 thousand slaves to war and risk defection, why not just abandon directly them and refrained them to the battlefield? Additionally, crossbows were the easiest weapon to grasp, so it only requires two to three days.

Di Xin trembled. Joy filled his face, but it quickly faded. He frowned, “It is well-planned, but the imperial court does not have such a large quantity of crossbows.”

Ouyang Shuo smiled, “Are there any hard bows?”

“Naturally there are.”

“The hardest part of crafting crossbow is the crossbow parts that contain the mechanism. I can solve this problem for the king. The king only needs to gather the craftsmen in the city and manufacture as many crossbow bodies as possible and assemble it together with the mechanism and hard bow. This way, 100 thousand crossbows can be produced.”

“Good! If we win this war, you will be the hero of Shang, and I will reward you greatly.”

Ouyang Shuo was happy in his heart, and he quickly said, “If the battle is won, I only wish for a man.”

“Oh? Who is it?” Di Xin was curious to know.

Ouyang Shuo turned and looked at E’lai. He smiled and said, “It is General E’lai.”

Even before Di Xin could answer, E’lai had already given replied, “If you can defeat the Zhou armies, I will follow you.”

“System notice: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for receiving the subdue mission for the Emperor-level Historical figure, E’lai. Mission task: Assist Shang dynasty and defeat the Zhou armies. Mission deadline: Before the end of the Battle of Muye.”

Ouyang Shuo was overjoyed, “In that case, I have nothing else to wish for.”

……

Ouyang Shuo followed E’lai’s back, and they walked out of the palace to the weapons workshop in Zhaoge City.

After they reached the workshop, Ouyang Shuo removed the 100 thousand crossbow mechanism parts. The Bow and Crossbow Division crafted all of these parts. Now, they all finally came in handy. Ouyang Shuo had spent a huge fortune in order to win this war.

These 100 thousand crossbow mechanism parts cost Ouyang Shuo 10 thousand gold. Luckily, the territory self-excavated the iron ores, and the wages of the workers were fixed. Otherwise, Ouyang Shuo would have to spend even more.

The Shang dynasty would assemble the crossbows, while E’lai would be in charge of the 100 thousand troops. Ouyang Shuo was relieved of the two tasks that he had suggested.

Ouyang Shuo needed to gather the players and unite them all together now. Ouyang Shuo had no expectations that they could win the battle with only 100 thousand crossbowmen, as it would need more than that. Only coordination between the vanguard troops and the two wings could help them win this war.

It was already 5 PM when Ouyang Shuo returned to the military camp. Such a massive military camp still seemed a little small when it was crowded with the 42 thousand that made up the armies of the players.

In comparison to the Battle of Zhuolu, it was way easier when Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang were recruiting the other lord players. The lords knew that in the faction of Shang dynasty, more than 15% of the forces belonged to Shanhai Alliance, and they were also troops of elites. Therefore, if they would like to earn a decent quantity of merit points, joining forces with the Shanhai Alliance would be the best option. Acting alone would only make themselves into cannon fodders.

Other than a few stubborn players, most of them were willing to accept the Shanhai Alliance’s terms.

Ouyang Shuo’s arrangements were still the same. Zhang Liao was the lead cavalry general and Qin Qiong and Lin Yi were his right-hand men; Shi Wanshui was the commander of the sword-shield infantry, and Mu Guiying was the archers general.

As they were under the policy of ‘The World Online,’ players would remain logged in. Hence, when the night falls, everyone returned to their tents.

The following day, the official reorganization of the troops commenced.

After a morning of statistical analysis, excluding the 2,000 that obstinate lords led, there were 40,000 troops in total. Of these troops, 25,000 were infantry, 10,000 were cavalry and 5,000 were archers.

For the next few days, they would have joint training to improve their coordination so that during the final battle, they could be commanded effectively. On a traditional battlefield that involved soldiers of more than tens of thousands, commanding them was always the issue. This aspect could really test the ability of a general.

At the same time, the 600 thousand slaves that were not chosen were digging deep trenches outside of the city. With such large manpower, even the largest fields could be dug beyond recognition.

25-kilometers south of Zhaoge was Muye. It would take the slaves one to two days to move to the battlefield. Therefore, in order to prevent the slaves from running away, King Di Xin ordered 500 royal guards to watch over them.

The main military force of Shang was at the east, which was only composed of 10 thousand royal guards, 6,000 imperial guards, and a number of war elephants. At times like this, Di Xin still sent 500 royal guards to ensure the progression of the plan. The importance he placed on this plan was evident. He had to make sure it worked without fail.

In the skies above them, a little bird flew unnoticed behind the slaves, following them all along the way.

……

The 4th day, Zhou military main camp, Mengjin.

“Report!” the military spy rushed into the king’s tent, kneeled down and said, “Reporting to the king, intelligence from the front line.”

In the tent was King Wu of Zhou and prime minister Jiang Shang (Jiang Ziya).

“Quickly, tell me.” King Wu of Zhou, Ji Fa was impatient.

“Shang dynasty has made a weird move. They chased hundreds of thousands of slaves out of the city and forced them to dig trenches in Muye,” The spy did not dare to drag on and quickly answered the king.

Ji Fa was puzzled. He turned and looked at his minister, “Prime minister, what are their intentions?”

Jiang Shang stroked his beard. Then, he frowned and said, “Digging trenches, they are trying to stop our war chariots. It seems like there are talents helping them.”

“What? What should we do in response?” Ji Fa was shocked, the war chariots were their biggest trump card and the core of their battle plan. If the war chariots could not reach their enemies, the whole plan would completely fail.

“The only thing we can do now is to send soldiers and chase off the slaves, stopping them from digging the trenches.”

Ji Fa nodded, “In your opinion, who should we send?”

“This is where the problem comes in. Our forces are limited in numbers, so we cannot act recklessly to avoid getting ambushed.”

“Then why not launch the final attack and start the war?” Ji Fa suggested.

Jiang Shang shook his head and said, “We can’t. The others are not here yet, so it is still not the time to launch the final attack.”

Ji Fa was a little unsettled, “Then, what should we do?”

Just as he was getting unsettling, the guards outside the tent reported, “Player representative Chun Shenjun requests for permission to see the king.”

“Let him in,” King Wu of Zhou approved.

Chun Shenjun entered the tent. Then, he bowed and greeted, “Player representative Chun Shenjun greets the king and the prime minister.”

“Forego the formalities,” King Wu imposed his courtesy, “What do you have for me?”

“I am here to relieve the king’s concerns,” Chun Shenjun answered with great confidence.

“Oh?” The king was puzzled.

“I heard the news that the enemy is cunning and sly. They are digging trenches outside on Muye, trying to stop our mighty war chariots. As the representative, I am here to ask for the king’s permission to stop their plans.”

King Wu was overjoyed, “Good, I was just worrying about this matter.”

“Thank you my king!” after getting his approval, Chun Shenjun left.

“Wait,” Jiang Shang opened his mouth and said with great worry, “Chasing them out will do. Try not to hurt anyone.”

“Understood!” Although he answered this way with his mouth, Chun Shenjun did not take the words to heart.

After scouting, they discovered that only 500 soldiers followed the massive quantity of slaves. This was the best-gifted opportunity for them to slaughter the slaves and earn merit points, so how could they possibly miss it? That was why Chen Shenjun had hurried to the king’s tent and requested this task.

After Chun Shenjun left, Jiang Shang was still frowning. He was not at ease.

“Minister, is there anything wrong?” King Wu asked.

“My king. The slaves come from different tribes and states, so they are worth our time fighting for. I am worried that the players will slaughter them.” Jiang Shang explained.

“Did Chun Shenjun not promise you that he will not massacre the slaves? What more is there to worry about?” King Wu was even more puzzled.

Jiang Shang shook his head, “My king, the players’ origins are strange, and they are strong. They might not listen to us at all.”

“Minister, you must be overthinking things,” King Wu believed that he held great power and that his words were useful within the forces.

……

When Chun Shenjun returned to his tent, Di Chen, Zhan Lang, Feng Qingyang, Xiongba, Sha Pojun, and Wandering Magic were all waiting for him.

“How was it?” Xiongba asked. He and Chun Shenjun were close to each other now.

Chun Shenjun showed his joy on his face, “Done!”

“Good, let’s see how Qiyue Wuyi can still laugh now,” Sha Pojun clamored.

“Should we asked the other lords to join us together?” Zhan Lang asked.

Feng Qingyang was the first to disagree, “There are only 500 soldiers. Our troops of 4,000 are more than enough to handle them. Why should we split the merit points with the others?”

Zhan Lang shook his head, “The infantry walks too slow. Only the high mobility cavalry are more secure.”

“Then, we can invite the core allies and form a force of 3,000 cavalries,” Feng Qingyang took a step back and compromised.

“Brother Di Chen, why aren’t you saying a word?” Chun Shenjun seemed to intentionally ask this.

Di Chen locked his brows. He ignored Chun Shenjun’s self-pride and said, “I am thinking that Qiyue Wuyi most likely proposed the plan to dig trenches. Will there be some trickeries or conspiracies behind it?”

“Haha, brother Di Chen. Are you scared of Qiyue Wuyi now?” Feng Qingyang had voiced his disdain about Di Chen’s doubts.

Chun Shenjun also had a bantering look on his face, and he did not answer Di Chen’s question.

Although they were forced to reunite under the elders’ command, Chun Shenjun still would not allow Di Chen to chair the alliance. It was not a surprise that he had to suppress Di Chen and his fame.

However, Zhan Lang did not follow their childish acts, “What brother Di Chen said is possible, so we must be prepared.”

Chun Shenjun shook his head, “Brother Zhan Lang, you are thinking too much. According to the scout’s intelligence, there are no signs of any other military around Muye. We only need to send the cavalries and surprise them with an ambush. It will take a day for Qiyue Wuyi to receive the news and come forth. That is more than enough time for us to accomplish the task and leave.”

“That’s right. I don’t believe that Qiyue Wuyi is so strong and powerful,” Feng Qingyang was Chun Shenjun’s hardcore ally. Naturally, he would support Chun Shenjun.

Zhan Lang remained silent.



* * *





Chapter 203




Chapter 203: The Battle of Muye (5)

Translator: Team TWO

Editor: Nora

11 AM, Chun Shenjun, Zhan Lang, Xiongba, Sha Pojun, and the others led 3,000 cavalries and rushed out of Mengjin toward Muye.

At nightfall that day, they were already within 10-kilometers of Muye. They set up a camp and settled down for the night.

Surprisingly, Di Chen did not follow them. Instead, he only sent one of his basic generals and 500 Handan cavalries.

Sure enough, the others called his decision cowardly and timid.

Juedai Fenghua was puzzled too, “Why didn’t you follow them? Is there anything wrong?”

Di Chen locked his brows. Then, he spoke in a solemn tone, “I have a bad feeling about this, I have dealt with Qiyue Wuyi quite a number of times already. Do you think that he is such a careless man? Such a big flaw and he did not realize it, giving us the chance to reap the slaves and earn easy battle contribution points? Their own arrogance blinds Chun Shenjun and the others.”

“Then, why did you still send over our troops?” Juedai Fenghua was still puzzled.

Di Chen shook his head, “The families are now talking to each other and seeking cooperation. It is a very sensitive time, so I do not wish to destroy the peace and unity of the alliance. In any case, if my conjectures are wrong and I send no one, I would miss a good chance.”

Juedai Fenghua finally understood and felt relieved. The shrewd and deeply subtle Di Chen was finally back after taking a few blows, which was more important than anything else.

……

As Chun Shenjun and the others were busy settling down, a little bird passed them and flew to the north.

5 AM the following day, Military Intelligence Division Secretary Song San received intelligence from the hummingbird. He did not dare to delay and immediately rushed to Ouyang Shuo’s tent.

The guard stopped him outside of the tent and whispered, “The lord is still sleeping. You cannot enter.”

However, Song San was anxious, “This Intelligence is of great importance, so it can’t be delayed.”

Only after they heard this did a guard walk into the tent to wake Ouyang Shuo up.

But even before the guard had walked in, Ouyang Shuo had already woken up. Practicing the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique had greatly enhanced his senses, so he could pick up the little changes in the surroundings.

Song San entered the tent and greeted Ouyang Shuo, “My lord, the enemies have indeed appeared. They have 3,000 cavalries and are 10-kilometers away from Muye. They can arrive at Muye as early as this morning.”

Ouyang Shuo rose with force and spirit. The fish had finally taken the bait.

If Ouyang Shuo wished to win this battle, he would have to pay great attention to the Zhou players. The players added up to a force of 60 thousand soldiers, comparable to the Zhou military force.

For the past one or two months, Ouyang Shuo had killed countless brain cells in an attempt to figure out how to turn the tide of the war. He had considered every possibility. The worst case scenario he took into account had happened—Di Chen and the likes had reunited together to fight as one.

Therefore, the first step in his plan was to get rid of them.

No matter how many strategist advisors they had, in the case of asymmetrical information, they were still blind men.

“Guards!” Ouyang Shuo shouted.

“Sire!” a guard entered in.

“Get General Zhang Liao, General Qin Qiong, and General Lin Yi to the tent. I have important news for them.”

“Yes, sire!”

When the three generals arrived, Ouyang Shuo skipped the formalities and directly said, “Gather the cavalries and follow me to Muye.”

“Understood!”

Two days of joint training had allowed the cavalry to gather within half an hour.

Such a big move naturally alerted the other lords. When the troops were gathering, Ouyang Shuo had approached Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang. He explained the situation and tasked them with further explanations to the other lords.

Since the lords were willing to accept Shanhai Alliance’s jurisdiction, Ouyang Shuo did not need to report every single detail to them every time. Otherwise, how could he wage a war? Time would be wasted on explanations.

The 10 thousand cavalries marched from Zhaoge toward Muye.

……

8 AM in the morning, under the watch of the royal guards, 600 thousand slaves started the work of the day. Trenches were dug and started to form a pattern that looked breathtaking from afar.

However, an hour later, darkness fell upon the land.

3,000 cavalries of Zhou players made their appearance and charged toward the slaves.

It was morning, and the sunlight brought brightness and warmth, but the 3,000 calvaries of hell came out of nowhere, bringing forth darkness and sanguinary. Without a word, they rode into the sea of slaves, swinging their blades and splattering blood down on the land. How could these empty-handed slaves defend themselves against these cavalries? They were like a flock of sheep. Although they were large in number, the lesser wolves chased them, which caused them to run and flee around with no direction.

But the slaves were too large in number, so even the cavalries could not slaughter them all at once. At critical moments like this, if one desired to live, they would have to run faster than the others. Fetters of iron chained all of them. In order to live, they would push down the other slaves, only because they were blocking the way.

Sha Pojun and the others were overjoyed as they watched their battle contribution points constantly increase. In the time frame of less than 10-minutes, they dominated the whole battle contribution list.

Initially, when the slaves saw the armies coming from the south, the slaves thought that their countries had sent these people to save them. But who knew that these ‘saviors’ were actually their annihilators.

Rather than saving them, their own countries slaughtered them mercilessly instead.

You see it? These devils are still laughing out loud.

The slaves ran and fled for their lives, as an endless hatred toward their own countries was bred in their hearts. The hatred was so strong that they hated their home countries more than the Shang dynasty.

Damn you brats. Even the Shang dynasty did not do this.

Fortunately, the 500 royal guards acted quickly and came to the rescue.

Unfortunately, the guards were only infantries. Moreover, the bronze weapons and armors they were once proud of were nothing compared to the fine ironworks of the cavalries.

The slaves watched as the royal guards defended them. Their hatred grew deeper, stronger, and greater. Their kings had abandoned them and slaughtered them now like a pile of dead meat, yet their own enemies stepped forward to protect them with flesh and blood.

How ironic, they thought, as tears of despair flowed down their cheeks.

As the temporary chief-in-command, Zhan Lang decisively ordered the cavalries to stop the massacre and focus on the royal guards. The mighty cavalries charged in formation and pierced through the defensive line of the royal guards. Within an hour, for the price of fewer than 200 casualties, the cavalries crushed the last light of the slaves. Not even a single royal guard survived.

Just as the proud and complacent cavalries planned to continue harvesting the fruits of victory, a force of greater darkness shadowed them. It was a horrific nightmare that would haunt them.

10 thousand cavalries of Shang finally arrived under the leadership of the three generals.

Zhan Lang’s face turned pale white, as the 10 thousand reinforcement cavalries came forth. He mumbled in deep remorse, “I regret that I did not listen to Di Chen’s advice.”

There was no doubt that this was a conspiracy. Hence, Zhan Lang decisively ordered the troops to retreat.

Unfortunately, Ouyang Shuo would not allow this to happen.

In fact, Ouyang Shuo and the troops had arrived 20-minutes ago. But in order to completely exterminate the enemies, he had ordered the troops to make a big turn to the south. Then, they struck from the north, ambushing the enemies from behind.

Therefore, Ouyang Shuo had already blocked off their retreat route. If they wanted to retreat and return to Mengjin alive, they would have to breakthrough the 10,000 cavalries.

In their formation, Chun Shenjun stepped forward and made his final struggle. With a voice like a foghorn, he shouted, “Is this brother Wuyi? Brother Wuyi, can you give us a way out? I will repay you greatly after.”

Ouyang Shuo laughed and shook his head. Then, he replied, “Chun Shenjun, I am sorry, but we are now enemies. We serve our own kings. If you’d like to catch up with each other, I will welcome you with open arms in Shanhai County.”

Zhan Lang was as decisive as always. He turned and said to Chun Shenjun, “Victory will favor the braver of the two who come into unavoidable confrontation. The only way out now is to have the troops around us fight a way out for us. As long as we survive, there is still hope.”

His words were simple. According to the law of the battlefield that Gaia set down, when a lord died, their troops would be sent back to the territory along with them.

Therefore, as long as the lord survived, the losses of the cavalries were not a big deal to the battlefield. After all, there were still plenty of cavalries in Mengjin.

Chun Shenjun nodded in agreement.

On the other side of the battlefield, Ouyang Shuo specifically ordered the three generals not to allow the lords to escape. He pointed out each and every one of them to the generals. Speaking of the law of the battlefield, who could possibly know it better than Ouyang Shuo? Of course, he would not allow such low-level errors to take place.

This was the sole reason he had established the lord’s guards—to protect and defend his safety.

Zhan Lang split the cavalries into three groups and each went on their own path.

Ouyang Shuo’s cavalries tripled them in quantity. Furthermore, they had just gone through a battle. Now, a sudden ambush faced them, so the morale of the two sides could be clearly distinguished.

The two forces of cavalries simultaneously charged forward, and they clashed like two strong waves of torrents stirring together. Blood sprinkled into the air like water.

Ouyang Shuo personally led the lord’s guards and stared at Sha Pojun. Sha Pojun had acted resentful to him several times, so Ouyang Shuo had long since thought of making him pay. On the other hand, Sha Pojun was not a kind-hearted man either. He had seen blood in the real world. Naturally, he wasn’t scared of Ouyang Shuo.

Sadly, this was a game. Whether it be weapon, armor, mounts, or even personal combat skills, Ouyang Shuo was better than Sha Pojun. Ouyang Shuo waved and brandished his iron spear, fully showing the true power of Yang spearmanship.

Yang spearmanship was born in war, for war.

Ouyang Shuo made a move of the famous ‘Whitesnake spit letter’ and directly aimed for Sha Pojun’s weak point. Sha Pojun quickly reacted and barely countered Ouyang Shuo with his halberd.

The two fought for twenty over rounds, and Sha Pojun grew more and more powerless.

Even at a time like this, Ouyang Shuo did not let his guard down. He continued to use his Yang spearmanship and suppressed Sha Pojun to his limit. Finally, he seized an opportunity and used the ultimate move ‘Throat-killing Spear’. His exquisite iron spear was like a mighty dragon fluttering in the nine skies. It pierced Sha Pojun’s throat like a lightning bolt, killing him in one blow.

Sha Pojun’s eyes widened. He could not believe his death and fell off his horse. Eventually, he turned into a flash of white light.



* * *





Chapter 204




Chapter 204: TWO Chapter 204 - The Battle of Muye (6)

Chapter 204 - The Battle of Muye (6)

Translator: Team TWO

Editor: Nora

After Ouyang Shuo defeated Sha Pojun, he looked around to evaluate the situation of the battlefield.

Both armies fought in close proximity, engaging in close-combat warfare. Right at this moment, Ouyang Shuo noticed that a small force was making its way out of the encirclement, retreating toward the south.

Needless to say, it must be Zhan Lang and the others.

Without hesitation, Ouyang Shuo led his guards and chased after them. Along the way, Lin Yi led the vanguard 1st unit and joined Ouyang Shuo.

The advantage of Qingfu horses became evident. After less than 5-kilometers, Ouyang Shuo and his men had caught up with the enemies.

They only had less than a squadron left. Clearly, they were all elites of the elites. Their mounts were also quick. Sadly, they still couldn’t match up with the Qingfu horses.

Ouyang Shuo realized that the squadron must be Xiongba’s soldiers. He could still remember that during the last system auction, Xiongba had spent 1,200 gold on one heavy cavalry token—this must be them.

“Brother Xiongba, I hope that you are well!” Ouyang Shuo shouted loudly.

Among the squadron, a man trembled for a moment. He must not have expected that Ouyang Shuo could catch up to them so quickly. Of course, this man was Xiongba. But he did not give up and ordered the squadron to move faster.

Ouyang Shuo sneered at Xiongba’s order, and he made a gesture to Lin Yi.

Lin Yi understood his meaning and split the cavalry unit into two, preparing to flank the side and surround the enemies.

After Ouyang Shuo surrounded him, Xiongba had no choice but to stop. He turned around and looked at Ouyang Shuo. Then, he spoke with a bitterly smile, “Brother Wuyi, do you really have to do this?” His partner Wandering Magic stood beside him.

Ouyang Shuo had a heart of stone; he smiled, “Brother Xiongba, you can only blame that we chose different sides. Next time, think twice before you select who you should side with. Try not to chose the wrong side.”

Xiongba’s sight congealed. He had a feeling that these words had a hidden meaning behind them.

Could it be that Ouyang Shuo knows about the cooperation of the families? How did he get the news?!

While his head flowed with various thoughts, his face remained calm. He smiled and said, “Brother Wuyi, killing me is pointless. Di Chen is still in Mengjin. With him there, the players of Zhou will not fall. Why not do me a friendly favor? Lend me a hand. Levels are not that easy to train.”

This cunning fox, trying to play around with his famous favor card again.

Ouyang Shuo realized why he had not seen Di Chen. As the saying went, ‘Those who knew you best were often your enemies.’ Di Chen and Ouyang Shuo had a bit of history together, which almost allowed Di Chen to grasp and understand Ouyang Shuo’s plannings, how interesting.

“You can leave Di Chen to me. That is not something brother you should worry about,” Ouyang Shuo was still unmoved, “So, I think it is best for me to send you off,” as he finished his sentence, he waved his hand forward.

The lord’s guards and the vanguard unit understood his orders and charged forward.

Xiongba was stunned; he was really surprised. But Xiongba was also a formidable person, so he laughed, “Good, brother Wuyi, it seems like we are of the same kind. I will accept my defeat today wholeheartedly.”

After settling Xiongba and his men, Ouyang Shuo brought the troops back to the battlefield.

When he retu

rned, the fight had already finished. Horses that lost their master stood helplessly, and the neighing of horses resounded through the battlefield. The wounded laid on the ground wailing in pain and sorrow, as their splattered blood painted the field red. Broken spears perforated the ground, endlessly telling unspoken words of desolation.

Zhang Liao and Qin Qiong noticed Ouyang Shuo and patted their horses. They came forth and reported to Ouyang Shuo, “Sire, the enemies are all eliminated.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded: “Is there any lords that escaped?”

“Other than the group that sire chased after, we terminated all the others,” Zhang Liao did not disappoint him.

“The slaves?” Ouyang Shuo asked.

“I have sent troops to capture them all. We took back the escaped slaves.” Ouyang Shuo had already ordered them to not slaughter the slaves, and Zhang Liao had precisely followed his words.

“Bring me to them.” Ouyang Shuo had some plans in mind for the slaves.

“Understood.”

Although the massacre had only lasted for half an hour, the casualties of the slaves had risen to tens of thousands. The trenches that they dug now contained their own blood.

Ouyang Shuo rode to the front of the slaves and shouted, “It is I, player representative Qiyue Wuyi. All of you have seen it with your own eyes. It was the Shang dynasty that protected you, that kept your soul and body intact. Your home countries, your tribes, have abandoned you like a pile of useless dirt. You are now standing on the edge of a cliff; you have nowhere to go.”

“Save us sire!” some slaves started calling for help.

“Save us...save us…” Eventually, all of them started to call for help.

Ouyang Shuo raised his hand, indicating for them to keep silent. Then, he continued, “You want to live? Simple, continue digging and finish these trenches. If the time comes, raise your arms and fight on the battlefield for the Shang dynasty.”

The 500 royal guards that Di Xin send had all died. Hence, Ouyang Shuo had placed his cavalries in Muye to ensure that the trenches work could be completed in time.

Ouyang Shuo and his guards rushed back to Zhaoge City and reported to King Zhou of Shang.

……

Mengjin, the news of the annihilation of the player armies had spread through the whole place.

King Wu was naturally unhappy, but the other lord players were even more unhappy. They only learned now that Chun Shenjun and the others had secretly gone to claim merit points.

Although Chun Shenjun and the others were ambushed and forced to leave the battlefield, their names remained on the battle contribution list. All of them had at least 10,000 merit points, dazzling the eyes of the other lords.

Even as the player representative, his decision to act alone disgusted the others. Therefore, even after their death, they weren’t spared any compassions. Instead, the others only gloated and despised them.

Di Chen, the only one in his group that had remained rational, tried to take over Chun Shenjun’s place and unite the lords. Unfortunately, the other lords did not trust him anymore.

Although you did not personally go, you did send your men along, so you too took part in it. Plus, Handan City is only left with 500 infantries now. What qualifies you as the leader?

He had the intention to lead, but the other lords did not commit to him. Di Chen could only try his best in the following battles.

Fortunately, there were indeed some lords that were reasonable. They knew that at times of crisis, they had to unite and stand together. Otherwise, the players of Shang might defeat.

These rational lords formed an alliance of their own. However, they refused Di Chen as their chairman.

In the king’s tent, King Wu was furious, “Prime minister, what should we do now? Should we send more troops over and stop them from digging the trenches?”

Jiang Shang opposed this proposition. He was as calm as always, “My king need not be impatient. It was only a small defeat. Only the player’s armies were lost, which will have no major effect on the war,” he waited until King Wu had calm himself down. Then, Jiang Shang continued, “Sending over more troops will not work either. The Shang must have already stationed more troop over in Muye. The only thing we should do now is stay on guard. We need to wait for the others and their troops to gather together. After that, we will launch the final attack on Muye, taking down Shang from the mighty throne once and for all.”

The plan that Jiang Shang proposed was frank and upright, launching the attack and fighting Shang in a face-to-face in war. From the intelligence that Weizi sent, there were only less than 20 thousand soldiers in Zhaoge City. There was a huge difference in military size between the two parties. However, if Jiang Shang knew that there were 100 thousand crossbowmen receiving training in Zhaoge City, what would he think?

Ji Fa was a king after all, he picked himself up and said, “Minister, should we send a spy and contact Weizi? We can get them to gather the latest information regarding Zhaoge City. They can find out what is going on and who is helping the Shang.”

Naturally, Jiang Shang had no objections.

……

While the lords in Zhou were like a sheet of loose sand, the lords in Shang became more united. Ouyang Shuo had proved with his actions that he possessed the ability to lead them to victory.

In contrast to Chun Shenjun’s selfish decisions, Ouyang Shuo’s actions were just and even. As a result, the former 2,000 troops that were reluctant to join them submitted themselves in the end. Now, the leadership of the players in Shang was completely transferred to the Shanhai Alliance.

With this opportunity, Ouyang Shuo could raise his prestige among the players. Slowly and steadily, he could build up his reputation. This was important. If Ouyang Shuo continued to make decisions that were just and even, he would not need to waste his energy convincing the lords to join him on the battlefields in the future. Instead, the other lords would come looking to cooperate with Shanhai Alliance.

King of Shang, Di Xin finished listening to Ouyang Shuo’s reports. Although he mourned the royal guards, he also praised Ouyang Shuo for the victorious battle, and his trust toward Ouyang Shuo grew greater.

In addition, the battle’s victory was like charcoal in the snowy weather.

When the news reached the people in Zhaoge City, it settled their uneasy hearts. They now knew that there stood a strong force by their side, helping them fight off the Zhou armies.

The once tense atmosphere in the city was no more, as the people brimmed with energy. They voluntarily donated food and grains to the military. As a result, they greatly helped the military logistics and eased the shortage of food for the soldiers.

Under the official’s guidance, carriages after carriages of food were sent from Zhaoge to Muye.

As food was no longer a concern, Ouyang Shuo proposed that the king ameliorated food supplies to the slaves. This action would ensure they could acquire enough energy to sustain their work of digging trenches. By doing so, Ouyang Shuo proved to the slaves that the promise he had made would be kept. Subsequently, the slaves worked harder.

At the same time, they 100 thousand crossbows were finished and distributed to the slaves. The general, E’lai, was training the slaves to ensure that they could effectively go to war.

The general divided the 100 thousand crossbowmen into 10 formations of 10 thousand men. After that, every formation was divided into 10 again. Under Ouyang Shuo’s suggestion, Mu Guiying led the 5,000 properly-trained military crossbowmen and joined the formations. Every formation of a thousand men was given 50 crossbowmen, who acted as the tutors and the leaders.

Ouyang Shuo formed the first mixed military force from both the player’s troops and the system’s armies—the first of its kind in humanity’s history. Without the great trust that Di Xin invested into Ouyang Shuo, he could not have possibly done this.



* * *





Chapter 205




Chapter 205 - The Battle of Muye (7)

Translator: Team TWO

Editor: Nora

Day 10, Battle of Muye, Zhaoge City of Shang dynasty.

Zhaoge City, this name sings the dawn of lights, welcomes the sunrise, and the booming of prosperity.

Facing the bright sun, the troops bathed themselves in the warm sunshine and departed from the South Gate of Zhaoge City. The mighty troops marched toward Muye, consisted of 40 thousand players troops, 100 thousand slave crossbowmen, 10 thousand royal guards, 6 thousand imperial guards, and 12 war elephants. In total, they had over 150 thousand soldiers.

The first time the war elephants appeared before their eyes, Ouyang Shuo and the other lords were stunned.

Armor made of rhino skins and hardwoods protected the war elephants, while bronze basks covered their faces and sharp swords were tied to their tusks. On their backs, they carried a wooden tower with a mahout1, two archers and two pikemen in it.

Such a well-equipped war elephant from top to toe was the perfect bulldozer war machine. No ordinary human could possibly stop it from paving a bloody path of meat and flesh.

Sadly, they only had 12 war elephants, as the others were sent to war with Dongyi to the east. Otherwise, the Zhou armies would be nothing compared to the great war elephants.

If the royal guards were the elites of the Shang dynasty, then the imperial guards would be the elites of the elites. They fought side by side along with their king, Di Xin. They had battled in countless wars, conquered lands to the south and earned great military merits and honors. They were all descendants of the nobles, true soldiers of the Shang dynasty and extremely loyal to the king.

The rebellious act of the Zhou armies enraged them. They were furious that the Zhou and the other countries defected from the king. Rage filled the guards—both royal and imperial. They swore with their lives that they would make the Zhou armies pay the price. With their swords and spears, they would defend the honor of the Shang dynasty. Hence, their blood boiled in excitement and their morale was high.

The people of Zhaoge gathered in front of the city gate to send off the soldiers. Be it the royal guards or the imperial guards, they were all the people of Zhaoge. The glorious blood of Shang flowed in them. The slaves were incomparable to them.

King Zhou of Shang, Di Xin, rode a war chariot embellished with golds and jewels. He would personally lead the soldiers off to Muye.

The mighty troops stood straight and upright; flags and banners soared in the wind, as spears and pikes pointed toward the sky. The morale and discipline of the troops were high. The troops marched out one-by-one from the South Gate and headed toward Muye. They left behind streams of dust.

The people beside the roads danced their worshipping dancing rituals, as they prayed for the soldiers. They hoped that the soldiers could return home safely. Their parents, wives, and children lived here in Zhaoge. They waited for their sons, husbands, and fathers to come home and reunite with them.

Di Xin sat in his golden war chariot. As he rode past his people, he waved at them, and the crowds cheered for their king. Although their beloved king was ruthless, stubborn, and moody, he was their king. He contributed his entire life to them; he never left his people to die. Instead, he led them to war, and this action was more than enough to grant him the people’s support.

When the rows of crossbow equipped slaves appeared before their eyes, the people were dumbfounded. As the last slavery dynasty in China’s history, the slaves had a very low social status. They were captives, goods, commodities, and livestock, but they were never once taken as ‘people.’

Therefore, one could tell how surprised the people were when they saw that the slaves were equipped with crossbows and given military training.

If it wasn’t for this critical moment of death and life, there would definitely be a large group of people among the Shang slave lords and nobles that would stand and oppose their king’s decision. After all, such a decision violated the vital interests of the slave lords and nobles.

In order for the 100 thousand slave soldiers to be selected from the 700 thousand slaves, the chosen must be strong and obedient. They were very cagey, walking in formations. Their hearts were unsettled, and they felt restless as the people stared at them. They felt like they were walking around naked.

They had yet to adjust to their new roles.

General Er’lai had similar origins as these slaves. He walked at the forefront of the crossbowmen. The people warmly welcomed the ferocious and strong general.

Lastly, there were the player troops. Although the cavalries had suffered a minor loss during the last battle, they remained as one of the strongest forces, riding at the forefront.

20 thousand shield-sword infantries marched behind them, forming square formations. They trod on the same beat, as they marched their way through the South Gate. Their prime and proper array, along with their fine and exquisite equipment impressed and moved the people of Shang.

The armies traveled along the road and filled the horizon with people. Even when the vanguard forces reached the field of Muye, the rear army was still waiting for their turn to travel through the South Gate. Soldiers filled the whole pathway, and the road could not even fit a single person more.

It was already 3 PM when the last group of infantries reached Muye.

Muye was a small city. The walls were low and half-broken. It was made of loesses and barely possessed any defensive ability. It was only important because Muye was the last line of defense before the Zhou armies reached the Shang capital, Zhaoge City.

The army simply did not enter the city. Instead, they directly settled in the southern suburbs. Tent after tent occupied the plains, the slopes and the valleys of the southern suburbs, surrounding Muye City, which stood at the center.

The southern suburbs had long reached a point beyond recognition. 1 to 2-meter deep trenches covered the entire southern suburbs. Each trench was less than 100-meters from another one, while the whole field covered a kilometer. This layout could effectively put an end to the use of war chariots on the field, while the cavalries could still move around freely.

King of Shang, Di Xin, stayed in the city hall of Muye. The city hall would act as the temporary command center until the war ended.

They sent the citizens of Muye and the 600 thousand slaves back to Zhaoge City. This action aimed to reduce the consumption of food and also prevent spies within the crowds. The whole of Muye had turned into a military stronghold. Other than the soldiers, the rest that stayed were logistics personnel.

The imperial guards had taken over the job of the city hall guards. They would do anything they could to ensure the king’s safety.

That night, Di Xin called for a meeting to discuss their war strategies. Ouyang Shuo, as the player’s representative, was given the honor of attending the meeting.

Honestly speaking, Ouyang Shuo was now an apple in Di Xin’s eyes. His status was way beyond an ordinary player’s representative. Di Xin would take his suggestions and proposed plans.

Of course, Ju Shuo gave Ouyang Shuo most of these tactics.

……

Mengjin, Yong, Lu, Peng, Pu, Shu, Qiang, Wei, Mao—the kings of these various countries had finally arrived.

When they were all gathered, King Wu of Zhou and the other kings held an Oath Assembly.

In the assembly, King Wu gave a speech of call to arms against Shang first. He listed the six biggest crime of King Zhou, Di Xin: One, excessive drinking; two, abandoned loyal courtiers; three, employing scoundrels and giving them power; four, blindly trusting the words of woman; five, blindly trusting in faith; six, disregarding the sacrificial ceremony.

For a small country in the west that was still under the control of the Shang dynasty to publicly condemn his king’s crime, one could tell how hypocritical Zhou and King Wu were. Even such a small thing like excessive drinking could be listed. It was a naked rebellion, yet he packaged himself as the embodiment of justice.

After the assembly, they had a sacrificial ritual. King Wu and the others swore an oath to the heavens to destroy the Shang dynasty. Naturally, a sacrificial ritual required them to sacrifice livestock, but instead of livestock this time, they changed the sacrificial offerings to slaves of Shang people.

When they completed the sacrificial ritual, they marched toward Muye.

The forces of Zhou included 300 war chariots, 3,000 royal guards, and 45 thousand armored soldiers. These were all trained soldiers, well-disciplined, fully-equipped, properly trained and with combat experience. In addition to the other kings, the total force numbered 70 thousand, along with 50 thousand player’s troops.

Despite this, the weapons and equipment of Zhou were still incomparable to that of Shang. The bronze smelting and technology of Shang were better. Therefore, Shang produced better bronze weapons and armor.

Especially in the case of infantry armor. Shang military had generally equipped their soldiers with armor made of bronze and rhino skin. They also had bronze helmets as part of the soldiers’ standard equipment. The helmet’s core structure, manufacturing technology, defensive ability and equipment quality made it one of the best equipment in the world of that era.

Meanwhile, the Zhou armies were only equipped with ordinary leather armor or armor made of wood. Even their generals and nobles could not enjoy the luxury of bronze armor. The two were simply incomparable.

Naturally, compared to the slave armies only equipped with a bronze spear and no armor, the Zhou soldiers were much stronger.

Zhou and Shang were rivals, blood feud enemies.

The royal family of Shang had killed and slaughtered the Zhou royal family for three generations. King Wu’s brothers, father, and grandfather had all died because of the royal family of Shang. Furthermore, Shang had waged countless wars on the land of Zhou, leading to the contention of territory, population, and dominance between the two countries.

Therefore, whether it be the royalty or the civilians of the two countries, there were conflicts everywhere. Up till this point, during the King Wu of Zhou period, they had already accumulated over a hundred years of hatred toward Shang.

This time, Zhou threw in every man and all the strength that they had. Their only wish was to destroy the Shang dynasty at all costs. Hence, there was no retreat for the people of Zhou. They had to win the war, as the consequences of defeat were disastrous. The morale of the army—from the king to the soldiers—were extremely high and unified.

Even the soldiers that the other kings sent were the strongest of their countries.

Since the day that Shang was established, their desire to expand its territory and population drove them to continuously invade the countries and nations beside it. While increasing the population served the purpose of expanding the scale of slaves, it also carried the important task of sacrificial offerings selection and sacrificial burial with the nobles.

During the Shang dynasty, theocracy greatly ruled over the land. They often required humans as sacrificial offerings. Moreover, they often required ‘offerings’ of high ‘quality,’ The sacrifices would have to be young and strong. In order to gather such offerings, they would need a large population. Therefore, Shang had actively sought war, plundering populations from different nations. The whole of Shang advocated and believed in violence and force, so they would directly wage war with those beside them, especially to the west.

This all resulted in the unforgettable hatreds from the different nation towards Shang. Since the time was ripe, they would seek revenge at all costs. Their morale and purpose were the same as Zhou.

While the royal family of Zhou acted peaceful and gentle, their propaganda of ‘peace, benevolence, and goodwill’ earned respect, so they enjoyed a high level of prestige among the kings and people.

The mighty force marched along the river of Wei toward Muye. The flags and banners of the different countries fluttered in the wind, expressing their determination to destroy Shang. These were a bunch of blood-eyed enemies.

A group of birds flew by the dark sky, leaving behind endless loneliness.

Mahout1 : An elephant driver.



* * *





Chapter 206




TWO Chapter 206 - The Battle of Muye (8)



Translator: Team TWO

Editor: Nora



Second day, before daybreak, the two forces stood in formation on the field of Muye.

Drops of rain started to drizzle down from the gloomy sky, as dark clouds covered the top of the battlefield.

For the Zhou armies, the trenches forced them to place the war chariots at the rear. They could only act as reserve units. There were mostly Zhou homeland soldiers in the middle. 3,000 royal guards stood at the forefront, and 45 thousand armored soldiers followed them.

The kings stationed their troops at the left wing, while the players’ troops were at the right wing.

The arrangement of the Zhou armies was a typical attack formation.

Before the battle, the Zhou armies had made an oath. King Wu stood in front of the formations and condemned King Zhou for all his crimes.

On the other hand, the 100 thousand crossbowmen were the core of Shang dynasty. Therefore, they had decided to take on a defensive strategy. 20 thousand shield-sword infantries formed defensive lines, as they raised their shields to form a wall of metal.

Behind them were naturally the 100 thousand crossbowmen, who stood in a fan-like formation. This formation could allow them to fire arrows from both sides. With such a three-dimensional defensive system, they could directly shoot or project arrows from three directions, front, left, and right, which greatly increased the lethality of the crossbows.

Every formation of a thousand crossbowmen was divided into three groups. The first group would aim and fire, the second group would aim and get ready, while the third would raise their crossbows and wait. They would take turns firing, which allowed them to continuously maintain fire.

The guards and war elephant were on the left wing, while the 10 thousand players’ calvaries were on the right wing. In order to leave enough charging space for the cavalry, they stood slightly behind.

The arrangement of the Shang armies shocked Jiang Shang. A few days before, he had a bad premonition when the spy they sent to contact Weizi did not return. Now, looking at the well-equipped and strictly disciplined soldiers in formation, rather than noisy and disordered slaves, his foreboding had come true.

But there was no turning back now, so their only option was to put in their best effort and win this war.

Jiang Shang walked to the war drum, and he personally played the drum beats.

As he beat the drum, the Zhou armies moved on beat. One after another, they steadily marched in formation across the trenches toward the Shang. They were like waves of torrents.

The soldiers moved across the field of Muye like sea waves flooding a beach. They trod toward Muye, slowly swallowing it.

King Wu personally led the troops. The imperial guards surrounded and protected him, as he moved in front of the formations.

The soldiers maintained the formations under King Wu’s orders, and they marched together. Above the formations, pikes and spears pointed upright, as the flags and banners of various countries fluttered.

“Raise your shields!” As the general swung his command flag and gave this order, the imperial guards raised their shields and chanted in unison. They knocked their weapons against their shields, “wu..wu...wu...” along with this sounds, they pushed forward in unison.

When the distance between Shang and Zhou closed to 300-meters, the Shang took the initiative.

Under the lead of the experienced team, the 100 thousand crossbowmen half-kneeled down on the ground. They raised their crossbows and pulled the triggers. Words of the massacre of the 600 thousand slaves had reached them. Since Zhou showed them no mercy, what more did they need to hesitate about?

Volleys of arrows poured down onto the Zhou armies. Every volley could reap the lives of more than thousands of soldiers, which caused their blood to spurt into the air. The Shang army heavily suppressed the archers of Zhou. They could only passively defend themselves.

Rows and rows of brave soldiers fell; they would never stand up again. Whether it was the elite imperial guards, the soldiers of the kings, or the players’ troops, all of them mourned as the unstoppable arrows rained.

King Wu tried his best to maintain the formations so that it would not venture into chaos. Under the encouragement of King Wu, the rear army continued to fearlessly push forward. They stepped on the corpses of their comrades, eventually turning them into mashed meats.

If they retreated, the only ending for them would be death. None but the brave can live to the end, as long as they crossed the 300-meters firing area, the crossbowmen would be theirs to reap.

At least, the Zhou armies believed it would be so.

The arrows took down the soldiers, and the wounded soldiers fell and filled the trenches. Their blood overflowed and trickled out of the trenches, and the land was once again painted red. Their bodies became bloody, as they stepped on the corpses and blood. However, they bravely moved forward through the rain of arrows and continued on. They were an army of revenge without retreat.

As the fear faded away, the crossbowmen grew more confident, and their coordination improved. Their shooting rate increased, and the arrows had gotten more intensive and penetrating. The arrows passed by the soldiers’ ears and shoulders, or directly struck one of the unlucky ones.

The simple and crude armor of Zhou simply could not stop the sharp arrows. The casualties were getting too heavy. In such a short distance of 300-meters, 20 to 30 thousand soldiers would sleep forever on this blood-soaked land.

When the remaining soldiers finally rushed to the front of the Shang army, Shi Wanshui led a wall of shields to welcome them. The 1,000 heavy infantry soldiers of Shanhai County were placed in the front, equipped with the Buren Armor made of fine iron. They were indestructible, and even the Zhou spears could not even penetrate their armor.

As an emperor ranked general, Shi Wanshui had three talents: Take the Lead: Morale of troops enhanced by 40%; Conquer to the South, Fight to the North: Speed and mobility of troops enhanced by 30%; Insightful: Attack power of troops enhanced by 20%. There was also the additional 25% defense up for everyone of the Shang dynasty.

Under these buffs, the shield-sword infantry became fierce and invincible against the poorly equipped Zhou armies.

Shi Wanshui raised his spear and shouted, “Kill!”

“Kill! Kill! Kill!” The infantries raised the shields on their left hand, fending off the spears of their enemies. With their other hand, they swung their blades and split the Zhou soldiers in half. Bits and pieces of broken limbs flew across the sky, as flowers of blood bloomed in mid-air. The proud elite Zhou soldiers were chicken and dogs in the face of the shield-sword infantries.

The wall of shields stopped the Zhou armies from moving even an inch forward. Instead, they were suppressed and forced back.

The crossbowmen were like restless killing machines. They did not stop pulling their triggers for even a second. Volley after volley of arrows relentlessly reaped the souls of the Zhou soldiers.

The arrow rain coverage was so immense that it didn’t just affect the Zhou soldiers in the middle. Even the armies at the two wings were getting hit too.

At least one-third of the 50 thousand players’ troops were eliminated. Some of the lords that had charged at the forefront lost all their soldiers, and some of the others were sent out of the battlefield as a result of their death. At this point in time, the lords were starting to slow down and were asking for a retreat.

However, a darker nightmare fell upon them.

The war elephants charged forward under the covering fire of the crossbowmen. The soldiers on the elephant's back shot arrows at the long-range; at the short-range, they used spears. At the same time, the war elephants were controlled to fight with their tusks and trunks. The 10 thousand royal guards followed the war elephants, protecting the war elephants from ambushes.

The war elephants raged a storm across the players’ troops.

The players’ troops were a pile of loose sand. A great number of the cavalries were uncoordinated, unorganized, and fighting independently. They suffered a great loss even before they reached the front of the Shang armies. And now, as the war elephants charged right into the cavalries, they were thrown into chaos. They couldn’t find their commanders; the commanders couldn’t find their lords, and no one knew whether they should continue pushing forward or retreat. They wasted their strong combat capabilities.

The royal guards of the Shang held the determination to protect their homeland. They waved their spears at the enemies and took away the lives of those who stood before them. Their bronze armor provided great protection.

The players’ troops that held a great advantage were now placed in a bad position. The Shang royal and imperial guards suppressed and held back the players’ troops.

On the right wing, Zhao Liao raised his spear and gave the order to attack, “Charge!”

The cavalries raised their weapons—both spears and lances—and charged toward the kings’ soldiers. Mounted on their warhorses, they were like fairies that rode past the trenches. They did not slow down in the slightest.

In the era of war chariots, these cavalry units were the definition of a nightmare. The arrows did minimal damage to the cavalries’ Mingguang armor. The cavalries were like a burning hot metal rod poked into a pile of butter; they easily tore the kings’ armies into half.

Not a single soldier could stand in their path. Not even a decent corpse could be found, as they were all stomped into mashed meats.

This was not a war. It was a massacre, and the battlefield had turned into a slaughterhouse. The invincible cavalries fearlessly charged back and forth through the sea of the kings’ armies, crippling and disabling them.

Even the bravest soldier would lose all their courage when faced with such a hell on earth. The cavalries’ lances, under the enhancement of their momentum, pierced their enemies into human skewers.

The soldiers that were not dead mourned in mid-air.

But the cavalries were emotionless. They swung their lances and left behind corpses, spreading the intestines and internal organs across the ground. Then, the horses stampeded it all together with the soils and grasses, making a land of human salad.

The rain of relentless arrows continued to pour down onto the Zhou soldiers.



* * *





Chapter 207




Chapter 207 - Battle of Muye (9)

Translator: Team TWO

Editor: Nora

The progress of the Battle of Muye did not turn out as the others had expected.

Contrary to the expectations of the others, Zhou dynasty’s three roads suffered heavy losses. More than half of their men died, and they were now facing a dire situation. Jiang Shang, who was commanding the army from behind, could only let out a sigh. He bitterly signaled for them to retreat when he saw the situation.

He clearly understood that after today’s battle, every single possibility and chance to overthrow the Shang dynasty had been completely cut off. After this battle, the Zhou dynasty was unlikely to survive the Shang dynasty’s retaliation. He did not forget that at the far, far east, the main force of the Shang dynasty was rushing back at full speed.

A desperate attempt with every single thing that they could muster, yet it only led them to such a result—it was indeed bitter.

As the prime minister of the Zhou dynasty and the commander-in-chief of the army, he could not escape the blame for everything that had happened today. He could only redeem himself with his very own life. However, before he redeemed his sins with his own life, there was still one last thing to do. He needed to protect and secure King Wu of Zhou’s life. Only by protecting the king could the royal bloodline of Zhou continue. As long as the blood continued to flow, there would always be a comeback; they shall rise again.

Jiang Shang ordered the war chariot division to turn back and prepare themselves for retreat. As soon as King Wu returned, they would fall back immediately. As for the remaining soldier and those from the alliance, Jiang Shang couldn’t care less about them anymore in this horrible situation.

After all, Jiang Shang was downright a man of utter utilitarianism. He was a man who was good in the art of trickery to the point of perfection. Jian Shang was the reason why the rebellion of all the ethnic groups in Dong Yi started in the first place. He was the mastermind of all these events; he had stirred up the situation and started the rebel so that once the tribes and Shang dynasty started a war, his country could benefit from it.

After receiving the order to fall back, King Wu showed his emperor’s responsibility at the most crucial moment. He took the initiative to leave his soldiers to cover their backs, allowing the alliance’s army to retreat first. In fact, the alliance had already lost their minds. They were slaughtered like pigs, and they only had less than 1,000 men left.

This war was a nightmare for the alliance. After returning to their own countries, their main priority would be how to deal with the retaliation of the Shang dynasty. According to Di Xin’s personality, the best ending for all the lords was being sacrificed for the worshipping of spirits.

As for the players who sided with them, they had already fallen back one step ahead. Seeing not even the slightest chance of winning, the players would naturally not stay back and die in vain with the Zhou army. Every soldier they brought with them was the best of the best in their own territory, so they must not suffer any unnecessary losses.

The remaining 20,000 men of the players abandoned their weapons, armor, and supplies. Then, they fled in every direction. They ran away like stray dogs that people chased away. Some of them hid in the forest, some tried to cross the river, and some even ran into the mountains. It formed quite a spectacular scene. These players had no intention of returning to Mengjin; they just simply hid themselves somewhere in the wilderness until the battle ended.

The king of Shang, Di Xin, knew the nature of these players’ forces. He knew that they would not stay here for long. Therefore, he did not order his army to pursue the fleeing enemies in order to avoid unnecessary losses.

Although they had successfully suppressed the players’ armies, the imperial guards and the royal guards had also suffered heavy losses. After all, the strengths of the players’ forces were there. There were even these small teams that were willing to die in order to earn themselves more contribution points. In this battle, the war elephants were all wiped out, half of the imperial guards were killed, and the royal guards had lost around 1,000 of their brothers.

Di Chen looked at the fleeing army and let out a sigh. He had completely lost to Qiyue Wuyi again in the Battle of Muye. Chun Shenjun and the others didn't even have a chance to participate in this final battle.

“What should we do now?” asked Juedai Fenghua.

Di Chen looked around. He could only mobilize a force of fewer than 500 men. It was certainly impossible to make a difference at all. Moreover, they had lost all their cavalries. It would be impossible even if they wanted to retreat with King Wu. The only option they had left was to run away and hide in the wilderness, just like the other players.

Di Chen smiled bitterly and said, “What can we do now? There’s nothing we could do. We can only flee and hide!”

The remaining 500 guards surrounded King Wu and quickly retreated. The remaining 20,000 soldiers stayed behind to secure the safe retreat of their king. They courageously took over the defense line of the guards and stood up against the shield-sword soldiers that Shi Wansu ledi.

These 20,000 men that stayed back had prepared to not return to their own countries and families. Their only mission now was to buy their king more time so that he could safely escape. They had already gone mad; if stabbed, they would hold onto the enemies and provide a chance for their brothers. It was a tragedy. Because of their madness, they managed to hold off the army that Shi Wansui led.

However, Shi Wansui was extraordinary too. Excited with the blood ocean on the battlefield, he killed one soldier with just a swing and shouted, “Leave no one alive. Kill them all and capture King Wu! Death to those who block my path!”

“Kill! Kill! Kill!” the heavy infantries let out a roar, one that could seemingly pierce the sky.

Even the maddest radish could not take on a kitchen knife. Once the soldiers interrupted their movements, the heavy infantries would just swing their swords and sever the enemies’ limbs. Then, they would kick them off or swing their shields to deliver a crushing blow to smash open the enemies’ head.

The 20,000 soldiers left behind to cover their king’s retreat died one by one. Their ranks decreased rapidly, being pared layer by layer. The scene was horrible and bloody. The sacrifices of their brothers did not scare them off but drove them even crazier instead.

As King Wu retreated, he could only burst into tears when he heard the dying roars of his soldiers. These were all his soldiers, his people, and his children. The enemy mercilessly slaughtered them, and their king could do nothing but watch them die.

King Wu turned his head back and looked at Di Xin, who was watching the battlefield on his golden war chariot. Then, King Wu said fiercely, “Di Xin, I swear to god that I will kill you for what you have done today!” He carried an even deeper hatred within him, as he joined back with the War Chariot Division.

Up until now, the crossbowmen at the rear had not stopped their barrage at all. Therefore, arrows and bolts still rained down on their path of retreat. Many of the soldiers died on the way because of this.

At this time, their companions could spare no more attention to those who got hurt in the war anymore. They could only leave them lying on the ground, helplessly crying for help. They had to pretend that they could not hear their cries.

Corpses had completely filled the trenches in the southern suburbs, and blood flowed everywhere on the ground. The cruelest part was that these bodies had become the best stepping stones for the retreat of the remaining soldiers. At least they did not have to waste extra energy just to go across these trenches. Every second and every minute were crucial at this moment, as they could affect the life and death of every soldier.

Their only thought now was to quickly get out of the range of the enemy crossbowmen. The arrow barrage that the crossbowmen unleashed had become their nightmare.

Even when King Wu retreated, he could not help but lament, “These strong crossbows destroyed my dreams!” By the time they merged with the chariots at the rear, the 1,500 men had been reduced to only less than 1,000.

Ouyang Shuo did not plan to stop at this point. Di Xin had appointed him as the commander in chief. While the rear gave out the order to capture King Wu and Jiang Shang, he ordered his own cavalries to aid the heavy infantries. They were to quickly exterminate every enemy that still resisted.

“Capture King Wu! Capture Jiang Shang!”

The army advanced and launched an attack, as they shouted this slogan.

The Cavalry Division was the first to act. The Cavalry Division had suffered little to no losses. They charged and suddenly turned left, piercing into the enemy's main camp under the lead of the three generals—Zhang Liao, Qin Qiong, and Lin Yi.

The truth was, if the cavalries managed to plunge into the rear of the enemies at this time, they would gain a very great chance to destroy the 300 chariots. They could even capture Jiang Shang.

However, destroying all the chariots would be the same as crushing their final glimmer of hope for retreat. With their last hopes crushed, they would know that they had no hopes of surviving. Destroying the chariots would cause the enemies to fight with everything they had left until they all die, which would cause unnecessary damages.

Not only that, Ouyang Shuo also wanted some benefits for himself. If he let King Wu escape now, only Shanhai County’s calvaries would chase after them. As a result, the rewards for killing King Wu would definitely fall into his hands and not some lucky players.

Other than that, Ouyang Shuo also hoped to lessen the losses among his infantries. These enemy infantries had lost their minds, so they could still deliver fatal blows to Ouyang Shuo’s infantries.

The reinforcements of the cavalries thoroughly forced the Zhou troops up a dead end. The cavalries and the infantries cooperated and struck the enemies from the front and back. Then, they began their slaughtering.

At this time, the crossbowmen finally stopped their arrow rain. The continuous and high intensity shooting resulted in the slaves with weak bodies almost collapsing. Even those 5,000 player crossbowmen were exhausted.

They had played a major role in today’s victory.

After they killed the remaining Zhou troops, King Wu, along with Jiang Shang and the other lords, had already escaped on the war chariots.

Now, the noises on the battlefield suddenly subsided, and only some injured soldiers let out occasional groans.

No one realized when the drizzle stopped. The dark clouds dispersed, and the sun shone on the earth again, bringing some warmth to all the survivors.

At the southern suburbs where the sun shone, there wasn’t even the slightest hint of greenery. Bodies covered the entire blood-soaked field. Packs and packs of vultures flew to the field, tracing the blood scent that the bodies emitted. They circled in the air for a long time and refused to leave.

Facing this hell in the human realm before them, many players who were still accustomed to the peaceful environment of reality couldn't stand it. They quickly withdrew themselves to the rear of the army and started puking.

It was the games fault. The realistic settings of the game were just way too gory. Internal organs, intestines, and brain pulp just scattered around the field, luring swarms and swarms of flies.

Perhaps, all of these were just an unexpected gluttonous feast for the animals in the wilderness.

King Shang, Di Xin, stood in his golden chariot. He did not care much about this bloody scene in front of him. In fact, he seemed to be very exuberant. His general, Er'Lai, stood beside him, and they smiled together.

Ouyang Shuo rode on his Qingfu warhorse and headed toward the golden chariot. He dismounted and saluted Di Xin. Then, he asked, “My King, the enemy leaders are still not dead yet. May I have your permission to chase after them and cut them down once and for all?”

Di Xin had the same intentions. He too understood that if one wanted to get rid of the wild grasses, they had to pluck out the roots of the grass as well. However, with only his armies made up of infantries, there would be no way that they could catch up with the fleeing enemies. He was happy that Ouyang Shuo had volunteered as well.

“Permission granted. Kill them all, and your king shall reward you greatly!” promised Di Xin.

“Your will is my command, my king.” after receiving the order, Ouyang Shuo mounted his horse and went to Lin Yi. Together, they set out with the cavalries and headed to Mengjin.

The other players could only watch Shanhai County’s cavalries mobilize far away. Envy was clearly written on their faces. They knew that there were just so many battle contribution points awaiting Ouyang Shuo and his cavalries to harvest. Those that managed to escape not only included King Wu and Jiang Shang. There were also those lords that were worth an abundant amount of battle contribution points. However, they could only blame the fact that their horses were not as good as Ouyang Shuo’s and his cavalries’ Qingfu warhorses.



* * *





Chapter 208




Chapter 208: TWO Chapter 208 - Battle of Muye (10)

Chapter 208 - Battle of Muye (10)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

They tracked the ruts that the chariots left behind. Ouyang Shuo and the 1,700 cavalries that survived tracked them down along the Wei River, all the way down to the south. They were very determined to kill or capture the main leaders of the Zhou dynasty in one attempt.

King Wu and Jiang Shang did not even have the slightest clue that the enemy would have horses like the Qingfu warhorses—horses that had such incredible speed and magnificent mobility. The Qingfu warhorses could catch up and even outrun them. However, they did not know this, so they did not even bother to cover up their tracks.

When it was close to noon, the enemy chariots that had fled were already in the vicinity of Ouyang Shuo and his army.

Ouyang Shuo suddenly raised his hand to signal for the party to stop. When he signaled them to down, they cavalries that were still traveling at high speeds abruptly stopped. It was like they had pressed down hard onto the brakes of a car. Their movements were united and flawless.

“Wang Feng!” Ouyang Shuo called to his elite guard captain

Wang Feng, who had always followed behind Ouyang Shuo, immediately rode to the front and said, “My lord, your orders?”

“Come here.”

The always cool captain now had a face of confusion. He had no idea what his lord was trying to do again. Ouyang Shuo whispered something to Wang Feng. For a quick moment, Wang Feng showed a surprise expression, but he soon returned to his usual cool expression. Although his face slightly changed, no one saw anything. As such, none of them had any idea what kind of task their lord had given him.

Wang Feng returned to his position and signaled to the elite guards. Then, he said, “Elite guards, come with me!” Then, they headed toward a small path at the side.

“Yes sir!” said the elite guards. They swiftly followed their captain with no unnecessary thoughts.

All of the other cavalries, including Lin Yi, did not raise a question at all. There were rules in the armies. Things that should not be said shall never be said, and whatever should not be asked shall remain unasked.

As the head of all the Shanhai City’s armies, Ouyang Shuo’s orders would always be kept as the top secret information at all times.

“Keep moving. Remember, I want both King Wu and Jiang Shang alive. Capture them and make sure not to hurt them,” Ouyang Shuo specifically reminded his cavalries, as he was worried that they might carelessly hurt King Wu and Jiang Shang.

“Yes my lord!”

After a short moment of waiting, the army continued their advance and caught up with the enemies that had fled in front.

The sounds of galloping horses were just like rumbling thunder. It alerted King Wu about his pursuers. The now frightened King Wu turned his head. What appeared in his sight was wave after wave of fierce cavalries that advanced toward them with immense power and incredible speed.

The Mingguang armor on each and every cavalry was just so obvious, as they brightly glimmered under the sunlight.

The golden rays reflected from the Mingguang armor was just way too iconic. Therefore, King Wu recognized that these cavalries were the ones that had mercilessly slaughtered the alliance forces. The faces of the other lords turned even paler. In their eyes, these cavalries were the shadow of war that rode beneath the fog of war. These cavalries would cut down and trample their foes under their iron hooves, despite the shiny armor that made them resemble holy knights.

“Even the heaven

wants me dead!” King Wu lamented.

Right after the lamentations of King Wu,s a non-stop heavy arrow rain traveled toward them at high speeds.

Every chariot had two or four horses pulling it. Among the four horses, the two horses in between were called ‘two fu.’ They were tied with the yoke used to balance the two shaft of the chariot; the left and right horses were called the ‘two can.’ They were tied in front of the chariot with leather, collectively known as ‘si.’

Every chariot carried three soldiers that stood in a horizontal line.

The soldiers that stood on the left plays the role of an archer, also known as the head of the chariot, called ‘che zuo’ or ‘jia shou.’ The one on the right was the halberdier, his main priority was to cut down enemies with his halberd and clear away any obstacles that blocked the chariot, called ‘che you’ or ‘can cen.’ The charioteer stood in the middle, and he only carried a short sword for self-defense.

The cavalries aimed the arrow rain at the che zuo and the charioteers. Their purpose was to shoot down and disable these threats, which would prevent return fire and stop the chariots. Of course, this would really require extremely good archery skills.

As expected, those che zuos’ on the chariots tried to retaliate. However, their shooting range was quite a joke when compared to the shooting range of the cavalries equipped with composite bows. The che zuos’ arrow just fell down before they could hit any of the cavalries.

“Stop now or die!” Lin Yi loudly shouted under Ouyang Shuo’s hint.

When he heard this, it was like Jiang Shang had suddenly grown older. He felt like he had become a weak old man. These players were always doing things outside of his expectations. He was indeed smart and wise, but the amount of information that the parties held was completely different. The existence of his opponents was out of this era’s understandings. Although he had tactics and tricks up his sleeves, he could not do much at all.

“My king, we should stop. We can’t escape anymore,” said Jiang Shang bitterly.

King Wu remained silent, but he signaled for his army to stop.

Ouyang Shuo and his cavalries quickly surrounded the 300 war chariots once they came to a stop. Even so, the cavalries did not let their guards down and remained vigilant. In fact, they raised their bows and aimed at each and every one of the enemies in front of them, preventing them from doing anything stupid.

“Weapons on the ground, please!” said Ouyang Shuo in a threatening tone.

The surrounded soldiers could only look helplessly at their king with pale faces. King Wu did not dare to look into their eyes. He just looked down and gestured for them to do as Ouyang Shuo had demanded. With that, the soldiers threw their weapons onto the ground and stopped their resistance.

These people were now sheeps in a slaughterhouse. They waited to be slaughtered, leaving their fates in Ouyang Shuo’s hands.

Jiang Shang stood on the chariot without any fear, and he said courageously, “Your army and your skills decided that you are not an anonymous pawn! Tell me your name. Let me die knowing who defeated us.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded, and he walked out of his army with Lin Yi and a few other subordinates. Then, he said, “I am the player representative under the Shang dynasty, and my name is Qiyue Wuyi. I am here to take you as prisoners under the orders of the King of Shang! Stop your futile resistance at once!”

Jiang Shang was no ordinary person. Judging by Ouyang Shuo’s strange behavior, Jiang Shang could tell that he was plotting something. Otherwise, Ouyang Shuo could’ve just killed them all in a flash. Instead, he decided to ask them to yield instead.

Jiang Shang suddenly managed to keep his cool, and his heart started to pump at a calm rate. He said to himself that maybe there was still a chance and intentionally said, “Di Xin is a violent, greedy, and unethical king! He has wasted so much of the country’s resources on unnecessary aspects! Why is someone like you still willing to work for him?”

Ouyang Shuo smiled and said, “Tai Gong, you must be joking. After all, we are serving different kings.” Ouyang Shuo did not budge against Jiang Shang’s accusations, as they both served a different king. Because of this, their opinions were fated to be different.

Jiang Shang became speechless for a moment, and he realized that Ouyang Shuo was a man of determination, so he became straightforward with him and asked, “Then, what do you want? Since our lives are in your hands, why not just make things clear to us? Why are you still hesitating?”

Jiang Shang was indeed a true utilitarian. He was able to directly strike the main points

Ouyang Shuo saluted him and said, “The thing is, I came here for you, Tai Gong.”

“Oh? I’m just a dying old man. What an battle contribution for you to come for me,” replied Jiang Shang with barbed words.

“I am sure that Tai Gong knows that players like us will not be able to stay here for long. Wuyi admires Tai Gong’s wisdom and personality. Therefore, Wuyi hopes that Tai Gong will follow me back so that I can listen to your teachings every day,” said Ouyang Shuo, as he boldy revealed his intentions.

Jiang Shang remained determined and replied, “A loyal vassal will never serve two lords. Besides, you are an enemy to us.”

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and said, “Tai Gong, please don't reject me so fast. Perhaps, after listening to my conditions, you might change your mind.”

“Say no more. No matter what your conditions are, I will not yield!” said Jiang Shang without any sign of giving in.

Ouyang Shuo did not feel disappointed, as he had expected such a reaction. Jiang Shang only said these things because he wanted to fight for more benefits and rights. It is unlikely that he would not surrender at all. Ouyang Shuo continued, “What if my condition is that I’ll let King Wu escape alive if you joined me?”

Jiang Shang’s face immediately changed as King Wu was his weakness. He could die to atone his sins, but he could never let himself see the extinction of the bloodline of the western Zhou in front of him. If this happened, how could he still have the guts to face King Wen when he died?

“You are saying that if I yield and go with you, you will let King Wu go?” Jiang Shang confirmed again.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, “That’s right!”

“Then, how about the others?” Jiang Shang was definitely not satisfied with saving only King Wu.

Ouyang Shuo smirked coldly and said, “Tai Gong, letting King Wu run away alive is the most I can do. I still have to go back and receive the punishments of my king. Please don't force me to do it.”

As soon as Ouyang Shuo ended his speech, other than King Wu, the other people’s faces turned incredibly pale as if there was no more blood anymore. Without a doubt, Ouyang Shuo has already pronounced their deaths.

Jiang Shang remained quiet, and many thoughts ran around in his mind. He knew that Ouyang Shuo was not a soft-hearted man, “If that’s the case, I’ll promise you. However, I have already grown tired of all these things and have no intentions of becoming a vassal anymore. I’ll just stay hidden away from politics forever.”

The first half of his sentence made Ouyang Shuo excited, but the second half made Ouyang Shuo only able to bitterly smile. However, he did not feel frustrated. He knew that such a legendary historical figure was not so easy to recruit.

It would be a lie to say that the idea of recruiting Jiang Shang did not tempt Ouyang Shuo.

He chose another way of recruiting Jiang Shang in order to realize his wild wish. However, Gaia did not let his wild wish come true after all.

Ouyang Shuo sighed in his heart. In the end, there were still some gains no matter what. Even if he did not help Ouyang Shuo in anyway, as long as Jiang Shang agreed to settle down in Shanhai City, some other historical figures will be attracted to Shanhai City because of his influences. As for the other benefits, it would wholly depend on how Ouyang Shuo manipulated it.

“System notification: Congratulations to Qiyue Wuyi for successfully recruiting Jiang Shang. Due to the fact that Jiang Shang was forced, player does not fulfill all the requirements. Jiang Shang shall remain in the state of retirement.”

“System notification: Congratulations to Qiyue Wuyi for becoming the first player to recruit a legendary historical figure. 4,000 battle contribution points and 20,000 reputation points are awarded to him.”

This was an unexpected gain. Ouyang Shuo cleared away his unnecessary thoughts. He kept cool and ordered his men to isolate Jiang Shang’s chariot from the others. Ouyang Shuo was also worried that Jiang Shang’s old body might not be able to sustain the excessively bumpy conditions of the chariot.

As for the chariot of King Wu, Ouyang Shuo allowed it to be released, but King Wu refused to leave. He said loudly, “I cannot let myself get away by sacrificing my prime minister, my people, and my allies for my life! I refuse to yield and I will fight to death!”

Sadness started to spread around the surrounded soldiers and the hearts of everyone.

On his chariot, Jiang Shang bowed to his king and said, “My King! You must secure the royal bloodline inheritance of Zhou. This is your responsibility and your duty! Please do not let us down.”

King Wu lamented, “But without you, I can never achieve anything even if I manage to get back alive. What can I do without you?” The young King Wu suddenly felt clueless and perplexed about the Zhou dynasty’s future.

“In the country, you still have Zhou Gong. He can help you in many ways. My King, you shall never give up and you must restore the glory of the Zhou dynasty!” said Jiang Shang.

“My King! Please leave us here and get home safe!” all of a sudden, King Wu’s soldiers kneeled down and begged their king to escape and stay safe.

Although Ouyang Shuo couldn't stay emotionless about this scene right now, he could not do much about it. This was war and war had always been cruel and bloody. Besides, one must have the psychological preparation of losing if they ever started a war against someone.

King Wu let out a long sigh of lamentation and boarded his chariot. Then, he swiftly left.



* * *





Chapter 209




Chapter 209: TWO Chapter 209 - Battle of Muye (11)

Chapter 209 - Battle of Muye (11)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After King Wu left, a strong sense of despair clearly entangled those who were left behind.

“We fight to the death!” Some did not want to die without trying, so they picked up their weapons and decided to put up a fight before dying.

Meanwhile, along with Jiang Shang and his chariot, Ouyang Shuo had already left the battlefield. He asked Lin Yi to handle the rest. Emotionlessly, Lin Yi raised his hand to signal to the soldiers, “Fire!”

A tremendous arrow rain that seemed like it could blot out the entire sky instantly poured onto the surrounded enemies. After a brief moment, all the grieving shouts and scary moans stopped. None of them had survived. Then, Lin Yi asked his men to check on the bodies one by one to ensure that all of them were dead. If they were not dead, the soldiers were more than happy to deliver another fatal strike. Other than that, they also beheaded the enemies, covered it up, tied it to the back of the horses, and returned to Zhaoge. Di Xin had specifically ordered this.

Jiang Shang lamented on his chariot, as he heard the dying cries of his former soldiers.

At three in the afternoon, the party passed by Muye. At the same time, the main forces of Shang had returned to Zhaoge with their emperor, Di Xin. Therefore, Ouyang Shuo decided to not stop at Muye. Instead, he returned to Zhao Ge as fast as possible.

After arriving at Zhao Ge and meeting up with the other members of the Shanhai Alliance, Ouyang Shuo immediately rushed to the palace. He needed to make a report of the situation to Di Xin and claim his rewards at the same time.

Meanwhile, the Battle of Muye had officially ended, and the campaign announcement rang out.

“Campaign announcement: The Battle of Muye has ended. Congratulations to the Shang dynasty faction for successfully reversing the ending of history. Every player of this faction will be rewarded with 500 merit points. Shang dynasty faction player lords’ battle contribution points will be raised by an additional 50% based on the original value. Friendly tips: additionally awarded battle contribution points are not counted toward the campaign contribution value board.”

The way that Gaia awarded players was still very reasonable. It had awarded 500 merit points as a basic award to the players to ensure that everyone benefited. It also awarded additional battle contribution points to the player lords who had contributed more than anyone else. The more you contributed, the better the rewards, separating them from the normal players.

Lastly, the additional rewards that did not count toward the campaign contribution value board also ensured the fairness for both sides. This avoided scenarios where the losing side got stripped of their chances for getting listed on the campaign contribution value board.

“Campaign announcement: The Battle of Muye has ended. Now, players are now awarded additional rewards based on their contribution on pushing the momentum of the campaign, their contributions to their own faction, and other contributions.”

Right after that, another system notification rang beside Ouyang Shuo’s ears.

“System notification: Player Qiyue Wuyi, player representative of Shang dynasty. He contributed 100,000 crossbows to form up the crossbowmen division with the slaves. Ambushing the enemy players at the southern suburbs of Muye and destroying the enemy's command post. Effective battle commanding; pursuit of the remaining enemies; elimination of enemies that fled. With all these achievements, you are awarded 800,000 points of battle contribution points.”

A crucial point of their win

in the Battle of Muye was the forming of the slave crossbowmen division, and Ouyang Shuo had handled all of this. He managed to pull it off, and the forming of the crossbowmen had an even better result when compared to the Battle of Zhuolu.

In return, the additional battle contribution points awarded to Ouyang Shuo for this had reached the total of the points he gained in the Battle of Zhuolu. However, chances for special occasions like the Battle of MuYe were going to be hard to come by.

After assessing the contribution value of all the players, the final top 10 contribution list had also been confirmed and published.

【Position】

【Name】

【Battle Contribution Points】

【1st】

【Qiyue Wuyi】

【240,000 points】

【2nd】

【Bai Hua】

【 55,000 points】

【3rd】

【Feng Qiuhuang】

【50,000 points】

【4th】

【Mulan Yue】

【45,000 points】

【5th】

【Xunlong Dianxue】

【42,000 points】

【6th】

【Di Chen】

【40,000 points】

【7th】

【Siege Lion】

【32,000 points】

【8th】

【??】

【30,000 points】

【9th】

【Hua Huo】

【25,000 points】

【10th】

【Chun Shen Jun】

【15,000 points】

Shanhai Alliance had achieved another great victory again. Ouyang Shuo’s battle contribution points had an incredibly huge lead from the second place. After the final assessment, Ouyang Shuo had achieved 41,000 merit points, and this was before the addition of the 4,000 merit points he acquired by recruiting Jiang Shang.

Till then, Ouyang Shuo had achieved 85,800 merit points, reaching the title of 3rd-class marquis. He was just one step away from reaching the required points of 102,400 to advance and become a 2nd class marquis.

With the help of Zhang Liao, Bai Hua had once again managed to surpass Feng Qiuhuang and achieved the runner-up position. Also, with the points they had acquired, Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang had both managed to advance into 1st-class counts. This advancement raised their town to grade 3, sweeping away their obstacles in one shot.

Other than that, Mulan Yue skipped 3rd-class count directly and advanced into 2nd-class count. Mulan Yue’s main source of contribution in this campaign was from her general, Mu Guiying.

Xunlong Dianxue and Siege Lion had also advanced to 2nd and 3rd-class counts respectively. With these, the titles of all the Shanhai Alliance members had skyrocketed with the two campaigns.

However, those who had chosen the Zhou dynasty faction like Chun Shenjun had completely missed their chance to advance their title due to their losses in the Battle of Muye. As for their town level advancement, they would have to wait for a longer time or even until the next campaign. Whereas Di Chen managed to pull it off by obtaining 6,000+ merit points, but it was still not enough to advance to the next title.

The Battle of Muye had become an important turning point for all of these higher level players.

Lin Yi brought a cavalry squadron and escorted Ouyang Shuo into the palace. For Jiang Shang, in order to not attract the attention of the other lords, Ouyang Shuo arranged for him to stay outside of the city and had a cavalry squadron protect him.

After a few moments, Ouyang Shuo and his guards stopped somewhere near to the palace. An hour later, Wang Feng had returned with the elite guards and rejoined Ouyang Shuo and his party.

Then, Ouyang Shuo ordered Lin Yi to return back and hand over the rewards to the elite guards division. Lin Yi needed to lead the elite guards into the palace under the guidance of the palace guards.

Di Xin summoned and met Ouyang Shuo at the main hall. Without any further ado, Ouyang Shuo immediately asked the guards to present the heads of the alliance’s lords. Other than that, Wang Feng personally handed another head stored in a box to the palace guard.

When the palace guard took the box for examination, they saw the beheaded head of King Wu, which quietly laid in the box.

In truth, Ouyang Shuo did not want to let the rewards for killing King Wu slip away from his hands.

Therefore, even after he promised Jiang Shang that he would let King Wu leave safely, he had secretly ordered Wang Feng to head to the front through the small path and intercept the chariot of King Wu. Although this was really despicable, he did not regret his decision.

To be honest, Ouyang Shuo had still kept his promise with Jiang Shang. He had promised Jian Shang that he would let King Wu go, but he did not promise that he wouldn’t ask his men to chase after him.

When he saw the head of King Wu, Di Xin said happily, “Good, good, good! Well done, Qiyue Wuyi, well done! You did not let me down.”

Ouyang Shuo took this opportunity and said, “My king, I have one little request. Could you kindly grant it to me?”

“Speak!” said Di Xin. He was in a happy mood.

“Could you keep this as a secret temporarily? Not for long, just until I leave this place.”

“Why so?” said the confused Di Xin.

Ouyang Shuo said with embarrassment, “Jiang Shang has promised to follow me back to my place, so I do not wish for him to hear any news about the death of King Wu to prevent unnecessary events.”

As a very smart man, Di Xin quickly grasped the main point of this little demand of Ouyang Shuo. After all, all he had to do was just announce it one day later after Ouyang Shuo left, so it really was not a big deal at all.

“Alright, you have my promise on this,” said Di Xin directly. Then, he turned to E’Lai who, was standing at the side of the main hall and said, “I will keep my promise as well. From now on, I hand over General E’Lai to you, you must never fail him.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, “Thank you, my king!”

E’Lai immediately understood the situation. He walked to Ouyang Shuo and kneeled down on one knee. Then, he said, “I am yours to command, my lord!”

Ouyang Shuo saluted him and quickly asked him to get up, “Rise, my general.”

At the same time, a system notification rang in his ears.

“System notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for recruiting an emperor-level historical figure, E’Lai.”

Ouyang Shuo took a look at E’Lai’s stats.

【Name】：E’Lai（emperor-level）

【Dynasty】：Shang dynasty

【Identity】：Shanhai City General

【Occupation】：Special-class Officer

【Loyalty】：80 points

【Leadership】：75

【Strenth】：98

【Int】：50

【Politic】：25

【Specialty】：Power：increases party’s attack by 20% ；Evil Blood Aura：increases party’s morale by 40%；Earth Shaker：increases party’s defense by 20%

【Technique】：《Tiger Si Huang Jing》

【Equipment】：Bronze Armor

【Description】：Famous general of the Shang dynasty，Ancestor of the Qin dynasty，famous for his strength. He is able to wrestle with rhinos and brawl with tigers and bears.

Although he was a Special-class Officer just like Shi Wansui, he lacked proper equipment. But this did not matter anymore as Ouyang Shuo planned to craft better armor and weapons for him. Moreover, Ouyang Shuo planned to get him a proper ride in order to equip him with something good.

The rewards that Di Xin gave to Ouyang Shuo did not end here. Di Xin personally handed a damask pouch to Ouyang Shuo and said, “In this dynasty, we believe in gods and demons. We pray to them for protection. In this sack, there are five incense pills that comes from the condensations of our daily prayings. It is really precious, as it has an immense effect on all sorts of temples. I gift it to you now. Use it wisely.”

Di Xin’s words surprised Ouyang Shuo, as he did not expect that there would be such exceptional items when he came to accept his rewards.

Not only that, Di Xin continued, “Come, follow me. The final rewards I prepared for you are outside of the hall now.”

Ouyang Shuo followed Di Xin to the outside. He was very curious about the reward. What kind of reward requires one to head outside? In his mind, he guessed that the reward must be something that was extraordinarily big to be awarded to someone outside the hall.

As expected, Di Xin pointed to a huge bronze vessel and said, “Fan Ding, the symbol of power. I now grant you this to exalt your extraordinary achievements.”

Ouyang Shuo took a look at the vessel. This Ding appears to be in rectangular with four legs. It stood on the ground with a lid and two handles. On the body of Ding, were carvings of various godly animals that looked extremely realistic.

Although he did not know the usage of the vessel, it did not stop him from stowing it away. He bowed and thanked Di Xin for his generous rewards.

Then, Ouyang Shuo and his elite guards headed outside of the palace and his party joined him. After that, they teleported away through the portal.



* * *





Chapter 210




Chapter 210: TWO Chapter 210 - Battle of Muye (12)

Chapter 210 - Battle of Muye (12)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

When Ouyang Shuo walked out of the portal, a system notification rang beside his ear.

“System notification: The Battle of Muye has ended. Historical figures from Shang dynasty and Zhou dynasty will now be generated into the game’s progress. Players are now free to explore this.”

After that, another system notification quickly followed, and it shocked the entire world.

“World notice: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for becoming the first marquis in the world. The title of Lianzhou Marquis is specially granted to the player. The player is rewarded with 20,000 reputation points, and the capital city with jurisdiction over the player’s city will give them their rewards.”

Ouyang Shuo knew that Gaia would only reward the first 10 players that advanced to marquis with a special title. After the top 10, they would only get an ordinary title with no special title. Although the special title from Gaia had no extra benefits, it was still an honor that was enough to drive people crazy.

In the Alliance channel, Bai Hua and the others that had returned one step earlier than Ouyang Shuo congratulated him one by one.

“Oh my god, boss! You’re so cool! Another first in the world for you!” said Gong Chengshi with admiration.

“Wuyi Ge Ge, Lian Zhou Marquis by Gaia! You’re making us Lianzhou lords seem useless. Without prior knowledge, people will actually think that we are your vassals,” Mulan Hua complained about Gaia’s bias.

“Wuyi, when do you plan to raise your Shanhai City into Shanhai Prefecture? Please don’t go too far ahead of us,” said Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang jokingly.

“You two should work a little harder. I am sure that the two of you will have a chance if you work harder.” Both Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang were first class count. If they received massive gains in the next campaign scenario, there would be a very great chance for them.

“Thank you, but I still want to thank you for your help us in this campaign scenario,” said the smiling Bai Hua. She was clearly satisfied with the rewards from this campaign. Bai Hua knew that although Zhang Liao was way better than Lin Yi, Ouyang Shuo still asked Zhang Liao to help her. Hence, she really appreciated his help a lot.

“Yeah! There will always be achievements if we follow our alliance lord!” said Xunlong Dianxue.

“All hail our alliance lord!” said Gong Chengshi playfully.

Among all of them, only Feng Qiuhuang did not show much interest.

During the campaign, Ouyang Shuo had already informed Feng Qiuhuang about the information that Wufu divulged, and they had an in-depth discussion already. When Feng Qiuhuang learned about this news, she felt abandoned and extremely helpless for a moment.

Fortunately, Ouyang Shuo was there to calm her down. He told her that no matter what, she was still the lord of Fallen Phoenix Town and this was an unchangeable fact. Even if her clan members did not trust her anymore, if someone had to leave, it would definitely be her clan members and not her.

For this matter, Feng Qiuhuang was not fighting alone, as she had Shanhai Alliance’s full support.

With the comfort of Ouyang Shuo, Feng Qiuhuang managed to calm her emotions down. She had decided that after this campaign, she would confront her clan members. If they could not have a mutual trust, there was no need for them to be together anymore.

After a small celebration, Ouyang Shuo closed the alliance channel. He said that he was busy as an excuse.

spanA total of 3,000 men followed Ouyang Shuo into the campaign, and only 2,500 of them came back alive. The division that suffered the heaviest lost was naturally the mountain barbarian heavy infantries. They were the ones who stood firmly on the frontlines and fought directly with the enemies. Although they had the upper hand, in order to achieve something, one would always have to pay a price.

In the end, 300 were killed among the 1,000 heavy infantries.

Considering the special characteristics of these mountain barbarians, Ouyang Shuo ordered the Military Affairs Department to recruit the barbarians from Qiushui Town and Friendship Town into the Mixed Regiment. Whereas for the City Defense Division, they would recruit locals.

This move was actually Ouyang Shuo’s decision to declare the classifications of his army. Field operations like the Mixed Regiment and Vanguard Unit belonged in the first rank and had a higher position than the City Defense Division. The second rank included all parts of the City Defense Division, while the third rank belonged to the those like reserve army and the Langshan defense army that had no proper organization.

In the future, when the time was right, salary and equipment would also be dispatched according to the classification of Shanhai City’s army. Those who were in the first rank would have priority access to these supplies.

Then, Ouyang Shuo ordered all the army divisions to return to their own camp. After that, he brought Jiang Shang and E’Lai back to his lord’s hall.

On the way, Ouyang Shuo pointed to the schools in the city and explained the situation to Jiang Shang. Then, he tried asking Jiang Shang, “Tai Gong wants to live in seclusion, and I am absolutely fine with that. If you don’t mind, why not settle down in the school of the city? They have a peaceful and harmonious academic environment there. It is a perfect place for Tai Gong. What do you think?”

Ouyang Shuo suggested this because first of all, he wanted Jiang Shang to lecture in these schools and cultivate talented pupils for him. Second and last of all, he did not want Jiang Shang to settle in the forest outside of the city, as that would cut off all chances for Ouyang Shuo to recruit him.

However, Jiang Shang did not show much interest in this matter. He kept quiet and expressed no opinion about Ouyang Shuo’s suggestion. Luckily, upon returning to the main map, the game system had automatically corrected these historical figures. Therefore, like Fan Zhongyan and the others, Jiang Shang now had a deeper understanding of the game. He no longer limited himself to his own era, so he now has a wider view of all things. The rise and fall of a kingdom now had less impact on him too.

Ouyang Shuo did not feel dejected too. He brought the duo to the lord’s hall and ordered the secretary to ask all the division heads to come here as there were important guests.

After greeting each other, Ouyang Shuo asked Fan Zhongyan to entertain Jiang Shang. He also ordered Fan Zhongyan to bring Jiang Shang around the schools for a walk before deciding where to settle down.

“General E’Lai, what kind of weapon do you like to most?” asked Ouyang Shuo.

E’Lai happily smiled and said, “Other than dagger axes and spears, I’ve never tried any other weapons before.”

His words surprised Ouyan Shuo. Then, he suddenly remembered that in history, Dian Wei had used a pair of steel halberds. A halberd was the combination of dagger ax and spear. Come to think of it, maybe E’Lai would have no problem using halberds.

He quickly turned to the Ge Hongliang and said, “Director Ge, go to the Armory Division and ask them to craft General E’Lai a pair of halberds. Also, ask them to specially make armor for the general. Seek his opinions on both armor and weapons, make sure that the general has no problems using them.”

“Yes, my lord!” said Ge Hong Liang.

For E’Lai, Ouyang Shuo had already made some arrangements for him. However, it must be postponed until the expansion of the territory’s army. Hence, for the moment, Ouyang Shuo arranged for E’Lai to stay in the army camps in the city so that he could get used to the environment.

After arranging the duo, Ouyang Shuo finally had the chance to take a look at the items that Di Xin had awarded to him. He first took out the damask pouch and poured out an incense pill to check its stats.

【Incense Pill】: The condensation of daily prayers to gods and demons, Increases the temples’ incense upon usage.

Immediately, Ouyang Shuo associated this item with the hidden structure, Mazu Temple, that was still sealed away. He needed incense pills to break the seal on Mazu Temple.

Then, Ouyang Shuo got up and headed outside of the hall. He took out the vessel to take a look at its stats.



【Name】: Shang Ding ( Platinum Class)

【Stats】: Divine Protection (Increases the defense of territory by 20%), Supremacy (Increases the majesty of the lord by 20%), Omnidirectional Suppression (Increases the combat prowess of army by 20%).

【Description】: This is a high end Shang dynasty Fan Ding. A symbol of power and might, it can be used for rituals.

Ouyang Shuo sucked in a deep breath upon seeing this. He had never thought that this Shang dynasty vessel would be a platinum class item that had such incredible stats. Especially the Omnidirectional Suppression; increasing neither the attack nor the defense of the army but all aspects instead.

Until now, in terms of every aspect, Shanhai City’s army was already leading and way ahead of all the armies in the other territories. This made Ouyang Shuo extremely excited and happy.

In his mind, he planned to build an altar in front of the temple of the Yellow Emperor, Huang Di, to place the Shang dynasty vessel. Then, Ouyang Shuo put the vessel back into his inventory and headed over to the Mazu Temple in the north on his Qingfu warhorse.

The north gate’s drawbridge was now completely removed. A total of three stone arch bridges were also completed. Through the bridges, one could reach the north region, and if one looked ahead, he or she would be able to see the prosperity of the commercial streets.

The biggest theatres, taverns, and restaurants were all located in the commercial streets where there was a high level of competition. As for the woodworks and blacksmiths, they were no longer fit enough to remain in the commercial street. Instead, they were now placed in the inner circle of the commercial district.

The theatres had their own crews, as the game system generated all of them. According to Bing’er, the dramas played in the theatres were extremely good to watch. However, up until now, the poor Ouyang Shuo never had the chance to take a look at it.

The current commercial street included all sorts of service shops and became the place with the highest consumptions. Even in the night, the streets were still light up brightly, and high-density crowds still walk around it.

However, Ouyang Shuo naturally had no intention of taking a look and going shopping around the streets. He straightforwardly turned left and headed into the residential area.

Although quite some time had passed, the construction of residential areas that occupied the largest acres in the city had not even passed one-third of the progress. All the paths around the residential areas were layered with blue stones, and the paths separated the housing areas into different neighborhoods. In order to ease the management, the Administration Department had elected an individual as the head to represent a neighborhoods.

Mazu Temple was built on the riverbanks of the inner city river.

When Ouyang Shuo rushed to Mazhu Temple. The elite guards that followed him immediately blocked off all access to the temple, restricting people from entering. As for those who were inside the temples, the guards also nicely asked them to exit the temple.

This was not Ouyang Shuo trying to show off his power as the lord, but to keep the secret of the incense pills. These pills were not suitable to be seen by ordinary people.

Ouyang Shuo asked his guards to secure the temple entrance and headed inside himself. The Mazu Temple now had already expanded quite a numerous times. Its size was now five to six times its original size. The temple was also separated into three sections.

Ouyang Shuo walked to the front of the statue of Mazu and took out a pill. As expected, the system notification rang.

“System notification: Incense pills to break the seal of Mazu Temple have been detected on player Ouyang Shuo. Do you want to use it to lift the seal? Friendly tips: Maximum of one pill can only be used on the temple, repeated attempts will have no effects.”

“Yes, use it.”

The pill flew away from Ouyang Shuo’s palm and turned into a white ray. Then, it flew into the statue.

“System notification: After the enchantment of the pill, the power of the Mazu Temple has been greatly increased. Current progress of seal breaking is 60%.

Ouyang Shuo sighed. In the end, the seal could not be lifted away in one shot.



* * *





Chapter 211




Chapter 211: TWO Chapter 211 - Battle of Muye (13)

Chapter 211 - Battle of Muye (13)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

After leaving Mazu Temple, Ouyang Shuo headed toward the Chenghuang Temple and the Temple of Earth.

As he could only use the pills on Mazu Temple once, there were still four of them left now. Ouyang Shuo wanted to check and see what kind of effects these pills would have on the other temples too.

First, he arrived at the Chenghuang Temple. He took out a pill. As expected, the system notification rang again.

“System notification: Incense pills have been detected. Do you want to use it?”

“Yes, use it!”

In a flash, the pill turned into a ray of white light that entered the statue of the Chenghuang.

“System notification: Chenghuang’s statue has been enchanted by incense pills. The Chenghuang Temple has derived a special characteristic ——【Myriad Observation】(Decreases the crime rate of the territory by 30%).

Therefore, Ouyang Shuo concluded that these pills were used to derive special effects from temples. Then, he continued to the Temple of Earth and used another pill.

“System notification: God of Earth’s statue has been enchanted by incense pills. The Temple of Earth has derived a special characteristic ---【Prosper Harvest】(Increase the harvest of all crops by 10%).

Finally, Ouyang Shuo arrived at the Yellow Emperor, Huang Di’s, Temple. The result let Ouyang Shuo down, as the pills did not affect on the temple. Then, he guessed that:

1 - The temple had been set as the ancestral hall and needed to maintain its purity, causing the pills to have no affect on it or,

2 - The temple has been fully upgraded, leaving no room for further upgrades.

Again, Ouyang Shuo did not feel dejected. He stored the remaining two pills and planned to use it on the Temple of Literature and the Temple of Military that would appear when Shanhai City advanced to grade 3.

In the afternoon, the royal family sent an envoy to Shanhai City, representing the imperial court to officially confer Ouyang Shuo the title of Lianzhou Marquis. After receiving the notification, the Cultural Division immediately prepared the things needed to welcome the court messenger.

The envoy took out the royal edict. Under the lead of Ouyang Shuo, the generals and strategists of Shanhai City received the edict.

“Under the fortune of the emperor, player Qiyue Wuyi arrived in the wilderness. Appointed with huge hope and missions, he overcame obstacles, crushing the evil forces and achieving outstanding merits. Now, he is granted with the title of Lianzhou Marquis to show the emperor’s gratitude.”

“Thank you for the king’s gracious,” said Ouyang Shuo.

The rewards from the court contained four items.

The first was the seal of the Lianzhou Marquis. The seal shone with golden rays, and it weighed approximately 300 grams. On the top of the seal was the word ‘King (王)’ and on the bottom were the letterings Lianzhou Marquis.

The seal would replace the lord’s credential, and it became the personal credential for Ouyang Shuo.

The second item was the panorama map for the entire State of Lian. The map contained every single little detail, from rivers and hills to all sorts of resources like mines.

The gifting of this map to Ouyang Shuo did not mean that the entire state was now his fief. It could only be said that Ouyang Shuo had become the titular of the state.

The third item was the feudal lord robe. The robe was used for various occasions such as perfor

ming rituals.

The fourth item was the Dan Bow and Arrow that represented the Lianzhou Marquis authorization of conquest. In truth, it was just a bow and a red arrow. However, this meant that Ouyang Shuo was authorized to launch any campaigns within the State of Lian.

The above four items were the symbol of Ouyang Shuo’s title and the acknowledgment of his current position, which separated him from the other ordinary players. He became one very important lord in the wilderness.

Among these items, the map and the bow and arrow were immediately placed in the Yellow Emperor Temple for worship.

Other than these four items, the court also awarded Ouyang Shuo with silk, jewelry, gold, horses and a luxury carriage.

After awarding Ouyang Shuo, the court messenger accepted some money as tips from Xu Shuda. Then, the court messenger immediately returned to the court without any further ado. The court’s award to Ouyang Shuo had made the entire territory extremely happy and excited.

Ouyang Shuo ordered Zhi Su to store the rewards from the court in the storage of the lord’s hall. Then, he took a portion of the gold away and left some for the expenses of the lord’s hall.

By the time they finished dealing with these matters, it was already the evening. After his dinner with Bing’er, he returned to his room and continued his meditation. After migrating, meditating at every night had become Ouyang Shuo’s new habit.

Gaia 1st Year, 16th of the 8th Month, Shanhai City welcomed another advancement.

Ouyang Shuo walked into the meeting room and quietly said the command for territory advancement in his heart. After a white light flashed across the entire room, a golden stone heartstone rose up from the middle of the room. He placed his hands on the heartstone, and the system notification rang.

“System notification: Checking for the requirements for territory upgrade….”

“Requirement 1: Reaching the population limit of 50,000 people, requirement met!”

Because of the ‘lightning’ operation and the players who had settled down in the town, the population of Shanhai City had rapidly increased. It had met this requirement around a month ago.

“Requirement 2: Building all basic structures of the town, requirement met!”

The only problem for the grade 2 city was the chess clubhouse. However, this problem was solved when an elderly who loved chess in reality arrived in the town and temporarily took over the position of the dean of the chess clubhouse.

“Requirement 3: Reaching the title of 1st-class count, requirement met!”

God knows how many players were frustrated with the requirement of reaching 1st-class count. According to the reports, quite a number of cities like Danyang City, Red Blood City, and Handan City had reached the grade 2 city. Unfortunately for them, there was still an incredibly long way to go before they reached grade 3 city.

“System notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for meeting all requirements for advancing Shanhai City into a grade 3 city. Do you want to upgrade?”

“Yes, upgrade!”

On the heartstone, a ray of golden light rocketed upward upon his confirmation and exploded in the skies. Then, it transformed into a golden halo that spread through the entire territory before disappearing.

“System notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for becoming the first player to advance his city into a level 3 city. Now rewarding him with 2,200 merit points.”

“System notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for becoming the first player to advance his city into a level 3 city….”

“System notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for becoming the first player to…..”

It was a matter of course that Shanhai City would advance to grade 3, so this no longer attracted the interest of other players anymore. However, Ouyang Shuo’s title advancement to Lianzhou Marquis was still the most trending topic.

“System notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for advancing his territory into a grade 3 city, now randomly generating three grade 3 city basic structures. Please pick one as your reward.”

“System notification: The three random structures have been generated. They are the brothel, the watchtower, and the Temple of Military. Please choose wisely!”

“Choose the brothel!”

“System notification: The selected structure is now being generated. Player can view it at will now”

Another white light flashed across the room and the heartstone slowly sunk into the ground. Then, Ouyang Shuo checked the stats of Shanhai City.

【Territory】: Shanhai City (grade 3 city)

【Owner】: Qiyue Wuyi (3rd class marquis)

【Title】: World’s first city (Increases territory fame by 30%)

【Morale】: 95/100

【Security】: 94/100

【Territory population】: 50,000/100,000

【Refugee spawn time】: 300 per day

【Territory area 】:10,000 sq km

【Territory specialty】: …. (Omitted)

【Political index】: 68/100 (affects administrative efficiency, related to morale)

【Economy index】: 60.100 (affects prosperity of trading, related to tax)

【Cultural index】: 65/100 (affects education, related to residents character)

【Military index】: 60/100 (affects military power, related to stability)

【Affiliated territory】: Beihai City, Qiuhui City, Friendship City

List of basic structures :

【Brothel】: Place for adult entertainment. Requirements to build: Geisha, brothel’s building blueprint, 8,000 units of wood, 4,000 units of jade brick, 5,000 units of stone. Time to build: 10 days. (Note: The structure has been generated).

【Watchtower】: A watchtower that uses drum and bell to send out warnings. Requirements to build: Watchtower building blueprint, 8,000 units of wood, 8,000 units of jade brick, 10,000 units of stone. Time to build: 10 days.

【Temple of Literature】: A place for the worshipping of past generations of wise ministers and strategists. Requirements to build: Temple of Literature building blueprint, 8,000 units of wood, 8,000 units of jade brick, 4,000 units of stone. Time to build: 10 days.

【Temple of Military】: A place for the worshipping of past generations of mighty and powerful generals. Requirements to build: Temple of Military building blueprint, 8,000 units of wood, 8,000 units of jade brick, 4,000 units of stone. Time to build: 10 days.

【College】: Place for education. Requirements to build: College building blueprint, 10,000 units of wood, 10,000 units of jade brick, 8,000 units of stone. Time to build: 15 days. (Note: Similar structure Xinan University is present, cannot be built repeatedly).

Compared to a grade 2 city, a grade 3 city’s population limit and land occupied were doubled. According to the current refugee spawning time, it would take another 167 days to reach the limit of the current population.

Of course, in order to reach grade 1 prefecture, one would never succeed if they only met the basic requirements. Every time a territory wanted to advance from a village to a town, a town to a city, or a city to a prefecture, the territory would need to face a series of strict tests.

For example, to advance into a town from a village required the territory to meet certain numbers in its political, military, education, cultural and economic indices. To advance into a city from a town, the territory must have a certain point of defensive and military power. However, Ouyang Shuo had no idea about the requirements to advance a city to a prefecture yet.

Prefectures belonged to the category of higher ranked territory. Naturally, players would not post anything about the advancing requirements on the forums anymore. Therefore, as an adventurer-type player in his past life, Ouyang Shuo only knew a little bit of the entire picture.



* * *





Chapter 212




Chapter 212: TWO Chapter 212- Forcing the Emperor to Abdicate

Chapter 212- Forcing the Emperor to Abdicate

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

Out of the five basic buildings required for a grade 3 city, the brothel and the college had already been built. He still needed the clock tower, the Confucius Temple, and the Military Temple.

It had to be said that the brothel in the game centered around the entertainment value of the civil servants. The girls there were selling their art and not their bodies, so they were mostly singers and dancers.

For the building blueprints for grade 3 counties, each of them was sold for 1000 gold. As the market had already removed the function of buying blueprints, Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to send three thousand gold over to little aunt and ask her to purchase it for him. Then, she could send it over to him to save the 10% sales tax.

At this stage, basic buildings stopped being the bottleneck that prevented territories from upgrading.

While Ouyang Shuo was upgrading, he still paid attention to Di Chen and the others.

As expected, the upgrading of Shanhai City had once again provoked the other territories. That afternoon, Di Chen, Chun Shenjun, Zhan Lang, Feng Qingyang, Sha Pojun, and Wandering Magic announced the merger of Handan, Chunqiu, and Blood Metal Alliances, forming the Yanhuang Alliance.

The Yanhuang Alliance didn't have a leader—all seven of them shared the leadership. Just as Wufu had said, they excluded him from the alliance. Based on sources, if Xiaongba didn’t protect Wandering Magic, they would also remove her. As the old man had said, they needed to maintain the purity of the alliance.

Yanhuang Alliance had overtaken the Shanhai Alliance and became the top alliance in China. Compared to the Six Tyrants of Handan at the start of the game, their strength was stronger now. The name of the alliance showed their ambition. They wanted to be the flag of the Chinese players and be the leaders.

As the China region welcomed this huge change, many players—especially the lord mode players—didn't know what to do.

Bai Xiaoshen pointed out that the formation of the Yanhuang Alliance represented the splitting up of the rich and the commoner player groups. As the representatives of both parties, Yanhuang Alliance and Shanhai Alliance were bound to be enemies that fought to the death to be the leader of the China region.

His viewpoint had gained the agreement and acknowledgment of many players.

As for which party was stronger, it was hard for one to tell. Based on overall strength, the Yanhuang Alliance was stronger. But the existence of Shanhai City was a mountain that the Yanhuang Alliance couldn't overcome, enough to make up the difference in strength. After the migration, the position of Shanhai City had gained the recognition of everyone, and it was unassailable.

In two consecutive battles, Shanhai Alliance had won, and Di Chen had lost badly, which was the best indicator. Especially after Ouyang Shuo was named the Lianzhou Marquis and had reached a peak.

Many commoner players left messages in the country channel. They asked Qiyue Wuyi to come out to make a stand. He naturally wouldn't listen to such request. He wanted to fight, and the best way was to let the results do the talking.

What Ouyang Shuo didn't expect was the establishment of the Yanhuang Alliance to go against Shanhai Alliance.

Feng Qiuhuang panicked in the alliance channel, "Wuyi, my family is forcing me to leave the Shanhai Alliance to join the Yanhuang Alliance. They want me to give up my position as lord. The big bosses of the Yanhuang Alliance have all come."

Ouyang Shuo coldly laughed. Those fellow

s really thought that they could do anything that they wanted in the game? So arrogant. "Feng Wu, don't worry I'll teleport to Fallen Phoenix City straight away."

"Ok, I'll wait for you at the teleportation formation," Feng Qiuhuang heaved a sigh of relief.

Fallen Phoenix County, lord meeting hall.

Feng Qiuhuang suddenly stood up, "Let's stop for a while. I'll go receive someone before giving you an answer."

"Who are you receiving?" asked Feng Tianlie. This person was Feng Qiuhuang's brother.

Feng Qiuhuang didn't bother about him and said a simple sentence, "Qiyue Wuyi." Then, she turned and left the lord's manor.

It was like it had a certain magical element. The moment his name was mentioned, the hall fell silent. Especially the Feng clan members who remembered that Feng Qiuhuang had such a backer.

"Hei, isn't he just a stupid brat? See how you all are so scared," the one that spoke was a 60 year old man. He looked arrogant; he was Sha Pojun's Grandfather, Grandpa Dao.

"To be able to get such results, that brat should have some talent," Di Chen's Grandfather laughed as he said this. However, his words had a feeling of elitism.

After 10 minutes, Ouyang Shuo followed Feng Qiuhuang and walked into the meeting hall.

Ouyang Shuo looked around and judged the situation. Not only did all the people who ran the big powers come, even the younger generations like Di Chen had come and were sitting behind their elders.

Such a group, it seemed like they wouldn't stop till they got what they wanted.

Ouyang Shuo was imposing and had an awe-inspiring aura. Toward this group of people, he didn't feel scared at all, and he calmly sat down beside Feng Qiuhuang.

Earth online was a stage for common players to make legends. The earth had become a thing of the past, and the past glory had ended. A new planet, a new world. Who would rule that? Really, no one could tell.

"Brat why are you here?" Grandpa Dao said.

In truth, he wasn't as rash as he looked. He knew that if his side wanted to gain a footing, they needed to rely on other strong powers. Today was a good opportunity for him to act as a bad person to show his worth, so how could he miss it?

Ouyang Shuo's eyes turned frigid, as he looked toward Qiuhuang and asked, "This person is?"

Feng Qiuhuang looked at Grandpa Dao with disgust, "He's Sha Pojun's Grandfather, Grandpa Dao."

"Grandpa Dao. May I ask what are you here for? If I remember correctly, this isn't the Asura City that has just upgraded."

"Stupid brat. We are here to get justice for the Feng clan. Such a useless person like you, what right do you have to appear here?" Grandpa Dao didn't expect Ouyang Shuo to not care about his status and fumed.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and looked around. Then, he said to the older generation, "I am the Shanhai Alliance leader, you people have invaded Fallen Phoenix City. Naturally, I must step up. On a personal level, Feng Wu is my friend, and I can't sit aside and watch her get bullied. Hence, I have more right to be here than any of you present. What do you say, Grandpa Dao?"

Grandpa Dao was stunned, and he didn't know what to say.

"Qiyue Wuyi, this is our family matter. You are an outsider, so please don't step in," a member of the Feng Clan tried to help Grandpa Dao get out of this embarrassing situation.

"Since it's a family matter, what's up with all of them?" Ouyang Shuo pointed at Grandpa Dao.

"They are friends of the Feng Clan. Naturally, they can appear here."

Feng Qiuhuang couldn't take it much longer and bluntly said, "Wuyi is also my friend. And since you all pushed me to this step, it means that you all didn't see me as a member of the Feng Clan. I, Feng Wu, officially announce that I'll leave the family and I have nothing to do with the Feng Clan from this day on."

"You, you this rebellious child!" Grandpa Feng was furious.

Ouyang Shuo remained silent; her decision was something he had expected. This strong woman that her family distrusted had waited for such a day, driving her to seize the chance and make the bold move of directly contacting Ouyang Shuo.

Feng Qiuhuang didn't bother about their scoldings and continued, "And also, Qiyue Wuyi has the right to represent me."

To play the long game with this bunch of old men, Ouyang Shuo didn't have the confidence, so he decided to be quick to prevent trouble, "'ll make it clear. Not only will the Fallen Phoenix City not leave the alliance, Feng Wu will also not let go of her position. One cannot deny how much she contributed to this city. Enough talk. What compensation do you want before you agree to leave Fallen Phoenix City? Say it straight and stop wasting time."

"Young man, you dare to utter such big words?" Grandpa Feng was still furious.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, "Grandpa I'm not talking on impulse. The Feng Clan splitting up is bound to happen. To put it bluntly, if she isn't willing to give up her lordship, there's also nothing you can do. Don't think that the Yanhuang Alliance can really rule the whole of China."

"What? Are you challenging us?" Di Chen's Grandfather couldn't help but retort.

Ouyang Shuo coldly laughed, "I could make you lose all your forces in the Battle of Muye. I can do it again. Old grandpa, this isn't Earth. One must speak with strength."

"Young man, don't be too arrogant. A little victory doesn't mean anything," Di Chen's Grandfather was still angry about the defeat at the Battle of Muye. At such a moment, he couldn't back down.

"Speak your conditions," Ouyang Shuo didn't care about the war of words.

Grandpa Feng looked at the others and said, "if you want us to leave, it's simple. Give us a one-time payment of 50 thousand gold for us to use to build a new territory."

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, "Grandpa I hope you guys use some sincerity. For Fallen Phoenix City to have this day, it is all because of Feng Wu. To put it bluntly, the only thing you all did was give her a silver village creation token."

"You, are speaking nonsense." After Ouyang Shuo exposed him, the Grandpa Feng became embarrassed and angry.

Ouyang Shuo continued, "Last offer, 20 thousand."

They were actually very happy with this price. In truth, the various powers had prepared a backup for the Feng Clan. They had promised to provide them with a black iron village creation token.

Hence, for them to build a new territory, what they lacked was money. And 20 thousand was enough to upgrade one to the city level.

"21 thousand and it must be paid upfront." These words were typical bargaining.

Ouyang Shuo looked at Feng Qiuhuang and knew that this was already the best outcome, "Deal, I'll pay you 10 thousand first. As for the rest, I'll pay it when you all leave."

"Good!"



* * *





Chapter 213




Chapter 213: TWO Chapter 213-Nirvana

Chapter 213-Nirvana



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora



Three days later, the whole situation with the Feng Clan finally came to an end.

The Yanhuang Alliance provided a black iron rank village creation token to Feng Wu's brother—Feng Tianlie. This action allowed him to set up the Fengxiang Village. All of the clan members who lived in Fallen Phoenix City left and moved over to Fengxiang Village.

Out of the core members, apart from Feng Qiuhuang's best friend, Qing Luan, the families of the rest like Zhu Que, Hei Tian'er and Xueyan, forced them to move over. After Ouyang Shuo learned of this news, he removed the three of them from the alliance channel.

The moment Feng Tianlie created Fengxiang Village, the Yanhuang Alliance took it in right away as a new member.

In a moment, the Fallen Phoenix City had lost a lot, losing 10 thousand of men, which caused the territory to enter a half-handicapped state. They also owed Shanhai City a huge debt now.

To gather enough cash, Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to gather the profits from the first half of the 8th month. The 8,500 gold that he had, in addition to the 14,000 gold from before, totaled of 22.5 thousand gold.

Ouyang Shuo loaned 20 thousand gold to Feng Qinhuang. Naturally, this sum was paid through the Four Seas Bank branch in Fallen Phoenix City.

This 20 thousand gold had a loan length of two years. Each month would add interest, and she would have to pay 1,418 gold. This was same the treatment as Xunlong City. The gold that was paid every month would automatically be placed in the Four Seas Bank's funds to be further loaned out.

With such a method, Fallen Phoenix City and Xunlong City could both borrow the funds they paid back to build their territory. The price they paid would be the Four Seas Bank slowly controlling their economic ability.

After sending off the last batch of players, Ouyang Shuo stood beside her. Strangely, she did not look sad. Instead, she had a look of relief and freedom.

Looking at the setting sun, she suddenly turned around and revealed a bright smile toward Ouyang Shuo. That smile contained the look of a finally liberated girl with a new lease of life.

In an instant, Ouyang Shuo saw the proud phoenix rise from the ashes as if it had undergone a nirvana rebirth.

In that instant, he finally heaved a sigh of relief.

"Aiyo, why do I feel like I'm being used?" Ouyang Shuo pretended to be unhappy.

Feng Qiuhuang turned around, “You're a man, so don't bother about such small details. I'll repay you."

"How will you repay me?"

"How about I give you myself?"

"Cough cough," Ouyang Shuo choked and said in embarrassment, "Big miss, please don't make this kind of joke. You will scare people to death."

"Why? Are you feeling guilty? Relax, I won't tell Song Jia," Feng Qiuhuang laughed.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, “Stop! How are we even going to continue as friends if you act like this?"

"Aish, do I really have no charm?" Feng Qiuhuang was originally just joking, but her pride took a hit when she saw his reaction. In such areas, girls were quite sensitive.

Ouyang Shuo raised his hand and surrendered, “You fans will kill me if I dared to say that the top beauty in China has no charm."

Ouyang Shuo said this because not long ago, China’s top 10 beauties leaderboard was released and it gained much recognition and agreement.

Feng Qiuhuang, who took first place, gained many new fans in an instant.

She giggled

, “It is good that you know."

As Ouyang Shuo left, Feng Qiuhuang shouted from behind him, “Wuyi, thank you!" Ouyang Shuo didn't turn around and simply waved his hand. He turned into a white light, as he disappeared from the teleportation formation.

"Sister, Qiyue Wuyi is a total blockhead. He actually didn't care about your charms," Qing Luan was fighting for her Sister. While the two talked, she had stood at the side and listened on.

Feng Qiuhuang shook her head, “It seems like he's a loyal guy. You didn't join in the Battle of Muye, so you haven't seen his girlfriend, Song Jia,she's also a total beauty." There was a tinge of loneliness to her voice. What woman didn't hold a little thirst?

……

Handan City.

"Grandpa I don't understand."

"What don't you understand?"

"I don't understand why we let Fallen Phoenix City off so lightly. Couldn’t we have extorted more from Shanhai Alliance?"

"Do you think that it was not enough?"

"Of course it's not enough. They spent 20 thousand on a silver village creation token and had used it for half a year, so it's worth it. How can it be considered crushing them?"

"Ah, you only look at the surface. Didn't you see that the price of grain on the market has started to soar and that the grain in the territory granary is about to run out?" Di Chen's Grandfather looked at him with a little disappointment.

"Grandpa, your meaning is?"

"20 thousand gold is not a small sum. Even if Shanhai City has so much money, this amount is probably all the movable gold they have on hand. Their population is the highest in China, so they require the most grain. Once the grain prices rise, and he doesn't have enough money, what can he do?"

Di Chen understood and sucked up to his grandfather, “You understood everything!"

……

After Ouyang Shuo returned to the territory, he ordered a military meeting.

He said straightforwardly, “As the territory upgraded again, the main camp population has broken 50 thousand. We have the ability to expand the military once again."

As for expanding the military, the various leaders didn't have an issue. Shanhai City's last expansion was three months ago when the territory became a grade 1 City. At the grade 2 City level, it didn't have any large scale changes. Hence, now would be a right time to expand the military.

Based on his reasoning, he wanted to reorganize the military structure once and for all to prevent constant restructuring, which would affect fighting strength and morale.

Ouyang Shuo swept across the room and said, “I've decided to officially build the first division. There will be five regiments and a brigade under it, so a total of 13.5 thousand men."

They were shocked, as they didn't expect their lord to initiate such a huge change. One must know that Shanhai City only had a Mixed Regiment now. It was a large leap to directly add four regiments and one brigade.

Military Affairs Department Ge Hongliang bit the bullet and said, “Sire, based on the population of Shanhai Alliance, it's not enough to have a division. Shouldn't we just build one or two regiments first before building a division when the time is right?"

Ouyang Shuo shook his head “Director Ge, please relax. We don’t have to fully complete the building of the division straight away. If nothing goes wrong, we will focus on the first division at the city stage.

Ouyang Shuo's words cleared all their doubts. A grade 3 City had a population of 100 thousand. With the addition of the affiliate territories, if was enough for a division.

After they came to a common understanding, Ouyang Shuo announced the organization of the military, “The Mixed Regiment at the west camp in the city will become the first regiment of the division, and Shi Wanshui will continue to be the colonel. The vanguard unit in the north camp will have an additional two cavalry units and form the second regiment."

"Lin Yi!"

"Present!" Lin Yi stood out.

"I appoint you as the colonel of the second regiment. You are in charge of its building."

Although he had an inkling he might be chosen, Lin Yi still very emotional after Ouyang Shuo appointed him as a colonel, “Thank you, sire. I won't let you down!" A colonel needed an intermediate general, so Lin Yi fitted the bill.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and continued, “At the east side of Qiushui City, set up the east camp. They’ll be in charge of the east defense and the fitting of the territory. Similarly, the east camp will form the 3rd regiment and the arrangements of the units will be similar to that of the east side. They will have two heavy infantry units, one cavalry unit, one spearmen unit, and one archer unit. The original Qiushui cavalry unit will be in this third regiment and be its third unit.”

In truth, when setting up the Qiushui cavalry unit, he had already created the groundwork for the east camp. At the start, he had separated the cavalry unit from the Qiushui City city protection unit and belonged to a fighting unit.

Ouyang Shuo turned around and looked E’Lai, who was attending a military meeting for the first time. Ouyang Shuo smiled and said, “General E’Lai, you will be the colonel of the third regiment and the General of the east camp."

"Yes, sire!" E’Lai stepped up and bowed.

No one disagreed with his appointment, so his fame was evident.

"Because of the uniqueness of the heavy armored infantry, we must choose elite mountain barbarian soldiers. Hence, the 3rd regiment can only choose from the reserve squad to build a spearmen and archer unit. The two heavy armored infantry units will be temporarily delayed. When the time is right, they will be built." E’Lai had just arrived at Shanhai City, so he didn't understand the situation too well. Ouyang Shuo felt that E’Lai needed an explanation.

E'Lai nodded and expressed that he understood.

"As for the 4th and 5th regiments, they are temporarily pushed back and won't be built in the near future," Ouyang Shuo said helplessly. The lack of intermediate generals made him powerless, and no one else could take up the role of colonel. He looked around and said solemnly, “Now I'll promise all of you something. The general that can reach intermediate rank will be appointed colonel. May all of you work hard. Don't disappoint me."

Zhao Sihu and the others revealed shame on their faces. Being unable to help their lord was the same as not doing their job.

Ouyang Shuo continued, “I will temporarily take the role of major General. The lord's guards will be upgraded to the guards unit, and Wang Feng will be their major," Ouyang Shuo looked over to him, "Wang Feng!"

"Present!"

"Although the guards unit needs to expand, the standards must not drop. I don't expect you to do so straight away, but try to extract the essence and the elite. Do you understand?" Ouyang Shuo didn't want the trump card in his hand to be weakened because of the expansion.

"Understood!" Wang Feng said solemnly.



* * *





Chapter 214




Chapter 214 - Luosha

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After he finished announcing the reorganization of the Shanhai County 1st division, he continued his military expansion plan.

He looked toward Pei Donglai and said, "Beihai Naval fleet will expand two units and reach the organization of a regiment. The colonel role will be handed over to you."

"Yes sire." Pei Donglai knew that the goal of expanding the naval fleet was to attack the pirates on Yue'er Island.

"General Wang!"

"Present!" Wang Yuanfeng stepped out.

"The god machine unit will expand an additional unit. At the same time, the general must guide the affiliate territories to at least have a crossbowmen squadron to help the city protection unit." Ouyang Shuo planned to place arcuballistas in the affiliate territories.

"Yes sire!"

With that, the new round of expansion of Shanhai County had ended. The new addition of 2 cavalry units for the 2nd regiment, the spearmen, archer units of the 3rd regiment, and the 2 units of the Beihai naval fleet, 1 unit for the god machine unit, and the cost for class change was 3250 gold.

Ouyang Shuo had only 2250 gold on hand and had a 1000 gold shortfall. It was 10 days until the end of the month, and to use profits from the territory was too late. This sum could only be obtained from raiders.

Ouyang Shuo ordered the 3rd regiment to be the priority, followed by the Beihai Naval Fleet and the god machine unit, while the 2nd regiment would be pushed back. At the same time, the 1st and 3rd regiments would be in charge of the east and west exterminations of raiders.

Considering that the 3rd regiment was just built and the organization wasn't complete, Ouyang Shuo made the 3 city protection units to help them, appointing Shanhai County protection unit major Zhao Sihu as the temporary deputy of the Eastern camp.

As for the 2nd regiment, they were positioned at the north camp and couldn't quickly be moved. The situation in the plains was more and more intense. Friendship County's trading market was also becoming famous, and the trades had been doubling and proliferating. It was because of that that it needed the 2nd regiment to prevent the tribes from having other thoughts.

Ouyang Shuo's strategy towards the plains was to wait, see, and adapt to changes.

After ending the military meeting, Er’lai was the only one that stayed.

This general was wearing the Buren armor that the Armory Division had made for him; on his back was a halberd made of elite iron. Compared to his look in the Battle of Muye, he looked fiercer and more powerful.

"General, what issue do you have?" Ouyang Shuo asked.

Er’lai laughed and said in embarrassment, "Sire, I saw a horse and was wondering if sire was willing to gift it to me."

Ouyang Shuo froze. "Didn't the Military Affairs Department assign you an elite Qingfu horse? Is general not pleased with that horse?"

"That's not it." Er’lai shook his head. "A few days ago when I was walking around the territory I saw a pair of beasts and instantly adored them."

Ouyang Shuo didn't know whether to laugh or cry. "The beasts you refer to are they the Nian beasts?"

"Yes yes yes, it's the Nian beast. Director Zhu told me that it was you that tamed it."

In truth, the 2 Nian beasts had already stayed in Shanhai County for half a year. Last month, they gave birth to a pair of baby beasts, one male, and one female. On the surface, they were different from the Nian beast, slowly starting to awaken the bloodline of the qilin, looking similar to the qilin of legends.

The newly born beasts became Bing'er's playmates. She often ran to the back mountains to play with them. It was weird that the fierce Nian beasts were caring and gentle with her.

Sometimes, the pair were willing to follow Bing'er outside the territory to the plains. This made it that other than Xue'er and Blackfang, there was a new pair of little beasts following her around.

All the kids in the territory including Er Wazi worshiped Bing'er. Bing'er had now become the queen of Shanhai County, having a bunch of little followers.

Now for Er’lai to suddenly raise up the topic to Ouyang Shuo to pick the Nian beasts as mounts made Ouyang Shuo very curious. "General, can you tame the Nian beasts?"

Er’lai laughed. "As long as sire agrees, I have 90% confidence."

"Ok, I agree." Ouyang Shuo decided to let Er’lai try.

Ouyang Shuo was thinking that instead of letting the Nian beasts spend their days on the back mountain, why not do something purposeful like fight and battle? As long as the baby beasts were there, the specialty and buffs that the beasts brought wouldn't disappear.

Er’lai had good taste. If he were able to take them, they would be much better than elite Qingfu horses. They also brought two such strong skills.

As he was very curious, Ouyang Shuo got up and brought Er’lai towards the back mountains.

After rushing there, the Nian beast family was having their meal and enjoying the feast that the Resource Division had sent them.

Under Ouyang Shuo's permission, Er’lai slowly walked towards the Nian beast. He chose the fiercer and stronger male beast. Seeing him get close, he looked alert and unhappy that it was disturbing his meal, roaring as a warning.

Ouyang Shuo took the chance to cancel the contract with the Nian beast to allow Er’lai to tame it.

"System Notification: Player Qiyue Wuyi has canceled the contract with the Nian beast, as it has given birth in Shanhai County, it still is the protector beast of Shanhai County."

The moment Ouyang Shuo broke the contract, anger swept across its eyes, but when it looked at the two baby beasts, it's fierceness disappeared. It was evident that the Nian beast had regained its fierce and brutal personality.

"Nian~" it roared out again, this time appearing more anxious.

Er’lai didn't have any fear and made a brutal expression, staring straight at it before making wild beast shouts, seemingly communicating with it.

This seemed like the method Er’lai was going to use to take it. In legends, Er’lai could capture tigers and leopards alive.

Being challenged by Er’lai, it appeared more restless. It was initially sitting down, but now it stood up, its tail straight up as it took an attacking stance. It roared towards Er’lai, revealing its sharp teeth.

Er’lai didn't retreat and instead advanced, his hands moved like lighting and grabbed onto both horns, he head-butted the Nian beast, wanting to compete with the beast in strength.

The Nian beast was part of a small number of fierce beasts so how could it take such a challenge? Especially its horns which were signs of pride. It buried its limbs on the ground and forced its head forward, wanting to pierce Er’lai with its horns.

Unexpectedly, although the Nian beast was strong, Er’lai wasn't much weaker. He stepped onto the ground, the enormous strength causing him to sink down but not slip backward. Ouyang Shuo predicted that Er’lai was using some technique to change the direction of the power forcefully.

It didn't expect Er’lai’s adaptation. The Nian beast didn't expect the human in front of it to be so strong to be able to compete with it. This provoked it even more as it roared and roared, its strength increasing. Er’lai's legs could visibility be seen to sink down.

Luckily at the crucial moment, he used his strength to jump out from the ground and do a somersault. Grabbing onto the horns of the Nian beast and changing positions, his body turned mid-air and he landed, sitting on the back of the Nian beast.

How could the Nian beast take such humiliation? It immediately jumped and flung itself right and left trying to get Er’lai off its back.

Unfortunately, Er’lai stuck onto its body like glue, and no matter how it struggled, it couldn't get him off. Seeing Er’lai's movement, Ouyang Shuo was reminded that the Bajiquan’s laying on the mountain looked very similar.

What followed was a battle of attrition.

The Nian beast, with its back facing Er’lai, was running around in the back mountain, struggling with all its might. Before it reached its goal it wouldn't stop. Sometimes, it even bumped into the trees and flung itself onto a rock.

Unfortunately, although Er’lai was injured, he wouldn't let go and stuck to its back.

Two hours later, the intense workout had ended. What was worse was that the Nian beast had just eaten and such jumping around made it feel very uncomfortable.

In truth, Er’lai was already at his max and was relying purely on resilience.

At the crucial moment, Er’lai's knowledge and experience came into play. He knew that the Nian beast had recognized his ability and as long as it gave him a chance, it would be able to be tamed.

Er Lai released his grip on the right horn and softly rubbed its head saying, "Nian beast, you are so strong and so fast but have to stay on such a small mountain. I, Er’lai, cannot bear to see you like this. Why don’t you follow me to war?"

The Nian beasts were very smart and could understand human words. Hence, after listening to his words, the Nian beast stop struggling.

Seeing the situation, Er’lai was delighted, patting its head. "Okay, from today onwards you will be called Luosha. Together we will rule the battlefields."

"Nian~" The beast gave out a high-pitched roar.

Er’lai seemed like he could understand what it meant and was elated.

Ouyang Shuo stood to the side and smiled. He couldn't imagine how majestic it would look for Er’lai to ride Luosha on the battlefield, giving the enemies so many nightmares.

Riding on the Nian beast, Er’lai rushed over to Ouyang Shuo's side and jumped off, saying excitedly, "Thank you sire!"

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "Congratulations general, for getting a good mount. The Armory Division will help build a set of armor for Luosha in order to protect it."

"Thank you, sire!" Er’lai was really on cloud nine.



* * *





Chapter 215




Chapter 215-216

Chapter 215- Acceptance



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After E'Lai tamed the Nian beast, they left the back mountains and went towards the Military Affairs Department. In the next week, he would finish the construction of the Eastern camp and the 3rd regiment. Ouyang Shuo had already given the appointments of various majors to E'Lai and Ge Hongliang.

In the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo called the director of Internal Affairs Tian Wenjing into his office to discuss about the mountain barbarians.

Ouyang Shuo invited him to sit. "The military is expanding, so we need many elite mountain barbarian warriors to build the heavy armored infantry units. However the nearby mountain barbarian tribes have been used up. Based on how I see it, we need to travel farther into the mountains to get their trust. The mountain barbarians are important assets, and our policy must be maintained.

Tian Wenjing nodded and said, "I understand sire's meaning. Tomorrow, I will rush to Xuanniao tribe and ask them to act as a middleman to help us visit the various tribes and pass gifts to show our sincerity."

Seeing Tian Wenjing really understand what he wanted, Ouyang Shuo was touched. "It's been tough on you."

After that, both of them discussed specifics of the operation until 5 PM before ending the conversation. One could see how much focus and importance he placed on the mountain barbarians.

……

8th month, 21st day

Receiving Ouyang Shuo's invitation, Song Jia and Song Wen came to Shanhai City.

The Battle of Muye let Song Wen feel Ouyang Shuo's strength and influence. When he went home, he thought about it and decided to personally follow his sister here to discuss further cooperation.

Ouyang Shuo didn't hold any grand welcoming ceremony, and just brought them directly back to the lord's manor.

One the way back, although Song Jia was curious about Shanhai City, she didn't ask. During this visit, she had already decided to move over.

The meeting room was arranged based on rank and power so it was good to welcome guests there. He brought both of them to the guest room, and a servant brought them drinks before going away.

"Brother Song must stay here for a few days and allow me to show you around." Ouyang Shuo laughed.

Song Wen laughed. "Since you asked, I can't decline." He took a mouthful of the tea, and his eyes brightened as he exclaimed, "Good tea!"

"I didn't expect brother Song to know about tea, unlike me."

Song Wen waved him off. "I don't know anything about tea. It's old grandpa Song who often drank tea at home so he would drag me along, and after a while I learned a bit."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "Since it's like this, before brother Song leaves, can you bring some tea leaves for grandpa Song? It also counts as a little gift from me. This tea is called white tea and is a famous tea in Guangxi. We managed to find a wild tea garden nearby to make such a tea."

"Thank you. My grandpa treats tea like his life. It's so hard to find good tea here. To find something like this, he had been nagging at me. This is such a huge favor." Song Wen was delighted.

Song Wen was the heir to the family, so his business skills and interpersonal skills were great. During the Battle of Muye, he had developed a friendship with Gong Chengshi and Xunlong Dianxue. His motive was to remove the distance and the obstacles between them and Tianshuang Town to allow them to join the Shanhai Alliance.

His actions actually worked. After the battle, Ouyang Shuo discussed with them through the alliance channel about Tianshuang Town and didn't face any obstacles.

In addition to the fact that they were going to accept Wufu, Ouyang Shuo wanted to suggest to invite Tianshuang Town at the same time. As expected, they were both approved.

And that was thus the reason for this trip.

After accepting Wanshi Town and Tianshuang Town, Shanhai Allaince now had 8 members, the same as Yanhuang Alliance.

Yanhuang Alliance's actions were what made Ouyang Shuo decide to accept the 2 new territories.

Of course before officially accepting Wufu, Ouyang Shuo did some investigations.

If he was a spy sent by Di Chen, then they would be in a lot of trouble.

The results of the investigation made him less worried. Combining the results with what he remembered in his last life when Wufu didn't join any camp, only then did he totally not worry.

Song Wen's visit obviously wasn't to reminisce about the past. During the Battle of Muye, he understood that Ouyang Shuo liked to build branches of the Four Seas Bank in his allies' territories.

Before he came, he had discussed about this matter with his father and grandfather. They all came to an agreement that for Tianshuang Town to achieve their goals, they needed to rely on others.

What they worried about was whether Shanhai City had enough money to support so many branches running at the same time.

Especially with the situation with Fallen Phoenix City, forcing Ouyang Shuo to pay 20 thousand gold. Hence, Song Wen wanted to investigate some things.

In truth, just as he feared, Shanhai City's finances were very tight, and even the money needed to expand the money was only obtained from raiders.

However, all this was temporary. As long as Ouyang Shuo sold the grain that he had accumulated, he would be able to get large amounts of cash and support the expansion of the Four Seas Bank.

To let Song Wen relax and not worry, Ouyang Shuo revealed the Langshan mines to him. Upon hearing that Shanhai City had such a gold mine, Song Wen heaved a sigh of relief.

Seeing the two of them decide official matters, Song Jia was restless.

Ouyang Shuo naturally saw her being bored, shaking his head in amusement and calling for the servant.

"Sire!"

"Invite third Miss here, and tell her that we have an important guest."

"Yes!"

A while later, Bing'er followed behind the servant and walked in. "Brother, who came?"

Ouyang Shuo waved to Bing'er. "Baby, bring sister Song Jia to walk around the city okay?"

It has been close to 3 months that Bing'er had stayed here and had long became a local. With her being Song Jia's guide, it was more than suitable. Song Jia knew that Ouyang Shuo had a sister and that he treated her like a treasure, just that she didn't have a chance to see her.

To be able to see her today, she was so cute and well behaved, making Song Jia adore her straight away. Seeing her expression, Ouyang Shuo couldn't help but shake his head. Be it her, Sun Xiaoyue, or little aunt, they all couldn't resist her charm.

Bing'er agreed and said sweetly, "Beautiful sister lets go, Bing'er will bring you to play. The territory has so many fun places and Bing'er knows them all."

Her words made Song Jia swoon. She didn't care about Song Wen and Ouyang Shuo, walking with Bing'er out of the guest room.

Ouyang Shuo looked at Song Wen and both of them laughed out loud.

Although he had came into contact with Song Wen many times, Ouyang Shuo still felt that Song Wen had the aura of a prince. In addition to the thing with Song Jia, Ouyang Shuo didn't hide anything and told him all about what he learned during the territory building.

In truth, how to manage residents, building industries, government structures and finance policies, Song Wen didn't need any tips. The Song family's financial group obviously had people to help him. What he needed was how to make use of the main territory to help the affiliate territories, and how to hold resident events to raise the cultural index, etc.

Of course if Ouyang Shuo could tell him how to open up financial channels, that would be good.

Unfortunately the Beimu saltpans was the highest secret of Shanhai City, so Ouyang Shuo wouldn't reveal it. Additionally, Tianshuang Town wasn't close to the sea so there was no use telling him.

Ouyang Shuo didn't forget to remind him to pay attention to grain prices. As a business family, they were very sensitive to market prices. Unfortunately they weren't familiar with the game and so they couldn't predict the change in grain prices through analyzing the entire Chinese region.

After hearing his analysis, his expression got serious. In truth, someone had already reported about it to Song Wen. Recently, the prices

prices of grain of the market increased slightly. As it was a slight increase, however, he didn't pay much attention to it. Only after hearing Ouyang Shuo say it did he find that it was actually very serious.

When Song Wen bought Tianshuang Village, it was already the end of the 3rd month. When he just received it, he didn't know anything and was busy getting familiar with it. Hence, he didn't pay attention to small things like agriculture land reclamation. Waiting until Qingming festival to plant their first season of crops was already too late.

Hence, they got most of their grain from the market while producing very small amounts. As their territory population was low, it wasn't much of an issue. Ever since they rose to a town, and also built affiliate territories, the population increased, making them feel a little pressure.

On that day, to hear Ouyang Shuo say that the prices of grain was going to increase, Tianshuang Town's small financial income wouldn't be enough to sustain it.

Luckily, Tianshuang Town and agreed with Shanhai City to open a branch of the Four Seas Bank, and both agreed to open operations by the end of the 8th month with a starting sum of 4000 gold.

The both of them didn't only talk about territory matters and also talked about fun things in life. During the casual conversation, they also talked about some interesting and embarrassing things about Song Jia, making them burst out in laughter.

*Ps, OR, alternatively, you can also,Support and vote for us if you like TWO Review us on !

A discord server for TWO! Join us here-

Contribute to the wiki

Chapter 216- Dream Pavillion

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

At night, Ouyang Shuo held a feast at the Sangu hotel to welcome the siblings.

As this was a family feast, Ouyang Shuo invited Yingyu, Qing'er and Sun Xiaoyue, and of course the little brat Bing'er too. She followed Song Jia for a day and was now already so close to her. At the table, she insisted on sitting beside Song Jia, not bothering about her brother.

During the feast, Sun Xiaoyue was looking a little weird. Only then did she know that Ouyang Shuo had a girlfriend. This was naturally noticed by Song Jia. As women, they were very sensitive to such an area. It was Ouyang Shuo who was usually very sharp but this time he made such a rookie mistake to invite Sun Xiaoyue to the feast.

After it ended, Ouyang Shuo arranged Song Wen to rest at the inn. As for Song Jia, Ouyang Shuo had already ordered Zisu to clean up the eastern courtyard to get it ready for Song Jia to rest.

Returning to the lord's manor, Yingyu and Qing'er said goodbye and went back to their courtyards. Ouyang Shuo ordered Zisu to bring Bing'er back to wash up and let the little brat rest early.

Nowadays, Zisu had taken over what Ouyang Shuo used to do, being in charge of telling stories to Bing'er. She obviously wouldn't tell any stories with princesses and white knights, but instead she told her stories like the journey to the west, making that little brat engrossed in it.

After spending so long with Zisu, Bing'er started to rely heavily on her. Zisu took very good care of Bing'er and made Bing'er treat her as a motherly replacement. The mother-daughter relationship between those two was very deep.

In the calm night, Ouyang Shuo brought Song Jia across the long walkways and into the east courtyard. The layout was similar to the main courtyard, and it was exquisitely designed. Ouyang Shuo didn't hire a maidservant for her and let her pick one for herself. Hence for today, Banxia would serve her and familiarize her with her room.

The pure moonlight shines onto the patio. Song Jia wasn't sleepy and requested Ouyang Shuo to accompany her

accompany her to admire the skies. Banxia brought tea and fruits for them before going back to arrange the room.

Song Jia laid on Ouyang Shuo's shoulder. "Blockhead?"

"En?" Ouyang Shuo guessed that there was something on her heart.

A look of fear and anxiousness appeared on her face as she mumbled, "Blockhead, I don't want to be your burden."

Song Jia had imagined that Ouyang Shuo was good in the game but she never expected that he would be so incredible. In the Battle of Muye, she witnessed firsthand him leading the troops with such elegance and style, making her look on in awe.

Following beside him, someone who was so ideal, be it the quiet and elegant Bai Hua, the graceful and dignified Feng Qiuhuang, or even the cute and petite Mulan Yue, they were all lords of many people. They were his allies, friends and strong shields to help him out in times of trouble. She could only stand aside and not be able to help. This made Song Jia, who was always prideful and never liked to lose, feel really out of place, especially as Ouyang Shuo had prepared so many valuable gifts for her.

Ouyang Shuo could understand her feelings. The difference in his ability in reality and in game made her unable to react all of a sudden. In reality, she was the princess of the Song family and had the backing to chase and flirt with Ouyang Shuo. With such a background and power, she could chase whomever she wanted and love whomever she loved.

Unfortunately, a big change made all of this disappear.

The Song family financial group who ruled over Lingnan could only struggle to survive in the game. On the contrary, the ordinary Ouyang Shuo had underwent a huge change, becoming the center of attention of hundreds of thousands of players. This big change wasn't something someone could adapt to in a short while.

Ouyang Shuo hugged her and said gently, "Silly girl, things are not as complicated as you think it is, let nature takes its course. Additionally, didn't you want to build a sect to become a sect leader to many? If you really manage to do so, you will be doing me a huge favor."

"Will a sect really help you?" Song Jia's eyes flashed across with a little emotion.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "Well of course. Our guard captain is also the direct disciple of the dojo head. If a person practices martial arts and joins the military, it's a huge advantage. Even if he doesn't fight, he can investigate for intelligence, assassinate, be a bodyguard, etc. He will also have an innate talent."

"Good, I'll start recruiting nominal disciples tomorrow." Song Jia had done much research for building a sect. Out of the 4 main points of cultivation, what she lacked was 500 nominal disciples.

"This is the Song Jia that I know!" Ouyang Shuo said happily.

Song Jia tenderly punched him. "You only know how to make people happy."

The two of them continued confiding in one another. Mainly it was Ouyang Shuo describing his experience in game, how he finished village quests, how he built Shanhai Village, how he faced the monster siege, and how he built the Shanhai Alliance...

Song Jia was totally engrossed in his stories, as if she had gone through the entire experience together with him and was filling up a lost memory. The Ouyang Shuo in front of her slowly became the guy in her memory, combining with the past once again and now there was no distance between them.

The night was dark, the moon hung in the sky, and everything was quiet, the only sounds being the crickets at the corners.

Ouyang Shuo asked her to rest early, while he returned to the main courtyard and started cultivating.

……

The next day, Ouyang Shuo brought Song Wen to tour Shanhai City. Compared to the grand and advanced Shanhai City, Song Wen felt that Tianshuang Town was a primitive little village. It was lacking so much.

Song Jia immediately did what she said she would and asked the guards for help, pasting notices of recruiting disciples at the north and west gates. Player sects could accept both players and also NPCs.

Song Jia's notification was very powerful and attractive.

"You wantand attractive.

"You want to fly up walls? You want to travel the world with one skill? You want to get famous with one blade? The paladin of a generation Jiaqi Rumeng who has both the Nine Yin Scripture and the Yuenu Swordsmanship Manual two martial arts, is recruiting disciples. There's a limited number of slots so please contact the lord's manor manager Zisu."

Song Jia was very smart, using the name of the lord's manor to hire people, raising her reputation by a lot.

After pasting the notification, Song Jia didn't slack and instead asked Ouyang Shuo to arrange some guards to follow her out of the city to find a suitable place to build her sect.

Ouyang Shuo wanted her to build the sect inside the city so she didn't need to travel so much. However she didn't want to rely on him so much and she said that a sect which wasn't in the mountains wasn't a proper sect.

Ouyang Shuo was helpless and could only follow what she wanted.

In the afternoon, Song Wen returned to Tianshuang Town. As Song Jia was still outside, she didn't see him off making him laugh bitterly.

At night, when it was near to dinner time, only then did Song Jia return.

"How was it? Did you find a suitable place?" Ouyang Shuo asked.

Song Jia shook her head with sadness. "'No. The west side of the territory is basically forests and there wasn't even hills, let alone mountains."

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head. "Tomorrow I'll follow you to the east side. The is a mountain region there, so there will be something suitable."

"Great!"

When eating dinner, Yingyu laughed, "Big brother, shouldn't the east courtyard also have a name?"

Ouyang Shuo nodded and looked at Song Jia. "Yingyu is right, what do you want to name it?"

Song Jia was excited and said, "How about Dream Pavilion?" She looked at Ouyang Shuo with eagerness.

Of course, he agreed.

Yingyu giggled, it was rare for her to see Ouyang Shuo so gentle.

"Sister Dream, tomorrow will you find time to come to the tailor shop? I'll help you sew a few shirts." Qing'er, that little girl, started to launch her garment attack.

Song Jia's eyes brightened. "Great, I've always heard about how good your skills are. Seeing all your dresses, I felt so envious." Song Jia was really jealous. Yesterday Bing'er had showed off all her dresses. Dresses were something that girls couldn't resist.

Qing'er smiled slightly. She wasn't too close to her, so she wasn't as playful as when she was in front of Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo seeing Bing'er sit beside Song Jia, said, "Baby, there's still a week before school reopens. You cannot be so naughty. Look at how wild you have become in such a short time."

Bing'er laughed in embarrassment. That little brat knew that she had played too much during the holidays. Combined with not doing any holiday homework, she was really crazy.

"I know." Bing'er gave a lovely nod, sighing like an old man. "Haiz, Bing'er wants to grow up fast."

"What does this have to do with growing up fast?"

"After I grow up I can be like sister and brother not needing to go to school." Bing'er's words made a lot of sense.

Ouyang a Shuo nearly fainted. This kid used to love going to school, however with just one holiday even her heart became wild.

"You, ah, so playful." Ouyang Shuo said helplessly. "From tomorrow onwards I'll invite a teacher to teach you Chinese when you aren't going to school."

Bing'er frowned. "Brother please don't, okay?"

"You think?" Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to bring out the elder brother position.

The little brat was smart and knew that he was going to be angry, so she didn't dare to rebut him anymore turning to Song Jia and saying pitifully, "Sister~"

Song Jia naturally doted on Bing'er and was nearly touched by her little shining eyes, however she couldn't override Ouyang Shuo's rights as a brother, causing her to shake her head, which made Bing'er depressed.

*Ps, OR, alternatively, you can also,Support and vote for us if you like TWO Review us on !

A discord server for TWO! Join us here-

Contribute to the wiki



* * *





Chapter 216




Chapter 216: TWO Chapter 216- Dream Pavillion

Chapter 216- Dream Pavillion

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

At night, Ouyang Shuo held a feast at the Sangu hotel to welcome the siblings.

As this was a family feast, Ouyang Shuo invited Yingyu, Qing'er and Sun Xiaoyue, and of course the little brat Bing'er too. She followed Song Jia for a day and was now already so close to her. At the table, she insisted on sitting beside Song Jia, not bothering about her brother.

During the feast, Sun Xiaoyue was looking a little weird. Only then did she know that Ouyang Shuo had a girlfriend. This was naturally noticed by Song Jia. As women, they were very sensitive to such an area. It was Ouyang Shuo who was usually very sharp but this time he made such a rookie mistake to invite Sun Xiaoyue to the feast.

After it ended, Ouyang Shuo arranged Song Wen to rest at the inn. As for Song Jia, Ouyang Shuo had already ordered Zisu to clean up the eastern courtyard to get it ready for Song Jia to rest.

Returning to the lord's manor, Yingyu and Qing'er said goodbye and went back to their courtyards. Ouyang Shuo ordered Zisu to bring Bing'er back to wash up and let the little brat rest early.

Nowadays, Zisu had taken over what Ouyang Shuo used to do, being in charge of telling stories to Bing'er. She obviously wouldn't tell any stories with princesses and white knights, but instead she told her stories like the journey to the west, making that little brat engrossed in it.

After spending so long with Zisu, Bing'er started to rely heavily on her. Zisu took very good care of Bing'er and made Bing'er treat her as a motherly replacement. The mother-daughter relationship between those two was very deep.

In the calm night, Ouyang Shuo brought Song Jia across the long walkways and into the east courtyard. The layout was similar to the main courtyard, and it was exquisitely designed. Ouyang Shuo didn't hire a maidservant for her and let her pick one for herself. Hence for today, Banxia would serve her and familiarize her with her room.

The pure moonlight shines onto the patio. Song Jia wasn't sleepy and requested Ouyang Shuo to accompany her to admire the skies. Banxia brought tea and fruits for them before going back to arrange the room.

Song Jia laid on Ouyang Shuo's shoulder. "Blockhead?"

"En?" Ouyang Shuo guessed that there was something on her heart.

A look of fear and anxiousness appeared on her face as she mumbled, "Blockhead, I don't want to be your burden."

Song Jia had imagined that Ouyang Shuo was good in the game but she never expected that he would be so incredible. In the Battle of Muye, she witnessed firsthand him leading the troops with such elegance and style, making her look on in awe.

Following beside him, someone who was so ideal, be it the quiet and elegant Bai Hua, the graceful and dignified Feng Qiuhuang, or even the cute and petite Mulan Yue, they were all lords of many people. They were his allies, friends and strong shields to help him out in times of trouble. She could only stand aside and not be able to help. This made Song Jia, who was always prideful and never liked to lose, feel really out of place, especially as Ouyang Shuo had prepared so many valuable gifts for her.

Ouyang Shuo could understand her feelings. The difference in his ability in reality and in game made her unable to react all of a sudden. In reality, she was the princess of the Song family and had the backing to chase and flirt with Ouyang Shuo. With such a background and power, she could chase whomever she wanted and love whomever she loved.

Unfortunately, a big change made all of this disappear.

The Song family financial gr

oup who ruled over Lingnan could only struggle to survive in the game. On the contrary, the ordinary Ouyang Shuo had underwent a huge change, becoming the center of attention of hundreds of thousands of players. This big change wasn't something someone could adapt to in a short while.

Ouyang Shuo hugged her and said gently, "Silly girl, things are not as complicated as you think it is, let nature takes its course. Additionally, didn't you want to build a sect to become a sect leader to many? If you really manage to do so, you will be doing me a huge favor."

"Will a sect really help you?" Song Jia's eyes flashed across with a little emotion.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "Well of course. Our guard captain is also the direct disciple of the dojo head. If a person practices martial arts and joins the military, it's a huge advantage. Even if he doesn't fight, he can investigate for intelligence, assassinate, be a bodyguard, etc. He will also have an innate talent."

"Good, I'll start recruiting nominal disciples tomorrow." Song Jia had done much research for building a sect. Out of the 4 main points of cultivation, what she lacked was 500 nominal disciples.

"This is the Song Jia that I know!" Ouyang Shuo said happily.

Song Jia tenderly punched him. "You only know how to make people happy."

The two of them continued confiding in one another. Mainly it was Ouyang Shuo describing his experience in game, how he finished village quests, how he built Shanhai Village, how he faced the monster siege, and how he built the Shanhai Alliance...

Song Jia was totally engrossed in his stories, as if she had gone through the entire experience together with him and was filling up a lost memory. The Ouyang Shuo in front of her slowly became the guy in her memory, combining with the past once again and now there was no distance between them.

The night was dark, the moon hung in the sky, and everything was quiet, the only sounds being the crickets at the corners.

Ouyang Shuo asked her to rest early, while he returned to the main courtyard and started cultivating.

……

The next day, Ouyang Shuo brought Song Wen to tour Shanhai City. Compared to the grand and advanced Shanhai City, Song Wen felt that Tianshuang Town was a primitive little village. It was lacking so much.

Song Jia immediately did what she said she would and asked the guards for help, pasting notices of recruiting disciples at the north and west gates. Player sects could accept both players and also NPCs.

Song Jia's notification was very powerful and attractive.

"You want to fly up walls? You want to travel the world with one skill? You want to get famous with one blade? The paladin of a generation Jiaqi Rumeng who has both the Nine Yin Scripture and the Yuenu Swordsmanship Manual two martial arts, is recruiting disciples. There's a limited number of slots so please contact the lord's manor manager Zisu."

Song Jia was very smart, using the name of the lord's manor to hire people, raising her reputation by a lot.

After pasting the notification, Song Jia didn't slack and instead asked Ouyang Shuo to arrange some guards to follow her out of the city to find a suitable place to build her sect.

Ouyang Shuo wanted her to build the sect inside the city so she didn't need to travel so much. However she didn't want to rely on him so much and she said that a sect which wasn't in the mountains wasn't a proper sect.

Ouyang Shuo was helpless and could only follow what she wanted.

In the afternoon, Song Wen returned to Tianshuang Town. As Song Jia was still outside, she didn't see him off making him laugh bitterly.

At night, when it was near to dinner time, only then did Song Jia return.

"How was it? Did you find a suitable place?" Ouyang Shuo asked.

Song Jia shook her head with sadness. "'No. The west side of the territory is basically forests and there wasn't even hills, let alone mountains."

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head. "Tomorrow I'll follow you to the east side. The is a mountain region there, so there will be something suitable."

"Great!"

When eating dinner, Yingyu laughed, "Big brother, shouldn't the east courtyard also have a name?"

Ouyang Shuo nodded and looked at Song Jia. "Yingyu is right, what do you want to name it?"

Song Jia was excited and said, "How about Dream Pavilion?" She looked at Ouyang Shuo with eagerness.

Of course, he agreed.

Yingyu giggled, it was rare for her to see Ouyang Shuo so gentle.

"Sister Dream, tomorrow will you find time to come to the tailor shop? I'll help you sew a few shirts." Qing'er, that little girl, started to launch her garment attack.

Song Jia's eyes brightened. "Great, I've always heard about how good your skills are. Seeing all your dresses, I felt so envious." Song Jia was really jealous. Yesterday Bing'er had showed off all her dresses. Dresses were something that girls couldn’t resist.

Qing'er smiled slightly. She wasn't too close to her, so she wasn't as playful as when she was in front of Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo seeing Bing'er sit beside Song Jia, said, "Baby, there's still a week before school reopens. You cannot be so naughty. Look at how wild you have become in such a short time."

Bing'er laughed in embarrassment. That little brat knew that she had played too much during the holidays. Combined with not doing any holiday homework, she was really crazy.

"I know." Bing'er gave a lovely nod, sighing like an old man. "Haiz, Bing'er wants to grow up fast."

"What does this have to do with growing up fast?"

"After I grow up I can be like sister and brother not needing to go to school." Bing'er's words made a lot of sense.

Ouyang a Shuo nearly fainted. This kid used to love going to school, however with just one holiday even her heart became wild.

"You, ah, so playful." Ouyang Shuo said helplessly. "From tomorrow onwards I'll invite a teacher to teach you Chinese when you aren't going to school."

Bing'er frowned. "Brother please don't, okay?"

"You think?" Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to bring out the elder brother position.

The little brat was smart and knew that he was going to be angry, so she didn't dare to rebut him anymore turning to Song Jia and saying pitifully, "Sister~"

Song Jia naturally doted on Bing'er and was nearly touched by her little shining eyes, however she couldn’t override Ouyang Shuo's rights as a brother, causing her to shake her head, which made Bing'er depressed.



* * *





Chapter 217




Chapter 217: TWO Chapter 217 - Lone Peak

Chapter 217 - Lone Peak

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

In the early morning, facing the morning dew, a squad of riders exited the lord's manor, and went straight towards the Azure dragon gate. As the Qingfu horses stepped onto the green stone floors, there sounded out the clean and crisp clatter of horseshoes.

Ouyang Shuo and Song Jia brought four guards, and were prepared to go towards Qiushui City to the east to look for a suitable place for the sect. After the second city wall was built, to differentiate the gates, each gate was given a different name. The core region’s city gates were renamed Azure Dragon Gate to the east, White Tiger Gate to the west, Vermillion Bird Gate to the south, and Black Tortoise Gate to the north. Ouyang Shuo went past the Azure Dragon Gate and passed the Eastern region toward the East gate which was slightly to the north.

Past the East gate, it was the Eastern wilderness. Out of strategic needs, the wild grass and plants were removed and now what remained was an empty and cold plain.

From the East gate, they made an easy straight route towards Shanhai City harbor. Compared to the times of Shanhai Village, the harbor was 20-30 times bigger. Ever since the Advanced Shipyard was moved to Beihai City, the region of water in front of the canyon was all under the jurisdiction of the harbor. As for the harbor, it was run by the Transportation Division. The current Transportation Division officially started taking on the role of modern transportation services.

During the planning, the bridge with linked up the main camp and Qiushui City wasn't built so there were numerous stone resources piled up at both sides. The masons shipped large rocks from the quarry and cut them into smaller pieces before grinding them into rods to use to build the bridge.

After considering that warships needed to go past this river, the design of the bridge was much more complex than the stone arch bridge in the inner city. Based on the architect Wuchi's first draft, the basic cost reached 500 gold.

The hardest part about building a bridge was to build supports for the bridge in the river. The canyon river had the Friendship river and the Qiushui river flowing into it so the water currents were fast and ferocious. Hence, such supports based on olden building standards were really difficult to make.

Ouyang Shuo briefly checked out the progress of the bridge before carrying on, crossing over using the boat at the harbor. The Qiushui City city wall was already built, and from afar it looked like a small city sitting on the plains.

Outside the city were acres after acres of grain land. Early in the morning there were already farmers getting busy.

"Blockhead, what are they doing in the fields? Are they plucking out the seedlings? Didn't they just plant them?" Song Jia couldn't understand their actions.

Ouyang Shuo laughed in amusement. "The farmers are plucking out grass and planting the seedlings. It is very easy for weed and wild grass to grow in the fields. If we don't remove them, they will compete with the grain for space and nutrients and affect the harvest."

"Oh!" Song Jia laughed in embarrassment.

Ouyang Shuo didn't choose to enter Qiushui City, and instead continued south towards the border of the canyon and continued east along the mountain range. In truth, after confirming that Song Jia wanted to build the sect outside of the city, he went to check out the Lianzhou map where there were already clear coordinates.

The difference from the main camp was that on this side of the Qiushui City, they didn't have rocky mountain ranges, but instead a straight forest path, intersecting with t

he plains to form a unique view. Walking on the plains, there were chances of wild animals like rabbits popping out.

Seeing the wild rabbit, Ouyang Shuo's hunter instincts were piqued as he took out the bow and shot at it. Unfortunately with his basic archery, unless he was lucky, there wasn't a chance for him to hit the nimble rabbit.

The missed arrow made him feel really embarrassed, especially in front of his lover. It turned into rage as he ordered the guards to shoot all the rabbits they met and bring them back to the lord's manor.

Song Jia was giggling at the side, Ouyang Shuo had something that he wasn't good at.

After going around 10 kilometers to the east, Ouyang Shuo signaled for them to stop. He pointed to a mountain peak and asked, "Can you see that mountain in front?"

Song Jia followed Ouyang Shuo's finger only to see amongst the fog the outlines of the mountain and one lone peak. What was more amazing was that the lone peak was like it was punched by a giant and only half the peak was left, narrowing at the middle part of the mountain, forming a giant platform.

"Great, this will be the place." Song Jia was elated.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "Let's go and take a look."

"En!" Song Jia couldn't wait.

As no one had visited this place before, there were little tracks of men, and the road up was hard to walk. Ouyang Shuo and his men had no choice but to leave their Qingfu horses at the foot of the mountain and walk up on foot.

The 4 guards wielded the Tang knives and helped to open the road upwards. After walking for 2 hours, they finally reached the platform. Ouyang Shuo and Song Jia also had to rotate their inner strength to reduce their tiredness and fatigue.

The platform was huge, and on first glance it was more than 10 square kilometers, bigger than the Shanhai when it was still a town. Water flowed down from the peak and made a small pond at the foot of the platform, constantly sounding out noises. The water flowed out from the pond onto a small stream on the platform and flowed down it. Under the shine of the sunlight, the water stream formed a rainbow.

Beside the pond was an ancient tree, and on its branches were many unknown birds flying around. Seeing Ouyang Shuo and the others, they weren't afraid and flew up from the tree, circling their heads and chirping.

Song Jia fell in love with the place instantly and muttered, "So beautiful!"

Ouyang Shuo looked around and found that there was no lack of wooden materials. On the platform there was a water source which fruits could be planted. As long as grain was sent up on time, their sect could be self sufficient. As players had storage bags, to transport grain up was very easy.

"Jia Jia, bring Xiaoyue here tomorrow. She is the architectural advisor so ask her to do a basic design of the sect including the road to get down the mountain. After you all settle on the blueprints, I'll arrange for the Construction Division to work on it."

Hearing that Ouyang Shuo had planned everything out for her, Song Jia smiled gently. "Blockhead, you are the best."

"Ok la, sect leader Song, create a name for your future sect."

"Oh ya." Song Jia was instantly excited. "Blockhead, why don’t we name it Dream Sword Sect!"

Ouyang Shuo was going to faint. "Your name is Jiaqi Rumeng, the courtyard you stay in is called Dream Pavilion, and now even the sect you want to call it Dream Sword Sect, it really doesn't have any standards."

Song Jia frowned. "Hen, then what would you name it?"

Naming something wasn't hard for Ouyang Shuo. He pondered and instantly thought of one. "It's east of a lone peak and looks upon Shanhai City. Why don’t we call it Dongli Sword Sect, what do you think?"

Song Jia said crisply, "Blockhead, I couldn't tell you were so talented! Okay, let's follow your idea and call it Dongli Sword Sect."

As it got close to noon, they had their meal on the mountains. The guards cleaned the wild rabbits at the pond and found some tinder to start a fire for a barbecue.

Ouyang Shuo, who was an adventure mode player in the last life, often ate out in the wilderness and wild rabbit was a common meal. He gleefully showed his skills to Song Jia and barbecued the rabbit till it was crisp on the outside and tender on the inside.

Eating such a delicious wild rabbit, Song Jia couldn't help but commend it, and the four guards also finished up everything. After that, they didn't wait any longer and went down the mountain.

Going back to the lord's manor, it was already 4 PM.

After two days of promotions, there were many people who registered at the lord's manor. Zisu recorded all of them and announced on the morning of 9th month 1st day that they would have a trial at the lord's manor.

When having dinner, Yingyu mentioned, "Big brother, Er Wazi told me he wants to take a master and he doesn't want to go to the private school; he kept on begging me to talk you you about it, what do you think?"

Er Wazi was brought around by his side at the start, but as time passed, Yingyu became in charge of him. Ever since he went to the private school, his food had been settled by Yingyu.

However Er Wazi was still a member of the lord's manor. During the original household registration, he personally didn't assign him as a farmer and instead kept him in the lord's manor. Now that Er Wazi wanted to give up school to learn martial arts, he naturally needed Ouyang Shuo to agree.

Ouyang Shuo nodded, it seemed like his half year of private school wasn't for nothing. At least he learned manners, asking him for permission.

Ouyang Shuo was a very sentimental person and he said to Yingyu, "Since he wants to, I won't stop him, allow him to go under Jia Jia and be a core disciple." Ouyang Shuo looked at Song Jia as he said it to seek her perspective. She nodded. She definitely had to agree to Ouyang Shuo's request.

Seeing that Ouyang Shuo agreed, Banxia, who was standing at the side had a weird expression on her face.

Yingyu has always treated Er Wazi as her real brother, and hearing him do such planning, she was naturally delighted. Although she wasn't from a martial arts background, she knew the difference between a nominal disciple and a core disciple. A core disciple would be though everything and inherit the entire sect, the choosing requirements were extremely strict.

Ouyang Shuo continued, "That kid could be considered our family. Since he has matured, we cannot keep calling him Er Wazi, we should give him a proper name. Yingyu, since you two are close like brother and sister, I'll leave it to you."

"En." Yingyu nodded and took up the task.



* * *





Chapter 218




Chapter 218: TWO Chapter 218 - Lord

Chapter 218 - Lord

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The next morning, Yingyu brought Er Wazi to thank Ouyang Shuo.

"Cui Tianqi sees sire, thank you for adopting me." Er Wazi, who was now Cui Tianqi, respectfully bowed to Ouyang Shuo.

The growth of NPC kids grew faster than in the real world. When Cui Tianqi came to the territory, his skin was tan and he was thin. Although he was already 11-12 years old, as he had little amounts of nutrients, he looked around 8 years old. After only just 8 years, as he had gotten enough found, his bones started to grow and in addition to the education at the private school, the once naughty little brat had become a young teen.

Ouyang Shuo told him to stand up before continuing, "Be it studying or practicing martial arts, I’ll support you. Since you chose martial arts, you must walk to the end of the path to be a useful person to the territory. Do you understand?"

"I understand!" Cui Tianqi said solemnly.

Ouyang Shuo nodded happily, "Now go greet your master!"

Just as Cui Tianqi was about to bow to Song Jia, she raised her arm and stopped him, he looked confused and didn't know what to do.

Song Jia turned towards Ouyang Shuo and said, "Wuyi, before he calls me his master I also want to teach one of your other people. Is that okay?" At a formal occasion, Song Jia would be like Bai Hua and the rest, and call him by his in game name.

Ouyang Shuo didn't understand what was going on. "Who?"

"Banxia!"

"You want to let Banxia continue to serve you?" Ouyang Shuo could only make such a conjecture. She was busy dealing with the sect, didn't have time to hire a maidservant, and it was Banxia who was serving her.

She shook her head. "I want her to be my core disciple."

Ouyang Shuo frowned, immediately guessing what was happening, his expression changed and he called out in a low tone, "Banxia!"

"Sire!"' She stepped out and bowed in front Of Ouyang Shuo, her face filled with fear and anxiety.

"Say, what’s all of this?" Song Jia wouldn't want to take Banxia as her disciple without any reason, so Ouyang Shuo guessed that Banxia must have begged her. Song Jia was too nice and agreed. For such a thing to happen in the lord's manor where rank and power wasn't taken into account, Ouyang Shuo wouldn't accept it.

The atmosphere of the hall instantly became very serious.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo so furious, Banxia was freaked out and tears nearly rolled down from her face. She kowtowed and cried, "Servant is wrong, sire please punish me." Just as Ouyang Shuo had predicted, Banxia had heard that Song Jia accepted Er Wazi as a core disciple and went to ask Song Jia.

Banxia's village was robbed by a bunch of raiders and she only survived by hiding in the bushes. In the night, she personally witnessed her family being killed by raiders and a seed of hatred was planted in her heart, making her hope that one day she could take revenge.

Coming to Shanhai City and being recruited by Yingyu in the lord's manor, Banxia had quenched the need to take revenge, wanting to lead her life peacefully in the manor. Who would have thought that such a change would happen and that Song Jia would accept disciples, reigniting the hatred in Banxia's heart.

Banxia didn't dare to go and beg Ouyang Shuo, for fear that Ouyang Shuo would reject her. Last night, she took the opportunity when she was serving Song Jia to tell her about her past and beg her to take her as a disciple. Song Jia's heart softened, and seeing that her qualities weren't half bad she agreed and thus went to ask Ouyang S

huo for his permission.

Ouyang Shuo calmed himself down, wanting to kick her out of the lord's manor. Luckily, Yingyu stood out to calm him down. "Big Brother, seeing that she's immature, let her off this time."

"Yes big brother please give her a chance!" Qing'er pleaded too.

Lastly, even Zisu stood up and kneeled. "Sire please give her a chance."

Banxia was still young and seeing everyone speak up for her she really didn't know what to do. Only then did she know that she made a huge mistake and dragged down everyone, making her even more anxious, looking pitifully at Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo sighed and said, "Banxia didn't do her job and broke the lord's manor’s rules. From today onwards she's kicked out and given back her freedom. From today onwards, she cannot use the name of the lord's manor or she won't be spared." Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to give out a punishment, if not how would he lead the lord's manor?

"Thank you sire!" Ouyang Shuo's decision was similar to admitting to allowing Song Jia to accept her as a disciple. Banxia was feeling emotional but also a bit sad as she would no longer be a part of the lord's manor.

The storm passed just like that. Banxia and Cui Tianqi bowed to their new master and became Song Jia's core disciples. As the future big sister and big brother of the Dongli Sword Sect, their futures were limitless.

Getting Banxia as a disciple, Song Jia decided not to hire a maidservant as she already had a disciple to serve on her. Ouyang Shuo also didn't want to hire another one, so only Zisu was left to look after the main courtyard.

……

Gaia first year, 8th month, 25th day

Ouyang Shuo held a territory affairs meeting.

Before all the directors could report, the culture and education secretary Xu Shuda stood out and bowed solemnly to Ouyang Shuo," Sire, our division has a suggestion, please approve it."

"What suggestion?"

"At the moment, the imperial court has tilted sire Lianzhou Marquis. Based on our manners culture, you must be called lord. So calling you ‘sire’ will have to be stopped and everyone will call you lord; the various workers and civil servants as ministers; the lord's manor must also be renamed Lianzhou Marquis’ manor, to stick with tradition." Xu Shuda was following traditional etiquette.

One shouldn't just think of it as a small change, in actuality it represented a change in the nature of the territory. Before being titled a noble, when the lord was reclaiming land in the wilderness or anywhere else, the court didn't give their permission. After becoming a lord, especially being titled a marquis personally by the court, his territory was now official.

Originally all this would be done straight after the title was given. Secretary Xu realized this problem.

Only 2 days after getting the title, the territory was upgraded. He then stayed in Fallen Phoenix Town for three days. Xu Shuda decided that he might as well just raise it at the end of the month meeting.

"Yes, lord, your subjects agree!" Fan Zhongyan changed his address and stopped using sire.

"Yes, lord, your subjects agree!" Tian Wenjing followed.

"Yes, lord, your subjects agree!" Everyone got up and bowed.

Ouyang Shuo said expressionlessly, “Permission granted!" From today onwards, he was one step closer to being lonely.

After Xu Shuda backed down, the Secretary of Meritorious Services Division stood up. “Lord, ever since the brothel was opened, many officials have started to spend their time to fool around there. How should we deal with such officials?"

Tian Wenjing spoke up. “Minister suggests to investigate and close down the brothel to prevent the problem from spreading." Tian Wenjing wasn't used to being soft and decided strong action was needed.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head. "Such a method can't work; it's an entertainment outlet. We can't close it down or be so violent in our actions. if we do, we’ll make the commoners angry. On the other hand, secretary Qin is correct, we cannot allow the officials to do their business matters there. Spread the lord's decree: if spotted once, they will be fined 3 months. Twice, they will be suspended, and the third time, they will be sacked."

Ouyang Shuo was curious about the olden brothel and wanted to go take a look, only now the situation didn't permit it. As a lord, he had to set an example. After Song Jia came, he couldn't go to such a place all the more.

"Yes lord!" Qin Shijian backed down.

Tian Wenjing approached once again and bowed down. “Lord, there are new developments with the mountain barbarians."

"Oh? Quick, quick, tell me!" Ouyang Shuo was excited.

"Recently, minister visited several tribes and heard of the same thing. Based on their descriptions, in the deep mountains there's a gigantic bandit mountain stronghold, and they often go down to rob the mountain barbarians. Hearing that we have such a strong military, the leaders of the tribes say that if we could help them destroy the stronghold, then they will be willing to cooperate with us and allow their elite warriors to join the Shanhai army."

"Bandit stronghold?" Ouyang Shuo couldn't understand how a stronghold would cause Tian Wenjing to be so solemn, and based on Shanhai City's military might, they could take it down easily.

"Based on their descriptions, this bunch is crafty and built the stronghold on a dangerous peak. There's only a narrow road up, making it easy to defend and hard to attack. Their numbers are also not small. Although we don't have specifics, it's definitely more than ten thousand people. Hence to take it down, it will definitely not be easy."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. So that was why, it was really not easy. Although Shanhai City’s military had huge numbers, more than half were cavalry and sailors. Only around 4000 people could be used to attack the stronghold. With so few people, Ouyang Shuo didn't have confidence.

"First, contact the Military Intelligence Division. Let the mountain barbarians lead them and find out details about the stronghold. Second, persuade them to allow mountain barbarians to come down to class change and form the 3rd regiment. After completing both things, I don't believe we can't even take down a stronghold."

"Yes, lord!"

"Today, the 3rd regiment is still building, and after completing its development, we still need to clear out the raiders. Hence, Director Tian needs to cooperate well with the Military Affairs Department, and not let the mountain barbarian tribes think that Shanhai City are liars. When it's needed, we can send them a batch of grain to show our sincerity." Ouyang Shuo was prepared to play the grain card again. To these mountain barbarians, the grain was a savior.

"Understood, I won't let lord down!" Tian Wenjing had spent a long time building up relationships with the mountain barbarians, and understood their weak spots. With Ouyang Shuo's promise, he was more confident in completing the mission.



* * *





Chapter 219




Chapter 219-

Chapter 219- Chess Player and his Chess Pieces

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

After Tian Wenjing finished his report, the Construction Division secretary Zhao Dewang stood up and bowed, “My lord, the thing about investigating the rock caves, the Construction Division has already completed it . "

"Oh? Tell me!"

"Yes, lord!" Zhao Dewang reported, “On the south side, from Shanhai City all the way to the borders of the Yongye Forest totals at 25 kilometers . The Construction Division did an investigation, and we found eight dry caves . Out of these dry caves, the wine workshop, the military workshop, and the alchemical fire oil storage has taken up three . Of the remaining five, there are three small dry holes shorter than 10 meters and are only 2 meters deep . The remaining two are large scale dry holes . "

After he heard Zhao Dewang's report, Ouyang Shuo finally realized one thing—not even a year had passed, but they had cut down a large portion of Yongye Forest . Based on this rate, they would cut down the whole forest in a few years .

If they really cut all of Yongye Forest down, it would definitely cause a large loss of soil and water, possibly igniting a huge flood from Friendship River . This was a huge threat to Shanhai City . Apart from that, if the territory didn't have the protection of the forest, other natural disasters like sandstorms would cause problems .

Earth online's weather was very realistic . If nothing unexpected happened, Ouyang Shuo's conjecture would come true .

After Zhao Dewang backed down, Ouyang Shuo called for the Material Reserves Department director, "Director Shen Zhui, the Material Reserves Department needs to have a plan and can't start cutting all the trees down . You should try to only cut down the large trees and leave all the small trees . Also, don't destroy the roots of this forest . Apart from that, we must prohibit commoners from logging themselves . At the same time, when adjusting wood supplies, use more from Qiushui City as the wood resources there are more vast . "

Although Shen Zhui was flexible, he was a person from ancient times after all . How could he understand Ouyang Shuo's modern ideas of environmental conservation and sustainable development? He could only agree and follow the plan .

After this, Ouyang Shuo looked at Yingyu, “Director Cui, the Financial Department needs to work with the Auditing Division to strengthen the inspection of all branches and their transactions . It would be best if you could send someone to take a look at the books every month . At the same time, work with the Meritorious Service Division to assess the various managers and workers at the branches . ”

The Four Seas Bank was the core tool for Ouyang Shuo’s ambition . Naturally, he would be more than careful with it . The branch at Mulan Town was still okay as manager Yang Yun was an old citizen of Shanhai City, so he had gained Ouyang Shuo's trust . The Financial Department had directly assigned the ones sent to Black Tiger Town, Xunlong Town, and Fallen Phoenix City, so Ouyang Shuo didn't know them well . Hence, he wanted to use this meeting to remind Yingyu of the level of importance he placed on it .

"Yes, lord!" Yingyu cared even more about the branches than Ouyang Shuo . If something happens to the Four Seas Bank, she would be the first one responsible as the director of the Financial Department .

After they all finished reporting, Ouyang Shuo ended the meeting .

……

In the afternoon, little aunt Lin Jing helped Ouyang Shuo buy building blueprints and came to Shanhai City once again . This time, she didn't come alone . She had brought a small group of 30, which were the core members of the Snow-War Rose Mercenary group .

The blueprints were the secondary reason for Lin Jing’s trip here . Her main reason was to see her nephew and niece, and also discuss the cooperation between the group and Shanhai City .

As the Bow and Crossbow Division and the Armory Division slowly got onto the right path, Shanhai City's army had changed their equipment, and the armory had accumulated a lot of silver-ranked and below weapons such as bows, spears, knives, leather armor, and more . These items filled the armory to the brim, but the Material Affairs Department still arranged some people to maintain this equipment .

This batch of equipment was obtained from the raiders, some from when they attacked the city, some from when the soldiers changed class, so they had a huge quantity of equipment .

Ouyang Shuo was contemplating something . Rather than letting this batch of equipment gather dust, why not ask the mercenary group to sell them to rookie players? This batch of players had entered the game for three months and had earned some money to buy such equipment . To the Shanhai City military, this equipment were backward and useless, but to these new players, they were high-class and advanced .

Ouyang Shuo sent his plans for cooperation over to little aunt, and both of them agreed instantly, which was why little aunt had made her way to Shanhai City . As the number of weapons were really too many, little aunt had to bring the 30 core members with the largest storage bags to help smuggle the equipment .

Ouyang Shuo was going to give the Snow-War Rose mercenary group 20% of the profit from selling the equipment . Which meant that the higher the price they sold the equipment for, the higher the profits, which was the same as retailers in society . Also, this wasn't a one-off deal, as the Snow-War Rose mercenary group would sell the other backward items and equipment from Shanhai City .

Ouyang Shuo also allowed them to manage the remaining profits, and he asked them to set up a small courtyard in the nine imperial cities to be the offices of Shanhai City . Thes offices would help them to recruit talents . Apart from work occupation players, they would also be in charge of recruiting NPC talents that weren't doing too well in the capital city .

As Shanhai City's fame and reputation rose, it gained some fame amongst NPC groups, and it wouldn't be too far off to call that name widespread . Hence, there was a chance for them to hire such NPCs .

Apart from that, as the number of battles increased, more and more historical figures would enter the game . Moreover, these historical figures would most probably enter through the various system imperial cities . Hence to recruit them, he must reveal his sign . If not, even if they wanted to join, they wouldn't have a way to do so .

The Yanhuang Alliance had held a strong animosity toward the Shanhai Alliance since their inception . As such, Ouyang Shuo had decided to change his low profile methods and started to use the fame of Shanhai City to recruit talents .

The Chinese had always focused on balance . Shanhai City had acted conservatively, like a locked up nation . Although Ouyang Shuo had succeeded in building up a secretive image that helped him avoid problems in real life, he also had lost the chance of gaining many talents .

During the current galactic migration, everyone was online . Not only was everyone safe from dangers, but everyone was experiencing a life refresh . Since Ouyang Shuo wanted to fulfill his ambitions and rule planet Hope, he could only continue in such a manner . He had to expose himself and confidently make contact with other players to gain their support .

In his last life, Ouyang Shuo was betrayed by another . However, he couldn't grow fearful and wary of all players and not trust anyone because of that incident .

Imagine a chess player that didn't even dare to touch a chess piece . Wouldn't that be amusing?

If it were like that, even if Ouyang Shuo made use of the advantages of his reincarnation and made Shanhai City prosperous, he would still have the viewpoint of a small commoner . He wouldn't gain enough training . When he returned to the real world, he would definitely still face walls and troubles .

Hence, Ouyang Shuo needed to learn the lessons from his past life . He would not trust anyone easily, would not reveal all his cards to someone, and would never forget that people were greedy .

Players were chess pieces that moved in accordance to Ouyang Shuo's will .

As long as Ouyang Shuo raised his awareness, he wouldn't make the same mistakes again . Greed wasn't fearful, what was fearful was uncontrollable greed .

In the game, there were many elite players that wished to move over to Shanhai City . As for territories like Handan City, the core members were already set in stone, so normal players would lose the chance to gain trust and be greatly utilized . On the other hand, Shanhai City was a clean slate and was a better place for them to show their abilities .

The dangerous part about recruiting talents was the chances of spies infiltrating .

Ouyang Shuo wasn't afraid of them joining and revealing things about the city . Be it the east region military workshops, the military factory in the mountains, the mines, or the saltpans, they were all considered prohibited regions and were carefully monitored, so normal players couldn’t even enter it .

Shanhai City's higher ups would remain NPCs, even Wuchi and Jiu Duanxian were only doing specific jobs . They weren't considered part of the management level of the territory .

Hence, Shanhai City had already built a perfect system that wasn't easily infiltrated .

Ouyang Shuo brought little aunt to see the Shanhai City Armory . When the guards opened the gate, they revealed an armory filled with neatly placed bows, swords, and armors, which made the members of the Snow-War Rose mercenary group feel a little dizzy .

"Oh my god, little Shuo . You are simply wasting such good things, so many weapons and equipment gathering dust . If players knew this, they would definitely scold you . "

Ouyang Shuo shook his head; he couldn’t rebut her because she was his little aunt .

Little aunt ordered the members to store all the equipment and make a list to check with the Military Affairs Department officials . After they ensured that everything was in order, they would place it in their storage bags . As for herself, she went into the elite area to pick equipment . Ouyang Shuo told little aunt that he would give her a set for free, so she obviously wouldn't let this chance go to waste .

Lin Jing only spent a day in Shanhai City . After, a casual conversation with Song Jia, she left with almost half of the armory to Jianye .



* * *





Chapter 220




Chapter 220: TWO Chapter 220 - Fuse

Chapter 220 - Fuse

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora



Before Lin Jing left, she passed the blueprints of the basic buildings to Ouyang Shuo. She had bought these for three thousand gold.

Ouyang Shuo passed the blueprints over to clerk Bai Nanpu. He asked Bai Nanpu to pass these blueprints to the Construction Division and rush them to quickly build it. Based on the plans, they would build the Confucian Temple and Martial Temple beside the Yellow Emperor Temple. As for the clock and drum tower, they would build it in front of the black turtle gate, south of the commerce street, and the riverside of the inner city river would be its east and west sides.

8th month, 26th day. After two months of construction, they finally completed Xinan University. Ouyang Shuo led a group of officials to join the unveiling ceremony.

Compared to Ouyang Shuo’s original design, Xu Shuda's advised him to place the grade 2 city basic building chess courtyard in the university, and it became the 4th college.

Ouyang Shuo pointed out during the unveiling ceremony that the motto of Xinan University was inclusivity and diversity. The future Xinan University had to produce many leaders and become the sacred grounds of learning.

After the unveiling ceremony, Xu Shuda accompanied Ouyang Shuo to visit Jiang Shang.

After Fan Zhongyan and Xu Shuda's persuasion, Jiang Shang had finally agreed to settle down in Xinan College. At the same time, he rejected the position of dean of the economics college.

It was autumn. Viridescent leaves filled the trees in the college and the birds chirped. At the northwest corner of Xinan University, there was a small man-made lake called moon lake. The lake water was from the inner city river that was separated from one wall. The lake had a small island in the center that was called Fallen Star Island. Jiang Shang had secluded himself here.

The Fallen Star Island wasn't connected to the outside. As such, you could only ride on a raft to reach the island. The raft gracefully drifted left and right. Through the clear lake water, one could see the fish that swam within.

As a thin rain drizzled from the sky, the water droplets fell onto the leaves.

Jiang Shang was already 80 odd years old. The Culture and Education Division had arranged two servants to serve by his side and take care of him. They helped him open a vegetable garden on the island to grow vegetables and fruits as well as rear poultry. To the ducks and geese, the moon lake was the best living environment.

After Ouyang Shuo arrived on shore, he looked around. The surroundings were graceful, but there weren't any carved columns, expensive trees, or flowers. A row of short thatched houses was built in the middle of the island. Before the houses were a row of fences that enclosed the area into a little courtyard. On the empty ground was a vegetable farm where various vegetables and fruits were grown, and some had even sprouted. Beside the small courtyard was a bamboo forest. As the wind blew over it, the crisp sound of bamboo rang in the air.

On the other side of the courtyard was a well, and beside it was a stone less than half a meter high. It looked very shiny and smooth. The servants introduced it as a place that Jiang Shang would sit on to read.

Jiang Shang was wearing a grass cape, as he fished next to the lake. Beside him, his little fish net was empty. He hadn't gotten anything. Ouyang Shuo wondered if he was playing a similar game to “Jiang Taigong is fishing, those that are willing will get hooked.”

"Taigong, lord is here to see you." Xu Shuda opened his mouth.

Jiang Shang didn't react.

He only turned around and made a hush motion toward Xu Shuda. Jian Shen was telling him to keep quiet and not scare away the fish that he was trying to catch. Xu Shuda was helpless, and he could only stand beside the lord and wait patiently.

The servant was smart and brought out a small stool for the lord to sit on.

They waited an entire morning. The downpour grew heavier and heavier, but Jiang Shang still didn't move. He didn't say anything. He just held his fishing rod for the entire morning and didn’t even changed the bait.

Ouyang Shuo was helpless, as he knew that Jiang Shang was such a stubborn person. So, he could only leave, "Taigong, after coming without informing you, Wuyi will now leave. I’ll come again next time."

Just when Ouyang Shuo was about to leave, Jiang Shang suddenly opened his mouth, “Lord, you already killed Wuwang during the Battle of Muye, right?"

Ouyang Shuo was stunned, but he calmly said, "Taigong why do you say such a thing?"

When you came back, I saw the lord's guards riding on warhorses. Weirdly, your guards weren’t at your side during the interception. There is only one explanation—they were sent to intercept Wuwang," Jiang Shang's analytical skills were really terrifying.

Since Jian Shang found out, Ouyang Shuo had to speak the truth, “That's right, the guards killed Wuwang, and his head was sent to Di Xin. If because of that, Taigong wants to be a hermit and hole yourself up, I have else nothing to say. Farewell!" From this moment, Ouyang Shuo had given up on asking Jiang Shang to come out and assist him. He was a lord and was a Lianzhou Marquis. He would do things based on his principles, and he wouldn't change because of one person.

"Haih!" Jiang Shang exhaled a long sigh.

8th month, 28th day. Under the persuasion of the Internal Affairs Director Tian Wenjing, the mountain barbarian tribes had agreed to Ouyang Shuo's conditions. They sent one thousand men down the mountains to join the Shanhai City army.

One thousand mountain barbarian warriors were sent to the 1st and 2nd unit of the 3rd regiment. After the third regiment was built, they started to attack the raider camps in the east under the charge of Colonel E'Lai. They wanted to destroy all these raider camps within a week.

At this moment, they had almost finished the raider operation to the west. Moreover, they had destroyed all the territories near Shanhai City. The 1st regiment's troops were pointing at Yongye Town of the Sky Blade Alliance.

Yongye Town's lord freaked out. He panicked and pleaded to the Sky Blade Alliance, seeking their help to defend his territory and fend off Shanhai City's attack.

After they received Heise Pifeng's distress signal, leader Ba Dao and Xiaofeng Canyue called out to the others. Apart from Guangshui Town that was busy defending itself, the other allies headed to assist Yongye Town.

Ba Dao and Xiaofeng Canyue brought 500 troops each, while Gushan Town and Yishui Town brought 300 each. After accounting for Yongye Town's own troops, they had a total of 2,100 soldiers.

Sky Blade Alliance had just moved their men and was set on having a battle to the death with Shanhai City. Suddenly, Shi Wanshui received a retreat call and helplessly brought back the 1st regiment.

As the territory expanded, the position of the city’s west camp continued to expand toward the west. As they cleared the raider camps in the west, the city’s west camp moved west again. Now, it was set on a small hill just 10 kilometers away from the edge of the territory.

Ouyang Shuo chose to retreat, as he obviously had his considerations.

The Sky Blade Alliance would have high morale if Ouyang Shuo chose to fight at this moment. If he wasn't careful, the two leaders Ba Dao and Xiaofeng Canyue would use victory to solidify the alliance's goals and hearts. Based on the strength of the 1st regiment and their limited siege weapons, it was really difficult for them to take down the built up Yongye Town. Even if they did, there would suffer heavy casualties, which didn't fit his strategic mindset.

On the other hand, if he chose to surround them and not attack, the Sky Blade Alliance would not choose to take the initiative to advance. As time went on, the alliance troops would be unable to stay in the long term. They would definitely panic if he dragged out things for a longer period of time.

The time wasn't right. Ouyang Shuo was still waiting for the Combat Logistics Division to build ladders. He was also waiting for the 3rd regiment to finish the east camps and finish training the new troops.

After the raider operation, Ouyang Shuo's goal was still to attack the mountain bandit stronghold to help solve this problem for the mountain barbarians. Additionally, this would allow him to get more of the barbarians to move down the mountain.

8th month, 29th day, Yongye Town.

"Shanhai City has retreated. What should we do?" said the lord of Gushan Town.

Yishui Lord Ruoshui Qianxin panicked. Her territory was very close to the east of Shanhai City, so she was afraid of being sneak attacked, “Since they have already retreated, we should go back."

"No!" Heise Pifeng freaked out, “Once you all leave, what if they attack? I'm sure that is his plan."

"But we can't all sit here and waste time. Why don’t we go out and fight with them?" Dengtai Baifang didn't like doing nothing, and he hated feeling cooped up.

Ba Dao frowned and looked at Xiaofeng Canyue, “What do you think?"

"Based on our troops strength, if we give up the advantage of the city wall, we would definitely lose. It's not like all of you haven't seen the strength of their famous army. Their heavy armored infantry were directly opposite to us," Xiaofeng Canyue said helplessly.

Ba Dao nodded, “You're right. However, his considerations are valid. If we just sit here and wait, Shanhai will pick us off one by one in the end.”

"Since that’s that case, we can only request for assistance," Xiaofeng Canyue was looking very serious, “The Yanhuang Alliance are enemies with them. If we can get Di Chen to help us, Shanhai City wouldn't be a problem.”

These words shocked Ba Dao, and he spat out, “No, that would be inviting a wolf into our house. They aren't a charitable organization. It's easy to invite them, but it's hard to ask them to leave. Aren't you afraid that they’ll attack us from within?"

"I also think that it's not suitable," Ruoshui Sanqian and Dengtai Baijiang agreed with one another.

No one noticed that Heise Pifeng appeared out of sorts at the side, as an evil light flashed through his eyes. He was a cruel person. Now that his territory was in danger, even if it meant inviting a wolf in, he would do so. Heise Pifeng had already made a choice. Even if the alliance didn't accept it, he would contact Di Chen on his own.

Xiaofeng Canyue was frustrated, “This can't be done, that can't be done. Ba Dao, so what should we do?"

In this moment, the atmosphere was very tense and depressed.



* * *





Chapter 221




Chapter 221-

Chapter 221- Leading the Wolf into the Room

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

After the discussion, the members of the Sky Blade Alliance all left unhappily and brought their various troops back to their territories .

This result forced Heise Pifeng up the cliff . He had no choice but to directly write a letter over to Di Chen . He promised that as long as Di Chen was willing to help, Yongye Town would become a vassal of Handan .

Handan City, lord's manor .

Di Chen passed Heise Pifeng's letter over to Fenghua Juedai and asked, “So, what do you think?"

Fenghua Juedai took the letter and scanned through it, “This lord's motives are obvious . He wants to use us to protect his base . "

"That's right, but this is also a chance for us . A chance to lock up Shanhai City, right? As long as we nail down this nail, we will gain control over future events," Di Chen had seen through everything .

"The situation isn't clear, and it isn’t easy to make a move . If we provoke a lion, we must have confidence in killing it . If not, it might retaliate and bite us—even swallow us . "

Di Chen frowned, “Your idea is to join up with the rest of the Yanhuang Alliance and work together?" The military power of Handan City was definitely not enough to go against Shanhai City, let alone destroy it . As for Yongye Town, it was not even part of his considerations .

Fenghua Juedai shook her head and said, “No, if we use the strength of the Yanhuang Alliance, this could turn into a large scale war between their alliance and ours . Now is not the right time to have a full-scale confrontation with the Shanhai Alliance . We should only fight when the time is right . If we fight now, only the smaller territories will benefit . "

"Then, what is your idea?" Di Chen couldn't understand .

"It's very simple . We can't show ourselves in this, so we need to let another person go ahead . "

"Sha Pojun?"

"That's right! He has already developed a deep hatred toward Qiyue Wuyi . If we let Heise Pifeng meet up with Sha Pojun, they will immediately click . With this, Handan City will be totally uninvolved, and we will remain unaffected whether they succeed or fail . If it succeeds, it’s naturally a happy thing . But if it fails, we could take the chance to understand their strengths . " Fenghua Juedai's tactic of using another to kill her target was incredibly scheming .

"Amazing!" Di Chen was delighted, “We still need to plan the specifics so that it will be enough to hurt that Qiyue Wuyi . "

Fenghua Juedai kept quiet and didn't say anything .

8th month, 30th day . Shanhai City collected 8,500 gold in the latter half of the month . In addition to the 4,500 gold that the 1st regiment acquired from raider camps, and the deduction of the class change costs, Shanhai gained a total of 11,500 gold . The Financial Department sent an official to bring four thousand gold to rush to Tianshuang Town and build the Four Seas Bank branch .

Ouyang Shuo kept a thousand gold and passed the remaining 6,500 to the Financial Department . As various projects came to an end, the construction costs would have to be paid on time . The sum that he passed to the Financial Department was totally not enough . Ouyang Shuo was looking forward to the east raider operation to acquire another sum to pass to the Financial Department .

Based on the final calculations, it cost 2,000 gold to build Xinan University, the five bridges cost 500 in total, and the inner city roads also cost a large sum . Even though these roads weren't completed, the invested amount wouldn't be less than five thousand gold . As for the big bridge that connected Shanhai City, Qiushui City, and Friendship City, it cost 1,500 gold .

As the profits from the wine workshop and the colored silkworms increased, the profits grew more and more optimistic . Every month, it already brought in 500 gold . The Four Seas Bank interests rates were also rising, and the monetary help they needed had lessened . If not for that, the profits from the mine and the saltpans alone could never sustain the expansion and growth of the territory .

This round of Shanhai City's basic buildings cost over 10 thousand gold in construction fees . Ouyang Shuo also wanted to start the plans on the outer city roads after the inner city structures were completed . The building of the roads was a bottomless pit, so this wasn't something a normal territory could afford .

Gaia first year, 9th month, 1st day . It was the start of the school season .

"World Notification: the holidays are over, and classes are officially opened . Kids of age can choose whether or not to go to school . They can freely choose their standard and when they go to school, as well as the subjects they will take . Each subject will have tests and marks will be given . The grades will affect their achievement value . As for the specifics, players need to explore for themselves . "

In reality, their bodies were frozen, which was similar to time being stopped . Even if players weren't willing to go to school, it wouldn't affect their learning . Hence, the federal government didn't force the students to go to lessons in the game . And from primary school all the way to university, grades would be used to separate students . Thus, they had a huge freedom of choice .

The virtual classes were similar to quest spaces, except time flowed at the same rate as the real map .

Ouyang Shuo had already planned out Bing'er's learning quests . In the morning, she would learn science and cultural knowledge; in the afternoon, Mr . You would teach her Sinology in the lord's manor . He realized that this little brat was slightly rebellious, so he needed to keep her in check . If not she would grow a lot worst .

Ouyang Shuo didn't expect Bing'er to have great achievements when she grew up . He let her learn Sinology to help her develop good values and culture, shaping her into an upright person .

On the same day, Song Jia selected 500 nominal disciples from the 1,000 people that signed up . The design of the Dongli Sword Sect was already completed, and the Construction Division had already sent people to start working on it . The uneven mountain roads added a lot of difficulty to the project . Zhao Dewang predicted that it would take at least a month to complete .

Helplessly, Song Jia could only use a large courtyard in the official residence area to house the 500 nominal disciples and teach them the sect’s techniques .

Song Jia looked really scary when she became serious . This lady took charge of everything that had to do with the sect, and everything had to go through her .

Apart from the sect grounds, there were also other issues to settle when building a sect . Firstly, sect ranks and standards must be set up . Uniforms must be designed based on their positions . Secondly, a set of weapons must be made for the disciples, mainly swords and knives, but also hidden weapons .

Most importantly, the future income source of the sect must be solved . Their daily expenses and the costs for weapons and uniforms all required large amounts of money . Especially weapons, a good exquisite iron sword cost 3 gold . Since Song Jia 500 had nominal disciples, each one having a sword would mean 1,500 gold .

The sects of old would have vast quantities of farmland at the bottom of their mountains, which they would utilize to earn money through agriculture . Alternatively, they would have their junior disciples run hotels, inns, or brothels in the city; or they would sell salt or transport goods—all profitable businesses . They could also be a beggar sect and ask the lower ranked disciples to beg for money, resulting in a sizeable income . The worst case was for them to do some robbing to earn money .

What about Dongli Sect? The bottom of the lone peak could be reclaimed as farmland, but no farmer would be willing to do so . As Shanhai City had large amounts of arable land waiting to be reclaimed, unless their brains had a problem, they would not go and be a tenant and rent a piece of farmland under the Dongli Sect . If one talked about shops, most shops in Shanhai City already had owners, and it was hard to get into businesses . Furthermore, they needed talent and money to run a shop, neither of which the sect had . As for transporting and selling salt, the authorities handle both of these, and Ouyang Shuo wouldn't make an exception even for Song Jia .

Thanks to the current situation, Song Jia finally realized that it was tough to run a sect . Helplessly, she could only take 1,000 gold away from Ouyang Shuo .

Song Jia was from the Song Family Financial group, so she had a mind for business .

She knew that she couldn't randomly spend the 1,000 gold, and she couldn't just ask Ouyang Shuo for money every time she needed it . He had given her the secret manual, he had chosen the sect location, and even the recruiting of members used the name of the lord's manor . His city’s Construction Division had built her sect, and he had paid the fees . If this continued, she wouldn't be helping him . Instead, she would be causing problems for him .

After she pondered for awhile, Song Jia thought of a good idea .

As the Chinese said, if you face a mountain, you depend on the mountain; if you face the water, you depend on the water .

To earn money, she had to make use of the lone peak—other ideas were not dependable . The lone peak platform was a pleasant environment to grow herbs, and there were suitable spots for both herbs that liked the sun or the darkness . If they could build a medicine garden, it could let the money roll in .

As for the sales of the medicine, the Medical Department wouldn't reject them .

After Ouyang Shuo heard Song Jia's idea, he was very supportive . He personally brought her to greet Dr . Song and the manager of the medicine garden . Then, he asked them to send men to guide them on how to build a medicine garden on the mountain .

The medicine garden in the territory was built in the east suburbs, as it was a basic building . Its environment was naturally bad, and the medicines didn't grow well . As such, it couldn't keep up with the needs of the medical department . This problem had annoyed Dr . Song, so he obviously supported this suggestion wholeheartedly .

Apart from that, Ouyang Shuo also specifically found Tian Wenjing and asked him to contact the mountain barbarians . They would be tasked with collecting seeds and seedlings . Then, they would pass the collected items to Song Jia and ask her to let men plant them on the mountain .

Ouyang Shuo moved a lot of resources to help Song Jia build a 1,000 mu medicine garden on the lone peak platform .



* * *





Chapter 222




Chapter 222-

Chapter 222- Hand in Glove

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

Yongye Town, Lord's Manor .

As Ouyang Shuo busied himself with the lone peak medicine garden, Di Chen had linked up Sha Pojun and Heise Pifeng . These two were finally working together, forming a temporary alliance .

"How many troops did Shanhai City arrange at the east?" Sha Pojun asked . To take revenge on Ouyang Shuo, Sha Pojun had spent a lot—2,000 gold to teleport an elite army of 2,000 .

Heise Pifeng hadn’t remained idle; he said, “I've investigated . They have one full regiment on the west, a total of 2,500 men . "

Sha Pojun frowned, “If it's like that, just depending on the two of us isn't enough to destroy that regiment, right?" Although Sha Pojun had a deep hatred for Ouyang Shuo, he didn't lose his mind .

"Brother Sha don't worry . I've contacted Xiaofeng Canyue and Chengfeng Polang from the Sky Blade Alliance . They will arrive soon," Heise Pifeng said with a lot of confidence .

"Great!" Sha Pojun was delighted .

Xiaofeng Canyue originally advocated getting outside help, and Chengfeng Polang was like Yongye Town, who directly faced Shanhai City's threat . Heise Pifeng had made it clear in the alliance channel that he had already invited Sha Pojun, who had brought a 2,000 strong army .

Xiaofeng Canyue was also very ambitious . She knew that she couldn't hesitate at such a time, so she brought over 1,000 of her elites and Chengfeng Polang brought 500 .

Although Ba Dao didn't come, he promised to take part in the operation and attack from the east to tie up Shanhai City's military, forcing them to fight a war on two fronts .

They were very clear that this operation had to succeed . Once they failed, they would face the wrath of Shanhai City, and there would be no room for negotiation .

Even Sha Pojun didn't have the ability to send a second reinforcement squad in a short time . His 2 thousand strong army, the teleportation cost was already 4,000 gold, which was a huge sum to Asura City .

Heise Pifeng was also a ruthless person . To protect his own base, he didn't mind dragging down his allies .

9th month, 2nd day in the afternoon, a 4,000 strong army secretly met at Yongye Town .

The 4,000 strong army was composed of sword-shield soldiers, archers, and about 1,000 cavalries .

In the wee hours of the morning, they made use of the dark sky to sneak out of Yongye Town .

Their target was the Shanhai City west camp . It was only around 20 kilometers away from Yongye Town .

As darkness masked the troops, the soldiers had no choice but to light torches so that they could see their path . The light from the fires created the illusion of a fire dragon in the wilderness . This sight scared off the leopards and tigers that came out to find food, and they rushed into hiding .

At 3 AM, the troops reached the Shanhai City border . To prevent the sentries from spotting their tracks, they extinguished the fires and made use of the little light to continue forward .

Shanhai City hadn't built a settlement here yet near the border, as they had only recently acquired this territory . On the way here, one could occasionally see empty towns or villages that Shanhai City had taken from the previous lord's . However, Shanhai City hadn’t sent any residents to live there .

When they saw these conquered territories, Heise Pifeng and the others felt threatened . If they did not unite to fight together, the situation before them would probably be their future .

As they had just won a war, the city west camp head Shi Wanshui grew careless, and he didn't arrange any night patrols . In his mind, it would be enough if he didn't bully others . Who would have the courage to attack Shanhai City?

At 5:30 AM, the army of 4,000 was like a specter that suddenly appeared outside the city west camp . The sky was slightly bright and a red sun rose up from the horizon .

As an advanced barrack, the city west camp was very well protected . It had thick wood walls and arrow towers . The invading troops killed the tired and unfocused sentries on the tower before they could warn the others . The last sentry gave out a cry as the enemy shot him down .

"Ahhhh!" a loud scream broke the silence of the wilderness and sounded the horn of death .

The sound threw the camp into a frenzy . The ones that patrolled within the camp reacted the fastest, and they rushed toward the gate doors . At the same time, a small squad broke off to wake up the soldiers of each unit .

Sha Pojun was the commander of this operation . When he saw that they had alerted the enemy, he tossed aside his intentions of infiltration and shouted, “Kill!"

The 2,000 odd sword-shield soldiers were like a pack of hungry wolves, as they charged toward the camp gates . Soldiers that carried huge logs rammed the gate . As no one was defending the gate, it looked like the soldiers could knock it down soon .

Luckily, at this time, the patrolling squad had rushed over and used their bodies to block the gate . At the same time, they used a circular piece of wood to block the gate to try and win time for the troops .

Under the assault of 2,000 men, the less than 10 men squad could not prevent the destruction of the gate for more than a few minutes . The invaders destroyed the gate and knocked the patrolling squad to the ground .

The captain of the patrolling squad, a rank 8 elite, grabbed the spear in his hand and hollered, “Kill!"

The enemies that broke in raised their blades and mercilessly chopped . The captain's spear stabbed into the stomach of one soldier . Unfortunately, the soldier’s blade chopped down and instantly killed the captain . The other squad members didn't even have the chance to climb up, the enemies slashed and none of them survived . The troops that followed stepped onto the bodies of the patrolling squad, turning them into meat paste .

The sword-shield soldiers started to form squadrons . Like a pack of hungry wolves, they dashed toward the tents . The shouting and killing had alerted the Shanhai Army soldiers in the tents . Some had already dressed up, while others just grabbed their weapons and directly engaged the enemy .

The soldiers of the 1st regiment were elites of the Shanhai Army . Hundreds of battles had tempered each and every one of them . Even if they didn't wear their armor, they weren't afraid; they weren’t even at a disadvantage . They fought off the enemy troops and gathered together . Then, they dashed out of the tent to gather with the main troops .

The enemy cavalry charged up under the command of Sha Pojun . They weaved in and out between the tents, as they focused on the groups that had formed up . This action prevented the soldiers of the 1st regiment from gathering up, which forced them all to fight alone .

The archers at the back fired wave after wave of arrows at the various tents, ruthlessly reaping away the lives of the Shanhai soldiers in the tents . .

At this moment, the enemy had thrown Shanhai City's 1st regiment into chaos, and the troops could not gather up . The battle cries, the sounds of sharp arrows, the sounds of warhorses, and moans of pain from the injured formed a despondent song .

As a special rank general, Shi Wanshui's instincts were very strong . After the patrolling squad discovered something strange, he immediately woke up . As a general with vast experience, he didn't run out to check the situation . Instead, he started to don his armor .

After he wore his armor, he grabbed his spear and walked out of the tent . At this moment, the enemies were still attacking the main gates of the camp . As he faced this attack, he didn’t ask why or who the enemy was first . Instead, he gathered the troops .

Shi Wanshui sent out his personal troops to sound the alert for help .

He commanded the patrolling squads to wake up all the soldiers, and he ordered them to suit up and gather near him .

While he waited for the troops to gather, Shi Wanshui asked his personal guards to fire the warning signal .

When the sentries on the other end saw the signal, they instantly fired theirs . One fired after another, as they worked together to pass the warning signal all the way to the main base . The troops that guarded the walls—the City Protection Unit—saw the warning signal and split into two groups . One group went to report to the main camp of the City Protection Unit; and the other made their way to the Lord's Manor to inform Ouyang Shuo .

The fastest unit to gather was the first unit . Shihu brought 500 armored warriors and rushed over . They were located behind the camp, so they had enough time to gather troops .

When he saw the first unit rush here, Shi Wanshui calmed down . He had confidence with the first unit here .

When he heard the sounds of killing increase, Shi Wanshui made the decision to retaliate, as he gathered all the troops along the way . He ordered the first unit to form a defensive formation, and they slowly advanced toward the second unit .

On the way there, they met a bunch of enemy cavalry, who weren't able to break down their defensive line . The first unit cut them to the ground . When the soldiers along the way saw the first unit, they rushed out and gathered with them .

Hence, Shi Wanshui used the first unit to open the road to gather more troops . As they went further, they reduced the number of men that dared to provoke them . When they got to the second unit, they had already expanded to 1,000 men .

As the 2nd unit was closer to the front, the difficulty of wearing the Buren Armor caused issues . The situation forced the mountain barbarians to helplessly use their shields and Tang blades to fight the enemies, which resulted in huge losses .

The sight of the large group of reinforcements delighted the lucky survivors . The 1st unit pushed up the defense line to buy the 2nd unit time to don their armor . At that moment, Li Mingliang brought the 3rd unit to reinforce them .

When he saw that the enemy troops were about to form up, Sha Pojun didn't dare to tarry . He gathered up his troops to prevent them from being split off .

Both sides had started to gather their troops, as they awaited the final battle .

Shi Wanshui made some calculations . In a short hour, the 1st regiment had lost 700 soldiers, which infuriated him . Such a big loss had never happened to him . When he saw the enemy troops gather, he didn't try to rashly force it . Instead, he ordered his guards to send a distress signal to the main camp .



* * *





Chapter 223




Chapter 223: TWO Chapter 223 - Reinforcement

Chapter 223 - Reinforcement



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



The rushing horseshoe clatters broke the peaceful morning of Shanhai City as the two horses galloped on the commerce street. The troops reached the black tortoise gate and shouted, "Open the gates, there are urgent military matters!"

The ones defending the black tortoise gates were also city protection unit members, and seeing that they were the members protecting the north gate, they immediately ordered to open the city gates.

Going past the black tortoise gate, the cavalry split up. One went left into the barracks and the other continued straight to the lord's manor. He got off the horse and slammed the door. "Open up! Quickly open up!"

The guard opened the door. "Who’s knocking?"

"Quick, bring me to the lord, there are urgent military matters!" The cavalry said anxiously. He didn't dare to be slow, asking the cavalry to wait in the hall before running toward the backyard.

Ouyang Shuo received the information and rushed to the meeting hall.

"Lord, the city’s western camp has sent a distress signal."

Ouyang Shuo was astonished and had a bad feeling. He didn't have time to think and ordered, "Order all city protection unit members to go to their positions; order the northern and eastern camps to gather and wait for my command; order the Beihai Naval fleet’s 1st unit to sail here, the territory will enter level two emergency.”

"Yes sire!"

At the same time, the Guards at the Wuying courtyard were shocked. Captain Wang Feng dressed up and rushed to the meeting hall to get his orders, Ouyang Shuo didn't nag and just ordered them. "Gather your troops and follow me to assist the city’s western camp."

"Yes sire!"

Ouyang Shuo returned to the main courtyard and wore his Mingguang armor, carried his exquisite iron spear, and returned to the front courtyard. In the Wuying Courtyard, the guards were already gathered.

Before they left, the Director of Military Affairs, Ge Hongliang, rushed over, Ouyang Shuo, who was sitting on a Qingfu horse, ordered, "Director Ge, you are in charge of the main camp, direct the northern and eastern camps as well as the Beihai naval fleet. Get ready to reinforce the city’s western camp." Because he didn't understand much about the enemy, Ouyang Shuo didn't dare to move large amounts of troops.

"Yes sire!"

Ouyang Shuo stopped hesitating and hollered, "Guards! Move out!"

The city’s western camp was 60 kilometers away from Shanhai City. Ouyang Shuo didn't dare to slack and ordered the guards to rush there, their breakfasts were settled on horseback to try to reach the western city camp as fast as they could.

City’s western camp

As the camp had limited space, Sha Pojun, who had the numbers advantage, didn't want to have a mixed battle in the enemy camp and ordered his troops to group up and retreat out of the camp.

Shi Wanshui was busy gathering up the wounded and both sides kept a distance with a tacit understanding to regroup. After the enemy backed out of the camp, the 1st regiment had already formed up.

"Major general, what should we do next?" The first unit’s major Shihu said.

The other majors looked towards Shi Wanshui, waiting for his plan.

Shi Wanshui kept silent and analyzed the situation calmly. "The enemy is twice our number, so we can only defend on the back foot and wait for reinforcements."

The 4th unit major Zhao Yan suddenly said, "Major general, I've been closely analyzing the battle and found that although t

hey have a lot of men, their strength isn't strong. The main camp is 60 kilometers from here and I'm worried that before they arrive the enemy would want to burn down our camp. Why not take the initiative and attack to defend?" The ranks of the 1st regiment were not only high, but the soldiers were also trained by Shi Wanshui, so their combat power wasn't something that Sha Pojun could compare to.

What Zhao Yan saw, Shi Wanshui obviously saw too. Based on their strength, they had a fighting chance, but he was worried if they went head to head, it would cause heavy casualties.

"Major General, let's fight! This fight is too humiliating, they actually bullied us at our home. Since our morale is so high, we could make use of it. Just defending would instead lower morale, I fear it isn't a long-term strategy." The 3rd unit’s major Li Mingliang supported and suggested a fight.

Shi Wanshui froze and he looked at the 4 majors, their eyes were lit with the thirst for battle and were waiting for Shi Wanshui's orders.

Shi Wanshui finally made the decision. "Ok, let's go head to head with them. We can't lose Shanhai City’s military might; we must let them see what elites are."

"Yes sire!" everyone replied.

The soldiers of the 1st regiment lined up neatly and moved out of the camp, row after row. The ones in front were the archers of the 1st unit, who were in charge of countering their long-range attacks; behind them were the 1st and 2nd units; the left wing was the 3rd cavalry unit, and the right wing was the spearmen unit.

When the battle started, neither side hesitated and launched attacks simultaneously.

The 1st regiment, with their backs against the camp, chose to take the initiative. Once the enemies got into range, the 5th unit fired wave after wave of arrows on the enemies.

Sha Pojun's strategy was to use the cavalry to break down the 1st regiment line of defense, while the sword shields soldiers at the back would advance, and the archers would provide cover fire from the back.

Facing the high-speed light cavalry soldiers, the 5th unit could only afford to fire two waves before avoiding to the sides, opening up the middle before moving to the back. The 1st and 2nd units moved up and raised their shields to welcome the cavalry charge.

This was the battle between spear and shield.

The light cavalry soldiers were like a flood, crashing into the front. The mountain barbarians could clearly see the white steam coming out from the noses of the war horses. The cavalry raised their spears, and the heads of the spears shimmered in the light like they were choosing who to bite into.

Shihu and Shibao, the two majors, stood at the front of the forces and shouted, "Block!"

"He!" The elite mountain barbarian soldiers made a series of shouts, using the shields in their hands to try and fend off the charging cavalry. At the same time, they hacked down using the Tang Swords in their left hands directly at the weak legs of the horses.

It was like the cavalry was smacking into a steel wall. After penetrating the first layer, there was a second then a third. Of those that were knocked into, like a can being forced open, their shields broke and their armor crushed them down onto the ground. As the cavalry trampled on them, they were pounded into meat paste, their blood staining the Buren armor slowly seeping out onto the ground. The long spears with the momentum of the charge pierced through the Buren armor and took life after life.

Reaching the third layer, the cavalry could not proceed any farther and had no more energy to continue charging.

The iron flood started to surround them, stepping on the bodies of their fallen comrades. With the fire of revenge, they waved their weapons, one horse after another fell to the ground. Before the warriors could get up, they were cut into pieces by the sword-shield soldiers.

With the change of position from defense to attack, the unblockable attack from the cavalry became an instant reverse slaughter.

The cavalry tried to use their spears to retaliate. Unfortunately, it was useless without the power and momentum from charging. Facing the high defense of the Buren armor, the spears couldn't penetrate through.

When the heavy armored infantry troops had cooled down the enemy cavalry, the 3rd major Li Mingliang finally made a move. He drew his Tang Sword nd waved it forwards, shouting, "Cavalry unit, charge!"

"Kill!" Numerous Tang Swords were drawn, exuding a strong killing aura.

The cavalry unit came in from the left, suddenly going past the sword shield soldiers of the enemy to attack their backmost line. The defenseless archers could only fire a wave of arrows before being killed by the cavalry. They only wore simple leather, how could they defend against the charge?

The 3rd cavalry troops crisscrossed around the archers, their blades screaming with bloodthirst. As the light shone across, a human head dropped to the ground. The place where the archers were standing in slowly became a human hell. Enemy screams couldn't be heard as they were often killed with one blade. The cavalry unit was like a high-efficiency harvester, mercilessly taking life after life. The heads of the enemy were strewn all over. After being crushed by the warhorses, they sunk into the ground, the brain juices and the mud mixing together, making one unable to differentiate the two.

The archer forces being ambushed caused Sha Pojun to helplessly order a portion of his sword shield soldiers who were charging behind the cavalry to fall back to assist.

If one said that the alliance cavalry was a sharp knife, the sword shield soldiers behind them were like fruit knives. They looked simple, but their killing ability was shocking. They took the chance that the heavy armored infantry was being cooped up by the cavalry, to dash up, causing the 1st and 2nd units to be under attack.

Originally, it was the perfect opportunity. If one commanded properly, there was a chance to wipe out the entire 1st and 2nd unit. Unfortunately, the attack from the 3rd unit forced a portion of the soldiers to retreat. At the same time, the 4th unit that wasn't doing anything entered the fray and used their spears to buy time for the 1st and 2nd units.

In that moment, the battle was in a stalemate. Both sides had thrown in all their troops. It was a race against time. If the alliance could kill the 1st and 2nd units, then victory was theirs.

On the other hand, if the 3rd unit destroyed the archers and attacked from the back, then it would be the end for the alliance.

Intense killing shouts filled the sky. At the most intense moment, Shi Wanshui had to put down his command and enter the fight himself to buy some time for the heavy armored soldiers.

Just at that moment, with the sounds of horse hooves, a flag fluttered in the air. On it was a golden dragon facing the sun, shining brightly.



* * *





Chapter 224




Chapter 224: TWO Chapter 224 - Turning Things Around

Chapter 224 - Turning Things Around

Translator - TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The orderly clatter of the horseshoes shocked both sides, causing the battle to come to a stop.

"The Lord Flag, it's the lord. The lord personally brought the Guards unit to assist us." The 1st regiment soldiers were delighted.

On the opposite side, the enemy troops morale dropped to the freezing point. Sha Pojun and the others muttered, "How? How did they rush here so fast? It's not possible, no!"

The Guards unit had made the record of traveling 60 kilometers in just 2 hours, from Shanhai City all the way to the city west camp.

Ouyang Shuo walked to the front of the group. After analyzing the situation, he didn't hesitate or take any rest, directly leading the Guards unit to rush towards their sword-shield soldiers.

Sha Pojun didn't give up and made a final struggle. He ordered the sword-shield soldiers to give up on killing the enemy sword shield soldiers, and raise their shields to block the cavalry's charge.

The Guards unit was the elite of the elite, the sharpest weapons of all, all of them were equipped with Mingguang armor, and rode on Qingfu horses. They were each equipped with a lance, a Tang Blade, a strong bow, and other top class equipment; their average rank was a terrifying 8th rank, and there were even rank 10 war elite soldiers.

Such strong men, how could anyone block their charge? The sword shield soldier formation, which looked to be impenetrable, was like paper and was one-shotted by the Guards from one end of the formation to the other, tearing it apart. The shining horse lances, under the huge momentum, effortlessly pierced through their armor, fresh blood splattering into the air. In the sword shield soldier formation, there appeared a long trail of emptiness strewn with many dead bodies.

After charging, the Guards took their lances and turned their horses around, pulling out their exquisitely built Tang blades. They were soldiers who’d been through hundreds of wars and were riding on the best of horses. Before the enemy could react, just as they wanted to cut at the horse legs, the guard's Tang blades had landed on their heads.

This was the same tactic the 1st regiment had used successfully on the light armored cavalry, but light infantry wanting to use that on heavy armored cavalry was the same as throwing an egg at a rock.

The reinforcements from the Guards unit helped raise the morale of the 1st regiment; especially with lord Ouyang Shuo fighting by their side, if they didn't fight with their all, how could they answer to the lord?

The middle troops and the remaining 1st and 2nd units, under the leadership of major Shihu and major Shibao, had started to focus on killing the trapped cavalry.

The 4th unit that was shifted down from the front lines, under the orders of Shi Wanshui, dived into the central troops to assist the 1st and 2nd units for completing the killing against the cavalry.

The Guards unit took over the defensive line and started to attack the sword shield-soldiers of the alliance like how they would to raiders, splitting them up and making them fend for themselves.

In the backmost line, the 3rd unit had killed most of the archers. The sword-shield soldiers who came to support as the number were too little. They couldn't put up a fight, adding with the low morale, they could only eat dust at the back.

The alliance had a big army, but it was being cut off piece by piece, unable to form a whole force. At that moment, even if Sha Pojun wanted to reorganize the troops, it was too late.

The scales of victory was starting to favor Shanhai Ci

ty.

War was a huge test of the ambitions of both sides. Especially for the Guards unit who rushed here and immediately got into the battle, it was a huge test to their fitness.

Perseverance, only through that can one succeed.

……

On the eastern border of Shanhai City, a 2,000 man army had crossed the border and entered Shanhai City’s territory. This was an alliance force made up of Broken Blade Town, Yishui Town, and Gushan Town.

Out of a consideration of various benefits, the Eastern alliance commander, Ba Dao, didn't attack at the same time as the Western alliance troops. He was waiting for confirmation that the western troops had engaged with The Shanhai City army before entering the territory. Based on his view, Shanhai City's main force would be made busy by the western forces, and wouldn't bother about the east.

Unfortunately, what Ba Dao didn't know was that the 3rd regiment that was built not long ago was undergoing a raider operation at the eastern border. After receiving the distress signal, E'Lai sent out a scouting team to patrol the border region.

Hence, once the eastern troops entered the territory, in less than half an hour, they were spotted and reported to E'Lai.

Upon hearing the intel, E'Lai laughed coldly. "An army of fewer than 2,000 men, to think they even dare to stroll into Shanhai City, they really don't put me, E'Lai, in their eyes."

He gathered his troops and laid in wait on the road they had to pass. He knew that the 3rd regiment was just built and filled with rookies. Especially the 1st and 2nd unit mountain barbarian warriors, not only were they not equipped with the Buren armor, even a single hard battle also wasn't fought.

Hence, even though the 3rd regiment had more men, E'Lai wouldn't be so stupid to fight head on. At the same time, he reported the intel back to the main camp.

The one who was in charge in the main camp was Military Affairs director Ge Hongliang, first received the intel from the eastern camp, then the distress signal from the western camp. After confirming the plains were quiet, Ge Hongliang ordered for the 1st unit of the 2nd regiment to assist the western camp, and the 2nd unit would assist the eastern camp, the 3rd, 4th and 5th would stay still and focus on the plains.

The reinforcements of the second unit made E'Lai more confident to swallow the alliance troops to the east.

……

Under the leadership of E'Lai, the 3rd regiment was ready to ambush the east alliance troops. The battle at the city’s western camp had already entered the white-hot stage.

The first one to break the stalemate was the 3rd unit of the 1st regiment, the cavalry used their Tang blades to withhold Shanhai City military's honor, going on a rampage on the remaining archers. As more than half were killed, the soldiers lost their courage to resist and turned and ran, even the reinforcement sword-shield soldiers all lost their morale and started to scatter and run.

The 3rd major Li Mingliang wasn't ready to let them off, the cavalry chased after them, following closely and not letting any escape.

Every cavalryman in the Shanhai City army was armed with horned arrows. As they rode, they used the bows to mercilessly claim more enemy lives.

The arrows shot from the bow made a clear air breaking sound, piercing the leather armor and penetrating the skin, spinning into the bone and intestines.

In the endless wilderness, there wasn't anywhere to hide. The short, wild grasses couldn't block the view of the cavalry as they chased their prey like hunting dogs.

There was nothing more terrifying than seeing your friends die one after another. Their arrows were like a magician's tricks, accurate and endless.

In the end, the deserters couldn't run anymore. High amounts of adrenaline squeezed out all of their stamina, the soldiers were already desperate, and they stopped, raising their hands to surrender.

The surrender was like a plague, the moment it started, it spread and didn't stop.

After the 3rd unit, the 1st and 2nd units took the stage. They were the trump card units of Shanhai City, equipped with the Buren armor and came from various mountain barbarian tribes. They treated honor as their life and would never take a loss.

However today, because of the sneak attack, the soldiers of the 2nd unit were beaten convincingly. If it weren't for the help of the 1st unit, the 2nd unit would’ve been decimated.

Losing their honor and being insulted, one could only use the enemy's fresh blood to wash it off.

The warriors of the 1st and 2nd unit were as close as brothers. They had an understanding, two surrounding one cavalryman, one cutting the leg, the other killing the soldier that fell off.

Since the start, the alliance cavalries hadn’t faced such a tough bone before.

It was like they fell headfirst into an iron barrel in a quagmire, no matter how they tried to turn left and right, what they met was metal. Once the metal barrel started to spin at high speed, they would be grounded by it and smashed.

What was worse was there were a bunch of spear wielding idiots who were ambushing them from behind. These shameless soldiers made use of their advantage to pierce the horses and not the people, it was really shameless.

They didn't want to think about victory, falling into the trap, they wanted to escape from this nightmare.

The cavalry wanted to escape, but the mountain barbarians weren't willing to let them. Their bodies weren't full of the enemy's fresh blood. Around their feet weren't all the enemy's bodies. This wasn't enough to wash off their shame; this wasn't enough to increase their honor.

The warriors wore an early 30 kg heavy Buren armor, so such a highly intense battle exhausted them. But they didn't want to rest, they squeezed dry all their energy to deal the final blows to the enemy. The Tang blades in their hands were still sharp, and the shields that they raised were still unbreakable.

"Ahhhh!” the mountain barbarians hollered, this was the death proclamation that they made to their prey when they were hunting in their tribes. Today, the proclamations were made towards the enemy cavalry.

The shouts spread across the wilderness, awing the hearts of everyone.



* * *





Chapter 225




Chapter 225: TWO Chapter 225 - Ambush

Chapter 225 - Ambush

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Sha Pojun felt like he was in a nightmare, a nightmare that he wanted to quickly wake up from.

When Di Chen told him that he had a chance to sneak attack and scheme against Qiyue Wuyi, Sha Pojun was on cloud nine. He was unable to forget how Qiyue Wuyi humiliated him during the Battle of Zhuolu, saying that he was Di Chen's dog. Such an insult was worse than killing him.

Hatred would make a person lose rationality and he had undoubtedly been consumed by the bloodlust.

Sha Pojun had never stopped to think why Di Chen didn't do it himself and went to find him; he even didn't discuss with his family and directly brought 2,000 elites and teleported to Yongye Town.

He wanted to start his journey of revenge to let his soul filled with revenge burn bright.

At the start, the war was so smooth. They traveled in the dark and weren't spotted even when they were right in front of the enemy. Even when there was a small accident, the battle was still in their favor.

The alliance had smoothly charged into the enemy camp and started to slaughter. Seeing the Shanhai City soldiers one by one falling into puddles of blood, at that time Sha Pojun was having fun and having such a pleasant time.

Sha Pojun had even started to imagine that once he destroyed the sub-camp, he might even be able to lead the alliance troops to continue to attack the main camp of Shanhai City, making Qiyue Wuyi bow at his feet. Right now, he wanted Qiyue Wuyi to beg him to let him know who was who's bitch.

But, when did it start? When did the situation turn on its head?

The gathering speed of the enemy troops was far faster than the alliance expected. The enemy's strength was far stronger than the alliance’s. Those mountain barbarians, even not wearing armor could actually fight head to head with the elite of the alliance.

Victory was so short-lived, and the slaughter couldn't continue. When the enemy’s heavy armored infantry gathered, Sha Pojun knew that the time for him to pick them off had ended and the real hard battle was starting.

Even at that moment, Sha Pojun still thought that victory was still in his hand, as after entering the camp, the alliance forces were twice that of the enemy. If they commanded properly, there's no way they would lose.

Sha Pojun's alliance got into a formation outside the camp, taking the initiative to launch an assault on the enemy. For that, Sha Pojun didn't hesitate to bring his elite cavalry to line up at the front of the forces, equipped with sharp blades.

Unfortunately, the enemy heavy armored infantry was too strong and gave Sha Pojun a huge slap to the face. Shanhai City didn't hesitate to send the heavy armored infantry that Ouyang Shuo had spent large amounts of money on, how would the light armored infantry go against such an unearthly strong heavy armored infantry?

Following which, the sneak attack by the enemy cavalry unit gave Sha Pojun a huge blow.

Sha Pojun wasn't discouraged. He still believed that victory would belong to him. He calmed himself down and spurred his soldiers on, ordering a portion of the sword-shield soldiers back to defend while asking the remaining to advance to try to eat the enemy’s heavy armored infantry forces.

Sha Pojun saw victory was in sight, however, that devil Qiyue Wuyi actually brought a bunch of terrifying heavy armored infantry. The enemy relied on just 500 heavy armored infantry and managed to withhold 3-4 times that of the alliance's troops, destroying their sword-shield soldiers.

What happened next was Sha Pojun's nightmare.

/p

First, the alliance archer forces being totally decimated, and they started running for their lives. Following which, the cavalry forces that Sha Pojun were so proud of were also eaten piece by piece by the enemy’s steel beasts, while only the remaining 100-200 lucky members were able to escape.

Lastly was the total destruction of the alliance forces.

Facing the enemy's heavy armored infantry and heavy armored cavalry attacks, the sword-shield soldiers who were struggling to hold on finally collapsed, raising their hands up to surrender. The warriors were very clear that as infantry, they couldn't escape the chase of the enemy's cavalry. The archers who tried to escape were the best example.

The lords were despondent. After the cavalries were destroyed, they immediately took their bodyguards and escaped. All their courage and faith were destroyed at that moment with nothing left.

They bet everything on this, and what they got in return was the utter destruction of their troops.

The lords were like birds to a gunshot. They even forgot to inform the eastern alliance soldiers who were still advancing through the alliance channel, causing them to be ambushed by the 3rd regiment.

Sha Pojun was about to look down on and despise this bunch of cowards, but he turned around and found that he was actually part of the large group that was escaping. The cavalries who escaped found their lord and together they escaped toward Yongye Town.

Ouyang Shuo was furious. The poisonous bugs that he’d reared for more than six months had retaliated and bit him instead. The thought of letting these lords go back alive had never crossed his mind.

When he saw Sha Pojun appear in the alliance, he knew that the Yanhuang Alliance and himself would have an irreparable relationship. It's either you die or I live.

Ouyang Shuo let Shi Wanshui stay and put him in charge of rounding up the prisoners and save the wounded as well as repairing the camp. He personally brought the Guards unit and the 3rd unit from the 1st regiment to chase the enemies.

At Qiushui City’s eastern suburbs, 15 kilometers away from the border, there was a small mountain. On top of it, apart from wild grass, there wasn't even a single tree. This was the place that E'Lai selected for the ambush; the 3rd regiment and the 2nd regiment 2nd unit were all hiding behind the hill, waiting for the fish to get hooked.

Broken Blade Town’s lord Ba Dao, brought an alliance force of 2,000, not facing any problems on his way. Over time he met a few raider camps. Upon seeing such a huge army, the raiders were like turtles and hid in their shells.

As the journey was peaceful, Ba Dao started to put down his guard, even not arranging a vanguard squad to explore the path ahead.

"Brother Dao, don't you find it weird? We have walked so long, and we haven't even seen a single patrolling soldier, is there a trap?" Gushan Town’s lord Dengtai Baijiang felt a little uneasy.

Ba Dao shook his head. "You're thinking too much, did you notice that there are still raiders in this region? What does this tell you? This means that Shanhai City hasn’t cleaned up this area. Naturally, there wouldn't be soldiers patrolling here. If not, they would be free food for the raiders." Ba Dao's explanation made a lot of sense.

Dengtai Baijing thought about it and felt that it made sense, so he didn't think about it anymore.

Behind the hill, the 3rd regiment’s 3rd unit major, Zheng Liaokai, walked in front of E'Lai and said, "Colonel, they’re here!"

E'Lai was riding the domineering Nian Beast Luosha. "Get ready to move!"

"Yes!"

Until the eastern alliance forces reached the central section of the hill, the 2 cavalry units of a 1000 cavalry were like wildlands spectres, suddenly popping out. Without any hesitation, they charged down the hill.

Closely after the appearance of the cavalry, the 3rd regiment’s archer unit rained down on the alliance forces, suppressing the alliance archers, and applying cover fire for the cavalry forces.

The rain of arrows made a beautiful arc in the air, precisely landing on the archer forces of the alliance troops. When the arrows reached the soldiers, it entered their shoulders and their heads. Those who were hit in the head died instantly, and those who were pierced in the shoulder let out screams of pain. If they weren't attended to in time, there was a chance they would be paralyzed from the waist up.

Such a sudden attack made the alliance forces panicked; they had never expected that they would be attacked at such a time and place.

Ba Dao was flustered, panicking. “Get into formation, get into formation." The sword shield soldiers in the center turned and prepared to turn to the wings to build up the defensive line.

However, it was all too late. Before they could change formations, and before the sword-shield soldiers could raise their shields, the cavalry had made use of the downhill momentum to charge down.

The high speed charging cavalry force was a wide force as it covered the land, instantly messing up the alliance forces. The soldiers in the front cowered in fear and retreated while those at the back were still trying to get into position. The two parts knocked into one another, sending the military into chaos.

Just at that time, the 1st, 2nd, and 4th units made a loop from the back of the hill, appearing behind the alliance forces and stabbing them in the butt.

The mountain barbarian soldiers together with the spearmen started to launch an assault towards the enemies. The alliance forces which were in chaos were unable to coordinate with one another. The command system had failed, and soldiers started to fight for themselves. On the other hand, the 3rd regiment troops were united, and their movements were coordinated. Adding with the cavalry charging about freely in the enemy lines, they held the upper hand in the battle, grabbing onto the enemy troops.

The cavalry of the alliance forces were originally at the front of the force. At this point, however, they were totally useless. Charge in front, and there was no one in front; charge behind, and they were blocked by the sword-shield soldiers. Suddenly, the cavalry commander had an idea and ordered his men to charge up the mountain to get ready to kill the archer unit.

It was easy to go down the mountain but hard to go up. The archer unit at the top wasn't afraid, aiming at them and firing shot after shot. The archer unit captain ordered the soldiers to focus on the horses. Those that were hit felt to the ground, affecting the advance of the cavalry behind them.

On the short mountain road, the archers had managed to shoot 3 waves of arrows, and the cavalry was badly injured. The original 500 cavalries were only left with less than 200. They had struggled to reach the top of the mountain. Just as they were ready to harvest the archers, a general riding a green-scaled beast suddenly appeared in front of the archer unit.



* * *





Chapter 226




Chapter 226: TWO Chapter 226- Pursuit

Chapter 226- Pursuit

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora



Naturally, the General in front of the archer unit was the third regiment colonel, Er'Lai. His mount, Luosha, was entering its first battle. Not only did it not feel out of place, it even excitedly roared, “Niannn!"

The suppression of the beast scared the alliance troops into a frenzy, which made them unable to advance.

Er'Lai stood at the front; he held his halberd and stood as a shield for his troops.

"Face your death!" Er'Lai hollered. He felt no fear even when he faced 200 cavalries alone. He launched an attack and charged into the group. He wielded his halberd and swung it around to perfection. He effortlessly flourished the 20-kilogram halberd. It was like a hook from hell; every wave took a life and made the enemy cower in fear.

Er'Lai's strokes were highly efficient and deadly. After a short moment, he sent blood and flesh flying around.

The Nian beast followed his master and unleashed its bloodthirst and charge abilities. It exuded an aura of ferocity and scared all the mounts; some even fell to the ground.

Luosha had a powerful charge that directly knocked some of the soldiers off their horses. Its horns were sharp weapons, which could easily pierce through the armor of the warhorses, and painted a truly gruesome scene.

The alliance cavalry surrounded Er'Lai, but they could not get close to him. Even if they luckily landed a spear on him, it barely scratched his Buren Armor. Their attacks failed to cause much harm. The same went for the iron armor that covered Luosha's body, head, and joints. As for the other areas, it had scales as strong as the Buren Armor.

Strong attack combined with an unbreakable defense, and the addition of a ferocious beast, the three together made them unstoppable. A man and his mount made the little mountaintop instantly become hell on earth.

Fresh blood flowed down the hill and slowly accumulated into a stream that trickled downward. Amongst the green of the hill, there was a line of striking red.

Such a stunning sight pumped up the soldiers of the 3rd regiment. Their majestic General had made their blood boil, and they charged toward their enemies.

On the other side, the alliance troops were in tatters, their morale at a freezing point, and they were on the verge of collapse.

The commander of the alliance forces, Ba Dao, had a look of despair as he witnessed the slaughter of his troops. He couldn't see any way to salvage this. At the crucial moment, he abandoned his troops and brought ten of his Guards to flee the battlefield, as he turned and escaped to the east.

Ba Dao's escape finally led to the alliance force’s utter collapse.

When they saw their commander escape, the soldiers all lost their will to fight and followed behind.

Dengtai Baijiang gaped, as he looked at Ba Dao’s escaping figure. He was unable to believe his eyes. He couldn't understand how the usually righteous Ba Dao would be such a coward and make such a low-level mistake. When he saw the mess in front of him, Dengtai Baijiang let out a long sigh and fell back. At least he had the slight air of a gentleman; he covered Ruoshui Sanqian and her troops before he followed behind.

People would only reveal their true colors when forced into desperate straits. Ba Dao was such a person. He only found out that he wasn’t as courageous as he seemed when the situation turned sour.

After he fled for four kilometers, he finally realized the extent of the disaster he had caused. He wanted to rush back to reorganize the forces. Unfortunately, it was already too late.

The Shanhai City cavalry relentlessly chased them. When the alliance forces saw that their efforts were futile, they decided to just surrender. Anyways, their lord had abandoned them and the warriors didn't have a psychological burden anymore.

As they needed to round up the prisoners, they missed the best time to make chase, which allowed Ba Dao to escape from death. The other two lords, Ruoshui Sanqian and Dengtian Baijiang, weren't as lucky. The 2nd unit of the 2nd regiment caught and killed them.

With that, the third regiment and the second unit of the second regiment had killed 820 men and captured 1180. At the same time, they had only lost less than 200 men—a total victory.

On the east side, Ba Dao had escaped, but the few lords on the left weren't so lucky.

Ouyang Shuo, his Guards unit, and the 3rd unit of the 1st regiment surrounded Sha Pojun and the rest. The alliance did not even manage to escape the Shanhai City border.

"Sha Pojun, why are you here?" Ouyang Shuo questioned.

Sha Pojun retorted defiantly, “Is it your business?"

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and laughed coldly, “It's not my business; I'm just afraid that someone is being used without them noticing." If Heise Pifeng wanted to find reinforcements, he would have asked Di Chen or Chun Shenjun. Why would he find Sha Pojun? Ouyang Shuo guessed that someone had schemed this and that someone wanted to make use of Sha Pojun.

Sha Pojun's expression changed; he seemed unsettled. However, he forced himself to calm down and said, “B*llshit, I find you an eyesore, and I want to destroy you. It's that simple."

"Good! You have balls! I'll fulfill your desire for death!" Ouyang Shuo didn't chatter on any longer and ordered, “Kill him!"

"Yes, lord!"

There were no challenges in this war. The Shanhai forces had surrounded 200 odd troops and did not allow any of them to escape. They destroyed all of these troop on the border of Shanhai City.

Before Sha Pojun died, he looked at Qiyue Wuyi with anger. 2,000 elite troops had died. He did not know how he would explain this to his family. The only consolation was that he didn't need to pay the teleportation fee. He could only comfort himself in this way to find a positive out of such a bad situation. Qiyue Wuyi's words left a seed of doubt in his head. After Sha Pojun thought hard, Di Chen's actions did seem a little suspicious.

Heise Pifeng could already imagine the outcome that awaited his territory. When he thought back on his past year of running the territory, he couldn’t control his emotions when he realized that Shanhai City would conquer it. He scolded, "Qiyue Wuyi you coward; you're a butcher. You don't deserve to represent the common players."

Ouyang Shuo kept silent. In truth, he didn't have any anger toward Heise Pifeng's actions. If it was him, he could also only take a risk when forced onto such a path.

The winner was king; you die, and I live. The war between territories was just that cruel.

After they destroyed the remaining enemies, Ouyang Shuo recalled the troops and went back to the city west camp.

When he returned, it was pretty much back in order. The 1st unit of the 2nd regiment, under the leadership of Sun Tengfei, had rushed to assist. However, they were too late and didn't arrive in time for the final battle.

In the tent, Ouyang Shuo called the generals for a simple military affairs meeting.

Shi Wanshui made a report of the casualties and painfully said, “My lord, a total of 1,100 troops from the 1st regiment died, nearly half of the troops in the regiment. The 2nd unit is even worst, there are only 100 men left, it will need to be rebuilt."

After he finished the report, Shi Wanshui stepped out and kneeled, “The 1st regiment has lost many troops, as the commander of the city west camp, I have not done my job. Please give me my punishment, lord."

The five other majors all stepped up and kneeled behind Shi Wanshui, “Please give me my punishment, lord."

They had suffered heavy casualties because of their lax defense, which allowed the enemy to launch a sneak attack. Such a mistake, the generals predicted that someone was going to die for it.

Ouyang Shuo expressionlessly said, Come up!"

They all looked at each other. They remained on their knees, afraid to stand up.

"What is this? Do you need me to personally help you all up?" Ouyang Shuo's meaning confused them.

"The losses in this battle were not entirely your fault. Even I didn't expect the enemy to rush over, so I can't blame you all for not expecting the same," Ouyang Shuo said. However, his tone changed, “But to suffer such heavy casualties, you all are to be blamed. The enemy reached the camp and you all didn't notice it, isn't that too slow? The whole regiment must reflect. We cannot be too arrogant and think that just because we are within the border that nothing will happen to us."

"Yes lord," the various officers were all ashamed.

"In the military, we are very fair. If you do well, we will reward you. But if you fail, we will punish you. Shi Wanshui is docked half a year of wages, the five majors three months," Ouyang Shuo announced their punishments.

"We thank the lord for letting us off!"

After this, Shi Wanshui started to talk about the hostage situation, “My lord, we have captured 320 archers, 1,260 sword-shield soldiers, and 54 cavalry—a total of 1634 people."

Ouyang Shuo nodded, “Pass them all over to the Military Affairs Department and temporarily send them to the reserve force. As for the 1st regiment, after this operation ends, we will fortify the forces."

"Operation?" Shi Wanshui didn't understand.

"That's right. The enemy dares to challenge us, so they will have to pay a price in blood. I'll return to the main camp and gather the City Protection Unit and the God Machine Unit to help the first regiment destroy Yongye Town and Guangshui Town. How is it? Do you have confidence?" Ouyang Shuo announced his plan for revenge.

As Yongye Town and Guangshui Town had exhausted many troops now, it was the best time to attack. Ouyang Shuo didn't want to leave them any time to recoup, nor did he want to allow them to recruit and train new forces.

When he heard that they were going to take revenge, the blood of the general boiled. Then, he emotionally said, “Lord don't worry, we won't let you down!" Although the 1st regiment had lost half of their troops, with the help of the City Protection Unit and the God Machine Unit, he had absolute confidence in taking down two empty towns.

As it was wartime, the meeting ended quickly. Ouyang Shuo temporarily stationed the Guards unit and the 1st unit of the 2nd regiment at the city west camp, and he brought ten of his Guards to hurriedly return to Shanhai City.



* * *





Chapter 227




Chapter 227: TWO Chapter 227 - Expedition

Chapter 227 - Expedition

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

By the time he returned to Shanhai City, it was already 4 PM.

He didn't directly rush back to the Lord's Manor. Instead, he headed toward the Military Affairs Department to listen to the report of the military affairs director, Ge Hongliang. When he heard that the 3rd regiment had obtained stellar results, his depressed heart felt a little relieved.

General Er'Lai didn't let him down. With this battle alone, he would gain a footing in the military. He would garner reputation and respect in the 3rd regiment. With him at the head of the 3rd regiment, Ouyang Shuo didn't have to worry at all.

Ouyang Shuo ordered Ge Hongliang to place all the prisoners in the reserve force.

The prisoners from both the east and west sides totaled at 2,800 soldiers. They were all proper soldiers and didn't need to class change. Ouyang Shuo naturally wouldn't waste them. At a proper time, he would place all of them in his army.

Ouyang Shuo told Ge Hongliang about the city west camp operation and asked the Military Affairs Department to assist.

"Director Ge, pass down my words!" Then, Ouyang Shuo commanded, “Order the 2nd unit of the 2nd regiment to rush to the main camp; order the Qiushui Town City Protection Unit

to help the 3rd regiment destroy Yishui Town and Gushan Town. The God Machine Unit shall split into two, one to help the city west camp and the other to help the city east camp to complete this operation."

This time, Ouyang Shuo was really enraged, and he didn't want to give his enemies any chances.

"Yes, my lord!"

After he left the Military Affairs Department, Ouyang Shuo didn't stop and rushed to the inner city barracks. He found the God Machine Unit Major, Wang Yuanfeng. After he gave the major some instructions, Ouyang Shuo returned to the Lord's Manor.

The news of the war had spread out in the territory.

When Ouyang Shuo returned, the manor was bustling. Song Jia and Yingyu heaved a sigh of relief when the saw him come back. Ouyang Shuo's safety had worried them.

Ouyang Shuo sent a message about the ambush he faced in Shanhai City in the alliance channel. He warned his allies to pay attention to their territory borders in case of similar situations.

From this battle, Ouyang Shuo realized that the warning system at the border was far from enough. After the territory increased, they hadn't set up sentry towers at the border, which gave the enemy a chance.

"Sha Pojun is so shameless!" Gong Chengshi scolded.

"Wuyi, is this Sha Pojun's own act or Yanhuang Alliance playing tricks?" Bai Hua asked.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and said, “Baseless guesses have no meaning. Let's wait and see." Ouyang Shuo had similar worries to Fenghua Juedai. He didn't want to start a war between the two alliances so early.

Bai Hua was smart and immediately understood what Ouyang Shuo meant and said, "Understood."

Gaia first year, 9th month, 4th day, Shanhai City.

At 6 AM, Ouyang Shuo brought along his Guards, military affairs secretary Songsan, God Machine Unit Major Wang Yuanfeng, and the 2nd unit of the 2nd regiment. They exited the city and went straight toward the city west camp.

At the city west camp, Ouyang Shuo stopped shortly to meet up with the Guards unit and the resting 1st unit of the 2nd regiment. This time, they set off toward Tianfeng Town, which was at the west-most side of the Lianzhou Basin.

Based on the military affairs secretary’s introduction, Tianfeng Town was 300 kilometres away from Sha

nhai City. It was 240 kilometres away from the city west camp, near the Xila Lake.

Ouyang Shuo's strategic motives were simple—to totally destroy the threat on the west side. He wanted to pluck out the three main lord's on the west of Lianzhou Basin.

For this, he had to bring the troops on a long journey.

Tianfeng Town lord Xiaofeng Canyue definitely wouldn't expect Ouyang Shuo to do that. Hence, Shanhai City purely brought cavalry. They planned to attack them before they could react.

The blistering sun was high up in the sky. Under the directions of the military affairs spy, a 1,500 men elite cavalry force ventured deep into the wilderness, toward the path of revenge.

To increase their speed, they took shorter rests. Ouyang Shuo had also taken 1,500 Qingfu horses from the city west horse stables. This action ensured that each cavalry had two Qingfu horses, so they could substitute between the two on the way.

The Military Affairs Division intentionally chose a route that avoided Yongye Town and Guangshui Town to prevent stirring up more side issues. In the afternoon, the force smoothly went past Yongye Town and entered to the deepest point of the wilderness.

For this long mission, Ouyang Shuo had made ample preparations. Not only did he bring enough Xingjun Tents, he also brought the military grain pills and the two triple-bow arcuballistas, which filled his storage bag to the brim.

9th month, 5th day, a series of simple notifications appeared in his ear.

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for conquering Yongye Town, rewarded 200 merit points."

……

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for conquering Yishui Town, rewarded 200 merit points."

……

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for conquering Guangshui Town, rewarded 200 merit points."

……

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for conquering Gushan Town, rewarded 200 merit points."

……

Ouyang Shuo had conquered the territories of four members of the Sky Blade Alliance one after another, which made Xiaofeng Canyue and Ba Dao panic. The only consolation was that their territories were too far away, which gave them a temporary reprieve from pressure.

The loss of the western alliance troops proved one thing—even with outside help, they couldn’t go against Shanhai City. Instead, they would end up on the receiving end of Qiyue Wuyi's crazy revenge if they took action.

Yongye Town thought that they could survive for a while, but now Qiyue Wuyi had forcefully evicted them.

9th month, 6th day night, the troops had reached Tianfeng Town.

Ouyang Shuo planned to use their tactic against them. He would attack in the early morning tomorrow.

At 5 AM the next day, the sky was slightly bright, and the fog hadn't dispersed. The air was still humid and water droplets formed on the shirts.

The Tianfeng Town suburbs were quiet, and even the most hard working farmers were asleep.

Suddenly, the sound of horseshoes shattered the silence of the suburbs.

The galloping sounds woke the farmers that lived outside the city. A middle aged men muttered, as he opened the door. But when he saw the cavalry troops, his mouth gaped open, and he ran back into his room in fear.

"Husband, who is outside?" asked a woman in the house.

"Hush, don't make a sound," said the astonished farmer. Then, he warned, “Military troops, an endless amount. Seems like we have to fend for our lives again. Haiz, it was so hard to settle down. Why must we face such a situation?"

“Let's just leave matters of war for the lord to worry. Do you think he can win?"

"You're a woman, so what do you know. The little kid from the neighbouring house went to war for the lord, but he didn't return. I heard that none of the people that joined the lord’s army returned." The farmer wasn't as optimistic as his wife.

"Then, what should we do?" said the wife, as she panicked.

"What can we do? Pack up our stuff and run!"

At 6 AM in the morning, a orange red sun slowly rose from the east, and the sleeping town slowly woke up.

At this moment, the Shanhai troops were only two kilometers from Tianfeng Town’s wall. When the patrolling troops saw a large force, they panicked and immediately sounded the alarm.

The resounding alarm broke the peaceful atmosphere and soldiers rushed out of the camps inside the city to the top of the city gate. A fast horse galloped on the streets of the little town, as the rider hollered, “Give way! Quick, make way!"

The rider stopped in front of the Lord's Manor. He didn't deal with his horse and just rushed into the manor. As he ran in, he shouted, Emergency military news! Emergency military news!"

Tianfeng Town lord Xiaofeng Canyue hurried into the meeting hall and asked, “What's the situation?"

"Sire, more than thousands of cavalries have appeared outside of the town, and they don’t look friendly!"

"What? Can you repeat what you just said?" Xiaofeng Canyue was so afraid that he dropped the tea cup in his hand, and it fell to the ground.

The rider didn't dare tarry and described the entire situation.

Xiaofeng Canyue sat on the chair, depressed, It was like he had lost his soul, as he muttered, "Qiyue Wuyi, I didn't expect you to be so ruthless, to actually chase all the way here."

"Sire, what should be do?"

Xiaofeng Canyue froze. When he regained his composure, he said, “Order the troops on the walls to defend. They are cavalry, so they aren't good at sieging. We still have a chance."

"Yes, sire!"

After the rider backed away, XiaofengCanyue couldn't remain calm anymore. He was very clear that the 300 Guards he had put together wouldn't be able to defend the wall.

He opened the alliance channel and contacted the last remaining ally of the Sky Blade Alliance, Ba Dao, “Brother Dao, Qiyue Wuyi is a devil. He has already attacked here, so I hope you can send some troops to help me."

Ba Dao freaked out. His first reaction wasn't to send help to Tianfeng Town. Instead, he ordered troops to patrol and check if there were any Shanhai troops around his territory.

"Brother Xiaofeng, it's not like you don't know. The main forces of Broken Blade Town were destroyed. I want to help, but I can't." What a joke, Ba Dao definitely would not help at such a time.

Ba Dao’s attitude infuriated Xiaofeng Canyue, and he ruthlessly said, “Brother Dao, if the lips die, the teeth will feel cold. Such a theory, you don't need me to explain it to you, right? Qiyue Wuyi has already killed Heise Pifeng and the rest. Now, we can only rely on one another. If you don't help me, Shanhai City’s next opponent will be Brother Dao."

Ba Dao obviously understood this theory. However, everyone had their own troubles. He gritted his teeth and said, “Brother Xiaofeng, don't panic. Once I confirm that there aren't any Shanhai City troops here, I will immediately assist you. How about that?"

Xiaofeng Canyue knew that this was the best that he could get. “I'll wait for you," as he said that, he closed the alliance channel to get ready for battle.

Xiaofeng Canyue knew that the city wall would definitely not hold. To not get conquered, he could only defend the Lord's Manor and buy time for Ba Dao's troops to arrive.



* * *





Chapter 228




Chapter 228: TWO Chapter 228 - Expedition Part 2

Chapter 228 - Expedition Part 2

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Outside Tianfeng Town, seeing the heavily guarded city wall, Ouyang Shuo laughed coldly and ordered his troops to advance. They advanced until they reached around 500 meters away from the city wall.

Ouyang Shuo calmly took out the 2 triple-bow arcuballistas from his storage bag, the Guards soldiers under the god machine unit major Wang Yuanfeng's guidance started to fix and zero the arcuballistas.

After all of that, they immediately started firing at the walls to form steps.

Rows of arrows successfully pinned onto the city wall, and the wall was like an arrow forest, similar to rock climbing walls.

The Guards unit’s first and second squadrons, who were already ready and waiting, under the lead of major Wang Feng, got off their horses and ran to the bottom of the wall, then used the step arrows to climb the wall.

The cavalry unit continued to advance and entered the range of the horn bow. They used their bows and fired towards the city wall, suppressing the city protection soldiers' fire and covering the advance of the Guards unit.

Tianfeng Town had just lost over 1000 men and were only left with around 300, how could they be the opponent of the cavalry unit? Those that revealed themselves were shot by arrows and instantly killed.

The sporadic tossing of rocks was unable to threaten the forces. One after another they successfully climbed up the city wall.

After they climbed up the city wall, they pulled out the Tang blades by their waists and engaged the city defence soldiers.

Making use of the chance, Ouyang Shuo ordered the 3rd, 4th and 5th squadrons of the Guards unit to lift up the battering woods to charge towards the gate to breach the city.

On the city walls, often it was an enemy who died. Although Ouyang Shuo’s troops didn't have a large number advantage, they had an absolute skill advantage, killing and making the enemy retreat.

In less than 20 minutes, the city gates were breached, and the 3rd, 4th and 5th squadrons of the Guards units climbed up the walls to assist.

Ouyang Shuo kept the 2 sets of three-bow arcuballistas, and ordered the troops to enter the city and get ready to harvest their rewards.

The troops strolled into the city gates, smoothly killing anything in their way. From start to finish, this didn’t even take an hour.

After the cavalry entered the city, the residents of the town were flustered as they hid in their houses. Ouyang Shuo didn't bother about these civilians and rushed straight for the lord's manor, only wanting to conquer it.

Tianfeng Town lord Xiaofeng Canyue led his last Guards and all his reserve forces, a total of 500 men, to defend in the lord's manor.

The only thing that made him happy was that 10 minutes ago, Ba Dao had finally brought the last 300 elites from Broken Blade Town over and defended the lord's manor together with him.

All the streets towards the lord manor were blocked up. They made use of the city wall protection soldiers to buy time for the residents to pile wood and stone to block the roads to buy even more time.

Ouyang Shuo seeing such a scene, decided to order everyone to get off their horses and decided to battle infantry style. He left the 3 squadrons of the 2nd unit of the 2nd regiment to take care of the horses, while the rest went past the blockages and resolutely entered the lord's manor.

In the lord's manor, there were 2 temporarily-built archer towers. Xiaofeng Canyue, under the protection of his guard, was on one of the towers. "Qiyue

Wuyi, you are ruthless."

Ouyang Shuo shook his head in amusement. "Since you dare to provoke me, you must expect for your territory to be buried."

"I won't let you succeed!"

Ouyang Shuo didn't want to waste any time with him, turning to Ba Dao who was by Xiaofeng Canyue’s side and coldly laughing. "You are Ba Dao from Broken Blade Town? Your courage is commendable!"

Facing his threats, Ba Dao didn't react. "Today, either you die or I live."

"Great!" Ouyang Shuo hollered, "Attack!"

Ouyang Shuo took out the three-bow arcuballista once again, and under the leadership of Wang Feng, aimed at the 2 arrow towers, ready to remove the height disadvantage.

The one-shot-three-sword arrow was like a cannon, accurately flying towards the arrow tower and slamming into the soldiers on it. Even the tower itself lost a big piece and started shaking.

If Xiaofeng Canyue didn't think quickly enough, jumping down before it fired, he would have probably died.

Wang Yuanfeng tried again, ordering 2 more rounds to be shot. The arrow tower finally couldn't take it anymore, and broke into two parts at the middle, collapsing to the ground.

The soldiers under the arrow tower panicked and backed off, each one of them with their mouths agape. The strength and power of the three-bow arcuballista left a deep shadow in their hearts.

After destroying the arrow tower, Ouyang Shuo ordered the troops to proceed forwards.

"Fire the arrows!" The cavalry became archers, formed up outside the lord's manor and just pelted the inside of the manor with a rain of arrows. The Guards used their sharp knives and charged towards the doors of the manor.

Inside the lord's manor, there were screams. Without a doubt they were shot by the arrows, forcing them to be unwilling to stay on the patio and making them retreat to the walkways. No matter how much Ba Dao and Xiaofeng Canyue ordered them, they didn't dare to stand out.

What a joke, under such an arrow rain, standing in such an open courtyard, one would become a living target.

Behind the door, it was stacked with rocks, making it hard to break through in a while.

Ouyang Shuo decided to reuse his plans, ordering Wang Yuanfeng to shoot step arrows at the walls. The Guards used them to get up the walls, and with jumps, entered the lord's matter and engaged with the enemy.

Five hundred Guards were like 500 lions, starting a slaughter in the lord's manor.

Ouyang Shuo wasn't pleased and ordered a portion of the cavalry to climb up the walls, shooting downwards for the height advantage. The remaining men started to focus their energies on charging the lord's manor.

Xiaofeng Canyue's roadblocks were used by the cavalry as battering rams.

In the lord's manor, the arrow rain stopped. Under the leadership of the 2 lords, the soldiers rushed out of the walkway and started to fight with the Guards unit soldiers.

Even though they had the numbers advantage, they were still pushed back. The reserve force soldiers that they put together were rookies, and fighting against war elite soldiers, they were freaked out and didn't dare to advance.

Ba Dao was ruthless, bringing his elites to the front and engaging the Guards.

The cavalry archers that were on the walls continued to fire arrows to aid their attack. Ba Dao's forces became the priority targets to these archers.

The poor Ba Dao didn't defend himself well and was shot, causing him to kneel on the ground in pain.

The soldiers of Broken Blade Town, seeing their lord injured on the ground, grouped over and tried to drag him away. How would the Guards units give them such a chance? They ferociously charged forward.

In a moment, it was another bloodbath. The soldiers who couldn't focus on defense paid a heavy price to save Ba Dao. At that point, the result of the battle was set.

The cavalry on the walls jumped down onto the patio. A portion of them charged towards the lord's manor door, moving away the stone from the door.

Helplessly, Xiaofeng Canyue could only gather his remaining troops to give up the patio and back off into the meeting hall. Inside, the territory stone steele had slowly risen up, awaiting its unknown fate.

The Guards unit didn't immediately attack the meeting hall, but they helped the cavalry open up the main door. After opening it, Ouyang Shuo brought the rest of the forces into the lord's manor.

As the lord's manor’s space was limited, a large portion of the cavalry was left outside the lord's manor, surrounding the manor to prevent anyone from escaping, especially the lord, Xiaofeng Canyue. At the same time, they were in charge of surveying the territory to prevent other forces from assisting them from the teleportation formation.

After the Shanhai City troops entered the patio, they formed up and prepared for the final battle.

Inside the hall, seeing the enemy troops like fish swarming into the sea, the alliance troops had looks of despair on their eyes.

The Guards unit troops were still at the front, and led the charge into the hall.

The alliance troops had their backs against the wall and had no way out; they could only wish for a better life next time.

In the narrow meeting hall, this became the last battleground of the 2 sides.

The soldiers from the Guards unit had a steel-like mental strength and an unbreakable spirit, charging forward; they weren't afraid of death and treated honor like their lives. Attack and killing were their instincts.

The soldiers were a highly efficient killing machine who proceeded quickly, killing anyone who blocked their way. Death was the best gift that they could give their enemy, and blood was the best present.

Such an atmosphere and scene made the enemy give up and stop struggling.

Xiaofeng Canyue and Ba Dao continued to try to raise their morale to do a final struggle.

Slaughter continued; fresh blood stained the gaps on the rocky floor, flowing everywhere. After being stepped on, there were many bloody footprints, like a cultivation ground of an asura.

The light of the blades shone across and blood splattered everywhere. The injured let out screams of pain and were drowned in the shadows of the blades.

Ouyang Shuo stood outside the hall, looking motionlessly at this slaughter.

As blood stained the earth and allies fell one after another, when their blades was broken in half, when their allies’ blood blurred their vision, the alliance troops lost their courage and tried to escape. They went through the back door and tried to escape through the back courtyard.

Xiaofeng Canyue laughed. He didn't retreat like Ba Dao, pulling the sword at his waist and faced the Guards alone, shouting, "Kill!" This was his final song, as the Guards unit soldiers charged forward and cut him down.



* * *





Chapter 229




Chapter 229: TWO Chapter 229 - Conquering

Chapter 229 - Conquering

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Gaia first year 9th month 9th day, 9:20 AM

Tianfeng Town’s lord Xiaofeng Canyue died in battle.

Xiaofeng Canyue's miserable smile became Ouyang Shuo's deepest memory of this whole battle. Ouyang Shuo could totally understand the feelings a lord had towards his territory.

Xiaofeng Canyue didn't choose to escape, and in the final moment, he made the choice to die together with his territory. Territory warfare didn't have anything to do with righteousness or justice, good or bad. There was only survival, the strong live, the weak die.

Ouyang Shuo walked into the meeting hall, ordering the Guards unit to clean up the rest of the soldiers. He walked to the front of the Tianfeng Town stone steele, retrieving his Tang blade, rotating his golden internal strength, imbuing it into the blade before hacking down. Ouyang Shuo didn't know any blade arts so he could only use pure strength to destroy the stone steele.

The territory stone steele had a certain defence and durability, which was correlated to the grade of the territory and the grade of the village creation token.

For a grade 1 village built using the lowest copper village creation token, its durability was 100, and its defence was 10. For each grade the token upgraded by, its initial stats would increase by 20%; each grade the territory increased, the stats would double; for every huge upgrade, the stats would increase by 5 times.

Tianfeng Town was a grade 3 town, and was made using a copper creation token. Its durability was 8000, and defense was 800. Every time it was attacked, the durability would drop. If the combat power was lower than the defence of the stone steele, one would be unable to break through, but you'd deduct durability points.

Ouyang Shuo's knife removed only 12 durability points. Helplessly, he could only ask his Guards to launch an attack on the stone steele.

Half an hour later, the stone steele was finally destroyed.

The moment that it happened, a notification sounded in his ear.

"System notification: player Qiyue Wuyi has conquered Tianfeng Town. Please choose whether to conquer, hand over to another player, or destroy."

"I choose to conquer!"

Tianfeng Town had a strategic location, so Ouyang Shuo would obviously conquer it. Not only Tianfeng Town, but he chose to conquer the 4 other territories.

"System notification: after conquering, you may rename the territory, would you choose to do so?"

"No!" Ouyang Shuo didn't have the interest and wasn’t in the mood to think of another name.

After conquering the territory, Ouyang Shuo finally had time to deal with the mess.

The battle in the back courtyard of the lord's manor had already ended, and with Xiaofeng Canyue's death, the remaining soldiers surrendered. As for Ba Dao and the others, they were all killed and no one was left alive.

Ouyang Shuo sat in the lord's manor, taking control over Tianfeng Town and giving out a series of commands.

He ordered the 2nd unit of the 2nd regiment to be in charge of removing the military power of the affiliate territories of Tianfeng Town. he informed the residents that Tianfeng Town was under the rule of Shanhai City. He ordered the Guards unit to be in charge of the law and order in the city to prevent looting. He made some of the residents clean up the lord's manor and gave instructions, restoring law and order.

In the afternoon, Tianfeng Town had basically returned to normal.

Ouyang Shuo ordered the 1st and 2nd units of the 2nd regimen

t to immediately return to Shanhai Town and bring back his orders. He ordered the 1st unit of the Beihai naval fleet to go up the Friendship river and rush to Xila lake to defend it. He appointed Construction Division secretary Zhao Dewang as the head of Tianfeng Town, choosing a group of elite workers and officials to come up together with the naval fleet. He ordered the shipyard to send a batch of shipmakers to Tianfeng Town to build a shipyard.

After they left, Ouyang Shuo started to receive all the officials in Tianfeng Town.

The lord's manor was already cleaned up and the bodies were removed, buried in the mass grave outside the city; the bloodstains were cleaned up, and only the air had the thick smell of blood.

Tianfeng Town being a grade 3 Town, amongst players it could probably be ranked in the top 300. Xiaofeng Canyue could also be considered a good leader who had run the territory well.

Tianfeng Town had a total of 23 officials. There were 11 black iron, 2 silver, 1 gold and no historical people.

After two battles, the Tianfeng Town army was nearly wiped out, causing the population of the town to lessen tremendously, totalling only 7000.

After Tianfeng Town was conquered, it would be unable to have any more refugees spawn. Ouyang Shuo would rather migrate all the people from the affiliate territories to the main city to help it break 10 thousand.

As Tianfeng Town was outside of Shanhai City's territory, Tianfeng Town couldn't be considered Shanhai City's, unless Ouyang Shuo moved all of them to Shanhai to live.

Ouyang Shuo obviously wouldn't do that, as he had big plans for Tianfeng Town.

He started to make changes the the administrative structure of Tianfeng Town, similar to that of an affiliate territory of Shanhai City, with 23 officials as the base. This was to build an Administration Department, Internal Affairs Department, Financial Department, and Material Reserves Department. Once Zhao Dewang had brought the elite officials over, Tianfeng Town could immediately start running again.

Out of the officials, the only gold talent was Pu Zhidao, who passed the imperial exams. He was 42 years old and was an important assistant to Xiaofeng Canyue.

Ouyang Shuo was in the lord's office alone with Pu Zhidao.

Civil servants had a backbone such that they wouldn't want to serve a second master, especially so quickly after their old one died. When he entered, he was cold, not willing to discuss with Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo smiled and he didn't mind, asking him to sit before saying, "Tianfeng Town and Shanhai City does have some conflict. Im sure you know, but I hope you can make your judgement on whoever started it."

Pu Zhidao was a bit emotional. As Xiaofeng Canyue's assistant, he was clear that Tianfeng Town picked the fight, which resulted in today's disaster. Since they lost, there was nothing they could say.

Since it was a knot, it wasn't so easy to remove it. Their stand was different so the points which they considered were also different. In his mind, Tianfeng Town's actions were correct, just that their strength wasn't enough.

Ouyang Shuo obviously didn't think that it would be so easy to convince him. "A good official learns and improves, I hope you can consider the wellbeing of the residents. If you don't do anything because of your pride and backbone, they would lose a good official, so why would you do that?"

Pu Zhidao let out a long sigh and bowed, "I greet my lord."

Ouyang Shuo helped him up and said, "With your help, Tianfeng Town will have no worries!"

Ouyang Shuo appointed him the Administration director, with a person who was familiar with the runnings of Tianfeng Town, it would make it easier for him get used to.

The next day, the Guards units got out of the city and started to clear up the raider camps along the border. Ouyang Shuo gave specific instructions that they were not only to clear those around Tianfeng Town, but also all those in the Xila Lake region.

The goal was first to make all the residents live peacefully at night and prove that their ruler had the power to protect their safety; second was to make use of this to gather a bunch of prisoners to build the city protection unit of Tianfeng Town. The Guards units couldn't be sent here for long periods of time, so before leaving, Ouyang Shuo had to ensure that they could defend themselves.

Tianfeng Town's recruitment ability was totally squeezed by Xiaofeng Canyue, so the only method was the raiders.

Ouyang Shuo brought four guards, and after leaving the city, walked towards Xila Lake.

As the brightest pearl to the west of the Lianzhou Basin, the Xila Lake was 3150 square kilometers, much larger than the size of a grade 1 county. Its deepest depth was 35 meters, and had an average depth of 25 meters.

The lake water was clear, such that one could see the bottom. The temperature was good and there was an abundance of fish and grass. Apart from that, many birds rested around the lake and depended on it for survival.

On the surface of the lake, fishermen were rowing their boats and tossing out fishing nets.

Xila Lake was a treasure trove, but Ouyang Shuo temporarily didn't have a plan to make use of it. As he looked towards the water, his heart felt happier instantly.

During the following week, the guards went out in all directions to clear the raider camps. Within a five thousand square kilometer radius, many camps of different sizes were all cleared by them.

This operation earned them 4100 gold, 1020 combat prisoners, 2250 non-combat prisoners, and many different resources, filling up the arsenal and warehouse of Tianfeng Town.

The battle successes of the Guards units awed the residents of Tianfeng Town.

To think that whenever Tianfeng Town tried to clear raiders, they were very careful and planned well, unlike these guards who effortlessly cleared them. Such a strong army brought these residents a sense of security.

The large addition of prisoners made Tianfeng Town's population increase significantly, Ouyang Shuo upgraded the town to a City, becoming the 4th city grade affiliate territory of Shanhai County.

Making use of the funds he gained, Ouyang Shuo chose a bunch of elites from the combat prisoners in addition to the prisoners from Tianfeng City to build Tianfeng City’s city protection unit.

The unit included a sword shield soldier unit and an archer unit, a total of 1000 men. Ouyang Shuo chose a few key men from the Guards unit and left them here to be the major and sergeants.

The job of the city protection unit, apart from protecting the city, was also to continue to clear raider camps.

Based on his thinking, since there were no more refugees spawning, they had to use wild raiders to raise the population.

After the class change of the city protection squad, Ouyang Shuo kept 1000 gold. He kept the remaining 2700 gold to build a branch of the Four Seas bank to boost Tianfeng City’s economy.

A short week after conquering Tianfeng City, Ouyang Shuo's many plans and solutions had breathed a new life into Tianfeng City.



* * *





Chapter 230




Chapter 230: TWO Chapter 230- Storm

Chapter 230- Storm

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

Gaia 1st year, 9th month, 15th day. Beihai Naval Fleet's 1st unit reached Xila Lake.

Tianfeng City, meeting hall.

Ouyang Shuo gathered all the important officials and generals and appointed Zhao Dewang as the city magistrate. He also appointed the Internal Affairs Director, the Financial Director, and the Material Reserves Director.

Beihai Naval Fleet's 1st unit broke away from the fleet and became known as the Xila Sailor unit, under the jurisdiction of Tianfeng Town. The original major Zhou Feng kept his position in the unit.

Based on the Administration Director Pu Zhidao’s introduction, there were water strongholds in the lake where water bandits entered and left.

Hence, their first mission would be to clear the water bandits from the lake. Xila Lake was vast and big, and the water bandits were familiar with the environment. Clearing them out wouldn't be an easy matter.

Zhao Dewang’s first task after his appointment as the city magistrate was the establishment of a naval port and a shipyard. Apart from that, there was the more difficult task of building a road from Tianfeng City to Shanhai City. Ouyang Shuo wanted to name this road Tianhai Road.

The Tianhai Road would be 300 kilometers long. It would require a largest investment and consume the most time out of all Shanhai City projects till date. To increase the construction speed, both cities started building at the same time. Then, they would meet up in the middle and join up.

A large portion of the road was out in the wilderness. The conditions were harsh; they had to defend against wild beasts and also raiders. Hence, troops had to protect the workers.

Tianfeng City's City Protection Unit's raider operation helped to pick the path for Tianhai Road.

The building of this road had a strategic meaning. As they built relays along the way and stuck the Shanhai City lord’s flag on the road, they would strengthen the power and prestige of Shanhai City on the west region of the Lianzhou Basin.

Tianfeng City, Yongye Town, and Guangzhou Town formed a triangle. Once they used the Tianhai Road to connect them, it would be enough to control the west. Even if other territories asked for reinforcements, Shanhai City would have the time to react and send military forces to destroy or defend.

After they conquered the three most important territories in the west, Ouyang Shuo started to act more gentle toward the other territories. As for the specific policies, he would need to return to Shanhai City before he set them.

After Ouyang Shuo had a conversation with Zhao Dewang, he made his return trip to Shanhai City in the afternoon. On the way back, he also brought his Guards units to Yongye Town and Guangzhou Town to take a look.

Shanhai City had already sent officials to take charge and change the organization structure of Yongye Town and the other grade 2 towns. They had to build the City Protection Unit, open a four seas bank branch and assign policies.

The back of Yongye Town faced Yongye Forest, Ouyang Shuo named it Forestry Town. Guangshui Town and Yishui Town were close to the river, so it was easy to reclaim fertile land. As such, they were deemed as agricultural towns. The back of Gushan Town faced the mountain and Ouyang Shuo was ready to set it as the 2nd settlement location.

9th month, 18th day, in the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo and his group returned to Shanhai City.

When he came back, he directly rushed to the market to check the price of grain.

On the market, the price of grain had risen. Each unit was no

w 20 copper; the price had doubled. As the price of grain continued to increase, some lord players rashly used their gold to buy the grain. Those with vision had long since sold their wood and other resources to obtain gold to buy grain. This would ensure that they had enough to last them till the 11th month.

This fight for grain further pushed up the prices. Right now, the price of grain was sky high.

The main sellers of grain were the various Chamber of Commerces in the system imperial capital. These entities bought the grain from the farmers on the suburbs of the imperial city, but the grain wasn’t limitless.

Every system capital city had tens of millions of players that stayed there, and their presence caused a huge strain on the grain supply. The merchants were all smart. When the prices rose, they started to accumulate grain and prepared to sell for a profit.

Hence, this whole situation got worse and worse; everyone got involved in it.

In this storm, Shanhai City also felt the side effects. The Four Seas Bank branches at the allies' territories had increases in loans, and their gold supplies were going to run out.

Ouyang Shuo immediately made the decision to harvest all the profits from the 1st half of the month to distribute to the branches. Mulan Town, Black Lion Town, and Tianshuang Town all got 2,000 gold, while Xunlong Town and Fallen Phoenix Town both got 2,000 gold.

Unfortunately, this sum of money was only a temporary solution to the territories. The lord's had to take the risk and start looking to clear raiders to earn money.

However, the limited amount of raiders posed a problem to them. Unlike Shanhai City, which basically had a harvest every time they upgraded.

While Ouyang Shuo was away, the city east camp had obtained 4,200 gold after the temporary stop of their raider operations due to the alliance’s attack. After the operation on both the east and west sides, together with clearing things from the territories, 15,200 prisoners were sent to Shanhai City.

During this period, many work occupation players were teleported over to Shanhai City. The Fallen Moon Guild had reached the 1,000 member upper limit. Unfortunately, they were still a period of time away from upgrading.

Apart from that, Old Sun had continued to contact scientists and invited them to live in Shanhai City. Since that time, the professional group had expanded to 45, and it continued to increase.

The Snow-War Rose mercenary group had sold all the useless equipment that Ouyang Shuo gave them. With the sum, the mercenary group had started to set up offices for Shanhai City in the various system imperial cities.

Once they start running, Shanhai City would see a huge rise in the number of people that wished to live in their city.

They had rebuilt the 1st regiment; they chose the 3rd, 4th, and 5th unit members from the prisoners. As for the 1st and 2nd units, they still entirely consisted of elite mountain barbarians. The two large scale recruitments nearly squeezed the tribes dry of their fighting ability.

Based on the plan, he had pushed back Shanhai City’s promise to destroy the stronghold of the mountain bandits by nearly a month’s time.

To gain their trust and understanding, the internal affairs director Tian Wenjing had once again increased the grain help to the tribes.

When Ouyang Shuo returned, he immediately started the operation against the mountain stronghold. He codenamed it ‘Bobcat.’

As this was forest warfare, apart from the Guards unit and the god machine unit, there were also eight other units apart from the cavalry units from the 1st and 3rd regiment.

The deputy secretary of military intelligence, Lengqian, had led a group of spies to investigate the stronghold situation. It was much harder to attack than they had expected.

The stronghold was located in the Er'Shi Ridge, which was easy to defend and hard to attack. Its population had reached 14,000 men and there were 8,000 mountain thieves. Among them, there were many elite mountain thieves. The only road up had three roadblocks that the mountain thieves had set up. To attack all the way up would be harder than ascending the heavens.

"Is there really not another way up?" Ouyang Shuo wasn't willing.

Lengqian shook his head and said, “The back of the stronghold is a cliff. To attack from behind its nearly impossible, unless..."

"Unless what?"

"A thousand meters away from the cliff, there is a mountain peak that is easy to climb up. The only problem is how to get past this thousand meters. Even if we use a zip-line, we can't tie it to the cliff." Lengqian was very pessimistic.

Ideas popped into Ouyang Shuo’s mind, and he said, “I have a way to solve the problem of securing the rope." Ouyang Shuo thought about Bing'er's pet, Xue'er. She was the highest grade smart pet. Although she was only an ornamental pet in the game, she was strong and she could fly. Hence, she would be the perfect candidate to tie the rope onto the other side.

"Ah?" Although he knew that Ouyang Shuo wouldn’t lie, his lord’s words still shocked Lengqian.

Ouyang Shuo waved him off and said, “Let the Military Intelligence Division survey the mountain and find a suitable way up. Our troops will go up tomorrow."

"Yes, lord!"

After Lengqian left, Ouyang Shuo ordered director Ge Hongliang to ask the Combat Logistics Division to prepare enough zip-line rope, oil, and other miscellaneous resources to guarantee the smooth operation of bobcat.

At the same time, to prevent deaths and casualties, Ouyang Shuo ordered the formation of two sword-shield units and one archer unit from the reserve force to attack together. With that, this 6,500 soldiers attack on the Er'Shi Ridge mountain thieves was the biggest operation till date.

After they discussed the details, it was already 5:30 PM. He had just returned to the lord’s manor, yet now he needed to leave at first light tomorrow due to the operation; he was living such a tough and restless life.

As they ate dinner, Ouyang Shuo looked at Xue'er, who was on Bing'er's shoulder, “Xue'er, tomorrow, I'll bring you to play, okay?"

Her eyes brightened up, and she flew up around Ouyang Shuo's head, “Go out and play, go out and play, lalala~~"

Bing'er's eyes also lit up, “Brother, can Bing'er come too?"

Ouyang Shuo resolutely shook his head, No, you have to go to school tomorrow!"

Bing'er's face turned crestfallen; she angrily used her chopsticks to stir the rice in her bowl, as she muttered, “Bad brother, bad brother, bias..."

Ouyang Shuo laughed, and he had to explain, “Tomorrow, brother needs to do an important thing, so it isn't to play."

"Really?" Bing'er didn't believe it.

Ouyang Shuo stared at her, “When did I ever lie to you!"

"Ok, Bing'er forgives you." This little brat's mood really changed quickly.



* * *





Chapter 231




Chapter 231: TWO Chapter 231- taking down Er'Shi Ridge

Chapter 231- taking down Er'Shi Ridge

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

At night, Ouyang Shuo brought Song Jia to the patio to talk.

"How's it going with the sect? Is it going smoothly?"

"En, it's basically on the right track. However, you just returned, yet you have to leave tomorrow."

"I've no choice. Right now is a crucial time." Heise Pifeng's ambitions and Sha Pojun's interference had affected Ouyang Shuo's plan and poison insect rearing project.

It wasn't easy for him to calm everything down, so he had to get ready a series of plans to make up for his losses.

This operation did not only involve Er'Shi Ridge, but also the Yue'er Island that Pei Donglai had always eyed. The Beihai Naval Fleet, which had just become a regiment, had a unit taken away and needed to rebuild again.

"A good man conquers all four directions. Blockhead, it seems like you are becoming more and more like a hero," Song Jia made fun of him.

Ouyang Shuo nodded, as he thought of something, “Sect Leader Song, Dongli Sword Sect can think about recruiting some players. You can contact little aunt and ask her to help you out."

"I was thinking of the same way. Having a sect full of NPCs is so boring." Song Jia nodded in agreement, “Oh yeah, Bing'er has bugged me for some time. She wants me to accept her as my disciple. When that little brat saw our uniform she became envious."

The uniform she referred to was the sect uniform of the Dongli Sword Dect, which Qing'er had personally designed. The designs on the uniform robe had the patterns of clouds and dragons, which gave the wearer an elegant and unworldly air.

"Did you agree?"

"Of course not. How would I dare unless I got the permission of a certain control freak?"

Ouyang Shuo shook his head in amusement. He did not bother to respond to her teasing, “Bing'er is still small, so it's better if she focuses on her studies. Anyway, the Nine Yin technique isn't suitable for her to train at her age."

"I'll listen to you."

The afternoon of the next day, the troops gathered at Qiushui City.

They had long since fixed the road from Qiushui City to Xuanniao Tribe. It became their best path into the forest. The troops would spend a night in Xuanniao Tribe before they ventured deep into the forest.

When the mountain barbarian tribes in the middle region found out that Shanhai City had finally sent their army to help them clean out the mountain bandits, they were naturally happy. To avoid alerting the enemy, Ouyang Shuo rejected the mountain barbarian’s offer to help.

Apart from the Xuanniao Tribe, the military didn't enter any other tribes. They did this to avoid all the areas where the mountain bandits worked and directly charged toward the Er'Shi Bridge.

9th month, 21st day, in the afternoon, the forces arrived in the proximity of Er'Shi Ridge. Zhao Sihu was in charge of leading two sword-shield soldier units and one archer unit to attack the ridge head-on to attract attention.

On the other hand, the main force wrapped around the ridge and sneakily entered the peak of the mountain at the back of the ridge.

Mountain bandit stronghold, Hall of Brotherhood.

"Boss, when we went down the hill recently, our brothers found many random people sneakily walking around. It seems like someone is planning something on the mountain stronghold," said military advisor Goutou.

The boss was tall and well-built. He had a rough look, wiith thick eyebrows and a full beard. He looked somewhat similar to a chimpanzee. He was topless and openly sh

owed his chest full of hair. The captured mountain barbarian tribe ladies kneeled at two sides and helped massage him.

"Military advisor thinks too much. Who can actually attack our Er'Shi Ridge?" Although the boss looked rough and unkempt, he spoke fluently, totally contrary to his appearance.

The unique environment of Er'Shi Ridge let them live well, the square was also huge. If they continued to develop, they would become one of the rulers of the mountains.

The military advisor was just reminding him, as he didn't believe it either. When he saw that the boss wasn’t paying much attention to it, he backed out of the Hall of Brotherhood. He was just a few steps out before he heard the sounds of a moaning woman behind him...

In the early morning, a dense fog blanketed the forest, the sun rose up from the peak, and the orange red sun shone down through the fog. However, it was unable to give anyone warmth.

Xue'er stopped on Ouyang Shuo's shoulder, excitement filled her little face, this little fellow had an unusually warmth toward forests.

Ouyang Shuo took out the zip-line from his storage bag and passed the end of it to Xue'er, “Good Xue'er, do you see the cliff there?" Ouyang Shuo pointed to the cliff a thousand meters above.

"En, I see it."

"Now I’ll give you a mission. Tie the rope to the cliff; can you do it?"

Xue'er tilted her head and cutely said, “I'll try."

"Good, good luck!"

Xue'er picked up the rope and effortlessly flew toward the cliff on the opposite side.

After she flew far away, Xue'er tiny body became a little black dot. If someone only saw the rope flying in the sky, they would think that it was some supernatural phenomenon.

This thousand meter long rope, in addition to the oil added to prevent friction, was super heavy. Carrying it through the air was especially exhausting.

Although Xue'er was special, she slowly felt fatigued and beads of sweat started to form on her forehead.

This little fellow was just like her master; they both had a stubbornness in their bones. She continued to fly even though she was tired. During the final portion before the cliff, her body shook from left to right, apparently in real pain and exhaustion.

Ouyang Shuo, who stood on the other end of the rope, saw the rope swing. He felt pained but also nervous.

When she finally reached the other side, Xue'er was so tired that she was going to collapse.

Xue'er had to stop on a rock to rest and regain some energy. After resting, she followed Ouyang Shuo's orders and found a huge tree and tied the rope around it. The rope was already fixed and as long as one pulled hard from the other end, they would secure the rope.

After that, Xue'er nodded, pleased with herself. She turned around and flew back.

When he saw her come back, Ouyang Shuo took out his handkerchief and helped her wipe off the sweat.

Obviously, she was not used to this, and she giggled. When he saw her in such a good mood, Ouyang Shuo could finally stop worrying.

First, Ouyang Shuo arranged for a guard to test the reliability of the zip-line. He didn't hesitate and directly zipped toward the other side. The entire journey was very smooth.

After he reached the other end, the guard checked the rope on the tree to ensure that everything was okay. Then, he took out a red flag and waved it.

After they confirmed that it was safe, everyone started to zipline across.

In regards to the upcoming future war, Ouyang Shuo didn't want Xue'er to follow them, so he arranged for two Guards to protect her on the mountain peak. Once the operation ended, they would meet up with the rest.

After the troops gathered at Er'Shi Ridge, the military intelligence spies released the Feng birds to inform Zhao Sihu's troops, who were hiding at the bottom of the mountain. The spies told them to immediately launch their attack.

A 5,000 men army squeezing at the back mountain. Ouyang Shuo could not help but worry about the possibility of a mountain bandit coming to the back mountain and spotting them.

At that moment, they heard the sounds of chatter before them.

"Ah Man, did that chimpanzee bully you again yesterday?"

Following which a women cried,"living like this, I'll rather die."

"Ah Man, trust me. I'll get you out and save you from this hell."

Ouyang Shuo shook his head; he didn't expect to meet a pair of sad mandarin ducks. He looked toward Wang Feng, signaling for them to take the pair down but not take their lives.

Wang Feng understood and brought two Guards to sneak up.

"Ah, who are you?" The woman was about to scream, but the guard covered her mouth. Then, he knocked her out. He used ropes to tie them together and stuffed their mouths with cloths, dragging them behind a huge rock.

After that small interference, the back mountain was calm once again.

At the front, Zhao Sihu's forces.

After the Military Intelligence Division spy received the message from the Feng bird, he interpreted the order and reported to Zhao Sihu.

Next, Zhao Sihu hollered, "Heed my orders, attack!!"

"Yes!" The closely packed troops appeared from the forest and charged toward the first roadblock.

The first people they met were some patrolling soldiers that the mountain stronghold had sent down.

"Who are you?" the poor patrolling soldier still didn't understand the situation.

"We are the ones who will take your life." Zhao Sihu strode to the forefront and stabbed out with his spear. His move was as quick as lightning, and he stabbed the mountain bandit’s stomach, causing the mountain bandit to fall to the ground in pain.

After they cleanly dealt with the patrolling squad, the forces advanced.

The first roadblock was set at the foot of the mountain and was like a front sentry. Hence, it was very rundown and had a wooden wall, similar to that of camps.

When the mountain bandits that patrolled on the mountain wall saw enemies pop out from nowhere, he panicked. Immediately, he sounded the alarm, some had lit the fire to warn the roadblocks at the back.

Zhao Sihu knew that he was in charge of a distraction attack, but if he could attract more mountain bandits, it could reduce the pressure on the back forces. Hence, his goal was to at least destroy a roadblock.

After Ouyang Shuo criticised the Military Intelligence Division, the three heads trained a batch of elite spies. The spies clearly investigated the details of the roadblocks.

To take it down, Zhao Sihu took a batch of alchemical fire oil from the Combat Logistics Division. After reorganising the archer unit, they bathed the arrows in the oil and lit them up and fired toward the roadblock.

Wave after wave of fire arrows ignited and quickly spread. In an instant, it became an ocean of fire. The huge fire was visible from all the subsequent roadblocks.

The mountain bandits at the second roadblock rang the bell seven times. This represented an enemy attack, an emergency situation that required reinforcements. Following this, they lit up the beacon to inform the third roadblock.

The message spread up until it reached the boss.

The boss had a really long night and hadn't woken up. When he heard the reports, he didn't bother about the girls he had fun with. Instead, he hurriedly dressed himself and rushed to the Hall of Brotherhood.



* * *





Chapter 232




Chapter 232: TWO Chapter 232- Taking Down Er'Shi Ridge Part 2

Chapter 232- Taking Down Er'Shi Ridge Part 2

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

Er'Shi Ridge, mountain bandit stronghold, Hall of Brotherhood.

"What's the situation?" questioned the boss. The forceful and angry aura he emitted choked everyone, “Who has the courage to attack our mountain stronghold?"

"It's a proper army, with more than 1,500 men. They used fire arrows to burn our first roadblock." Goutou had received firsthand information.

"Heh, such nerve!" The boss became furious when he heard that the enemy had less than 2,000, “Order the brothers to kill them at the second roadblock."

"Yes!" The military advisor ran down to send the orders.

At the foot of the mountain, Zhao Sihu looked at the burning roadblock and didn't make a move.

Inside the roadblock, the mountain bandits that couldn't escape in time let out screams of pain, as the fire burned them alive. Although some of them escaped, their backs had caught on fire; they tumbled around on the ground and asked their allies for help.

The burning roadblock had similarly stopped Zhao Sihu and his forces from attacking.

The fire burned on for a whole hour before it slowly stopped. Zhao Sihu ordered his men to obtain twigs to extinguish the fire, which would clear a road for them to enter.

20 minutes later, the force continued their advance.

On the way, they didn’t see a single mountain bandit; they had all retreated to the second roadblock.

Zhao Sihu knew that the real test was going to come.

He looked at this roadblock built out of rock, the fire attack weren’t as effective anymore. This roadblock was hard to attack but easy to defend. With his current troops, breaching this place was harder than ascending the heavens.

The mountain bandit chieftain stood on the wall and shouted, “Who are you, to dare break my roadblock and attack my stronghold?"

"I'm the one that's going to take your life. You are all shameless and lack conscience. You steal from the mountain barbarians; you all don't deserve to live."

"Haha," the mountain bandit laughed like he had heard a joke, “With only you, you want to do the work of the heavens? Haha, it's better if you go home and feed your kids!"

"Haha haha," a bunch of mountain bandits also laughed loudly, mocking the troops.

Zhao Sihu didn't make a move, but he shouted back, “Cowardly tortoises; what's there to be proud of? Do you dare to come out and fight with your grandpa?"

The soldiers supported their major and mocked the bandits, hurling abuse at them. The threw out anything bad that they could think off.

"You!" The mountain barbarian chieftain was furious, “Shoot the arrows, shoot them, kill them!"

When the archers received this order, they started raining arrows at the enemy troops.

Zhao Sihu had prepared his troops for this, and the sword-shield soldiers raised their shield to block the arrow rain. They slowly backed off until they got out of range.

"Haha," the chieftain grew complacent, “Now, who's the coward?"

As a general that Ouyang Shuo had placed his faith in, Zhao Sihu wasn't simple. When he saw the mountain barbarians not fall for it, he took a look at the wind direction and thought of a plan. He ordered his troops to cut down the wet twigs and douse them in alchemical fire oil. The sword-shield soldiers braved the arrow rain to pile the twigs under the roadblock.

The mountain bandits didn't recognize the alchemical fire oil. When they saw these actions, they didn't know what their enemy was trying

to do.

After his soldiers returned, Zhao Sihu ordered the archers to fire and ignite the twigs.

In a moment, smoke rose from the twig mountain. The wind was just nicely blowing toward the roadblock, which blew smoke into it and fogged it all up.

The chieftain finally realized that the enemy had tricked them, “Despicable, it's this method again!"

The thick smoke covered the entire roadblock; the mountain bandits found it hard to bear with it, and felt that breathing was very difficult. They had no choice but to leave the wall and back off.

Zhao Sihu grabbed the chance to order the troops to attack the roadblock.

Before they attacked, he ordered the troops to wet a cloth and cover their nose and mouths.

The mountain bandit were busy taking care of themselves. Without the interference of the archers, the Shanhai troops quickly took the gate down. Zhao Sihu ordered the archers to remove the twigs and the sword-shield soldiers charged in.

The mountain bandits were like headless flies in the smoke. When they saw the enemy chase in, they became like birds fleeing from a bullet, as the sword-shield soldiers chased them around as they ran.

The thick smoke slowly faded away; Zhao Sihu had successfully taken down the second roadblock.

Mountain stronghold, Hall of Brotherhood.

"Report!" the messenger ran inside the hall, “Boss, the enemy has taken down the second roadblock; they’re advancing toward the third one."

"What?" the boss stood up, which instantly shook the floor, “Heipi that useless junk. How did he lose a roadblock so quickly!"

"Boss, it seems like the enemy general isn't simple," military advisor Goutou noted.

"En." The boss finally paid attention, Come, follow me to the final roadblock. I want to see who is coming."

"Yes!"

The boss personally let 4,000 elite troops and rushed to the third and strongest roadblock. It was like a iron fortress placed on the path, a total castle.

Zhao Sihu looked at the third roadblock. He knew that it was impossible for him to take it no matter what he did.

The boss appeared on top of the castle and shouted down, “Who are you? Say your name and I won't kill you."

Zhao Sihu laughed. Such a small mountain bandit leader, yet he still dared to talk about the rules of Jianghu, truly amusing. Zhao Sihu wasn't fazed, “Listen up, we are from the Shanhai City army, it's time for you to surrender."

"Ha? Shanhai City? What's that, such nerve." The boss had never heard of any Shanhai City.

"Heh, what an idiot." When Zhao Sihu saw that even the boss had appeared, he knew that he had completed the mission. As such, he shot the signal bullet.

When it reached the sky, it burst open in mid-air.

"What are they doing, are they calling for reinforcements?" The mountain bandits didn't understand.

Er'Shi Ridge, back of the mountain.

The main force had waited in the back mountain for two hours. Finally, they saw the signal and stood up, “Attack!"

"Kill!" the troops came out from their hiding spots and charged into the mountain stronghold.

Before they left, Ouyang Shuo ordered the Guards to wake up and untie the pair of unlucky couple.

After he woke up, he looked at Ouyang Shuo, shocked beyond words. Then, he stammered, “Yo … yo … you, who are you? Ho … how did you get here?"

Ouyang Shuo shook his head in disappointment. On the other hand, the girl was calm and asked, “Are you here to destroy the mountain stronghold?"

"That's right. I'm the lord of Shanhai City and the mountain barbarian tribes asked me to help them destroy this mountain stronghold. Can you lead the way?" Ouyang Shuo explained the reason why they were here.

When she saw that it was their saviour, she became so delighted she teared up, “I know the route, follow me."

Under the leadership of the girl, things went smoothly, and they directly entered the core area of the mountain stronghold.

At that point, the boss had moved more than half of the combat mountain bandits to the roadblock. When the remaining ones saw the troops, they were astonished.

Apart from the guards, a large portion of them didn't carry weapons. They would only get their weapons from the arsenal during operations.

Hence, the elite Shanhai City troops faced a bunch of barefisted Mountain bandits.

A slaughter, this was the only description of the battle that ensued.

Out of the participating soldiers, there were 2,000 mountain barbarians. The bandits had bullied a large portion of them before. As the saying goes, when one sees their enemy, their eyes will become red.

At that moment, all the mountain barbarian soldiers were furious, as they killed anyone that entered their sights, be it combat mountain bandits or non-combat ones. They cruelly murdered anyone that tried to escape.

When Ouyang Shuo heard the news, he ordered the troops to prevent the slaughter.

Time was very precious, and they needed to clear out all the combat mountain bandits before those at the roadblock returned. Where would they find the time to waste on the non-combat one?

Furthermore, the military weren't killers. Unless forced, he didn't want them to act against innocent people.

After they entered the mountain stronghold, Ouyang Shuo directly ordered the Guards unit to take control of the main gate. The archers took over the archer towers to prevent reinforcements.

Blood rained on the mountain stronghold; some of the mountain bandits hobbled to the roadblock, “Boss, boss. It’s bad; it's very bad."

The boss felt that Zhao Sihu's lack of movement was very strange. After he heard this report, he had a bad premonition. He quickly ran up and grabbed the collar of the mountain bandit and furiously asked, “Speak! What happened in the stronghold?" He nearly strangled the mountain bandit.

"Cough, cough." The mountain bandit was half scared to death, “Boss, a large army has appeared in the mountain stronghold."

"How? Where did they come from? How many people?"

"Many. We couldn't count; they came from the back mountain." The mountain bandits had rushed here, so how could they’ve bothered to count?

"Back mountain?" The boss had experienced more surprises today than ever before in his life. He muttered, “The back mountain is a cliff. How did they come up?"

The military advisor remained calm and reminded, “Boss, what we need to do now is to make a choice. We must choose whether to assist the mountain stronghold or directly go down the mountain."

"Correct." The boss calmed himself down, “It's not an option to go down. The road is too small, so the enemy just has to block the road and we are dead." The boss felt frustrated, the advantages of the ridge had become the thing that left them no way out at this crucial moment.

"Let's return and fight them!" The boss chose to launch a final fight.



* * *





Chapter 233




Chapter 233: TWO Chapter 233- Taking Down Er'Shi Ridge Part 3

Chapter 233- Taking Down Er'Shi Ridge Part 3

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

The mountain bandits decided to throw everything in; they rushed to reinforce the mountain stronghold.

When they reached the front, Ouyang Shuo had already controlled the entire stronghold. They had killed or forced all the combat mountain bandits to surrender. Then, they locked the bandits up.

When he looked at the shut stronghold doors, the boss became so angry he wanted to vomit blood. He didn't expect the enemy to proceed so quickly; this time, he had completely failed.

Ouyang Shuo stood on the arrow tower with his Guards by his side, “Those outside, listen up. I have taken over your stronghold. It's not too late for you to surrender."

"You have the guts to say that? Why not come out for a battle to the death!" shouted the furious boss.

Ouyang Shuo knew that if he didn't kill the boss, he wouldn't be able to recruit the mountain bandits, “Ok, I, the lord, will do as you wish." He turned around, “Which one of you wants to fight and slay him?"

"Lord, send me!" Er'Lai and Shi Wanshui both wished to battle.

Both of them wanted to fight the mountain bandit leader, it was pointless as the mountain barbarian leader wasn’t their level. Ouyang Shuo didn't know which one to choose.

At that moment, Wang Feng stood out, “To kill a chicken you don't need to use a butcher knife. Lord, send me!"

Ouyang Shuo froze, “Good, I'll send you out!"

"Thank you, lord!" Wang Feng turned and walked down the arrow tower.

Er'Lai and Shi Wanshui were both happy with this decision and naturally didn't oppose it.

The doors of the stronghold opened and Wang Feng walked out under the protection of the Guards unit. Then, he pointed his spear at the bandit boss, “Shanhai City Wang Feng. I'm here to spar."

When he saw that his opponent had sent such a young general out, the boss grew even more furious, “A stupid kid that has just finished sucking milk? Eat a knife from your grandfather!" He raised his knife and charged at Wang Feng.

Wang Feng remained unfazed. He rushed forward and with a shake of his spear, he caught the knife. Both weapons were made of exquisite iron; both of the same quality.

Bajiquan and spears were the best combination. Wang Feng imbued the essence of the Bajiquan into each stroke of his spear.

Every time the spear struck the knife, a power will be spread through it, which numbed the boss's right hand. In a moment of carelessness, he nearly dropped his knife. This astonished him, and he didn't dare to underestimate his opponent anymore.

Since he was able to lead a whole mountain of mountain bandits, he naturally had strength. His strokes were heavy and powerful. Coupled with his vast experience, both of them fought evenly.

On the arrow tower, Er'Lai and Shi Wanshui watched on. Wang Feng's performance pleased these two experts, and they would comment a few words from time to time.

When the Guards unit soldiers saw their major strut his stuff, they started to cheer for him. The mountain bandits didn't back down and started to cheer their boss on. Both sides ended up in a war of voices.

The atmosphere made everyone's blood boil, and the battle instantly entered a white-hot stage. Each and every move aimed to take the opponent’s life, as they both thought of various ways to try and kill their enemy.

Ouyang Shuo knew that it was hard for Wang Feng to chance upon such a battle. He might even break the bottleneck and become an intermediate general.

Ouyang Shuo wasn't a gentleman. To ens

ure Wang Feng's safety, he ordered Shi Wanshui to shoot an arrow to kill the boss if Wang Feng fell into a perilous situation.

Luckily, it didn't reach that step in the end.

The pressure that the mountain bandit boss posed had ignited Wang Feng's potential.

He got close to his opponent. Then, he shook his spear to use the ultimate technique of the Bajiquan—Cling To The Mountain. The spear was like a poisonous snake, as it stuck to the knife and slid down, pushing the boss away. Like a shadow, the spear continued to stick, which forced the bandit boss to release the knife and drop it to the ground.

After the bandit boss dropped his weapon, his face turned white, as he muttered, “My life ends here, carry on.”

With victory in sight, Wang Feng waved his spear and charged forward with lightning speed. Then, he stabbed the spear into the bandit boss’s chest.

The screams of the bandit boss slowly stopped.

Wang Feng pulled out the spear from the bandit boss’s chest. Fresh blood spurted all over the place. The boss had his eyes wide open in disbelief, as he fell to the ground.

After he killed off his opponent, Wang Feng actually closed his eyes, as if he was reflecting on the battle.

In front of the stronghold, the mountain bandits were frozen. They didn’t dare to move, as they faced Wang Feng, who stood with his eyes closed.

"Kill him, take revenge for the boss!" Finally, a mountain bandit reacted.

"Protect the general!" The Guards unit soldiers quickly rushed up to cover Wang Feng.

Ouyang Shuo stood on the arrow tower and ordered the archers to shoot.

Wave after wave of arrows pierced the mountain bandit group. Immediately, the arrows brought about a large amount of casualties. Then, the bandits regained their senses. The enemy had already taken the stronghold and had all the advantages. Instantly, they all backed off like rats.

Ouyang Shuo knew that they had settled the situation. He smiled at Er'Lai and Shi Wanshui, “Let's go out."

"Yes my, lord!"

After Ouyang Shuo exited the mountain stronghold, he looked at the mountain bandits, “Aren’t you going to surrender? If not, don't blame me for killing you."

The bandits knew that it was over and immediately split into two sections. One group placed down their weapons and surrendered while the others chose to run.

Those that wanted to escape were obviously the ruthless ones. They knew that they had performed too much evil; they wouldn't be spared even if they surrendered.

For these people, Ouyang Shuo wouldn't give them a chance, and he ordered his men to give chase.

The Er'Shi Ridge was dangerous. Apart from the one way down, every other spot was a peak, so jumping down would only lead to one's death. The bandits knew that their road had been blocked. Their only choice was to jump and hope for the best.

Unfortunately, the archers blocked this last chance of survival.

The archers closely lined up by the cliff and shot down at the foot. The bandits that were not far away were hit and tumbled down. Only a few escaped, but they were unable to pose a threat. However, Ouyang Shuo still didn't want to let them off. He ordered Zhao Sihu and his men to search for them and clean them out.

After they cleaned up the mountain bandits, Ouyang Shuo returned to the mountain bandit boss's body. He found a dropped item under the body.

As expected, it was a token. After he took it out and looked at it, he was delighted, it was actually a rare summoning token.

Summoning Token (King grade): Randomly summons a king grade historical person to work for you.

Ouyang Shuo kept it in his storage bag. He wanted to use it when he got back.

After he dealt with all the mountain bandits, Ouyang Shuo ordered his men to clean out the stronghold and take all moveable resources.

At that moment, the mountain barbarian teen ran out, “Savior, the boss has a secret room. I can guide you there."

Ouyang Shuo was delighted, “Great, lets go!" Ouyang Shuo left a squadron of Guards to protect Wang Feng. He brought the remaining Guards and followed the barbarian teen.

The secret room was inside the bedroom, with a hidden passageway under the floor.

The Guards were worried about his safety, so they led the way. In a short while, they came out; their faces pale white. Some of them looked furious, “My lord, there are many girls locked up in the secret room."

Ouyang Shuo was stunned, and he turned around to the mountain barbarian teen, “You brought us here to save them?"

She was also not nervous and spoke the truth, “I don't dare to hide it from Saviour, I have such an intention. But I didn't lie to you, his treasures are hidden in there too."

Ouyang Shuo nodded, “Ok, let's go down together!"

There were torches on both sides of the passage, so it wasn't as dark as he had expected. Following the wet steps, they walked all the way down. In his heart, he counted approximately 70 to 80 steps before they arrived at a well lit hall.

Glancing around, the floor was paved with thick animal hides, while some who were treated poorly only had dried grasses beneath them.

There were more than a hundred girls, donned in tattered clothes, they stared apathetically into the void as they were lying on the animal hides or the dried grasses. When they saw that someone had come, they didn't panic nor were they happy; they were already numb.

In the corner, Ouyang Shuo also noticed several girls shriveled there. Their situation was horrible. They were as thin as bones and their bodies emitted a deathly smell.

Even though Ouyang Shuo was heartless, he still grew furious when he saw this scene. To think that the bandit boss had toyed and tortured these girls.

When the barbarian teen walked in front of them, she cried and laughed, “Sisters, we are saved.” She said as she pointed at Ouyang Shuo, “This prince is the lord of Shanhai City. He is here to save us. They have killed the evil man, I personally witnessed it."

When they heard this, the girls regained their senses. A flash of happiness and life appeared in them. Tears unknowingly flowed down their eyes. They had thought that they had cried out all their tears. They had not expected that someone would come to rescue them from this place.

"Thank you, savior!" Some of the girls had regained their senses. They walked before him and kneeled down.

Ouyang Shuo personally helped all of them up and said, “Stand up, there's no need to thank me. From today onward, you are free and can return to your tribes and family."



* * *





Chapter 234




Chapter 234: TWO Chapter 234 - Searching for Treasures in the S

Chapter 234 - Searching for Treasures in the Secret Room

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

"Thank you for saving us!" In the secret room, the girls that were saved thanked Ouyang Shuo again.

Ouyang Shuo waved them off and turned around, ordering the Guards to let them find some clothes to pass to the locked up girls for them to wear before sending them back up.

After all these things were settled, Ouyang Shuo, under the directions of the mountain barbarian teen entered the secret room.

A mountain bandit leader's secret room obviously didn't have any hidden weapons; it was only a thick wooden door which the Guards broke down with brute force.

After breaking down the door, inside the secret room were rows of large boxes. Opening them, they were all kinds of gold and jewels, sparkling in the light, catching everyone's eyes.

Ouyang Shuo counted. There were a total of 2 gold boxes, 5 silver cases, and 1 box of gems and jewels.

Apart from 2 silver cases, the remaining cases were kept in Ouyang Shuo's storage bag. What he felt weird was as the secret room of a mountain bandit leader, he shouldn't only have such basic wealth.

"Are there other secret rooms?" Ouyang Shuo asked the mountain barbarian teen.

She shook her head, "This is the only one I know of."

Ouyang Shuo didn't believe her and ordered the Guards to check once again for any hidden doors or things of that type, he even personally joined in the search, knocking on the walls and floors.

Suddenly, he noticed that an oil lamp was hanging on a side of the wall. The secret room didn't have a torch in it and only depended on the light from the hall, hence the secret room was very dark.

Which was why, this oil lamp seemed really out of place.

Ouyang Shuo calmed himself down and walked up, trying to turn and fiddle with the oil lamp. With a click, and without using much strength, the lamp started to turn. Following which, the sound of rumbling appeared in the chamber. The inner wall of the secret room suddenly sunk in, and there was a small opening that only one person could get through to.

Ouyang Shuo let the Guards secure the entrance while he walked in alone. It was a very narrow space which only allowed two people to stand. There was a wooden stand in the middle with three boxes on it.

Ouyang Shuo opened a box; a gentle glow exuded from the box. It was actually a bead the size of a goose egg, and it felt cold in his hands.

Cool bead: helps to reduce heat and help one focus, aids in cultivation.

It was a decent support item, just that he didn't know how he could increase the cultivation speed of his internal strength.

Ouyang Shuo opened the second box only to see an old manual. The words ‘Wu Hu Saber Manual’, were written on it. It was a king rank cultivation technique.

Ouyang Shuo guessed that this was the knife technique that the mountain stronghold leader used.

Although the items in the two boxes were decent, they were of little effect to Ouyang Shuo, making him feel a little disappointed. He opened the last box, hoping that there was a certain treasure.

The third box was much bigger than the other two. Opening it revealed a green sword, quietly lying in its sword case.

Name: Qingfeng Sword (Platinum rank)

Hardness:55

Sharpness: 70

Toughness:55

Specialty: Broken blade (When a weapon's hardness is lower than the Qingfeng Sword's, there's a chance to immediately break it)

Evaluation: The Qingfeng Sword was p

art of a pair known as the "Qingfeng Twin Swords", a weapon Liu Bei used during the Three Kingdoms era. Liu Bei attacked Dongwu to take revenge on Sun Quan killing Guan Yu. In the end, Sun Quan ordered them to burn down Dongwu, causing Liu Bei to escape. In that escape, he lost one of his swords.

A treasure, an absolute treasure!

This was the first platinum grade weapon Ouyang Shuo had gotten since the servers opened, and it was the only platinum grade weapon in the game so far.

Apart from the normal hardness and toughness stats, there was an extra sharpness stat. Most importantly, it also had the broken blade specialty. Based on its hardness, as long as the enemy weapon wasn't some godly weapon, there would be a high chance of the effect coming into play.

This made it very terrifying. Think about it, your opponent could destroy your weapon at anytime during battle, so how could you focus on the battle?

It was a great sword. Sadly, Ouyang Shuo didn't know any sword techniques. A player's time and efforts were limited. Since Ouyang Shuo chose a spear as his main weapon, he couldn't be distracted.

Ouyang Shuo covered up the 3 boxes and kept them in his storage bag before walking out. When he reappeared, Ouyang Shuo didn't stop and ordered the Guards to carry up the two boxes filled with silver.

Once they walked out of the secret room, Wang Feng rushed up, his face filled with uncontrollable delight.

Ouyang Shuo asked,"Did you level up?"

Wang Feng nodded, "I didn't let lord down; I'm now an intermediate officer."

"Great, now I have another good general." Ouyang Shuo was elated.

Ouyang Shuo took a look at his stats.

Name: Wang Feng (Gold rank)

Identity: Shanhai City Guards Unit Major

Occupation: Intermediate Officer

Loyalty: 95

Command: 55

Force: 75

Intelligence: 40

Politics: 35

Specialty: Fight to the death (Raise troops morale by 20%), Charging (Raise forces movement speed by 20%)

Cultivation Technique: Bajiquan

Equipment: Soldier Mingguang Armor, Exquisite Iron Sword

Evaluation: Core disciple of master Lin Yue, direct and righteous personality, very loyal.

After Wang Feng went back to the troops, he led the Guards unit to sweep the mountain stronghold once again.

At 11 AM, their work here was nearly done.

Ouyang Shuo announced that he would reward the soldiers from this operation with these two cases of silver, resulting in their cheers and claps.

From the operation, they gained a total of 10,850 prisoners, 4,750 combat bandits, and a total of 5800 gold, not including the treasures.

Ouyang Shuo kept the most important things, but he left the grain and other basic resources. He ordered the Military Intelligence Division to inform the mountain barbarian tribes to receive this batch of resources.

The reason he did that was firstly because it was difficult to transport, and secondly because he could use it to thank others. The mountain barbarian tribes didn't stop working with them because Shanhai City had delayed their promise.

As for the equipment and military resources, they were naturally brought back to Shanhai City. The mountain bandit stronghold had a lot of weapons, spears, swords, and even special weapons that fit what they did. These naturally couldn't be given to the proper army and could only be sold by the Snow-War Rose mercenary group.

After settling everything, Ouyang Shuo gathered the forces and was ready to bring the prisoners back to the city.

Just at that moment, the barbarian teen brought 120 odd rescued teen girls in front of Ouyang Shuo, kneeling down and crying, "Please lord, accept us."

During this short period of time, they had heard of Ouyang Shuo's identity.

Ouyang Shuo frowned, "Don't you want to return to your tribes?"

The mountain barbarian teen acted as the representative, her eyes showing a sad expression, as she held back her tears, "Lord, we are all impure, how could we return to our parents? Even if we do, we would only bring shame. Being saved by you, our only wish is to go to a new place and wait for day where our lives come to an end, please accept us lord!"

"Please accept us lord!" The teen girls all echoed.

Ouyang Shuo remained silent. The scene in front of him made him think of the girls he had saved from the raider camp. Their situation was similar, saved from hell but because of traditional rules, they were insecure and felt lowly.

"What is your name? Wasn't there another man that wanted to save you? Do you want to live in Shanhai City too?" Ouyang Shuo asked the barbarian teen.

His words undoubtedly touched a sad spot, and the tears she was trying to hold gushed out.

The Guards beside Ouyang Shuo told him that the guy wasn't here.

Upon seeing that he was free, he started to look down on the girl for not being a virgin and left her, running back to his tribe.

When Ouyang Shuo heard this, he shook his head. Such cruelty, but it was the truth. In such a society, the purity of the girl was very important and girls were born the weaker sex.

Ouyang Shuo didn't know how to console them, just ordering the Guards to bring them back together.

The huge army rushed down the mountain with the prisoners and the resources to meet with Zhao Sihu and his group.

At the foot of the mountain, they got news that Xue'er and the Guards protecting her had rushed over too. Upon seeing him, she flew up happily and landed on his shoulder.

"Good Xue'er, you have done well. What reward do you want?"

Her eyes brightened. "Sweet~sweets~~" As she said this, she placed her fingers into her mouth and started sucking.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head in amusement; it seemed like she got influenced by Bing'er. "Ok, when we go back I'll prepare a huge box for you." The sweets she referred to were the malt candies that the residents made. They was very sweet, so no wonder she liked to eat them.

Xue'er's eyes became a thin line, and it suddenly flew up and nibbled on Ouyang Shuo's face. Following which, it flew around his head and appeared very happy.



* * *





Chapter 235




Chapter 235: TWO Chapter 235 - Military and Governance Meeting

Chapter 235 - Military and Governance Meeting

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After the greetings, Zhao Sihu reported. "Lord, all the mountain bandits that tried to escape have been killed."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "General Zhao, you have done a good job this time, breaking through two roadblocks and luring out half their forces, you deserve a reward!"

"This is my duty, I shouldn't be rewarded!" Zhao Sihu was a little emotional.

Ouyang Shuo waved him off, taking out the Wu Hu Saber Manual that he had just gotten and passed it to Zhao Sihu. "I’ll reward you with this manual, I hope you will train well in it and become a tiger for our army."

Zhao Sihu took over the manual emotionally, kneeling with one foot. "Thank you lord!"

Ouyang Shuo took out a box of silver from his storage bag and said, "Share this with your soldiers, they deserve it!"

"Yes my lord!"

After the rewards were handed out, they made their way back.

Gaia 9th month 25th day, afternoon

Ouyang Shuo and his troops returned to Shanhai City.

When he returned, he passed all the prisoners and resources over to the Military Affairs Department and Internal Affairs Department to handle.

The Military Affairs Department was in charge of giving prisoners trials, and killing the evil ones. The remaining bandits would be temporarily housed outside the city by the Household Registration Division. For this group of mountain bandits, Ouyang Shuo had other plans for them.

Returning to the lord's manor, Ouyang Shuo took out the 2 boxes of silver and box of gems to Zisu, and she would be in charge of placing them in the internal storage of the lord's manor.

Of course, he also didn't forget to ask her to prepare a box of malt candy for Xue'er.

As for the 2 boxes of gold, Ouyang Shuo took them for the time being. Adding with the gold they had taken from the mountain bandits, Ouyang Shuo had a total of 31,000 gold in his storage bag.

After dealing with the small matters, Ouyang Shuo took out the biggest reward from this raid, which was a king rank summoning token.

Ouyang Shuo tore the token, and with a white light, a young general riding a white horse appeared.

"System Notification: Congratulations Player Qiyue Wuyi for successfully summoning king rank historical person Luo Shixin, awarded 50 reputation points."

Upon seeing Ouyang Shuo, the young men immediately got off his horse, knelt on the floor and said solemnly, "General Luo Shixin greets my lord!"

Luo Shixin was an official under Zhang Xutuo during the Sui Dynasty, entering the military during the farmer uprising and entering the Wugang army. He was given the role of supervisor, but was captured when they fought against Wang Shicong.

As he lost to Wang Shicong, he took his troops and surrendered to the Tang Dynasty, and was given the role of supervisor of the Xiazhou Daoheng army. He used his spear to stab Wang Xuanyin, taking over Qianjin Castle and helping Li Shimin bring peace to Luoyang, where he was given the role of Jiangzhou’s supervisor and the lord protector.

Compared to other historical people, his specialty was his age. He joined the army when he was 14 and was captured when he was 19. When he was killed by Liu Heita, he was only 23.

He was a huge talent. Unfortunately he passed away too early. If not, he could’ve became a well-known general of his generation.

Ouyang Shuo was delighted. He took a step forward and helped Luo Shixin up. "General, please stand up!"

After he got up, O

uyang Shuo took a look at his stats.

Name: Luo Shixin (King grade)

Dynasty: Sui Tang

Identity: Shanhai City General

Occupation: Advanced Officer

Loyalty: 80

Command: 70

Force: 85

Intelligence: 50

Politics: 35

Specialty: Courage (Raise troops combat power by 20%), Charging (Raise troops movement speed by 20%)

Cultivation Technique: Overlord Spear Manual

Equipment: Fine Iron Overlord Spear

Evaluation: Shixin can be used as a vanguard or a protector. Strictly follows the law, has no relatives, not attached to anything.

Luo Shixin's arrival was a saving grace for Ouyang Shuo. He was worrying about not having good generals and wouldn't be able to expand the army. With him, the problem was half solved.

As it was already late, they couldn't have a deep conversation. Ouyang Shuo introduced him to Ge Hongliang and asked Ge Hongliang to welcome him. As for the specific role and arrangements, they would be discussed tomorrow.

During dinner, Ouyang Shuo asked Song Jia a question. "How's the building of Dongli Sword Sect?"

"It's nearly finished; we will have our opening ceremony on the 1st day of the 10th month." Song Jia was very excited.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and laughed. "Wow I really have to call you Song Sect Leader from now onward. During the ceremony I'll give you a big gift.”

Her eyes brightened, with Ouyang Shuo's position and rank, his big gift would definitely be big. She asked curiously, "What gift?"

"You'll know when the time comes." Ouyang Shuo wanted to keep it a secret.

"Hen, it's okay, don't tell me!"

9th month, 26th day, 10 AM.

As the 1st and 3rd regiments hadn't returned, Ouyang Shuo held a Shanhai City military governance meeting. This was the first time Shanhai City held such a meeting since military affairs and governance became separate; thus, it was of high importance.

Everyone who was a secretary and above were here; as for the military portion, everyone major and above were here. Apart from that, Ouyang Shuo also invited the professionals to attend the meeting.

During the 9th month, Ouyang Shuo spent most of him time outside and didn't have time for territorial matters. Luckily with the directors there, nothing much happened, but there weren't any eye-catching achievements either.

When Ouyang Shuo was in the Army Division, apart from the battles, the rest of the time he spent on thinking about the future planning and strategic settings of the territory.

As the territory continued to expand, and more player groups joined, Shanhai City looked prosperous, but internally there were many problems. The biggest problem would be the loss of direction without a strategic goal.

Hence, Ouyang Shuo wanted to have a military governance meeting to get ideas.

Ouyang Shuo said, "Courtier Fan, tell us the basic situation of the territory."

"Yes, lord!" Fan Zhongyan got up. "Till date, apart from Shanhai City, we have 8 affiliate territories, 4 cities and 4 towns. We take up half of the Lianzhou Basin, covering mostly the eastern and western areas. Population wise, Shanhai City has just broken 80 thousand, and our total territory population has broken 240 thousand.

"Finance wise, Beihai City, Qiushui City and Friendship City have all become self-sufficient, and their income levels are quite stable. The 5 new affiliate territories needs government help, especially Tianfeng Town, which needs to pay for half of the Tianhai Road, needing large amounts of financial help and subsidies."

After Fan Zhongyan backed down, Ge Hongliang, who was the military representative, said, "Lord, with Shanhai City as the core, counting Qiushui City, Beihai City and Friendship City, the central region has a population of over 200 thousand. Counting all our forces, however, we only have 15 thousand militants. I suggest we expand the military again."

As expected from him, Ge Hongliang's words were exactly what Ouyang Shuo wanted to hear.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "Your suggestion is great. It's a good time to expand. Zhao Sihu!"

"I'm here!" Zhao Sihu stepped out.

"Use the city protection unit, two sword-shield soldier units, and one archer unit as a base to build the city protection regiment. You will be the deputy colonel, and once you officially upgrade, you will be promoted."

"Thank you my lord!" Zhao Sihu was very emotional and excited.

"As the city’s western and eastern camps have been moving outward, it would be difficult for them to protect the city. Hence, compared to the city protection unit, the city protection regiment has a more important task. Apart from the city walls and city gates, you are in charge of the defense of the borders near Shanhai City. The regiment will include 2 sword-shield soldier units, 2 archer units, and one cavalry unit. The original crossbowmen squadron will be removed and be back under the god machine unit's command." The change in duty meant that it would go from 2nd rate in the army to of 1st rate and of the utmost importance.

"Yes my lord!" Zhao Sihu suddenly felt the weight of the responsibility on his shoulders.

"Zhang Daniu, Hu Yibiao!"

"Present!" Both of them stepped out at the same time.

"Qiushui and Friendship City's city protection unit will both become regiments, with both of you as deputy colonels." Ouyang Shuo reorganized the military system once and for all.

"Thank you, lord!"

After dealing with the city protection forces, Ouyang Shuo shouted, " Wang Feng!"

"Yes lord!"

"The Guards unit is now a Guards regiment with you as colonel. Remember, there's no rush in the building of the regiment. After all the regiments are done and their battle strengths have formed up, hold the trials." Wang Feng, who levelled up during the Er'Shi Ridge battle, had solved a huge problem for Ouyang Shuo.

"Yes, my lord!"

Shanhai City now had a city protection regiment and Guards regiment; with the help of god machine unit, it had nothing to worry about.

Ouyang Shuo looked at Luo Shixin, who was siting beside Zhu Hongliang. "Luo Shixin!"

"Yes lord!" Yesterday, Luo Shixin got familiar with the Shanhai City structure, and as such he was very confident.

"You are in charge of the 4th regiment, which will be a light armored regiment. You will be given Qingfu horses and located at the city’s western camp. You will be the deputy chief of the camp and the colonel of the 4th regiment.

"Thank you lord!"

"Shi Wanshui!"

"Yes lord!" Shi Wanshui stood out.

"Once the 4th regiment is finished, the city’s western camp would be up and running. Bring the 2 regiments along the route of the Tianhai Road and clear all neighbouring raiders."

"Yes my lord!" Hearing that there would be more action, Shi Wanshui was very excited.

Since he had decided to end the peace and start to show his might, Ouyang Shuo would naturally take the initiative to strike.

Based on his plan, the first step would be to clear the western area of the Lianzhou Basin to create a peaceful and safe environment for the development of the territory.



* * *





Chapter 236




Chapter 236-238

Chapter 236- Thirst for Talents



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora



Ouyang Shuo had added five regiments - a total of 18 units, nine thousand soldiers, which basically used up all the members of the reserve forces they had gotten from the raider's city attack.

Ouyang Shuo did a rough estimation, just the class changes for this expansion would cost 10 thousand gold. He had earned money at a faster rate than other lords. Now, he was spending money at a far faster rate too.

When he had just entered the game, 100 gold was considered a huge amount. In just a year, he was currently dealing with thousands of gold.

As the military rapidly expanded, the average strength of the soldiers would decrease too. Apart from that, the provision of weapons definitely couldn't keep up with the rate of the expansion.

Based on the standards of the Shanhai City army, reaching 100% provision of bows was impossible. Additionally, the weapons workshop couldn't keep up to speed with the main weapon of the sword-shield soldiers and the cavalry, the Tang Sword.

The three thousand Qingfu horses that were kept at the city west horse stables were all used up. However, it still wasn't enough for all the Guards regiment and the 4th regiment. They ended up with a 1,500 horse shortfall. As for the three city protection regiments, giving them all Qingfu horses seemed like a far away fantasy.

Such a huge army was also a gigantic burden on the finances of the territory.

Based on the military salary standards, a unit based on an average soldier being grade 4 would cost 275 gold. A regiment used 1,375 gold and a division used 8,250 gold. This did not include the major general and the colonel's pay. Out of which, the general's salary took up 35%.

With such huge military spending, Ouyang Shuo didn't touch the profits from the Langshan Minefields or Northern Saltpans. Instead, he directly passed them to the Financial Department.

Hence, this was the strongest but also the weakest the Shanhai City army had ever been.

Military matters were only the first thing on the agenda for this military governance meeting.

Ouyang Shuo look around, "We last organized the lord's manor at grade 1 city and 4 months have passed since then. As the number of officials and civil servants have increased, the Mandarin Courtyard is getting a little tight."

"Hence, I've decided, based on the organization of the city, to activate the plan for the west of the lord's manor to be a district for officials. The standard would be for each division to have their own courtyard and each department will form a cluster. Including the Military Affairs Department, everyone will move to this district.

"As for the lord's manor, the front courtyard will become purely a meeting area. Apart from the meeting hall, the two sides will also have halls. The main hall will be used for the monthly military and governance meetings, while the small halls will be used for the daily ones. The office in the front courtyard will all be moved to the Mandarin Courtyard."

The changes in the organization of the lord's manor was in truth a change in its meaning and stature. After building the district for the officials, the lord's manor will change into a core area of power. This meant that Ouyang Shuo would officially put down the responsibility of secretaries and below, and he would only control the higher ups and the overall situation.

Ouyang Shuo already had so much to think about concerning outside affairs. He didn't have the energy to keep up with the specifics and micromanage the territory. Hence, he made use of the argument of the Mandarin Courtyard being too small to change the territory structure and organization.

This change wasn't as clear as setting up a division or department, but its influence was far more than either of those.

This type of internal revolution was something that many of them couldn't understand. To them, having an individual courtyard and not having to work under the watchful eye of the lord was something to be happy about. To see the deep meaning, probably only Xu Shuda and Xu Zhenchang could do so.

Fan Zhongyan and Tian Wenjing looked at each other, their eyes showing a sense of uncertainty.

Ouyang Shuo didn't bother about their thoughts and said, "As the territory matters pick up and we get more and more busy, we will get more and more official letters. Hence, only depending on one clerk would grow very difficult. I've decided to set up a clerk office to focus on such letters. The responsibility of the manager of this clerk office is the same as a secretary. Bai Nanpu will be taken up this position. An additional four to five clerks will be hired to help him out."

"Thank you, my lord!" Bai Nanpu had finally made it; he had gained an official position.

Ouyang Shuo also announced that deputy secretary Jiancheng would take over the Construction Division from Zhao Dewang.

Ouyang Shuo had originally planned on letting Sun Xiaoyue take over. Unfortunately, she was only interested in architecture and not construction matters. Hence, Ouyang Shuo could only let that be.

After the reorganization, Ouyang Shuo started to announce his plans for the territory, "To conquer five territories at once is something to be happy about. Next, we need to think about how to integrate these five territories into the Shanhai City system. For them, we must have a plan and also subsequent goals. The main goal is the building of Tianfeng City. It has an important strategic location. I has a level of utmost importance, as it would be the center city for the west region."

"To support the building of Tianfeng City, I've decided to send the prisoners from the Er'Shi Ridge there, apart from those already selected for the reserve force. To do what? We have already missed the chance for land reclamation and also the second season of rice planting. The answer is to build a city wall. The wall it has now is too small-scale and is only able to hold a limited amount of people. Its outer wall has to follow that of a prefecture grade, 10 kilometres long, 10 meters high, and 30 meters thick."

The core project for Tianfeng City would be to finish this outer city wall and the official channel, these two large-scale projects. Ouyang Shuo made Zhao Dewang the city magistrate out of such considerations.

Ouyang Shuo's thinking was simple. Before they built

Tianhai Road, Tianfeng City was cut off and far away, so it was difficult to expand.

Ouyang Shuo might as well just start building city walls and other simple buildings.

"Apart from Tianfeng City, the second priority is Gushan Town. It's close to the mountain barbarian tribes in the center region and located at a good strategic location. I've decided to move all the residents to Yishui Town and also attract the mountain barbarians to come down. I them to run Gushan Town themselves," as he said these words, he turned around and looked at Tian Wenjing, "Tian Wenjing, you will handle its building."

"Yes my lord!" Tian Wenjing assented.

Compared to the settlements at Qiushui City, Gushan Town had an advantage. Its facilities were all there and didn't need rebuilding. It could also hold 10 to 20 tribes.

Gushan Town also kept contact with the mountain barbarian tribes, so persuading them wouldn't be too difficult.

The only regret would be that they had missed the second rice planting season. When the mountain barbarians come down the mountain, Shanhai City would need to provide them with half a year of grain.

If one couldn't bear to pay for bait, they wouldn't catch the fish. Ouyang Shuo understood such reasoning.

After the original residents of Gushan Town moved to Yishui Town, it could help promote growth in Yishui Town and help it upgrade to Yishui City. Before they took down Broken Blade Town, Yishui Town would be the east side castle for Shanhai City, so it was important too.

Hence, after he started the creation of Shanhai Road, Ouyang Shuo needed to build channels and paths between Qiushui City and Yishui Town, including that of Gushan Town.

Since the mountain barbarians couldn't plant crops, using them to build official roads and paths were the best idea. It wouldn't cause to him to waste too much manpower.

As for the clearing of the raider camps across the path, he handed this task to the city east camp as a matter of course.

Ouyang Shuo settled the plans of the five affiliate territories with a few words. Moreover, he gave a working direction to the departments and divisions.

As the territory expanded, another big problem of Shanhai City was revealed—a lack of talent. The five affiliate territories were like Shanhai Town when it was at that stage; they lacked talent. Shanhai City had no choice but to send some high-level civil servants and officials over.

This resulted in a shortage of talent in the main camp.

If it was simply a shortage of government-level officials, Ouyang Shuo wouldn't be worried. After all, he did have Xinan University. After a little training, they could take up roles.

The crux of the problem was that outside of the government system, they lacked specialized talents. Apart from Fan Zhongyan and Tian Wenjing, they didn't have any other high-ranked officials.

This worried him, the five affiliate territories were all struggling in this area. They were unable to find and develop talent.

A lack of talent restricted the growth and development of Shanhai City.

Xinan University was a long term plan, similar to the Shanhai City offices in the system imperial cities. They wouldn't affect the situation in the short term.

Historical people were also so difficult to obtain. The end of the Xia, Shang, and Zhou dynasties neared, so there weren't any famous ministers that he could obtain. The only thing Ouyang Shuo looked forward to was Yi Yun at the start of the Shang dynasty.

Unfortunately, half a month had passed since the Battle of Muye, but no one had seen Yi Yun.

Shanhai City had an advantage in attracting Shang dynasty famous ministers. Not only did they have Er'Lai, the famous general, they also had a gift from the Shang King. As such, they had a strong relationship with the Shang dynasty.

Moreover, the Mazu Temple, the Recruitment Hall, and the Yellow Emperor Temple raised the reputation of Shanhai City. Hence, the city had a huge advantage in attracting historical people.

Even so, they still didn't gain get any rewards yet, which made Ouyang Shuo anxious but helpless.



Chapter 237- Rescued from the Death



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora



Ouyang a Shuo suppressed his thirst for talents and continued to plan and organize the territory.

"The finance problem of the territory is largely due to our excessive reliance on the Langshan Minefields and the Northern Saltpans. We lost the motivation to expand and find new industries because we have funds that stream in from these two places. As the territory and the military both expand, the gold from these two will not be enough and we need more.

"Be it the Langshan Minefields or the Northern Saltpans, their scale and profits have already peaked, so it has no potential for further growth. For the long-term future, we need to find other industries, apart from the core industries we settled on, the like military goods, the territory has also produced local products like the Three Flowers Wine and rainbow colored silk. These are high profit products. Unfortunately, they weren't focused on and are in a half-dead state. In truth, the potential of these local products are far higher than the mines and saltpans, as they have infinite possibilities."

Ouyang Shuo's words were a form of self-criticism and also criticism toward the work of the Financial Department. Be it the Three Flowers Wine or the rainbow colored silk, Ouyang Shuo had passed them over to the Financial Department and had given them some advice. Unfortunately, they took only small steps, and they weren't adventurous enough.

Ouyang Shuo signaled at Yingyu with his eyes to stop her from apologizing. Then, he said, "I've decided to set up an Industry Division. I'll place them in charge of the Three Flowers Wine, the rainbow colored silk, and the white tea. At the same time, I'll be taking out 5,000 gold to support its development. The specific plans include building a large-scale wine workshop at the west suburbs. Let's call it the Three Flowers Wine Factory. Monthly production must exceed 500 thousand units. Additionally, expand the production of the mulberry gardens to at least 10 thousand mu. Geography affects the white tea, so it faces a relatively high degree of uncertainty."

As the Three Flowers Wine opened up, the market in Dali became more and more popular. They could sell each unit of wine for two silver, resulting in a profit of 150 copper. If the factory could meet its production target, they could profit 7500 gold per a month. Moreover, if they expanded the factory the future, the profits would rise

rise too.

After they built the Three Flowers Wine Factory, they would also create a large number of jobs.

Based on the information from the president of the textile association, Yingcui, Lianzhou Basin could rear silkworms four times a year. One mu of mulberry garden could produce 90 units of silkworm babies, with three units producing one unit of silk, and five units of silk producing a silk cloth.

Which meant that one mu could produce six colored silk cloths a season. On the market, one colored silk cloth cost one gold. After the deduction of 10% tax and the deduction of the costs, he would earn 4 gold in profit.

If the mulberry garden expanded to 10 thousand mu, they could earn 40 thousand gold each season and 160 thousand a year.

Based on his plan, the Three Flowers Factory and Mulberry Gardens were similar to another Langshan Minefield and Northern Saltpan, doubling the profits.

The plan that Ouyang Shuo suggested was very exciting, and it made everyone's blood boil.

Even so, Ouyang Shuo wasn't pleased and turned his eyes to the core industry—the Military. After he settled the problems with iron, the production of the three military workshops had increased, but this wasn't sufficient. If weapons production wasn't self sufficient, how could they hold firearm deals?

Ouyang Shuo looked at the head of Fallen Moon Guild, Sun Xiaoyue and said, "We will open the three military workshops in the east region to the tailors, the blacksmiths, and the carpenters from the guild. However, this is on the condition that they sign a non-disclosure agreement; I hope that the guild will act as the leading force for this job."

Sun Xiaoyue was invited to the meeting as an advisor, so it wasn't convenient for her to talk too much. As such, she just nodded in agreement.

After three months of hard work, the Fallen Moon Guild had upgraded its guild token to silver rank. This gave them a new upper limit of 10 thousand people. It also granted them an additional Guild specialty at the same time.

When Ouyang Shuo learned of this news, he immediately contacted his little aunt. Then, he teleported over all the work occupation players that the Snow-War Rose Mercenary group had gathered for Shanhai City.

In a short amount of time, the number of members in Fallen Moon Guild broke two thousand and continued to rise.

The number of player groups in Shanhai City continued to increase. For a more balanced development, Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to send some work occupation players over to Qiushui City and Friendship City.

As for Beihai City, he had not opened it to other players yet.

Work occupation players usually brought along their families. As such, they all lived in Shanhai City.

This side effect had its pros and cons. The players were all young people and their family members could be split into elders, those of the same generation, and those of the younger generation.

Elders would be their parents or even their grandparents, who all had vast experiences. These people would either choose fishing or cooking and just enjoy life. If they had a skill, Xinan University would hire them as basic level teachers, they were the most stable and settled group.

Those of the same generation would be the player's brothers and sisters, which were all young people. This batch were also work occupation players. However, their talents weren't distinct. Most of them were still adventure mode players.

They belonged to the most unstable group.

For that, Ouyang Shuo gave the order and opened the Procuratorate Division to the bailiff players, the medical division to healer type players, and Song Jia's Dongli Sword Sect to chivalrous experts.

Alchemist type players could also go to Qingyang Temple at the west suburbs.

As for Advisor and General type players, they were the saddest group. Shanhai City Military was temporarily not open to players, so they were unable to join.

The last type were the younger generation—the kids. These bunch were like Bing'er. They just needed to go to virtual school every day. When they didn't go to school, they would play around in the territory, adding some fun and noise to it.

As Shanhai City became more and more open, player groups started to trust and gain a sense of belonging toward Shanhai City.

After Ouyang Shuo made some final arrangements and plans for the military, affiliate territories, territory structure, and industries, he finally said, "I hope you can all work hard and make sure all these plans succeed."

"Yes, my lord!" The officials all bowed together.

With that, the military and governance meeting that Ouyang Shuo ran alone officially ended.

Just as Ouyang Shuo was organizing and planning the territory layout blueprints, something happened at Broken Blade Town, located east of Xila Lake. This event would affect the future of Lianzhou Basin.

Broken Blade Town, Lord's Manor.

"What did you say, can you repeat it?" Ba Dao didn't believe it.

"Sire, it's 100% true information. The mountain barbarian tribes that work with us found a gold mine in the forest. They don't know how to mine and extract the gold, so they want to work with us."

"Great!" Ba Dao slammed the table and stood up. Then, he paced up and down the meeting hall, as he tried his best to calm down, "The heavens didn't forsake me!"

During the territory war, Broken Blade Town had lost badly. Their military had nearly hit zero and they used up all the territory funds after the three teleportations.

To raise up funds to build a new army, Ba Dao had nearly sold all his resources. In that period of time, Ba Dao couldn't sleep. He feared that when he woke up, Shanhai City would have attacked. Luckily, Tianfeng City had used up all their efforts, and they had no time to think about further east. As such, they temporarily let off Broken Blade Town.

Just at that moment, the rise in grain prices had thrown Broken Blade Town into a state of emergency. On the verge of death, he became desperate.

While he thought that everything was lost, hope appeared.

The gold mine was undoubtedly a gift from the heavens. It gave him a road to survival.

"Qiyue Wuyi, I'll never forgive you!" Ba Dao viciously swore.

In the afternoon,

the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo walked out of the Lord's Manor and entered the worship area.

It was very spacious and the square in the north area took up two-thirds of the worship area.

The square was made up of a green stone floor; there were also exquisite fences carved from Dali Stone all around.

There was a raised platform in the middle with a copper cauldron on it. Other than that, there weren't any other decorations in the square.

The three Temples stood at the back of the square. The middle was naturally the Yellow Emperor Temple. Beside it were the basic buildings of a Grade 3 City, the Confucius Temple, and the Martial Temple.

When one walked into the Confucius Temple, they would see five courtyards from the front to the back. The place had red walls, yellow tiles, Wanren Wall, Lingxing Gate, Pan Lake, Dacheng Gate, Dacheng Hall, Minglun Hall, Zhunjin Pavilion and the like.

The Confucius Temple paid respect to Confucius, his eldest disciple Yanyan, the 10 sages, the 72 worthy people, and the 22 wise people. Apart from the 22 wise people, the rest were Confucius's disciples.

The 10 sages all had statues, the 72 worthy people only had pictures, and they would all accept incense and worship.

In the game, Gaia made some changes to the Confucius Temple. Apart from keeping Confucius's position, it changed the 10 sages and 72 worthy people into ministers and historical people.

Shanhai City's Fan Zhongyan were among these people, listed as one of the 72 worthy people.

If a person listed here died in the game, they could be revived. This positive aspect made such a person virtually immortal like players.

Ouyang Shuo took out the incense pill and a system notification appeared in his ear.

"System Notification: Found that player Qiyue Wuyi has an incense pill, will you use it?"

"Use it!"

With a swiping sound, the incense pill turned into a white light and entered the Minister Statue.

"System Notification: Incense pill has enriched Minister Statue, Confucius Temple has given birth to a new building specialty—Political Achievement (Raises chance of civil servants breaking through by 30%)."

As expected from the Confucius Temple, its specialty was made for civil servants.



Chapter 238- Ice



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora



Ouyang Shuo walked out of the Confucius Temple and entered the Martial Temple at the other end.

The design of the Martial Temple was similar to the Confucius Temple. It paid respects to martial artists and generals. It had Jiang Ziya as the saint, Zhangliang as the secondary saint, along with 10 sages and 72 generals.

Shanhai City's Shi Wanshui was included as one of the 72 generals. As E'Lai was from a dynasty too long ago, he wasn't included, which was a pity.

Ouyang Shuo took out his last incense pill. A system notification sounded in his ear.

"System Notification: Found that player Qiyue Wuyi has an incense pill, will you use it?"

"Use it!"

With a 'Shua' sound, the pill turned into a while light and entered the General statue.

"System Notification: Incense pill has enriched General Statue. Martial Temple birthed a speciality—Martial Arts (Raises chance of generals breaking bottlenecks by 30%)."

This new specialty was a huge blessing for generals like Sun Tengjiao and Zhao Sihu, who were stuck at the basic general level. Ouyang Shuo was looking forward to them breaking the bottleneck one by one.

Ouyang Shuo didn't expect that the five incense pills that Di Xin gave him would be so effective, and it made him feel very thankful.

After dinner, Ouyang Shuo called all the girls in the back courtyard, including Siqin and Siqi. He looked at Yingyu, "Yu'er, after the Financial Department sets up the Industry Division, the shops and inns under the department will be under the Lord's Manor." The shops and inns were all businesses that lost money; Ouyang Shuo taking them up helped to show the magnanimity of the Lord's Manor.

Although Yingyu felt that it was weird, she nodded in reply.

During the military and governance meeting, Ouyang Shuo's criticism was something that Yingyu felt bad about. She wanted to make good work of the industrial businesses. Naturally, not having the shops and inns was good.

Ouyang Shuo looked at all the girls and said, "As the businesses under the Lord's Manor increase and the internal storeroom becomes more and more full, it will get busier and busier. Hence, we have to set up rules to regulate the matters here. I've decided to set up the Housekeeping Division, which will purely be in charge of the internal matters of the Lord's Manor."

Ouyang Shuo's point naturally garnered the agreement of everyone. As the organization structure of Shanhai City matured, the internal affairs of the Lord's Manor didn't seem structured. Yingyu had brought up this point to Ouyang Shuo before.

Ouyang Shuo looked at Song Jia and laughed, "The Housekeeping Division is its own organization and focuses purely on the Lord's Manor and nothing else. As for the position of secretary, are you okay with it?"

Song Jia blushed, as she heard the hidden meaning in his words. Him asking her to be the Housekeeping Secretary was similar to accepting her as the female owner of the Lord's Manor.

Actually, these matters were all hidden and kept quiet, but now Ouyang Shuo had placed it in the open. Obviously, it made her feel embarrassed.

"Okay!" Song Jia didn't hesitate much and agreed.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. He admired this the part of Song Jia. Once she regarded Ouyang Shuo as her husband, she wasn't afraid of others gossiping, "Apart from the Secretary, there will be a manager and two assistants. The manager shall be Zisu, while Siqin and Siqi will be the assistants."

"Thank you, my lord!" Zisu and the other two kneeled and thanked Ouyang Shuo.

As she had just established the Dongli Sword Sect, Song Jia didn't have much time to bother with the Lord's Manor duties. Hence, the manager actually did most of the work. Zisu felt very emotional and thankful to receive such an important role.

It was unknown how Banxia felt, as she stood behind Song Jia and watched her few sisters gain such important roles. If she didn't choose to practice martial arts, she would also have a place in the Housekeeping Division.

"My lord, there's still a week till the mid-autumn festival. Do you have anything in mind?" asked Zisu, as she made use of this chance.

Ouyang Shuo froze, he didn't expect it to be mid-autumn so quickly. As a traditional Chinese festival, it was very important. It was a time when you reunited with

you reunited with your family.

"I don't have any requests, just do so as usual," Suddenly, Ouyang Shuo felt a little downhearted.

"Yes, my lord!" Zisu nodded.

"Disperse!" Everyone went off to do their own things, while Ouyang Shuo returned to his room.

Ouyang Shuo sat cross legged on the bed and took out the cooling bead. He placed it in his palm and closed his eyes. Then, he started to cultivate. He activated the internal strength in his meridians and rotated them in accordance with the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique. He started to slowly rotate it.

Right at that moment, cooling jets of air spread out from the palm of his hand. It spread into his meridians. After the stimulation of the cold air from the bead, the golden internal strength seemed to rotate a lot faster.

Furthermore, the calming effect of the cold air seemed to pacify the devil bloodline. It didn't affect his rotations any longer.

A full two months had passed since he had cultivated the technique to the 3rd layer. The upper limit of the 3rd layer was 5 thousand points, five times that of the 2nd layer.

During this time, Ouyang Shuo had diligently read the Buddhist scriptures. As such, cultivation had become much easier for him. The scriptures helped and made the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique clearer to him. It allowed him to gain a deeper understanding of it.

When he started cultivating this technique, he had totally relied on the cultivation knowledge that Gaia had placed in his head. He learned based on filling the blanks.

As he gained more knowledge in regards to Taoism, he tried to look at the cultivation technique in a new way. Slowly, he gained his own understandings, which made cultivation different.

In his dantian, the strands of internal strength had coiled up together, and they flowed everywhere like a haze. It looked very illusionary.

Till date, Ouyang Shuo could rotate for seven cycles. Each cycle would give him 8 points of internal strength. After he gained the cooling bead, his cultivation became quicker. The bead allowed him to rotate nine cycles.

Hence, Ouyang Shuo could gain 72 internal strength points a day. With this speed, he could soon train the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique to the 4th layer.

From this, one could see the importance of the cultivation path. External tools to help cultivation were also important. One small little cooling bead could help him a lot.

Unfortunately, one could only chance upon such a treasure.

Early in the morning, Ouyang Shuo started to practice.

To not affect the sleep of Bing'er, Ouyang Shuo changed his practice area to an empty area in the backyard garden. To help in his Bajiquan practice, he also placed some dummies there.

Ever since Song Jia had come, two people would practice in the back garden.

Song Jia was a princess in real life, but there was a deep motivation and viciousness in her bones. Her motivation to practice was not less than someone like Ouyang Shuo.

The back garden in the early morning was a place filled with birds and the scent of flowers. When one stepped on the ground, the fresh smell of the grass and flowers would fill one's nose. One had to say, Gaia was amazing, this virtual environment was the same as real life.

The two of them greeted each other and walked beside one another. Then, they started their practice.

As he started to get deeper into the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique, the internal strength brought out an external strength. His body quality improved day after day, be it boxing or spearmanship, they all grew better and better.

Ouyang Shuo's fast learning ability started to show in his training.

Be it Bajiquan or the Yang Family spearmanship, they all improved at a tremendous speed. His Bajiquan had already reached the 'Perform with ease' level, and the Yang Family spearmanship had reached the 'Become proficient' level.

Ouyang Shuo's current strength was comparable to Lin Yi's.

The only regret would be that he hadn't found a suitable spear. The elite iron spear in his hand felt light. He felt like he couldn't exert any power with it.

Especially the normal wooden pole. It lacked any complicated crafting processes that could allow it to handle Ouyang Shuo's rotation of his internal strength.

If he imbued his internal strength into the spear, there would be an obvious buzzing noise. Then, the wood patterns and structure of the pole would break.

Helplessly, Ouyang Shuo could only give up on using his internal strength on the spear for now, as he couldn't change a spear every time he trained.

Although Shanhai City was prosperous, it couldn't afford such an expenditure.

After he finished his training, Ouyang Shuo was sweaty, and his shirt was soaked. He took a towel by the wooden rack and wiped off the sweat on his face.

On the other side, Song Jia was still practicing her sword. She was getting better and better with the Yuenu sword technique.

A breeze blew past, which blew a small leaf up. Then, it drifted in the air, just nice hitting the sword in Song Jia's hand.

The exquisite iron sword seemed to have merged with the air itself; it did not face any restrictions, as it moved through the air. He looked at the leaf again. Her sword had already cut the leaf into two like it was originally two pieces. Upon closer infection, the cut was covered in frost, which was an effect of the Nine Yin Scripture.

Both males and females could cultivate this technique, but different sexes would result in different results. Song Jia's internal strength had an ice effect. If she trained it to its extreme, the ice could imbue itself into one's heart and bones.

Compared to the iron spear, the iron sword in her hand could handle much more internal strength. Hence, Song Jia could use it without thinking.

"Pa pa pa!" Ouyang Shuo clapped in awe, "Good sword skill!"

Song Jia kept her sword and laughed, "How is it? I'm good, right?"

"Sect Leader Song's sword technique is too good. I'm envious." Ouyang Shuo didn't hold back with his compliments.

Song Jia was like a proud peacock. She giggled as she sheathed her sword. After she nodded at Ouyang Shuo, she turned around with style and the aura of a heroine.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head in amusement. He picked up his spear and returned to the back courtyard. Zisu had ordered someone to prepare cold water for Ouyang Shuo to bathe and wash up.





* * *





Chapter 237




Chapter 237: TWO Chapter 237- Rescued from the Death

Chapter 237- Rescued from the Death

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

Ouyang a Shuo suppressed his thirst for talents and continued to plan and organize the territory.

"The finance problem of the territory is largely due to our excessive reliance on the Langshan Minefields and the Northern Saltpans. We lost the motivation to expand and find new industries because we have funds that stream in from these two places. As the territory and the military both expand, the gold from these two will not be enough and we need more.

"Be it the Langshan Minefields or the Northern Saltpans, their scale and profits have already peaked, so it has no potential for further growth. For the long-term future, we need to find other industries, apart from the core industries we settled on, the like military goods, the territory has also produced local products like the Three Flowers Wine and rainbow colored silk. These are high profit products. Unfortunately, they weren't focused on and are in a half-dead state. In truth, the potential of these local products are far higher than the mines and saltpans, as they have infinite possibilities.”

Ouyang Shuo's words were a form of self-criticism and also criticism toward the work of the Financial Department. Be it the Three Flowers Wine or the rainbow colored silk, Ouyang Shuo had passed them over to the Financial Department and had given them some advice. Unfortunately, they took only small steps, and they weren't adventurous enough.

Ouyang Shuo signaled at Yingyu with his eyes to stop her from apologizing. Then, he said, "I've decided to set up an Industry Division. I’ll place them in charge of the Three Flowers Wine, the rainbow colored silk, and the white tea. At the same time, I’ll be taking out 5,000 gold to support its development. The specific plans include building a large-scale wine workshop at the west suburbs. Let’s call it the Three Flowers Wine Factory. Monthly production must exceed 500 thousand units. Additionally, expand the production of the mulberry gardens to at least 10 thousand mu. Geography affects the white tea, so it faces a relatively high degree of uncertainty."

As the Three Flowers Wine opened up, the market in Dali became more and more popular. They could sell each unit of wine for two silver, resulting in a profit of 150 copper. If the factory could meet its production target, they could profit 7500 gold per a month. Moreover, if they expanded the factory the future, the profits would rise too.

After they built the Three Flowers Wine Factory, they would also create a large number of jobs.

Based on the information from the president of the textile association, Yingcui, Lianzhou Basin could rear silkworms four times a year. One mu of mulberry garden could produce 90 units of silkworm babies, with three units producing one unit of silk, and five units of silk producing a silk cloth.

Which meant that one mu could produce six colored silk cloths a season. On the market, one colored silk cloth cost one gold. After the deduction of 10% tax and the deduction of the costs, he would earn 4 gold in profit.

If the mulberry garden expanded to 10 thousand mu, they could earn 40 thousand gold each season and 160 thousand a year.

Based on his plan, the Three Flowers Factory and Mulberry Gardens were similar to another Langshan Minefield and Northern Saltpan, doubling the profits.

The plan that Ouyang Shuo suggested was very exciting, and it made everyone's blood boil.

Even so, Ouyang Shuo wasn't pleased and turned his eyes to the core industry—the Military. After he settled the problems with iron, the production of the three military workshops had increased, but this wasn’t sufficien

t. If weapons production wasn't self sufficient, how could they hold firearm deals?

Ouyang Shuo looked at the head of Fallen Moon Guild, Sun Xiaoyue and said, “We will open the three military workshops in the east region to the tailors, the blacksmiths, and the carpenters from the guild. However, this is on the condition that they sign a non-disclosure agreement; I hope that the guild will act as the leading force for this job."

Sun Xiaoyue was invited to the meeting as an advisor, so it wasn't convenient for her to talk too much. As such, she just nodded in agreement.

After three months of hard work, the Fallen Moon Guild had upgraded its guild token to silver rank. This gave them a new upper limit of 10 thousand people. It also granted them an additional Guild specialty at the same time.

When Ouyang Shuo learned of this news, he immediately contacted his little aunt. Then, he teleported over all the work occupation players that the Snow-War Rose Mercenary group had gathered for Shanhai City.

In a short amount of time, the number of members in Fallen Moon Guild broke two thousand and continued to rise.

The number of player groups in Shanhai City continued to increase. For a more balanced development, Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to send some work occupation players over to Qiushui City and Friendship City.

As for Beihai City, he had not opened it to other players yet.

Work occupation players usually brought along their families. As such, they all lived in Shanhai City.

This side effect had its pros and cons. The players were all young people and their family members could be split into elders, those of the same generation, and those of the younger generation.

Elders would be their parents or even their grandparents, who all had vast experiences. These people would either choose fishing or cooking and just enjoy life. If they had a skill, Xinan University would hire them as basic level teachers, they were the most stable and settled group.

Those of the same generation would be the player's brothers and sisters, which were all young people. This batch were also work occupation players. However, their talents weren't distinct. Most of them were still adventure mode players.

They belonged to the most unstable group.

For that, Ouyang Shuo gave the order and opened the Procuratorate Division to the bailiff players, the medical division to healer type players, and Song Jia's Dongli Sword Sect to chivalrous experts.

Alchemist type players could also go to Qingyang Temple at the west suburbs.

As for Advisor and General type players, they were the saddest group. Shanhai City Military was temporarily not open to players, so they were unable to join.

The last type were the younger generation—the kids. These bunch were like Bing'er. They just needed to go to virtual school every day. When they didn't go to school, they would play around in the territory, adding some fun and noise to it.

As Shanhai City became more and more open, player groups started to trust and gain a sense of belonging toward Shanhai City.

After Ouyang Shuo made some final arrangements and plans for the military, affiliate territories, territory structure, and industries, he finally said, “I hope you can all work hard and make sure all these plans succeed."

"Yes, my lord!" The officials all bowed together.

With that, the military and governance meeting that Ouyang Shuo ran alone officially ended.

Just as Ouyang Shuo was organizing and planning the territory layout blueprints, something happened at Broken Blade Town, located east of Xila Lake. This event would affect the future of Lianzhou Basin.

Broken Blade Town, Lord's Manor.

"What did you say, can you repeat it?" Ba Dao didn't believe it.

"Sire, it’s 100% true information. The mountain barbarian tribes that work with us found a gold mine in the forest. They don't know how to mine and extract the gold, so they want to work with us."

"Great!" Ba Dao slammed the table and stood up. Then, he paced up and down the meeting hall, as he tried his best to calm down, “The heavens didn't forsake me!"

During the territory war, Broken Blade Town had lost badly. Their military had nearly hit zero and they used up all the territory funds after the three teleportations.

To raise up funds to build a new army, Ba Dao had nearly sold all his resources. In that period of time, Ba Dao couldn't sleep. He feared that when he woke up, Shanhai City would have attacked. Luckily, Tianfeng City had used up all their efforts, and they had no time to think about further east. As such, they temporarily let off Broken Blade Town.

Just at that moment, the rise in grain prices had thrown Broken Blade Town into a state of emergency. On the verge of death, he became desperate.

While he thought that everything was lost, hope appeared.

The gold mine was undoubtedly a gift from the heavens. It gave him a road to survival.

"Qiyue Wuyi, I'll never forgive you!" Ba Dao viciously swore.

In the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo walked out of the Lord's Manor and entered the worship area.

It was very spacious and the square in the north area took up two-thirds of the worship area.

The square was made up of a green stone floor; there were also exquisite fences carved from Dali Stone all around.

There was a raised platform in the middle with a copper cauldron on it. Other than that, there weren't any other decorations in the square.

The three Temples stood at the back of the square. The middle was naturally the Yellow Emperor Temple. Beside it were the basic buildings of a Grade 3 City, the Confucius Temple, and the Martial Temple.

When one walked into the Confucius Temple, they would see five courtyards from the front to the back. The place had red walls, yellow tiles, Wanren Wall, Lingxing Gate, Pan Lake, Dacheng Gate, Dacheng Hall, Minglun Hall, Zhunjin Pavilion and the like.

The Confucius Temple paid respect to Confucius, his eldest disciple Yanyan, the 10 sages, the 72 worthy people, and the 22 wise people. Apart from the 22 wise people, the rest were Confucius's disciples.

The 10 sages all had statues, the 72 worthy people only had pictures, and they would all accept incense and worship.

In the game, Gaia made some changes to the Confucius Temple. Apart from keeping Confucius’s position, it changed the 10 sages and 72 worthy people into ministers and historical people.

Shanhai City's Fan Zhongyan were among these people, listed as one of the 72 worthy people.

If a person listed here died in the game, they could be revived. This positive aspect made such a person virtually immortal like players.

Ouyang Shuo took out the incense pill and a system notification appeared in his ear.

"System Notification: Found that player Qiyue Wuyi has an incense pill, will you use it?"

"Use it!"

With a swiping sound, the incense pill turned into a white light and entered the Minister Statue.

"System Notification: Incense pill has enriched Minister Statue, Confucius Temple has given birth to a new building specialty—Political Achievement (Raises chance of civil servants breaking through by 30%)."

As expected from the Confucius Temple, its specialty was made for civil servants.



* * *





Chapter 238




Chapter 238: TWO Chapter 238- Ice

Chapter 238- Ice

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

Ouyang Shuo walked out of the Confucius Temple and entered the Martial Temple at the other end.

The design of the Martial Temple was similar to the Confucius Temple. It paid respects to martial artists and generals. It had Jiang Ziya as the saint, Zhangliang as the secondary saint, along with 10 sages and 72 generals.

Shanhai City's Shi Wanshui was included as one of the 72 generals. As E’Lai was from a dynasty too long ago, he wasn't included, which was a pity.

Ouyang Shuo took out his last incense pill. A system notification sounded in his ear.

"System Notification: Found that player Qiyue Wuyi has an incense pill, will you use it?"

"Use it!"

With a ‘Shua’ sound, the pill turned into a while light and entered the General statue.

"System Notification: Incense pill has enriched General Statue. Martial Temple birthed a speciality—Martial Arts (Raises chance of generals breaking bottlenecks by 30%)."

This new specialty was a huge blessing for generals like Sun Tengjiao and Zhao Sihu, who were stuck at the basic general level. Ouyang Shuo was looking forward to them breaking the bottleneck one by one.

Ouyang Shuo didn't expect that the five incense pills that Di Xin gave him would be so effective, and it made him feel very thankful.

After dinner, Ouyang Shuo called all the girls in the back courtyard, including Siqin and Siqi. He looked at Yingyu, “Yu'er, after the Financial Department sets up the Industry Division, the shops and inns under the department will be under the Lord's Manor." The shops and inns were all businesses that lost money; Ouyang Shuo taking them up helped to show the magnanimity of the Lord's Manor.

Although Yingyu felt that it was weird, she nodded in reply.

During the military and governance meeting, Ouyang Shuo's criticism was something that Yingyu felt bad about. She wanted to make good work of the industrial businesses. Naturally, not having the shops and inns was good.

Ouyang Shuo looked at all the girls and said, “As the businesses under the Lord's Manor increase and the internal storeroom becomes more and more full, it will get busier and busier. Hence, we have to set up rules to regulate the matters here. I've decided to set up the Housekeeping Division, which will purely be in charge of the internal matters of the Lord's Manor."

Ouyang Shuo's point naturally garnered the agreement of everyone. As the organization structure of Shanhai City matured, the internal affairs of the Lord's Manor didn't seem structured. Yingyu had brought up this point to Ouyang Shuo before.

Ouyang Shuo looked at Song Jia and laughed, “The Housekeeping Division is its own organization and focuses purely on the Lord's Manor and nothing else. As for the position of secretary, are you okay with it?"

Song Jia blushed, as she heard the hidden meaning in his words. Him asking her to be the Housekeeping Secretary was similar to accepting her as the female owner of the Lord's Manor.

Actually, these matters were all hidden and kept quiet, but now Ouyang Shuo had placed it in the open. Obviously, it made her feel embarrassed.

"Okay!" Song Jia didn't hesitate much and agreed.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. He admired this the part of Song Jia. Once she regarded Ouyang Shuo as her husband, she wasn't afraid of others gossiping, “Apart from the Secretary, there will be a manager and two assistants. The manager shall be Zisu, while Siqin and Siqi will be the assistants.”

"Thank you, my lord!" Zisu and the other two kneel

ed and thanked Ouyang Shuo.

As she had just established the Dongli Sword Sect, Song Jia didn't have much time to bother with the Lord's Manor duties. Hence, the manager actually did most of the work. Zisu felt very emotional and thankful to receive such an important role.

It was unknown how Banxia felt, as she stood behind Song Jia and watched her few sisters gain such important roles. If she didn't choose to practice martial arts, she would also have a place in the Housekeeping Division.

"My lord, there's still a week till the mid-autumn festival. Do you have anything in mind?" asked Zisu, as she made use of this chance.

Ouyang Shuo froze, he didn't expect it to be mid-autumn so quickly. As a traditional Chinese festival, it was very important. It was a time when you reunited with your family.

"I don't have any requests, just do so as usual," Suddenly, Ouyang Shuo felt a little downhearted.

"Yes, my lord!" Zisu nodded.

"Disperse!" Everyone went off to do their own things, while Ouyang Shuo returned to his room.

Ouyang Shuo sat cross legged on the bed and took out the cooling bead. He placed it in his palm and closed his eyes. Then, he started to cultivate. He activated the internal strength in his meridians and rotated them in accordance with the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique. He started to slowly rotate it.

Right at that moment, cooling jets of air spread out from the palm of his hand. It spread into his meridians. After the stimulation of the cold air from the bead, the golden internal strength seemed to rotate a lot faster.

Furthermore, the calming effect of the cold air seemed to pacify the devil bloodline. It didn't affect his rotations any longer.

A full two months had passed since he had cultivated the technique to the 3rd layer. The upper limit of the 3rd layer was 5 thousand points, five times that of the 2nd layer.

During this time, Ouyang Shuo had diligently read the Buddhist scriptures. As such, cultivation had become much easier for him. The scriptures helped and made the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique clearer to him. It allowed him to gain a deeper understanding of it.

When he started cultivating this technique, he had totally relied on the cultivation knowledge that Gaia had placed in his head. He learned based on filling the blanks.

As he gained more knowledge in regards to Taoism, he tried to look at the cultivation technique in a new way. Slowly, he gained his own understandings, which made cultivation different.

In his dantian, the strands of internal strength had coiled up together, and they flowed everywhere like a haze. It looked very illusionary.

Till date, Ouyang Shuo could rotate for seven cycles. Each cycle would give him 8 points of internal strength. After he gained the cooling bead, his cultivation became quicker. The bead allowed him to rotate nine cycles.

Hence, Ouyang Shuo could gain 72 internal strength points a day. With this speed, he could soon train the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique to the 4th layer.

From this, one could see the importance of the cultivation path. External tools to help cultivation were also important. One small little cooling bead could help him a lot.

Unfortunately, one could only chance upon such a treasure.

Early in the morning, Ouyang Shuo started to practice.

To not affect the sleep of Bing'er, Ouyang Shuo changed his practice area to an empty area in the backyard garden. To help in his Bajiquan practice, he also placed some dummies there.

Ever since Song Jia had come, two people would practice in the back garden.

Song Jia was a princess in real life, but there was a deep motivation and viciousness in her bones. Her motivation to practice was not less than someone like Ouyang Shuo.

The back garden in the early morning was a place filled with birds and the scent of flowers. When one stepped on the ground, the fresh smell of the grass and flowers would fill one’s nose. One had to say, Gaia was amazing, this virtual environment was the same as real life.

The two of them greeted each other and walked beside one another. Then, they started their practice.

As he started to get deeper into the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique, the internal strength brought out an external strength. His body quality improved day after day, be it boxing or spearmanship, they all grew better and better.

Ouyang Shuo's fast learning ability started to show in his training.

Be it Bajiquan or the Yang Family spearmanship, they all improved at a tremendous speed. His Bajiquan had already reached the ‘Perform with ease’ level, and the Yang Family spearmanship had reached the ‘Become proficient’ level.

Ouyang Shuo's current strength was comparable to Lin Yi’s.

The only regret would be that he hadn't found a suitable spear. The elite iron spear in his hand felt light. He felt like he couldn't exert any power with it.

Especially the normal wooden pole. It lacked any complicated crafting processes that could allow it to handle Ouyang Shuo's rotation of his internal strength.

If he imbued his internal strength into the spear, there would be an obvious buzzing noise. Then, the wood patterns and structure of the pole would break.

Helplessly, Ouyang Shuo could only give up on using his internal strength on the spear for now, as he couldn't change a spear every time he trained.

Although Shanhai City was prosperous, it couldn't afford such an expenditure.

After he finished his training, Ouyang Shuo was sweaty, and his shirt was soaked. He took a towel by the wooden rack and wiped off the sweat on his face.

On the other side, Song Jia was still practicing her sword. She was getting better and better with the Yuenu sword technique.

A breeze blew past, which blew a small leaf up. Then, it drifted in the air, just nice hitting the sword in Song Jia's hand.

The exquisite iron sword seemed to have merged with the air itself; it did not face any restrictions, as it moved through the air. He looked at the leaf again. Her sword had already cut the leaf into two like it was originally two pieces. Upon closer infection, the cut was covered in frost, which was an effect of the Nine Yin Scripture.

Both males and females could cultivate this technique, but different sexes would result in different results. Song Jia's internal strength had an ice effect. If she trained it to its extreme, the ice could imbue itself into one's heart and bones.

Compared to the iron spear, the iron sword in her hand could handle much more internal strength. Hence, Song Jia could use it without thinking.

“Pa pa pa!” Ouyang Shuo clapped in awe, “Good sword skill!"

Song Jia kept her sword and laughed, “How is it? I'm good, right?"

"Sect Leader Song's sword technique is too good. I'm envious." Ouyang Shuo didn't hold back with his compliments.

Song Jia was like a proud peacock. She giggled as she sheathed her sword. After she nodded at Ouyang Shuo, she turned around with style and the aura of a heroine.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head in amusement. He picked up his spear and returned to the back courtyard. Zisu had ordered someone to prepare cold water for Ouyang Shuo to bathe and wash up.



* * *





Chapter 239




Chapter 239-

Chapter 239- Digging the Cornerstone

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

Gaia, first year, 9th month, 27th day, morning . Ouyang Shuo brought four Guards out of the city .

His destination was the Military Factory built in the stone caves in the western suburbs .

The Military Affairs Department was in charge of this . Three months had passed since they built this factory . It managed the production of military grain pills, military tents, and scaling ladders .

When one passed the city west gate, one would see masons working on the official path not far from the gate . The starting point of Tianhai Road wasn't the current city west gate, but the city west gate of the planned third city wall .

Although the official road wasn't like the inner city ones made from green stone, it still wasn't easy to build . Many wild grasses grew in the wilderness . The masons had to first remove these grasses and their roots from the soil, this measure prevented them from growing again .

The dirt road was made up of three main ingredients: limestone, dirt, and sand . They had to press the composite dirt to prevent growth of wild grasses and to prevent the road from becoming muddy during the rain .

The designer of Tianhai Road, Hui Tuban, specifically designed a ‘Roller’ that they had horses pull . He let the blacksmith shop produce a circular iron tube and used eight horses to pull it, which greatly reduced the manpower required .

As the official road was an important function to help military movement and transportation of resources, they couldn't make the road too narrow . They made it 20 meters wide, and it also had a good drainage system .

At the sides of the road, they also planted many trees .

Apart from that, along the way, there would be some streams from Friendship River as well as some hills . They needed to build bridges and also split mountains to open paths . The difficulty was nothing the inner city project could compare to .

Lastly, there was the important relay system, which included the relay path and the relay station .

The relay station could allow officials to stay overnight, they were a day away and 30 kilometers apart . Between the relays, there would also be simple shops to provide food and rest . Normally, there would be one shop every five kilometres .

After he exited the city, Ouyang Shuo took a left . After just 10 kilometres, he came to the rock cave where the Military Factory was located in . The cave entrance was a large steel door . Unless there was an emergency, it would remain closed . At the side was a small door that people could pass through, and it acted as the usual pathway .

In front of the cave was a restricted area warning sign, and a squad of soldiers stood guard next to it .

When he saw the level of secrecy and importance placed on this area, Ouyang Shuo nodded his head in agreement .

After he dismounted from his horse, Ouyang Shuo passed the reins to a guard and walked toward the big gate alone .

When the soldier on duty saw him, he bowed and said, “My lord!" Then, he rushed to steel gate; he wanted to open it up .

Ouyang Shuo waved him off, “There's no need . I'll just go in from the small door . "

The soldier had a look of difficulty, “My lord . . . this . . . . "

"Don't say anything more! I've come here without notice, so I don't want to disturb you guys . "

"Yes, my lord!" The soldier didn't want to debate with him and respectfully opened the small door .

The inside of the cave wasn't as dark as he had expected . Pieces of white stone on the sides and the ceiling of the cave gave out a gentle white light .

Upon closer inspection, these actually weren't man made lights . Instead, they naturally occurred .

Ouyang Shuo knew that these small rocks were a type of fluorite, natural sources of light .

As he raised his head, he saw that the cave was over 10 meters high and 150 meters wide . The area in front of him was limitless . Such a cave wouldn't cause one to feel locked up and restricted .

Ouyang Shuo's arrival shocked the manager of the factory, a middle-aged man who looked very steady and calm . When he received the news, he rushed over, “My lord, welcome! Sorry I didn't welcome you better!"

Ouyang Shuo waved him off, “I came here without telling anyone . Just show me around!"

"Yes, my lord!" The manager nodded, as he led the way before Ouyang Shou, “The Military Factory is split into three regions, which mainly focus on the production of different resources . " He pointed at the nearest region and said, “The most outer region is the one that makes the scaling ladders . "

Ouyang Shuo looked toward the direction he pointed in, only to see a 10 meter path in the middle; a wooden wall boxed up the sides .

On top of the 4 meter high wooden wall, one could see set after set of scaling ladders piled up .

"How's the building progress of the scaling ladders?" Ouyang Shuo asked .

"My lord, based on the speed, we can build one everyday . "

Ouyang Shuo nodded . After the scaling ladder region was the military tent region . Everyday, they could make 20 tents . Finally, it was the military grain pill region .

The ingredients for it the pills were just grain, some other secondary food products, and some seasoning . However, the process was very troublesome . On average, every pill used up three to four units of grain .

The efficiency of the military grain pill workers was quite high, and they made one thousand odd pills a day .

There was a little river stream behind the military grain pill region, and the workers' living quarters were around it .

After the tour, Ouyang Shuo left the stone cave .

When he returned, Ouyang Shuo used the trading platform to contact Cui Shouren from the Cui Chamber of Commerce .

The Dali Court gave Ouyang Shuo his marquis rank . The authorities recognized his title, which made it effective on all residents . Hence, the attitude of the Cui Chamber of Commerce had undergone a huge change .

They were only a business family, so their societal status wasn't high . To a noble like Ouyang Shuo, they naturally need to give him enough respect .

Of course, when it came to business, they would still act normally .

"Marquis!" Cui Shouren greeted first . After Ouyang Shuo instructed them, the Cui Chamber of Commerce had gathered up a bunch of grain . Purely on this point, Cui Shouren didn't dare to show any arrogance or superiority .

Ouyang Shuo nodded, “Brother Shouren, I have something to ask of the Chamber of Commerce . "

"Please speak!" Merchants hated owing favours, and the Cui Chamber of Commerce owed Ouyang Shuo a big one . They were worried about how they should return it . Since Ouyang Shuo had a request, Cui Shouren was naturally delighted .

"Your Chamber of Commerce has such a good reputation in Dali . Can you help Shanhai Coty recruit a batch of talents?"

Ouyang Shuo shifted his sight onto the Cui Chamber of Commerce . Compared to the Snow-War Rose Mercenary group that only influenced player groups, the Cui Chamber of Commerce had a huge influence on NPCs .

Cui Shouren was surprised, “Can you be more specific?"

"I need many talents . Unfortunately, I haven't been able to find a solution . There should definitely be many talented people with nowhere to display their capabilities in Dali City . This would include officials that are unable to be greatly used, generals that are unhappy, or some artisans . Shanhai City wants to recruit all these people," Ouyang Shuo explained his thinking, “Although Shanhai City is far away, we can give them a platform to show their talents . The salary we provide also won't be lower than the imperial city . "

Ouyang Shuo had confidence . Not only because of his nobility, but also because of the effect his reputation level [Patriot] would have on NPCs, especially in Dali City .

Cui Shouren understood Ouyang Shuo's meaning . If they purely relied on the Cui Chamber of Commerce or his nobility, this plan might be hard to realize . But with both, it would be highly persuasive, and it would catch the interests of many people .

Dali had such a huge talent pool . Even if only a few leaked out, it would be enough for Shanhai City to use for a very long time . This act of digging a piece of a cornerstone was a very smart idea .

"Since it's your wishes, the Cui Family will try our best to help," Cui Shouren directly agreed .

Ouyang Shuo nodded, “To put them at peace and show our sincerity, I‘m willing to give every talent a family settling down sum . As for the actual amount, I'll hand it over to the Chamber of Commerce to settle?" Based on Ouyang Shuo's thoughts, they probably wouldn't have earned too much if they were having a hard time .

"Marquis had thought over things thoroughly . " Cui Shouren nodded in agreement, “Don't worry, we will treat this matter seriously . I won't let you down!"

"Thank you, sorry for the bother!" Ouyang Shuo said .

"No worries!"

Cui Shouren kept his promise . After their conversation, he immediately went to see the family head .

After listening to his report, the Cui Family head remained silent for a while . Then, he said, “The Lianzhou Lord has a long term goal, and he has planned it out very well . He has a desire for talents . Such vision and ambition, we can't miss this chance . Keep the promise!"

"Yes!"

"I allow you to use our family strength to recruit talents for the Lianzhou Lord . Apart from that, if our Cui Family disciples and children desire it, recommend them to him . At the right time, the Cui Chamber of Commerce can also consider setting up a branch in Shanhai City . "

These words left Cui Shouren astonished, as he had never expected the family head would place so much importance on this matter . He had faith in the foresight of the family head and said,"Yes!"

After Cui Shouren left, the Family Head sat in the hall and muttered, “The Cui Family will restore its honor . At least, I didn't let down our ancestors . "

Once the power of the Cui Chamber of Commerce started its work, it was actually quite scary .

On the Dali City roads and streets, Cui Family members swarmed out and brought letters and specially prepared gifts to every door to greet those students, officials, and generals .

These sudden visitors shocked some, while others liked it . Some of them treated these visitors calmly, and others rejected them at the door . There were many different reactions . The cooperation between the Lianzhou Lord and Cui Chamber of Commerce had a great effect . A large portion of them said that they would consider it before they gave the Cui Family a definite answer .

As for the artisans, they Cui Family easily recruited them . The main ones were the blacksmiths, tailors, and carpenter .



* * *





Chapter 240




Chapter 240-

Chapter 240- Becoming Famous

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

Gaia first year, 10th month, 1st day, Dongli Sword Sect base .

Lone Peak, Cloud Platform .

The originally empty cloud platform now had many courtyards . It had patios and pavilions; it looked very majestic . West of the cloud platform was a one thousand mu medicine garden known as 100 grass garden . It exuded the unique scents of medicinal plants .

A little stream split the cloud platform . There was an arch bridge above stream . Under the cover of the rainbow, it gave off a different aura and was very mystical .

Far away, at the bottom of the waterfall, beside the lake, was a wooden like hut, mixing in with the lake and the old tree, that was the sect leader's secret room .

The sect leader’s secret room . One could only enter if invited, the safest room in the complex .

There was a green stone tiled square at the front of the cloud platform . 800 nominal disciples wore the same sect uniform and neatly lined up .

Song Jia wore a sky blue robe and stood before all the disciples . Behind her were her two core disciples, Banxia and Cui Tianqi . One held a sword, while the other held a book .

The sword was the Qingfeng Sword that Ouyang Shuo had given her; the book was the Taoist scripture that Song Jia would read .

Song Jia had a solemn expression, as she was dealing with the system interface . A system notification sounded in her ear .

"System Notification: Congratulations player Jiaqi Rumeng for applying to create a sect, automatically checking if she has met the requirements . . . "

"Requirement 1: Sect funds not less than 200 gold, requirement met!"

"Requirement 2: must have more than 500 disciples, requirement met!"

"Requirement 3: Cultivation Technique must at least be emperor rank, meets requirements!"

"Requirement 4: has its own sect base, requirement met!"

"System Notification: Congratulations player Jiaqi Rumeng for fulfilling all the requirements . Player is allowed to create a sect . Please name your sect!"

"Dongli Sword Sect!" Song Jia said without hesitation .

In the sect leader secret room, a stone steele slowly rose up from the ground—the sect stone steele .

If this steele was destroyed and 80% of the disciples were killed, the sect would be destroyed .

"System Notification: Congratulations player Jiaqi Ru Meng for building the martial arts sect, Dongli Sword Sect . Player is rewarded five thousand reputation points . As the sect is within Shanhai City, Shanhai City has obtained the title ‘Home of Martial Arts . ’"

As the system notification sounded out, Song Jia instantly became famous in the China region . She didn't need to live in Ouyang Shuo's shadow . Now, she had a bright path in front of her .

Song Wen directly congratulated in the country channel, “Good job Sister!"

Ouyang Shuo didn't lag behind, “Congratulations, Sect Leader Song . "

The world was in an uproar . His influence and words had made many player groups very interested in Dongli Sword Sect and Song Jia .

Players who thought about it would have noticed something . Since Jiaqi Rumeng was Song Wen's sister, why didn’t she set up her sect in Song Wen’s Tianshang Town? Instead, she set it up in Qiyue Wuyi's Shanhai City .

Gossip! Sky breaking gossip!

The country channel burst into activity as players started to throw out conjectures .

"Qiyue Wuyi vs . Jiaqi Rumeng, big reveal, are they friends, a couple or . . . "

"They are definitely a couple . Don't tell me there is actually such a pure friendship?"

"Couple +1!!"

"Aiyo, another dream has been broken~~"

"[Brother Wuyi Fanclub] demands a battle!!"

"Little sister above, don't forget that Jiaqi Rumeng is the sect leader of a sect . She has many little boys . . . "

"Wuwu~~"

"This little girl is crying . Nearby brothers, please help her!!"

"Is Dongli Sword Sect accepting disciples?"

……

At this point, Song Jia had dispersed her disciples . She held the Qingfeng Sword in hand and walked toward Ouyang Shuo, “Blockhead, tell me the truth . What's Brother Wuyi Fanclub?"

When he saw this beauty emit such a killing aura, he had to give a serious answer . However, he was giggling inside . As a man, having so many girls idolize him felt good," Jia Jia, I swear I really don't know . "

"Hmph!" Her man being so capable was originally something to be happy about . However, Song Jia didn't find it so in this a case . It wasn't easy for her to become famous, but this stupid blockhead had stolen half of her fame .

It was also very busy in the alliance channel . Be in Sun Xiaoyue or Song Jia, they were all added in to make it convenient for everyone to communicate .

"Sister-in-law is so amazing!" Gong Chengshi was playing around again . Every since he saw Ouyang Shuo and Song Jia acting intimately during the Battle of Muye, he would tease them and bring it up .

The others all sent their congratulations . After she created the Dongli Sword Sect, Song Jia finally had the ability to stand on the same level as Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang . She no longer felt so pitiful and lowly .

Ouyang Shuo took the chance to take a look at the stats of the new title .

[Home of Martial Arts]: Raise body quality of residents by 20%

Ouyang Shuo nodded, it was as he had expected . Although they had the same title, Ouyang Shuo guessed that the buff of the Swordsman City would be stronger . After all, they were the first territory to set up a sect .

After building the sect, there were many things that she needed to do . Before she settled all this, most of her time would be spent in the sect . As a result, she would have less time together with Ouyang Shuo, which made him feel a little melancholy .

After congratulating her, Ouyang Shuo didn't stay for any longer and went down the mountain .

After he went down, he didn't choose to return to the main camp . At the foot of a mountain, a squadron of Guards awaited him . Ouyang Shuo planned to make a trip to Yishui Town and Gushan Town .

Ever since he conquered them, a month had passed . As the lord, Ouyang Shuo hadn't even visited once, which was somewhat a neglection of his duty .

Yishui Town was built at the side of Qiushui river . After the residents of Gushan Town moved here, the population of the town had passed 10 thousand .

After Ouyang Shuo reached Yishui Town, he officially renamed it Yishui City . As for the position of city magistrate, he wasn't in a rush to appoint one . He temporarily allowed the current head to take charge of daily duties .

The merger of Yishui Town and Gushan Town was also a merger of administrative personnel, which made the political structure well filled .

The current head of Yishui Town was a normal official in the past, so how would Ouyang Shuo be at ease if he let this person be in charge? If it was before, he might have taken someone from the main city and given him an opportunity .

But now, Cui Chamber of Commerce had sent the news that recruiting had been going well . It wouldn't be long before they could send a batch of people to Shanhai City .

Based on Ouyang Shuo's plan, he naturally wanted to choose an official from this batch of people to take up the position of city magistrate . These plans included Yongye Town and Guangshui Town in the west .

As the castle on the east side, Yishui Town held the responsibility of monitoring the player territories on the east side, so he naturally couldn’t forsake its defence . After both towns merged, Yishui City followed the standard rules and built a city protection unit .

Ouyang Shuo's arrival, apart from just taking a look, was to check the training of the city protection unit . What he saw made him displeased . The soldiers were rookies that remained from both towns . Even when they included their affiliate territories, they only barely managed to form a unit .

To raise their combat power, Ouyang Shuo chose 10 elite soldiers from the Guards squadron to join the Yishui City city protection unit . These 10 elites would act as lieutenants and majors . As for the original ones, Ouyang Shuo demoted them to sergeant .

He gave them a goal—eradicate the raider camps and raise their combat power .

Apart from the city protection unit, he couldn’t overlook the city protection facilities either .

Compared to Tianfeng City, Yishui City's city wall was really bad; it was just a mud wall .

After Ouyang Shuo saw it, he decided it was necessary to start a city wall building project .

Based on his long term plan, the future Yishui City would be a second grade city . Hence, its walls must follow the standards of a city and be 5 kilometers long .

After he made these changes to Yishui City, Ouyang Shuo spent the night there .

The next morning, Ouyang Shuo left and brought the Guards . They rushed to Gushan Town, which was a little further away . There were a bunch of mountain barbarian tribe leaders waiting for him .

After he destroyed the mountain bandits in Er'Shi Ridge, Shanhai City's reputation and position in the hearts of the mountain barbarians had soared to new heights . Especially the resources he had left them, which had helped to solve many of their problems .

After the mountain tribes took the resources, they burned the mountain stronghold down . From this, one could see how deep their hatred for the mountain bandits ran .

Mountain barbarians were a race that clearly differentiated friend from foe . They would hate those who bullied them, while they would forever remember those who helped them .

With the previous example of mountain barbarian soldiers joining the military and the example of the Qiushui City mountain barbarian settlement, Tian Wenjing easily convinced a large scale tribe, three medium sized tribes, and seven small sized tribes to move down the mountain . These were pretty much all the tribes in this region .

These eleven tribes will all settle down in Gushan Town; they would form a small, self-ruled community .

Based on Ouyang Shuo's promise, apart Four Seas Bank branch, the officials in Gushan Town would all be mountain barbarians . The only thing that Shanhai a City interfered in would be the building of the city defence unit .



* * *





Chapter 241




Chapter 241- Violence



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora



When Ouyang Shuo and his group reached Gushan Town, it was already 3 PM.

With the large-sized tribe leader Lei Fan at the lead, all the leaders of the tribes welcomed Ouyang Shuo. The tribal alliance had chosen Lei Fan as the head of Gushan Town.

The short interaction let Ouyang Shuo see that Lei Fan was special.

Based on what he knew, Lei Fan became the leader of his tribe at 24 years of age. 10 years had past, and his reputation and prestige were very high in the tribe. Not only that, even the other tribes all respected Lei Fan.

Compared to the conservative spirit of Shi Xiong from the Xuanniao Tribe, Lei Fan was much brighter and had better foresight. His tribe had headed down the mountains as a result of his planning.

He realized that if the mountain barbarians wanted a better life, their best choice would be to mix with the humans.

When Tian Wenjing visited his tribe, the two of them immediately grew close.

After some simple greetings, Ouyang Shuo renamed Gushan Town as Gushan County. Then, he appointed Lei Fan as the county magistrate with the authority to appoint his underlings.

The same night, Ouyang Shuo met Lei Fan alone and the two of them had a deep conversation.

Ouyang Shuo promised that the main camp would provide a batch of grain for Gushan County. The duty of Gushan County would be to build a wall to increase the defences and reclaim farmland in preparation for the spring planting season.

As the population of Gushan County broke 30 thousand, and was still about a year until the first rice harvest, they would probably need around 10 million units of grain.

Obviously, the main camp could not provide for such a huge demand for grain. Ouyang Shuo suggested that they borrowed from the Material Reserves Department. After the first harvest of the next year, they could repay the department.

Apart from that, Lei Fan's most important task was to continue to promote Shanhai County's mountain barbarian plan. He needed to contact more tribes and get them to come down to Gushan County.

They had practically swept up all the south side mountain barbarians.

To contact the mountain barbarians, they either had to venture deep into the forest or head north. Either way, Lei Fan would play a bigger part than the Xuanniao Tribe. As the leader of a large-sized tribe, he still remained in contact with the other large tribes. So, he was undoubtedly the most effective choice.

In truth, as the tribes started to rebuild and reorganize Gushan County, the position and importance of Xuanniao Tribe began to drop. They could only help out in the Langshan Minefields.

As for contacting the other tribes, the Xuanniao Tribe was only a medium-sized tribe, so they had limited power and connections. They were already unable to help Tian Wenjing much.

As for the other small and medium-sized tribes that didn't agree to descend the mountains, Ouyang Shuo decided to not care about them and let them destroy themselves.

The next day, Ouyang Shuo led his troops and left; they returned to Shanhai County on the same night. Ouyang Shuo rushed back because of the mid-autumn festival, which he couldn't miss.

Gaia first year, 10th month, 4th day, 8th month, 15th day of the lunar calendar, mid-autumn festival.

Xinan University, Fallen Star Island.

Only a few stars shone in the night sky; it was dead quiet. Jiang Shang sat alone on a rock and looked at the moon, as he contemplated many things.

The one he longed for had passed on, and only the moon remained unchanged.

"The Lord's Manor sent these mooncakes." The servant held a box of exquisite mooncakes.

"En." Jiang Shang's expression changed slightly. Then, he turned expressionless and motionless once again.

The young servant didn't want to disturb him, so he placed the mooncake at the side and quietly left.

After the servant left, Jiang Shang picked up a piece of mooncake and muttered, “You still haven't given up?"

The moon didn't make a sound, nor did the man as the night breeze blew by.

Lord's Manor, back garden.

After the feast, Ouyang Shuo invited everyone to the back garden to admire the moon.

The cool autumn breeze brought with it the scent of flowers. Bing'er held a bunch of Osmanthus Flowers in her hand and ran to Zisu, “Sister Zisu, I want to eat Osmanthus cake!"

Zisu nodded and laughed, “Ok, tomorrow, I'll ask Auntie Wang to make some for you."

Ouyang Shuo looked at them in amusement; it had been a long time since he felt so relaxed.

Recently, the duties of the territory had made him so busy. Many changes had occurred inside and out.

Sha Pojun's probing attack had ended in failure, and Ouyang Shuo had forced him back. Weirdly, when Sha Pojun went back, there was no news about him. It was like he was a rock that fell into the ocean.

After that probe, Di Chen and the others became more careful. If one said that these people had given up on their schemes toward Shanhai County, Ouyang Shuo wouldn't believe it. The storms in the future would grow more mysterious and vicious.

As for the territorial matters, Ouyang Shuo slowly felt like he had overworked himself. He planned everything for Shanhai County and also had to pay attention to the alliance, which made him exhausted.

As the affiliate territories increased, Ouyang Shuo needed a talent that could help him control the big picture. Jiang Shang, who was on Fallen Star Island, was such one person, unfortunately....

"Brother, eat the mooncake." Bing'er took a mooncake and passed it to Ouyang Shuo.

"Good Bing'er!" Ouyang Shuo took it and smiled. All his thoughts and problems instantly flew to the back of his mind.

"Blockhead, these few days, I've received some letters from my old classmates," Song Jia suddenly said.

"Old classmates? How did they find out your ID?"

"Most of them are high school friends. I suspect that Yuanping revealed it. Before the migration, he had pulled many of them to live in his territory."

Ouyang Shuo nodded; it was as he had expected, “They want to join Dongli Sword Sect?"

"That's right, what do you think?" Song Jia would seek his opinion for this kind of important matter.

"We welcome them, but remember to keep a lookout." Ouyang Shuo would rather be safe than sorry.

"En." Song Jia naturally knew what to do.

After the mid-autumn festival, the grain crisis exploded. Grain prices rose up to 30 copper per unit.

Lord players had to spend all their money and live on the edge, while the merchants made a lot of gold.

The end of the 10th month would be the second harvesting season. Obviously, everyone clearly knew that grain prices would fall after that.

The 10th month was going to be the hardest month for lord gamemode players.

Many territories were already forced to the edge. They had spent their resources and those that could be sold were sold. They had no choice. Helplessly, they started to sell equipment to adventure mode players to gain gold to buy grain.

Compared to lord gamemode players, adventure gamemode players weren't affected. They weren't like lords who had to care about residents; they only needed to care about themselves.

As they had no choice, some lord's started to raise the taxes. Not only that, they sold the grain they bought at high prices to the residents.

Shanhai County, the price of grain at the grain shop remained at 11 copper.

The high prices affected these lords because they needed to lower the grain prices in the territory. If it rose along with the market, it would result in a huge blow to residents, and it could easily cause riots. The farmers naturally wouldn't sell the excess grain so easily to the territory. Instead, they would accumulate them.

Hence, these lords had no choice but to use their own money to make up for the difference in prices.

Ouyang Shuo’s allies also faced the same problem.

At the end of the 9th month, Ouyang Shuo had to further invest in the Four Seas Bank to save his allies.

Mulan County and Black Lion County were still okay, as they had just upgraded. They could barely make it. As for Tianshuang Town, which was still at grade 3 Town, they still had sufficient funds as the branch of the bank was just built.

The ones that had it the hardest were Fallen Phoenix County and Xunlong County. They had to pay the loans from the bank every month. Now, they struggled thanks to the grain prices.

Wufu's Stone County also found it hard to get by. A Four Seas Bank branch wasn't built there, so it was rather remarkable for them to survive all by themselves.

After the mid-autumn festival, Wufu finally couldn't take it and asked Ouyang Shuo to save him.

Ouyang Shuo didn't hesitate. He sold the 60 million units of grain he had accumulated. After the 10% tax deduction, he obtained 161,000 gold.

In addition to his original funds, he now had 177,000 in his storage bag.

Ouyang Shuo immediately invested 40,000 in the main branch, and 2,000 in the five branches. Overall, he invested 50,000.

The one time investment of 40,000 gold made the main branch of Four Seas Bank start to have the grandeur of a central bank.

As the city continued to run the bank, the views of the people slowly changed. They started to learn how to save up.

Based on Yingyu's data, in the 9th month, the Four Seas Bank had a total of 9,000 gold in savings.

Based on Ouyang Shuo's plan, this was the last time he would inject money. From now on, Ouyang Shuo wouldn't bother with the Four Seas Bank. He would let its members and officials do their job.

Apart from that, the Four Seas Bank branch in Stone County had opened up. Ouyang Shuo gave them a starting amount of 5,000 gold.

After such actions, Ouyang Shuo still had 122,000 gold left.

Based on his plans, he would not touch 100,000 gold. He planned to spend these funds on the year end auction three months later.

Compared to the first system auction, the year end auction would be bigger and have more rare items. Naturally, he didn't want to miss it.

He had to make proper preparations to purchase what he wanted during the auction. If it wasn't for the grain crisis that used up a lot of the other territory's gold, Ouyang Shuo would have prepared more in case of uncertainties.



* * *





Chapter 242




Chapter 242: TWO Chapter 242 - Taking Down Zhennan Pass

Chapter 242 - Taking Down Zhennan Pass

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Gaia first year, 10th month, 8th day

The people the Cui Chamber of Commerce had recruited finally reached Shanhai County.

This batch of talents totalled at 1,200 people, including 1,000 blacksmiths, carpenters, and tailors.

For them and their family, Ouyang Shuo had to pay 5,000 gold in teleportation costs.

Based on Ouyang Shuo's instructions, the artisans were all sent to the military workshops in the eastern district. As for scholars and officials, they were sent to the various departments, most importantly to form the organizational structure of Tianfeng County and the other affiliate territories.

The military personnel were sent to the various regiments to take up the roles of majors or lieutenants.

Out of the talents, Ouyang Shuo paid a lot of attention to two people. One was the civil servant Cui Shoushi and the other was General Sun Chuan Lin. Cui Shoushi was the cousin of Yingyu and was a scholar. Out of the whole family, he was one of two scholars. Before this, he worked in the court of Dali Region.

His arrival surprised Yingyu.

She didn't expect that her family would make such a huge decision. The Cui family were merchants, hence they placed a lot of importance on their children's education, hoping they became scholars and officials to provide them with political cover.

Cui Shoushi was the most successful example from the Cui family education.

Ouyang Shuo could roughly guess what the Cui Family was thinking, and without hesitating made him the city magistrate of Yishui County.

Name: Cui Shoushi (Gold Rank)

Identity: Yishui County County Magistrate

Occupation: Civil Servant (Scholar)

Loyalty: 85

Command: 35

Force: 25

Intelligence: 50

Politics: 65

Specialty: Agriculture Persuasion (raise efficiency of agriculture industry growth by 20%)

Evaluation: Cui Family child, very knowledgeable, good foresight, good morals and hardworking.



Although Cui Shoushi was a gold rank talent, he only had one specialty; it seemed lacking. Luckily, his specialty was very compatible with Yishui Town, whose main goal was agriculture.

If one said that the Cui Family had planned for Cui Shoushi to come over, then Sun Chuan Lin was an unexpected surprise.

Name: Sun Chuan Lin (Gold Rank)

Identity: Shanhai County Resident

Occupation: Intermediate General

Loyalty: 80

Command: 60

Force: 65

Intelligence: 40

Politics: 25

Specialty: Projection (increase range of archers by 5%), Strong Shooting (Increase archer combat power by 10%)

Cultivation Method: Youji Archery Technique

Equipment: Luoyan Bow

Evaluation: He was a lieutenant in the army but was replaced by his disciple because he wasn't pleased by military rewards. He exposed the dirty behaviors and acts in the military and got his rewards, but in turn was treated coldly. As he was demoralized, he decided to quit.



The special thing about Sun Chuan Lin was that he was the only general who specialized in archery. This made him think of the territory bow and crossbow cavalry squadron when the territory was at its village stage.

Ouyang Shuo didn't hesitate and appointed him the colonel of the 5th regiment, and also the vice head of the city’s eastern camp in charge of building a bow and crossbow cavalry regiment.

With that, Shanhai County's 1st division was completed with 5 normal regiments and 1 Guards regiment, its total strength reaching 15 thousand people. It was in charge of guarding the 4 directions.

As the organization of the military got into place, Ouyang Shuo started to look to the north of the Lianzhou Basin.

After the Battle of Muye ended, Mulan Town had upgraded to a grade 1 city. One and a half months had passed, and Mulan County had reached the upper limit, successfully upgrading to a grade 2 city.

Mu Guiying felt that the time had come for them to take down Zhennan Pass.

Mulan County had just formed their city protection regiment, which included 2 sword-shield soldier units, 1 cavalry unit, and 2 archer units. With their strength, to take over the Zhennan Pass might not be enough, and it would probably result in heavy casualties.

Hence, they needed the help of Shanhai County.

If Ouyang Shuo sent all his troops, this was naturally a straightforward victory. The problem being that it was expensive to do so. With an army of 5000 as an example, the teleportation costs would run up to 10 thousand.

Ge Hongliang suggested to not teleport and directly go past the wild lands.

His suggestion also had many problems.

Firstly to launch a siege, the core would be infantry. They had slow movement speeds and even if they rushed, they needed to cross 400 kilometres of wild lands and would require over a week.

Apart from that, crossing the wildlands mean that they would definitely cross paths with tribes. As the wild lands was complicated, it was best not to disturb them at the moment.

Ouyang Shuo thought about it and decided that the best idea was to send an elite squad to help Mulan County. In the end, he decided to send the 2 trump card units: the 1st unit of the Guards regiment and the 1st unit of the 1st regiment of the 1st division. Apart from that, 5 sets of three-bow arcuballistas and 10 scaling ladders would be included.

As the military scale increased, war preparations couldn't be done quickly and took a long time.

The Feng bird of the Military Intelligence Division brought Ouyang Shuo's orders and flew to the city west camp. When they received the orders, they had to gather the troops and rush to the main camp, taking 2 days.

The city’s western camp was helping to destroy raider camps along the Tianhai Road construction area.

The money they gained would be given to the main camp and to Ouyang Shuo. To raise their motivation, Ouyang Shuo ruled that 10% of the gold will be given as rewards to the soldiers who participated.

The prisoners would either be sent to the Military Affairs Department and into the reserve force, or sent to Yongye Town or Guangshui Town to increase the population.

This batch of prisoners was pretty much also made to join the construction of Tianhai Road.

10th month, 11th day

Ouyang Shuo brought the 1000 elites, and the combat resources and teleported to Mulan County. As the scaling ladder was huge, even after dismantling it, Ouyang Shuo had to make several trips.

"Brother Wuyi, you are here!" Mu Lanyue waited for him at the teleportation formation.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and asked, "Are you all ready?"

"En, Sister Mu is waiting for you at the barracks." Mu Lanyue laughed.

"Lets go!"

In the barracks, the Mulan County city protection regiment had gathered up.

Before leaving, Mu Guiying called Ouyang Shuo and the others to the meeting hall to discuss.

Mu Guiying invited Ouyang Shuo to sit on the higher seat, but he refused. "General Mu, you are in charge of this battle. All my forces will listen to you." As he said this, he introduced Wang Feng and Shihu to her.

Mu Guiying had paid close attention to Zhennan Pass and had far more knowledge about it than Ouyang Shuo. She already had a well thought out plan on how to attack it.

Ouyang Shuo naturally wouldn't say too much as he was the guest.

Mu Guiying didn't refuse and said, "After a period of observation, we have found out much about Zhennan Pass. There are around 3,000 mountain bandits, and the leader is called Li Anbai. He was originally a swordsman, but he was schemed against and chased out of his sect, being forced to live in the wilderness and ending up a bandit. He has strong skills but also has a heart of righteousness. After conquering the pass, he told his men to not kill any innocent people.

"The problem was that he had internal injuries that didn't heal. Soon, he will be unable to control the men under him."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. No wonder Mu Guiying wanted to deal with them quickly. One could foresee that the moment he died, the one that would be badly affected would be Mulan County.

"Li Anbai has a daughter called Li Feixue. She's 28 years old and was given birth to after he became a bandit. He loved her and taught her everything he learned. This Miss Li, under her father's teachings, became very pure and righteous, not affected by the bandits. Because of that, Li Anbai is worried that once he dies, his daughter wouldn't be able to gain a footing in Zhennan Pass and even her purity would be taken away by those wolves."

Ouyang Shuo had never expected that there would be such a story.

"Because of that, Li Anbai had many sleepless nights. Coincidentally, a spy was spotted by him and he instead gained knowledge of Mulan County from the spy. After thinking about it, he was emotional and made the decision to give up Zhennan Pass to protect his daughter."

Ouyang Shuo was hit with a bolt of realization, no wonder she knew so much, even those secrets she was so clear about. What he didn't understand was that since Li Anbai was willing to give up Zhennan Pass, why would Mu Guiying need assistance from them?

"What was the change that occured?" Ouyang Shuo asked.

Mu Guiying sighed deeply. "Your guess is right, there was really something that happened. A few days ago, his plan was revealed and an uprising occurred in the pass. Although the bandits respected him, giving up the pass was something they couldn't accept. Added with some people fanning the flames, based on the last information by the spy, both of them were captured. The mountain bandits also spread word that they want to attack Mulan County as punishment."

Ouyang Shuo shook his head in amusement. "These bunch of mountain bandits are too arrogant, they should’ve just stayed in the pass; once they get out, how could they be a match for Mulan County? Such an impractical idea."



* * *





Chapter 243




Chapter 243: TWO Chapter 243 - Taking Down Zhennan Pass Part 2

Chapter 243 - Taking Down Zhennan Pass Part 2

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Mu Guiying nodded. "I also think that it's not practical."

When one didn't have good advisors, the detriments were already there to see.

Not only did they have to take over Zhennan Pass in this battle, but they also had to save the lives of Li Anbai and his daughter. After all, he already had the intention to surrender, which meant he was an ally, so they had to save him.

"General, what plan do you have?" Ouyang Shuo asked.

Mu Guiying confidently and resolutely said, "I don't have a plan; just attack."

Ouyang Shuo was shocked, he looked at Mu Guiying in awe and amazement. Since they had already riled up the enemy, they should just destroy them outright, as it was the righteous thing to do.

"Good!" Ouyang Shuo got up. "Let's stick to what the general has said. Lest there be changes as time passes, let's go!"

"Yes!" The many men echoed.

The big army rolled out of Mulan County and toward Zhennan Pass.

At 1 PM, without any attempts to hide, they arrived in front of Zhennan Pass.

The canyon was only 50 meters wide, so they could spread out their forces.

At the front of the formation, the 10 scaling ladders were put in place; closely behind were the 5 three-bow arcuballistas which were being aimed and zeroed.

The bottom of the scaling ladder had a base of wood with 6 wheels underneath; the main ladder was fixed to the base at a certain degree. At the sides, there was protection and was strengthened using leather. Soldiers could effectively defend against arrows while pushing the scaling ladder.

The main ladder was split into two parts, making use of a folding structure where the middle joined up the two parts with a shaft.

When sieging, as long as one placed the main ladder under the wall, and then make use of the secondary ladder, they could easily climb up the wall and reduce the danger and difficulty.

Additionally, as the scaling ladder was placed on the wall, soldiers could prevent the enemy from sabotage only when they were ready to climb.

Standing in front of the forces was the 1st Guards unit that Ouyang Shuo had brought. Their duty would be to made use of the step arrows that the arcuballistas shot along with the 2 sword-shield soldier units from Mulan County to take down the city wall.

Following closely behind the sword-shield soldier units were the two archer units, who were in charge of cover fire. Further behind was the heavy armored infantry. They were in charge of using the wooden ram to take down the city gates.

The wooden ram had a wheelbarrow attached such that it could be pushed forward. The wooden ram was covered with two layers of iron skin. Many shiny spikes were welded on it.

At the back of the force was the cavalry unit from the city protection regiment who acted as a reserve.

The huge army didn't bother about the mountain bandits on the Zhennan Pass, and slowly made their preparations for the war ahead.

Such a huge commotion naturally alerted and shocked the mountain bandits.

The mountain bandit leader who had successfully staged the coup had received the report and brought a bunch of people to the city wall. Upon seeing the huge army outside he muttered, "Who can tell me where in the world this army appeared from?"

The mountain bandits on his right and left looked at each other, but they all didn't know what to say.

"Leader, was, was it, was it the old head of the stronghold?"

One mountain bandit stammered as he said. Although Li Anbai was locked up, he still had high prestige in the mountain stronghold and was still regarded the head of the stronghold.

The leader froze and scolded, "There’s an 80% chance that it is that old fogey. He's going to die but still wants to go against me. I'll go and kill him now."

The mountain bandit beside him immediately stopped him and persuaded, "Leader, what's most important is to stop their advance. We can settle the old fogey at any time."

For him to be able to successfully stage the coup, he naturally wasn't stupid. He knew that killing Li Anbai at this time would not only not help the situation, but it would make those who liked him not listen to him.

The reason why he was so emotional was because of the sudden situation. It wasn't easy for him to become the leader, and he hadn't enjoyed it long before facing such a thing. As such, he felt frustrated.

After calming himself down, he started giving orders and organizing the defense. He ordered all the mountain bandits up the city wall to fend off the enemy invasion.

Zhennan Pass, which was an old ancient pass, not only did it have high city walls, but the city protection resources in its storage were also in sufficient amounts. They had large amounts of rolling wood and stone pieces, which was where the confidence from the leader came from.

After the mountain bandits went off to prepare, the mountain bandit called a confidant and ordered, "Dao Ba, quickly go down and find 20 dependable brothers, prepare horses and food. Take out the jewels from the storeroom and rush to the back gate and wait for my orders. If things go wrong, we leave immediately."

Dao Ba was shocked and asked, "Big brother, don't tell me we might not be able to defend the pass?"

The leader stared at him furiously. "What do you know! I took a brief look and they actually had scaling ladders and arcuballistas, they are obviously prepared. Whether we can defend or not is a mystery. This time, we must prepare for a way out."

"Big brother, I understand."

"Go quickly!" The mountain bandit leader waved him off.

After Dao Ba left, the leader regained his calm demeanour and stood on the city wall.

Just as he was planning their backup plan, a tune sounded out in the courtyard in which Li Anbai and his daughter were kept in.

A young mountain bandit was holding a food box and sneakily rushed to the courtyard.

Two of the leader's trusted men were guarding the courtyard outside. Upon seeing him, they warned, "What are you doing here? Don't you know that this is a restricted place?"

The young mountain bandit looked around and upon seeing that there was no one around, walked beside the guard and said softly, "Brother did you hear? The lord that the old stronghold head contacted has brought their troops to attack the pass."

The guard impatiently said, "Who doesn't know that? Speak the truth, what exactly are you doing here?"

The young bandit didn't get riled up and continued, "Hey, Brother don't you know that the leader is very angry and wants to rush here to kill the old head. Unfortunately, some brothers stopped him.. He didn't want to go against everyone so he agreed to let him off, but in truth he is still furious. Hence, he secretly arranged me to come here to send them on their way."

The young bandit pointed at the food box he was holding, not saying a thing but doing the hand signal for killing.

The guard was astonished, with his understanding of the leader, this was something that he definitely would do. He instantly believed it and nodded. "Since that's so, I'll follow you in."

"No, you definitely cannot." The young bandit immediately shook his head and said softly, "Think about it. Such a secretive thing, how can everyone see it? Both of you better just guard outside so people wouldn't suspect anything. If this is revealed, and the leader blames us, we will probably all be in big trouble."

Thinking of how the leader handled things, both Guards felt cold inside and said thankfully, "Brother has thought about it carefully, quickly go in!"

Under the thankful eyes of the Guards, the young mountain bandit entered the courtyard.

This courtyard was where Li Feixue lived and where the father and daughter were locked up. Li Anfei was really sick and struggled to get off the bed.

"Who?" The arrival of the young bandit was spotted by Li Feixue.

Her reaction was quick as she grabbed the treasure sword at the side and charged forward.

He walked into the room and upon seeing such a situation gave a bitter smile. "Miss don't be afraid. I'm a spy from Mulan County, and I've some important news."

Li Feixue was astonished. Her father had told her about the thing with Mulan County, and she also knew that there was a Mulan County spy in Zhennan Pass. It was only that she didn't know whether the person in front of her was trustworthy or not.

The young mountain bandit, upon seeing the doubts in her face, took out a token and passed it to her. "This is my identity token, you can check it."

Upon receiving it, the token looked very basic without any symbols. Only at one corner were 3 crooked lines.

Li Feixue calmed down and heaved a sigh of relief. She knew that he was a spy from Mulan County.

"Are there any changes outside?" Li Feixue thought about why he entered.

He didn't dare to waste time and said directly, "That's right, my lord and the Lianzhou lord has brought their troops to attack the pass."

Li Feixue was delighted and muttered, "That's great, my father no longer needs to suffer."

The young mountain bandit shook his head, as he wasn't as innocent as her. He said solemnly, "Missus doesn't know that the old stronghold head survived an incident. The leader wanted to kill him, but his men stopped him. I'm afraid that once the situation gets out of hand, he would use you two as hostages."

"Then what should we do?" Li Feixue was a young girl, so she didn't know what to do.

"Cough, cough." At that moment, Li Anbai woke up.

"Dad, you are awake!" Li Feixue was delighted and leaped toward the bed. She was on the verge of crying.

A leader of a generation opened up his hazy eyes and looked at his daughter with pity. He wanted to reach out, but he couldn't. He struggled to look toward the young mountain bandit and struggled out, "I've heard your words. I'm ashamed that I'm unable to fulfil my promise. Your lord is righteous and immediately sent people to save my daughter and I. For that, I'm grateful."

"Your words are too serious. As for how to escape, do you have an idea?" The young mountain bandit was so nervous and worried that the leader would take them as hostages. Hence, as a good spy, he had to take the risk to meet with them to try and solve this problem.



* * *





Chapter 244




Chapter 244: TWO Chapter 244 - Taking over Zhennan Pass Part 3

Chapter 244 - Taking over Zhennan Pass Part 3

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

A bright light shone in Li Anbai's cloudy eyes. As if he could see through the heart of the young mountain bandit, he said with his hoarse voice, "Young man don't worry, I've been staying here for 10 years and know everything about this place. There's a hidden room in this courtyard where we can hide."

The young mountain bandit felt as if his thoughts were all crystal clear in front of the old man, forcefully suppressing the awkwardness and laughing, "That's great, can you two move there now?"

"There's something I need to remind you about."

"Old stronghold head, please speak!" The young mountain bandit treated this very seriously.

"I'm very clear about the character and actions of the leader. He's a very smart and careful person. I'm very sure that he would definitely arrange a way out to escape. Zhennan Pass is within the canyon, and one could escape from the southwest. Once things go awry, he might actually just give up the pass and leave." No wonder people said that the one that knows you best is your enemy.

The young mountain bandit's face turned white. If the leader escaped, then he would have failed as a spy. "Thank you for your help!"

Li Anbai blinked as a form of reply. Him reminding the young mountain bandit also had a little bit of selfishness. If the leader escaped, it would be bad for his daughter.

After discussing everything, Li Anbai struggled and fiddled with the edge of the bed, only to hear a cracking sound and the walls suddenly splitting open, revealing a hidden room. It was 4-5 square meters wide and had a bed and a chair. Apart from that, there was nothing else, just a simple room.

As time was of the essence, he didn't dare to waste time and together with Li Feixue, carried Li Anbai onto the bed.

Although once the hidden room was closed one wouldn't be able to spot a difference, the young mountain bandit was still worried. He looked around and touched up the place before carrying the empty lunch box out of the courtyard.

Before leaving, he one again reminded the guards not to let anyone check and also not to leave their post in case others grew suspicious.

Now in his heart, he was pondering about how to stop the escape of the leader.

Outside Zhennan Pass, the bells of war had already sounded.

The first to attack were the 5 three-bow arcuballistas and the archer unit. Their rain of arrows drew an arc in the air as they headed for the city walls.

The arrows from the arcuballistas were fast, like that of a machine gun as they flew out from them one after another, taking away life after life.

As long as the mountain bandits dared to show their faces, they were mercilessly shot down.

"Cover! Cover!" The leader hid under a shield and hollered.

Hearing the order, the mountain bandit archers didn't dare to go against it and stuttered out of the cover of the shields and without aiming, fired out. The arrow rain was like the knife of the god of death, striking from above.

"Raise your shields!" The commander shouted.

"Shua," the men raised their shields and if one looked from above, it was like the ground had a layer of a shield.

Some unlucky souls didn't hold their shields properly and slipped to the left when the arrows hit, so the arrows mercilessly pierced them and claimed their lives.

Taking the chance that both sides were engaging, the 10 scaling ladders were slowly pushed towards the edge of the city wall. Hiding within the scaling ladder was the first unit of the Guards regime

nt.

At the same time, the arcuballistas changed targets and started to fire step arrows. The huge arrows penetrated the wall and formed a closely lined arrow forest.

The step arrows were a signal as the sword shield soldiers behind braved the arrow rain and started to advance towards the city wall.

The scaling arrow was stopped beside the wall and with a "pa" the stacked secondary ladder was raised and hooked onto the city wall.

The soldiers from the Guards unit started to walk out from the scaling ladder and climbed up. To raise the efficiency, they held the Tang Swords in their mouths and used both their hands to climb.

"Leader, they are climbing up the scaling ladder!" The mountain bandits panicked.

"I'm not blind, I can see that." The leader was furious. "Rush up and push the ladder away, kill them."

The hook on the scaling ladder was specially designed, and it was difficult to push away. The mountain bandits that rushed out weren't trained in the methods of pushing the scaling ladder, and upon seeing the bloodthirst of the soldiers climbing up, they were terrified.

"Throw rocks at them!" The leader realized his tactical mistake and immediately made adjustments.

"Yes!" The mountain bandits raised up stone rocks and threw them down.

Unfortunately, it was already too late.

The soldiers were already near to the top and the rocks only hit the ones in front. Those at the back quickly rushed up and made use of the opportunity to climb up.

The held the Tang Swords in their hands and stood on top of the ladder, fighting against the mountain bandits.

The soldiers in the Guards regiment were all very experienced. The first unit were the elites of the elites, each one being at least a rank 10 war elite soldier. Their killing ability were shocking.

10 scaling ladders, 10 killing spots.

Wang Feng led the way and got onto the city wall first.

He shook his spear and shouted, "I am Wang Feng, whoever isn't afraid to die step out!"

"Kill him!" The mountain bandit leader didn't personally step out.

"Kill!" There were many evil men amongst the mountain bandits. They weren't afraid of anything except people saying that they were afraid. Wang Feng's words infuriated them.

"He!" Wang Feng was unfazed. With a sweep, he cleared out a huge area in front of him.

During the battle at Er'Shi Ridge, Wang Feng's breakthrough increased his combat power. Be it sweeping or stabbing, he claimed life after life; no one could get close to him.

He was like an asura, defending the area close to the scaling ladder so no mountain bandit could get close. Taking the chance, the Guards regiment soldiers swiftly followed behind and climbed onto the wall.

Seeing their general show his skill, these bunch of battle crazy men waved their Tang Swords. Not bothering about the number of men, they directly charged forward.

The strength of the Guards regiment terrified the mountain bandits.

When one side was broken, every side was slowly broken.

The soldiers on the other ladders started to climb up and start fighting with the mountain bandits.

It seemed like they wouldn't be able to defend, so the leader pulled back the mountain bandits who were throwing rocks and told them to surround the soldiers.

What they didn't know that the sword-shield soldiers were waiting for the opportunity. Under the leadership of their lieutenants, they either climbed up the scaling ladder or the step arrows to assist their allies.

In a moment, Zhennan Pass became a slaughter, and blood flowed endlessly.

Seeing the sword-shield soldiers successfully climb up the wall, Mu Guiying ordered the heavy armored infantry of Shanhai County to breach the gates.

When Shihu received the order, he hollered, "Brothers, charge!"

"Charge!" The mountain barbarian soldiers raised their shields and pushed the wooden ram and charged towards the city gates.

"Hong!!" As the wooden ram smacked into the gate, an earth-shattering sound resounded which shook the pass.

"Hei!" The soldiers shouted out the signals, pulling the wooden ram back before ramming into the gate again.

Although the city wall was covered in iron, under the striking of the wooden ram, it started to creak and crack.

The mountain barbarians were famous for their strength, and the wooden ram they pushed produced a force of more than 5,000 kilograms.

"Dang!" The first city gate was finally broken.

The Zhennan Pass had 3 city gates. Once the outermost one was broken, there was still one in the middle. Luckily, now the soldiers had the cover of the hole and could charge with ease.

"Hey! Hey! Hey!" Shout after shout came out from the doorway, following by an earth-shattering blow, making one terrified.

The leader, upon hearing such sounds, frowned. He looked up only to see large amounts of troops had rushed up the wall, and although their numbers were half of theirs, they weren't at a disadvantage.

On the other hand, the mountain bandits were afraid and didn't look like they could hold on.

"Haiz!" The leader let out a long sigh and slowly retreated as per his retreat plan.

At this moment, the 2nd city gate was broken.

At this time, Shihu had two choices. One was to climb up the city wall through a path in the doorway and help the troops. Another was to continue to break through the 3rd city wall and block off their retreat path.

Shihu considered for a short time and thought of a plan. He sent someone to report the situation to the commander. Following which, he left a squadron to breach the last gate while he brought the rest up to the city wall.

Receiving his report, Mu Guiying frowned, not knowing how to choose.

Just at this moment, a signal bullet rose up from within the Zhennan Pass.

Mu Guiying was astonished. She knew this was the signal from the spy, which meant that it was an emergency.

She didn't hesitate, and apart from leaving a cavalry squadron in case, she sent the 4 remaining squadrons through the doorway to the back to cut off the retreat path.

Ouyang Shuo and Mu Lanyue stood at the side and didn't say a word; they trusted her.

The cavalry unit thought that they wouldn't have a part to play in this battle. When they received the order, their blood boiled and rushed out on their horses toward the city gates.

At this moment, the city gate was in a state of chaos, the mountain bandit archers couldn’t shoot outside peacefully and were embroiled in the chaotic battle on the wall. Hence, the cavalry were able to rush to the city gate smoothly.

In this period of time, the 3rd city gate was broken down.

The cavalry unit gave the mountain barbarian warriors a thumbs up as they went past the city gate and continued south to cut off the enemy.



* * *





Chapter 245




Chapter 245: TWO Chapter 245 - Summer Flowers

Chapter 245 - Summer Flowers

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

On the Zhennan Pass city gate tower, as Shi Hu arrived with the reinforcements, the tide of the battle had turned in their favor.

Wang Feng was freed up. He looked around and noticed that the commander of the bandits had disappeared. He shouted, “Your leader had cowardly fled, surrender yourselves!”

The bandits naturally had a weaker willpower than an ordinary military. Even before the casualties reached one-tenth, their morale had started to disappear. As Wang Feng shouted, his words became the last straw that broke the camel’s back.

The bandits turned and looked. Sure enough, their leader was long gone, and their will to resist immediately vanished.

The cowards surrendered instantly; the evildoers ran and fled.

“Chase after them!” Wang Feng gave his order to pursue the ones that fled.

“Understood!” the soldiers received the order, and they went on a pursuit.

From that moment onward, Zhennan Pass had turned into a city of chaos.

One have to say that the measures taken by Wang Feng were much like Ouyang Shuo’s.

In the midst of chaos, the bandit leader led over 20 of his trusted subordinates to try to find their way out. Even in such critical moments, the wicked leader still tried to snatch the little beauty Li Feixue along with him.

The bandit leader arrived at the courtyard. He saw the guards were still there and he was about to enter. The guards were puzzled. Didn’t the leader order the old-leader to be poisoned? Why is he still coming here?

The leader walked into the courtyard only to find it emptied. His voice was taut with anger and he shouted, “Where are they? Where have they gone?”

The guards felt this was odd, so one of them rushed in. His voice trembled, and he said, “Lea..Leader, there was a man not long ago, he came with your orders to poison the old-leader…. and he did not allow anyone to enter the courtyard.”

The bandit leader knew instantly he was caught in a trap. He lashed out at the guard in anger and scolded, “Idiots!” Time was ticking away, but there wasn’t anything he could do. His eyes were filled with hatred as he gave one last look at the courtyard. Then, he turned and ran.

Beauties were precious, but his life was more important.

Sadly, one couldn’t always get what he wanted.

Before the bandit leader and his followers even ran far enough, the cavalry unit had chased up to them.

The captain of the cavalry unit was excited when he saw them. He knew they were a bunch of running human prizes in front of him, so he shouted, “Take them down!”

“Understood!” the cavalry charged and surrounded them.

The bandit leader saw the cavalry. He sighed in helplessness and surrendered without putting up a fight.

By 3:30 PM, peace was once again restored to Zhennan Pass.

Ouyang Shuo kept his hands off the after-battle matters, such as the handling of resources and captives. Those were all handed to Mulan Yue and Mu Guiying. As he had stated earlier, Shanhai County was only here as a helper and nothing more. It would not participate in the distribution of loot.

Ouyang Shuo did not even plan to take back the scaling ladders and acruballistas. He intended to give them away to Mulan Yue. Five arcuballistas would be stationed in Zhennan Pass to improve its defensive capability.

According to Mu Guiying’s arrangement, a unit of soldiers would be stationed in Zhennan Pass during the early stages. The numbers weren’t big, but it was significant enough for Mula

n County.

The military of Shanhai County pulled out from Zhennan Pass under Ouyang Shuo’s order and gathered outside.

After counting, 50 soldiers from Guards regiment were gone forever in the battle, most of them died from the stones during the siege. Because the 1st regiment’s 1st unit did not participate in the intensive battle, only 5 soldiers were lost.

Ouyang Shuo ordered the soldiers to take good care of their fallen comrades, as their dead bodies would be brought back to Shanhai County’s cemetery to be buried.

“Brother Wuyi, let’s go in together!” Mulan Yue hopped toward Ouyang Shuo with a bright smile.

Ouyang Shuo was stunned, he did not plan to enter at all. In fact, he was ready to depart back to Shanhai County. He asked, “Yueyue, is there anything?” Do not underestimate Mulan Yue as a teenager, after over half a year of her journey as a lord, her mentality had matured. If she were to hold Ouyang Shuo back, there must be a reason behind it.

“Brother Wuyi, just come!” The inwardly evil little girl did not explain. Instead, she pulled on Ouyang Shuo’s sleeve and dragged him into Zhennan Pass. Ouyang Shuo could only smile bitterly and follow her.

Zhennan Pass, Council Chamber.

In the middle of the hall sat tens of boxes. The father and daughter, Li Anbai and Li Feixue were also there. Li Anbai’s face were pale, and he seemed like he was going to exhale his last breath at anytime. Tears rolled down Li Feixue’s cheeks, as she looked at her father.

Mulan Yue dragged Ouyang Shuo and sat him beside her in the council chamber.

Mu Guiying sat down. She cupped her fists and said, “Reporting to the lord, we have a total of 2,140 captured prisoners, and plundered a massive quantity of resources and weaponry. The most precious loot are these 12 boxes of treasures. I have roughly counted them. Among the 12, 2 boxes contain gold, 8 boxes contain silver, and 2 boxes have jewelry.”

The resources in Zhennan Pass were massive and abundant, ranging from basic needs such as foods and forages to the defensive materials like burning oils, stones and wood. They also had military goods like bows, swords, and armor.

Other than that, there were also a variety of jewelry, gold, and silver.

Some of these treasures had long existed in Zhennan Pass; others were brought along by Li Anbai after he occupied Zhennan Pass; the rest were plundered by the bandits from the caravans that passed by.

These treasures were the reason Mulan Yue had dragged Ouyang Shuo here, to discuss the distribution of the 12 boxes of treasures. In her heart, she was crystal clear that elite troops of Shanhai County were the foremost contributors in the battle taking down Zhennan Pass.

Although Ouyang Shuo declared long ago to give up the distribution of loot, Mulan Yue still couldn’t allow herself to swallow all of the loot. Mu Guiying also agreed with her in this matter.

Ouyang Shuo was astonished. The treasures in Zhennan Pass even surpassed those of the Er'Shi Ridge stronghold. Honestly speaking, if one said that he was not moved by the treasures at all, one would be lying. Even so, the treasures were only icing on the cake to Ouyang Shuo. On the other hand, it would mean baskets of charcoal in snowy weather to the Mulan County that was under rapid development.

“Brother Wuyi, the gold and jewelry will be yours to take, how is that?”

Her distribution plan looked exaggerated, but it was reasonably fair. The value of the resources she had plundered from Zhennan Pass was way greater than only 2 boxes of gold, especially the various weaponry.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head in determination. He fondly looked at Mulan Yue and said firmly, “Yueyue, there is no need for this. How about this, I will take 1 box of gold, and the rest belongs to you.”

Mulan Yue was about to voice something, but Ouyang Shuo raised his hands and stopped her words in her mouth, “This shall be it.”

“Alright, thank you brother Wuyi!” Mulan Yue rolled her eyes and accepted his decision with a smile.

After they settled the distribution plan, Ouyang Shuo rose and was about to leave.

“Cough, cough….” Li Anbai faked a cough, reminding them of his existence.

“Is there anything, old leader?” Mu Guiying asked.

Even simply nodding his head required great effort, and his voice was hoarse as he spoke. “I am dying; there is not much time left for this old man anymore. The only worry I have left is my lovely little daughter. I beg for the general and the two great lords to take good care of her.”

Mu Guiying turned to Mulan Yue, waiting for her call.

Mulan Yue said in a cute voice, “This won’t be a problem. Little sister Feixue is so cute and innocent. She will definitely not be bullied in Mulan County. May the old leader be at ease.”

Ouyang Shuo shook his head in amusement. He didn’t know that Mulan Yue was like him, having the hobby to adopt little sisters.

“If that is the case, I am thankful.” After Mulan Yue gave her promise, Li Anbai was finally at ease.

When he saw that everything was settled, Ouyang Shuo rose to leave.

Before he left, Mulan Yue gave Ouyang Shuo a token.

“What’s this?” Ouyang Shuo asked.

Mulan Yue mysteriously smile. “This was found when Sister Mu was searching the secret chamber in Zhennan Pass, have a look.”

Ouyang Shuo took the token and had a look. At that moment, his jaws almost fell off.

[Token of Territory Merging] (3/3) : After use, subordinate village creation token can be used to merge existing territory, saving the need to build everything from scratch.

Needless to say, [Token of Territory Merging] solved the biggest problem that was troubling Ouyang Shuo. He could actually extract subordinate village creation tokens from Qiushui, Beihai, or Friendship County, then merge them with an existing territory such as Tianfeng County, restoring the potential of these territories.

“Yueyue, do you know the value of this token?” His tone was solemn and serious.

Such a token defied nature. If it were placed on the auction platform, it would be the tossed stone that raised a thousand ripples.

She seemed to be unconscious of the value of the token, as she laughed as usual. “I am well aware of it. But, in my opinion, Brother Wuyi you need it more than I do. And only you can maximize the full potential of this token.” News regarding Ouyang Shuo’s success in capturing 5 territories had reached the lords of Shanhai Alliance, which naturally included Mulan Yue.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. All of a sudden, he held out his hand and patted her head. Then, he smiled and said, “Well then, I will take this token.” He did not speak of any repayments, as he openly received the gift. The relationship between the two suddenly became closer, while the estrangements disappeared, and they became much like a true brother and sister pair.

Her smile bloomed and resplendent like a summer flower, which warmed the hearts of those around them.

When Ouyang Shuo returned to Shanhai County, he dispersed the military and turned into his office alone.

The [Token of Territory Merging] could be used 3 times. That meant 3 village creation tokens. Matters regarding on how to use, when to use, and which 3 to use would depend on Ouyang Shuo’s future plan for the territory and his own jurisdiction.

The first that crossed his mind was Beihai County. As a harbor city, Beihai County should not scatter its attention. Furthermore, the surroundings of Beihai County were nothing but a long narrow coastline. It was simply unsuitable to expand its territory.

Therefore, the 3 black-iron level village creation token from Beihai County could be freed out and taken by Ouyang Shuo.

Secondly, he had to consider which subordinate territory he would merge the tokens with. Out of the 5 subordinate territories, Gushan County was an autonomous city by the mountain barbarians, so it could be taken off the list. Gushan County was purposed to attract populations from the tribes of mountain barbarians in the woods. The rate of population growth would not be lower than the other subordinate territories, so it didn’t require the system migrants.

Of the rest of the 4 subordinate territories, Tianfeng County was a must. The only problem was whether Ouyang Shuo should use a token on Yishui, Yongye, or Guangshui County.

In his plans, he has no intention to spend all 3 chances at once. He would need to save up at least 1 token for Ba Dao’s Broken Blade County. He couldn’t claim it yet, but it would be his in the future.

As the eastern central city of Ouyang Shuo’s plan, he naturally would not allow its potential to get wasted.

In the end, Ouyang Shuo decided to merge Tianfeng County and Yishui County.



* * *





Chapter 246




Chapter 246: TWO Chapter 246 - The King’s Path

Chapter 246 - The King’s Path

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Gaia First Year October 12th.

Ouyang Shuo led his guards and arrived at Beihai City. It had been half a year ever since the establishment of Beihai City and this was the first time Ouyang Shuo had visited it.

The skiff sailed through the canyon, twisting and turning along the way but still moving toward its destination steadily. He raised his head and all he could see were the cold stones and hard rocks which were partially tinted dark green by moss. The atmosphere around was dead and dull; he looked straight up. The steep cliffs took up half of his sights, forming a blue skyline in between.

The gushing torrents of the river washed its anger onto the stone cliff walls, sounds of water rippling could be heard as the water splashed onto the hard cold rocks and splattered around in all directions.

A sudden sharp turn was made, and an upright skyline rose above from the ground all the way up as it joined the blue bright sky. As the little skiff sailed through the breathtaking skyline, the view became open and clear. The sky was high and the land was wide, shimmering warm sunlight shone down to the earth. The thick white-line of coast could be seen from afar, thundering sounds could be heard as the waves rumbled in the sea. A couple of seabirds flew across the skies bringing an immense feel of liveliness.

The narrow and the wide, life and death, so abrupt yet harmonious, they all existed side by side. Ouyang Shuo was astonished as he looked at all these great creations of mother nature.

At a riverside next to the sea, a majestic city stood in between the heaven and earth; its existence within this land subdued every living being in the area.

The city magistrate Gu Xiuwen and the commander of the Beihai navy Pei Donglai, along with their trusted subordinates were waiting at the dock for Ouyang Shuo’s arrival.

The skiff slowly reached the dock, and Ouyang Shuo walked down of the skiff under his guards’ protection.

“Greetings to the lord!” The officials bowed and greeted Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, “All of you are the humerus and backbone of Beihai City. Beihai City could not possibly be what it is now today without any one of you. Your hard work and contributions are much appreciated. Today, I am not here to show off what I have achieved, so you may be dismissed!”

“Understood!” The officials dared not delay, and they all dispersed. Only Gu Xiuwen and Pei Donglai stayed back.

Ouyang Shuo wasn’t in a hurry to enter the city. He smiled and said to the two, “So, let’s take a walk!”

In actual fact, even Gu Xiuwen and Pei Donglai knew little of the purpose behind why Ouyang Shuo visited Beihai City.

The night before, the two had received an emergency mail from secretary Lang Bainan. In the letter, it was stated that the lord would pay Beihai City a visit, but it did not clarify the reason behind the sudden visit.

Naturally, the two wouldn’t decline their lord’s request, so they answered in unison, “Yes!”

The group of three walked toward the beach, while the guards kept a distance away from them and watched over their safety closely.

While they walked slowly around, Ouyang Shuo turned and looked at Gu Xiuwen, “Xiuwen, how is Beihai City doing lately?”

Ever since he had occupied Tianfeng and the other 4 cities, Ouyang Shuo had abolished the need for the heads of subordinate territories to personally report to Ouyang Shuo in the main city on a monthly basis. He had changed the debriefing report to once every half a year.

Therefore, it was qui

te some time since Ouyang Shuo had met Gu Xiuwen, his trusted right-hand man.

Gu Xiuwen was startled for a moment. Then, he bowed and said, “Reporting to the lord…”

“Ey,” Ouyang Shuo waved his hand. “This isn’t the imperial court, Xiuwen can skip the formality.” This was also the reason why Ouyang Shuo did not rush to the magistrate office; he didn’t want things to get too solemn.

Gu Xiuwen nodded and he started to report to Ouyang Shuo in a casual manner the main points and issues of Beihai City.

During the last military and governance meeting, Ouyang Shuo had proposed a plan that they would have to diversify their industries. After the meeting, the clerk office had organized the proposal into an official document and sent them to the subsidiary territories.

The heads of the secondary territories knew exactly what Ouyang Shuo meant. They started to figure out ways to diversify and also develop their unique industrial planning.

In this matter, Beihai City was placed in a bad position. As the saying went, ‘Those living on a mountain live off the mountain, those living near the water live off the water’. Beihai City was located beside the sea, so it was natural for them to exploit the fisheries and salt industry. But other than that, it was hard for them to develop another new industry. Their industrial structure was very simple.

Needless to say, the salt industry was limited by the beach area by the sea, so it had long reached a bottleneck.

The fisheries were not going so well either. The fishermen had to worry about bad weather and face the threats of the pirates, so the industry itself wasn’t too stable. They could only fish within the area of the navy cruise waters.

An estimation of half a month was needed before Beihai City could be upgraded to a grade 3 city. This was while Qiushui City had caught up to them, and was already a grade 3 city as of last week.

Although the migration of mountain barbarians played a big role in it, Gu Xiuwen was still not convinced. As the first subordinate territory of Shanhai, Gu Xiuwen had always looked at Beihai City as the benchmark and model example of the subordinate territories.

In order to catch up to Qiushui City, Gu Xiuwen had a small discussion with Pei Donglai to launch a military operation to exterminate the pirates. They could capture the fugitives and increase the population of Beihai City at the same time, eliminating the obstacles faced by the fishermen.

Pei Donglai had that idea in mind for a long time, and as he listened to Gu Xiuwen, the two immediately saw eye to eye with each other.

However, after a few defeats, the Black Shark pirates started to retreat. For a long period of time, they stopped sending scout ships over to monitor the movements of Beihai City.

In order to avoid unwanted events from happening, the two requested help from Ouyang Shuo, hoping that he could approve the military operation to exterminate the pirates.

Seeing the two beating around the bush and in the end coming back to the topic of exterminating pirates, Ouyang Shuo laughed and shook his head. “The two of you, stop giving me a two-man comic show. The battles that took place on the land lately have indeed affected the operation to exterminate the pirates. However, along with the fall of Zhennan Pass and Er’Shi Ridge, the battlefield on the land can now enjoy a momentary peace. And that is why I am here today, to discuss with the two of you about the matters regarding the extermination of Black Shark pirates of Moon Island.”

Listening to his words, Gu Xiuwen and Pei Donglai were overjoyed.

As they were talking, they had reached to the beach. The seawater was crystal clear and the beach was clear of rubbish.

In the brick and mortar world, such a clean and spotless beach was long gone. Seeing the paradise-like beach, Ouyang Shuo had a sudden urge to dive deep and immerse himself in the sea. He gazed at it and thoughts flowed in his mind. He could bring Bing’er here for a vacation in the future.

“Xiuwen!” Ouyang Shuo called.

“Here!”

“Do me a favor. Build a wooden hut near the beach. Next time, I will bring Bing’er here for a vacation, and we will stay in the hut,” Ouyang Shuo instructed.

Although he was the great lord of Shanhai, he did not want to be tied by the endless void of military and governing affairs. When it was time to relax and enjoy, he would not hesitate at all to do so.

“Understood!” Gu Xiuwen took the words into his heart. He’d decided that he would build and embellish it into the best wooden hut ever, so that his lord and the third young lady could enjoy the most comfortable living environment.

“Alright, let’s head back to the magistrate office.” After he visually fed his eyes with all the breathtaking views, Ouyang Shuo had decided to return to the city.

Beihai City, Council Chamber.

As Ouyang Shuo whispered for the heartstone in his heart, the crystal-white heartstone heard his call and slowly rose above the ground. On the face of the heartstone, three glimmering ancient Chinese words that spelled Beihai City were written.

He placed his right hand on the face of the heartstone and whispered “Subordinate village.” Then, the system prompt rang in his ears.

“System Notification: Beihai City belongs to a grade 2 city, possess 3 village creation tokens, do you wish to use one?”

“Yes!”

“System Notice: Village creation token of Beihai City is silver-level, village creation token of subordinate territories will automatically be reduced by one level into the black-iron level, do you wish to extract?”

“Extract!”

Three black lights flashed on the crystal-white heartstone, slowly congealing and falling into the hands of Ouyang Shuo, turning into 3 black-iron level village creation tokens. Then, Ouyang Shuo took a look at the properties.

Name: Village Creation Token (Black-iron)

Features: 25% increase in attracting immigrants; 10% increase in attracting special talents; 25% increase in crop production; 10% increase in skilled worker productivity; 10% increase in military promotion.

Evaluation: An unique item, cannot be dropped, untradeable.

The properties of a black-iron level village creation token was only half of a gold’s. The quality was a lot lower. But Ouyang Shuo didn’t mind at all. He kept the 3 tokens in his storage bag, as even a black-iron level village creation token was better than none.

“Is the lord going to establish new subordinate territories?” Gu Xiuwen, who was standing to the side, asked.

Only then Ouyang Shuo did remember that he had not explained matters regarding the [Token of Territory Merging] to Gu Xiuwen, so a slight sense of embarrassment lurked in his heart. He could recall that Gu Xiuwen had not only once but twice requested for permission for Beihai City to establish new subordinate territories, but he declined all of them.

“Xiuwen, there is something I need to tell you.” Ouyang Shuo pondered for a moment before he continued on. “Beihai City need to focus on its main base; the top priority is to develop itself, so there is no need for the later subordinate territories. I have other plans for these 3 village creation tokens.”

Gu Xiuwen was stunned. His face paled, and he looked like a strangled person. He thought that Ouyang Shuo was only doing this because Ouyang Shuo was unsatisfied with Beihai City’s current development.

“I am sorry, I have failed to reach the expectations of my lord. Please punish me!” Gu Xiuwen was half-kneeling down onto the ground, and said in panic and fear.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head. This was the bad thing about scholars; they liked to brainstorm and too many thoughts flowed in their minds. Sometimes, they would blindly overthink situations. If it were Zhao Dexian or Zhao Dewang, they would not be like this and would just ask directly for the reason.

“Get up, do not misunderstand the situation. I am not doing this because I am dissatisfied with your performance. This is nothing but the official arrangements done in accordance to the future planning of the territory. Beihai City stands beside the sea, so it is only naturally for it to center the developments around itself. This is the only right way for Beihai City.” Ouyang Shuo had to explain it nicely. To leave any ill feelings or creating barriers between him and his trusted subordinate was something he did not like to see.

“Understood!” Gu Xiuwen was feeling more relieved; his heart finally at ease.

He couldn’t be blamed for being so anxious. The fact that Beihai City was superseded by Qiushui City made the competitive Gu Xiuwen feel unpleasant. It had caused him to feel a little jittery and panicked lately.

Ouyang Shuo also noticed that Gu Xiuwen was now in an emotionally imbalanced state. But matters like these were hard for an outside person to comfort. The more one comforted, the worse the unpleasantness might grow. The only way was to allow Gu Xiuwen to self-regulate and calm the waves in his sea of emotions.

As the lord, Ouyang Shuo couldn’t favor any one side, be it Qiushui, Beihai, or even Friendship City. Both the palm and the back of his hand were his own flesh, so any good news or developments of the three cities were worth celebrating.

As long as the competitions between the cities were kept within limits and stayed as healthy competition, Ouyang Shuo would not intervene. But if any one of the cities crossed the line, Ouyang Shuo would not hold back his fists; he would severely punish the personnel in charge and show no mercy.

As the subordinate territories increased in numbers and strength, it would be a profound art to balance the relations, resources, and arrangements between the subordinate territories.

That was why Ouyang Shuo was hurrying the construction of Tian Hai Road, to strengthen his control over the subordinate territories so that they would not grow out of his control.

In this regard, Ouyang Shuo was still immature, and he could only take things step by step with great caution, slowly and steadily teaching himself how to do it.

In actual fact, Ouyang Shuo needed a teacher, a mentor who could teach and enlighten him on the the righteous way of a king’s path. Even Fan Zhongyan and Tian Wenjing were quite clueless in this aspect.



* * *





Chapter 247




Chapter 247: TWO Chapter 247 - Navy

Chapter 247 - Navy

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After he left the magistrate office, he went straight to the Beihai Port under the guidance of Pei Donglai.

Beihai Port was a mixed port located at the southeast corner of Beihai City. Half of it belonged to the civilian fishing port, and the other was the military navy port. It was also the station point of Beihai Navy fleet. The previously shifted advanced shipyard was relocated to Beihai Port.

As he walked into the navy port, he asked Pei Donglai to invite the shipyard advisor Elder Sun and manager Zhou Dahai over to discuss matters regarding the expansion of Beihai Navy fleet.

Naval Port, Council Chamber.

Ouyang Shuo sat on the floor, and he looked around before he said anything, “Long ago, I had decided to expand the scale of the navy fleet, a strategy aimed to dominate over the ocean. During these periods of time, the territory had built an advanced shipyard and the Beihai Port, established a fleet of navy sailors, crafted our primary warships—Meng Chong warships, everything was seemingly fine. But what was happening? We couldn’t even take down a small island, couldn’t exterminate a small group of pirates, why is that so?”

His question was so sharp that it stagnated the atmosphere.

“General Pei, you are the navy commander, so tell us your opinion.” Ouyang Shuo started naming people.

Pei Donglai knew he needed to give something with actual content. He rose, first bowed and greeted Ouyang Shuo, then he said, “Reporting to the marquis, if we were to point out excuses, I could name quite a few of them. For example, the lack in troops, the lack of combat experience and the unfamiliarity of the surrounding waters. But these were not the main causes. The navy fleet can overcome these obstacles if we desire it. The crux of the problem lies within the lack of variety of warships. There is only a single kind of warship in the territory. We couldn’t organize a large-scale naval battle.”

Pei Donglai’s points brightened Ouyang Shuo’s eyes, “Continue.”

As a former navy general of the imperial court, Pei Donglai was very experienced in naval battles. He had a clearer idea than anyone else on the problems that lay within the Beihai Navy fleet.

Pei Donglai tidied up his thoughts in his mind, as the thoughts were sorted out, he continued, “To form a complete organizational structured navy fleet, we need at least 3 varieties of warships. The first will be the command ships—Tower warships, they’re the primary warships, and they also carry the logistical support of the naval fleet. Only then comes the second kind, the attack warships—Meng Chong warship, their defense capabilities are weaker than the tower warships. The weak point is that they can’t individually engage in a naval battle far away from the home-base as they can only carry a limited amount of logistical resources. Lastly, the third kind will be the scout warships—Chima boats. They are small, light, fast, and easy to hide.”

“Only with reasonable coordination between the 3 variety of warships can we exploit our full potential in a naval battle. The organization structure of the navy fleet shall not be the replica of the ground forces. Instead, the navy fleet will be grouped into units of fleets. In a unit of fleet consists of not only soldiers but must also be separately equipped with sailors. Beihai navy fleet is now only equipped with Meng Chong warships. Therefore, we will be facing great risk if we were to sail across the sea and attack Moon Island.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded as he understood the crux of the problem, he was taking it too lightly before.

Among the 3 warships, the small scout warships were not much of a c

oncern. The main issue would be the large command warships—Tower warships.

To build the tower warships, they had to face two obstacles. The first was to acquire the Tower Warship Manufacturing Manual and the second was to build a premium shipyard. The advanced shipyard he had now could only manufacture mid-sized warships.

The biggest obstacle to upgrading the shipyard into the premium level was cleared off as Zheng Dahai was already a master shipbuilder. The only thing Ouyang Shuo needed to do was to spend 5000 gold on the premium shipyard building blueprint.

The main key was still the Tower Warship Manufacturing Manual. It belonged to the special class, and one could only pray one could lay hands on such a rare item. Ouyang Shuo could hope that it would appear in the next system auction. However, the distant waters could not quench his present thirst. The aid would be coming in too slow to be of any help.

Ouyang Shuo turned and looked at Zheng Dahai. “Is there anything to report about the shipyard?”

Zheng Dahai rose, bowed, and said, “Reporting to the marquis, the shipyard has stopped manufacturing Meng Chong warships and is now only producing fishing boats.”

“Why is that so?”

“It was because the demand for Meng Chong warships had been fulfilled. Other than those that were delivered to the Beihai Navy fleet and the Xila lake navy unit, there are still 20 extra Meng Chong warships docked in the port. We barely fit them in.”

Ouyang Shuo was stunned since when did the shipyard had such a high efficiency? They mustn’t be underestimated. Ouyang Shuo asked, “What are the levels of the shipbuilders in the shipyard?”

A proud look came onto his face as Zheng Dahai answered Ouyang Shuo’s question with a bright smile. “Reporting to the marquis, after half a year of cultivation, the shipyard now has a total of 870 shipbuilders. Among them is 1 master, 12 advanced, 54 intermediate, 228 basic, and 575 apprentice-level shipbuilders.” To nurture such a big team truly wasn’t easy.

“Not bad.” Ouyang Shuo nodded with approval.

At last, Ouyang Shuo turned to Elder Sun and asked, “Elder Sun, how’s the transformation of the warships going on?”

Other than his usual research job in Research Institute No.7, Elder Sun had spent most of his time in the shipyard. Sun Xiaoyue had grumbled to Ouyang Shuo over this matter, saying that Ouyang Shuo was oppressing and exploiting the last residual value out of her grandfather.

Ouyang Shuo could only answer her with a wry smile.

The truth was, ever since entering the game, the elders were lifted off the from restraints of the real world. Each and every one of them was filled with spirit and endless energy. Ouyang Shuo couldn’t even slow them down.

Elder Sun, with his face filled with enthusiasm and his voice loud and clear, shook his head and said, “Just as General Pei had described, the types of warships are too few. There were a lot of technology transformations that couldn’t be used. Specifically, on Meng Chong warship, we had equipped it with a compass, upgraded the sails. At the same time, I have plans to enhance the ship’s structure with inner metal plates, fitting them with naval rams to increase the impact damage capability of the Meng Chong warships.”

He continued. “The most important research of all is the watertight bulkhead technology. With this technology we can increase the drafting of water. Otherwise, it will be useless to install the metal plates if the water draft can’t follow up.”

Ouyang Shuo was overjoyed. He didn’t expect Elder Sun to implement so many upgrades in such a short period.

“Elder Sun is too humble, such transformations are worth more than tens of thousands of gold.” Ouyang Shuo said as he smiled.

Elder Sun waved his hands. “Ouyang, you don’t have to apple-polish me.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded. He turned and looked at the others again, especially Pei Donglai, then he said, “Leave the matters regarding the tower warships to me. This is not something that can be done overnight. It will not be able to take part in the extermination of pirates on Moon Island. We can only rely on the Meng Chong warships. About the naval battle, I will personally partake in it and take charge of the logistical support. General Pei, you will need to take in considerations and draft a plan to ensure the smoothness of the naval battle.”

“Understood!” Pei Donglai answered, and he felt immense responsibility placed on his shoulder.

During the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo returned to Shanhai City.

The moment he arrived back home, a concierge came running. “Reporting to the marquis, important guests came. The madam has asked marquis to make way to the garden in the backyard once the marquis has returned.” The ‘madam’ the concierge referred to was naturally Song Jia.

Ouyang Shuo was startled for a moment, if the guests were taken in by Song Jia, then they must have been friends of Ouyang Shuo and Song Jia.

Ever since the founding of Dongli Sword Sect, there was a continuity of schoolmates that came attracted by the name. Especially after Song Jia’s identity was revealed on the forums, the players came like an endless stream.

A large portion of the people who came were attended to by Song Jia, with Ouyang Shuo not even appearing. Since Song Jia had specially asked him to appear, it meant that this person must have been a classmate and one which he had a good relationship with.

Ouyang Shuo walked into the backyard, and he as saw Zi Su, he asked, “Who are the guests?”

Zi Su first greeted Ouyang Shuo, then answered, “Reporting to the marquis, according to the madam, they are your schoolmates, 2 females.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded. He had an idea of who they were, so he waved his hand and said, “Alright, you can get back to work.”

“Understood!” Zi Su left after replying to Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo walked past the backyard into the garden. From far away he could hear the chit chats and laughter of the ladies.

“Wuyi, over here!” Song Jia’s eyes were sharp as she noticed Ouyang Shuo immediately.

In the middle of the garden stood a gazebo, in it sat 3 ladies. Other than Song Jia, the others also dressed in outfits of chivalrous experts. As they heard Song Jia calling Ouyang Shuo, they turned around and gazed at him.

“Woah, it is Ouyang Shuo, wuwu~,” the lady who was slightly fatter said. She had more of an elegant demeanor than her other friend who was tiny and cute, but even though her friend was quiet, she still couldn’t hide the surprise in her eyes.

Ouyang Shuo wasn’t too sure before, but he could recognize the two now. He walked towards them while he smiled and said, “Well well, and I thought who are the important guests. So, it’s the two beauties, welcome!”

That’s right. They were the two ladies who accompanied Ouyang Shuo during the student gathering, Tan Xiaoli and Meng Feifei.

The two ladies were stunned, disbelieving the truth.

Ouyang Shuo helplessly shook his head and sat down beside Song Jia.

Song Jia obediently poured a cup of tea for Ouyang Shuo and asked, “Wuyi, how was the trip?” Song Jia knew Ouyang Shuo went over to Beihai City for an inspection.

Ouyang Shuo nodded, not wanting to elaborate too much. He raised his head and looked at his two friends, and said self-deprecatingly, “What? Am I a monster? Why are you two looking me like this?”

“You are a monster!” Song Jia made a joke.

Tan Xiaoli and Meng Feifei nodded together in agreement.

“Old friends, I have never thought that we would meet each other again,” Ouyang Shuo said with deep feelings.

Speaking of deep feelings, Tan Xiaoli and Meng Feifei should be the one with deeper feelings. Before coming to Shanhai City, they knew nothing of Ouyang Shuo’s identity; they were only here for Song Jia.

But after they arrived, Song Jia told them the true identity of Ouyang Shuo, and for a moment it was truly hard to believe.

“Hmph, not bad, snatching away the class flower secretly.” Tan Xiaoli was a big-hearted lady. She was the first to accept the truth, and she jokingly said, “We were still thinking, who is this Qiyue Wuyi, what charm does he have to capture the love of our class flower? Who knew that man was one of us.”

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, as the friendships between old classmates were not that simple. No one would know what was the true intention of her words. How much of it was pure and innocent intentions, or was she just secretly sweet-talking to Song Jia?

But Ouyang Shuo didn’t care too much, he let his thoughts drift away and had a casual talk with the two.



* * *





Chapter 248




Chapter 248: TWO Chapter 248 - Rattlesnake

Chapter 248 - Rattlesnake



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The arrival of Tan Xiaoli and Meng Feifei was only a little spindrift in the ocean in the life of the great lord of Shanhai.

With the identity and status he had now, Ouyang Shuo need not entertain the others. He acted and moved according to his own will; every decision made was well-directed without the slightest distractions from external elements.

The Dongli Sword Sect was given to Song Jia with full authority, so Ouyang Shuo would not intervene in it. He believed that Song Jia had the ability to handle matters well.

On the second day, the cousin brother of Cui Yingyu, Cui Shouren, sent Ouyang Shuo a parcel of gratitude. Based on Ouyang Shuo’s conjecture, the Cui Chamber of Commerce had made a fortune during the food crisis.

The Cui Chamber of Commerce was grateful for Ouyang Shuo’s help, and was thinking of ways to repay the debt. As gold and silver were too common as reparations, they had prepared a special gift.

Ouyang Shuo opened the parcel; a book laid quietly in it. He picked it up and inspected the properties of the book.

Pearls Cultivation Technology Manual : After use, grants the user the knowledge of pearls cultivation technology.

According to the historical studies, the ancient Chinese pearls cultivation technology had started to embark during the Song Dynasty. As time flowed, the pearls cultivation technology was nearly fully matured during the late Ming Dynasty, and it held a certain economic value.

The raw materials were mainly the ‘Tridacnidae’ or more commonly known as the giant clam. However, ordinary calms could be used too. The pearls cultivation technology was relatively simple, the pearls’ cultivating cycle ranged from months to a year.

Ouyang Shuo was still thinking on how to develop Xila lake, and this gift was just the timely aid he needed. If the cultivation of pearls were implemented on a large scale in Xila lake, it would then turn into another industry with a bright future.

Ouyang Shuo called over Yingyu to explain his plan for the cultivation of pearls. According to Ouyang Shuo, the cultured pearls would be placed under the jurisdiction of the Industry Division of Finance Department, while Tian Feng City would be in charge of the cultivating operations. Ouyang Shuo would assign 1000 gold to support the establishment of the cultured pearls industry.

Cui Yingyu was in joy after listening.

After the discussion, Ouyang Shuo called over the secretary Bai Nanpu and handed over a black-iron village creation token, the Pearls Cultivation Technology Manual, and 1000 gold to him. Bai Nanpu was instructed to deliver the items through official couriers to the Tian Feng City. The city magistrate, Zhao Dewang, would then take over and be in charge of matters.

The village creation token he handed to Bai Nanpu had been merged with the [Token of Territory Merging], so it could be directly used without Ouyang Shuo having to present himself on the spot.

As the 3 black-iron village creation tokens were merged with the [Token of Territory Merging], the token had disappeared into thin air in a flash of white light.

Along with the items was attached a letter handwritten by Ouyang Shuo. In the letter, Ouyang Shuo explained his plan of the pearl cultivation industry, and he instructed Zhao Dewang to revive the potential of Tian Feng City with the token. After the revival of the city, the refugees spawned would have to be sent to work on the cultivation of pearls. It was purposed to develop it as the core industry of Tian Feng City.

Other than that, Ouyang Shuo did

not forget to send Yishui City a village creation token. As the cousin brother of Cui Yingyu, Cui Shousi had been sent there to act as the city magistrate. Ouyang Shuo believed that he could decently maximize the use of the token.

As for the last village creation token, Ouyang Shuo kept it in his storage bag, leaving it for another use.

After everything was settled, Ouyang Shuo went over to the relay station and sent his little aunt 5000 gold, and he requested her to purchase a premium shipyard building blueprint. In the letter to his little aunt, he also stated that he would like to ask her to put up a bridge and contact the Rattlesnake mercenary group, as there wassome cooperation he would like to discuss about.

The Rattlesnake mercenary group, although not listed in the top ten list of mercenary groups, were still very famous as they were true mercenaries in the real world.

However, the Rattlesnake mercenary group was still low key, and only a few knew of their background. Thanks to his past life, Ouyang Shuo had some understandings about them.

The cooperation he mentioned was that he would like to hire the members of Rattlesnake as the instructors of Shanhai’s military. Their job would be to help the Shanhai military by providing training to the scouts and special forces.

In regards to this matter, Ouyang Shuo could not work along with Zhan Lang, who was supported by the military. Hence, his only shot was the mercenaries.

Ouyang Shuo requested his little aunt to act as the middleman. As his little aunt and the Rattlesnakes were all adventurers, they could communicate with each other better. If Ouyang Shuo had approached the Rattlesnake mercenary group in person, it would seem a little odd.

Jian Ye, Base of the Snow-War Rose Mercenary Group

Lin Jing frowned upon receiving Ouyang Shuo’s letter; she mumbled to herself, “What sort of business does this brat have with the Rattlesnake mercenary group, how did he come by this name?!”

“Jingjing, what are you mumbling about?” Xie Siyun who was beside her asked.

Lin Jing raised her head and said awkwardly, “Siyun, do you have any contacts with the Rattlesnake mercenary group?”

“The Rattlesnakes?” Xie Siyun frowned. “From what I know, they’re also based are in Jian Ye. I had seen their leader once, Black Mamba, during the gathering of heads of Jian Ye. I heard that they’re keeping an unusually low profile, why do you ask?”

“Little Ouyang Shuo wants us to put up a bridge between him and the Black Mamba. It seems like he have intentions to cooperate with the Rattlesnakes, but he had not specified what.”

“Cooperation?” Xie Siyun lowered her head and pondered. She said slowly as she recalled, “From the clues and trails, the Rattlesnakes should be a fixed group in the real world; they don’t take in new members and remain around 500-600 in number, not even the size of a medium guild.”

As the president of the Jian Ye Overlord guild, Xie Siyun was familiar with each and every guild in the city, but there was an exception. She only knew a little about the Rattlesnake mercenary group.

Xie Siyun shook her head and also shaking her thoughts away, she said with a wry smile. “What a mysterious nephew you have, thousands of miles away and yet he is still so familiar with the mercenaries in Jian Ye. Since he mentioned it, he must have his own reasons. Alright, I will contact the leader Black Mamba and see what does he has to say.”

“Alright.” Although Lin Jing grumbled about Ouyang Shuo, his requests weren’t taken lightly.

The base of Rattlesnake mercenary group was situated in a humble courtyard in the city of Jian Ye. If Snow-War Rose wasn’t a large party in the city, they might’ve not been able to find it at all.

Xie Siyun and Lin Jing had decided to personally visit the Rattlesnakes.

“Who are you?” The guard were alert.

In a situation like this, it was always handled by Xie Siyun. She answered their doubts with a smile. “We are from the Snow-War Rose; we have something for your leader. Please pass the words.”

To the adventure players in Jian Ye, how could they not know the name of Snow-War Rose? The guard of course knew who they were. His heart skipped for a beat, but he remained calm on the surface, “This way please!”

Xie Siyun and Lin Jing glanced at each other, both of their eyes filled with surprise. The quality of the members of Rattlesnakes were so high. Even an ordinary guard was so calm and steady; the Rattlesnakes were deeply hidden, and must not be underestimated.

Xie Siyun was even more surprised. There exists such an elite mercenary group in Jian Ye and yet she was clueless about it. It seemed like she had to reevaluate the Rattlesnake mercenary groups.

It was also one of the reasons why Ouyang Shuo requested Lin Jing to act as middleman. Other than the fact adventurers communicate better with their own, he also wanted to tell them that the Rattlesnake mercenary group was not as simple as they thought it was.

The mercenary Rattlesnakes’ main businesses were assassination contract, kidnap, assault and any other requests by their employer. They were a bunch of dangerous men.

The guard led the two ladies into the meeting room, and he said, “Please wait for a moment, I will now report to the leader.”

Xie Siyun nodded and answered, “Thank you.”

A short moment later, laughter came from outside of the meeting room. The man wasn’t there but the sound had reached them.

“Haha, guests of importance, welcome welcome!” The sound was like the bright and sunny sun, clear of gloomy dark atmospheres, warming the hearts of those around.

A man walked into the meeting room. He was dark-skinned, had a strong physique, was tall and buff with an army of hair, giving off an aura of masculinity.

Xie Siyun and Lin Jing stood up, their hearts filled with doubts. The black mamba snake was venomous and insidious, but the man who stood before them was nowhere close to that even though he carried the name of Black Mamba.

“We are sorry for the sudden visit.” Xie Siyun said.

Black Mamba nodded. He sat down, smiled and said, “It is an honor for the two great leaders of the Snow-War Rose to pay me a visit.” In actual fact, he was also surprised and curious about the sudden visit.

The two parties had simple greetings and Xie Siyun went straight into the topic, so she said, “We are here today for two reasons. The first is to enhance the relationship between the two mercenary groups, and the second is that we were requested to do so by someone.”

His sights congealed and his aura changed. The warm bright man was no more and the atmosphere was stagnated; it could almost suffocate the weak. Black Mamba was astonished. They kept a low profile but in the end they were still noticed by someone.

“Who is it?” in a solemn voice Black Mamba asked.

Xie Siyun was shocked. Her heart trembled, but she was no ordinary woman either, she stayed calm and said, “Lord of Shanhai City, Lian Zhou Marquis Qiyue Wuyi.”

“What a man of high prestige, no wonder he can instruct the two of you.” Black Mamba gazed carefully at the two ladies. His sights were filled with questions, wanting to know what was the relation between the Snow-War Rose and Shanhai City.

Xie Siyun ignored his wordless questions, and summarized the situation. “Lord Wuyi would like to have cooperation between Shanhai City and the Rattlesnake mercenary group, what do you think?”

“Cooperation? What kind of cooperation?” Black Mamba asked curiously. He felt that the Shanhai lord from thousands of miles away had his eyes on him. This feeling, to be honest, didn’t feel good.

Xie Siyun shook her head. “The details will be discussed between you and the Shanhai lord. But, with his high prestige, he will not say meaningless words.”

Again his sights congealed. Even without Xie Siyun saying so, he would still pay a visit to the legendary lord of the Chinese server. His heart would never rest at ease without knowing who the lord was and what business he had with the Rattlesnakes.

“Alright, Rattlesnake as a mercenary group will naturally not decline business. May the President of the War Rose pass the words to Lian Zhou Marquis, I will am always ready to pay Shanhai City a visit.” Black Mamba reverted back to his usual image of a bright and warm gentleman, and answered like a businessman.

Xie Siyun nodded; she stood up and left with Lin Jing.



* * *





Chapter 249




Chapter 249: TWO Chapter 249 - Special Forces

Chapter 249 - Special Forces



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



On October 14, Ouyang Shuo received the premium blueprint and reply letter from his little aunt Lin Jing.

Ouyang Shuo first threw the premium shipyard building blueprint to Bai Nanpu in the office next to his, instructed Bai Nanpu to deliver it to Beihai City, and demanded Beihai City to immediately upgrade the shipyard.

He then returned back to his office and opened the letter.

In the letter, his little aunt Lin Jing said that she had contacted the leader of Rattlesnake mercenary group, Black Mamba, and that he was very interested to see what Ouyang Shuo had to offer when he arrived at Shanhai City.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. Sure enough, Shanhai City was now a giant no one could look down on. He immediately wrote a letter to invite Black Mamba over to Shanhai City tomorrow to discuss their cooperation.

Since he still had some free time, he took a trip to the military factory located on the outskirt and retrieved a batch of military grain pills for the upcoming naval battle.

In order to increase their success rate, the shipyard followed Ouyang Shuo’s request and was now upgrading the 25 Meng Chong warships of the Beihai navy fleet with naval rams and inner metal plates.

As for the trump card, it would naturally be the alchemical oil. Ouyang Shuo would very much like to see how the wooden ships of the pirates would perform when faced with the fire arrows of alchemical oil.

The following day, Black Mamba arrived on time and was welcomed by Ouyang Shuo in the hall.

Along with the mercenary leader were two other gentleman. After the introductions, they were Viper and Cobra. Ouyang Shuo knew very well that only the core members of Rattlesnakes could embrace the name of a venomous snake.

While Shanhai City only had Ouyang Shuo who was accompanied by the director of Military Affairs, Director Ge Hongliang.

“What is it that the Lian Zhou Marquis would like seek from the Rattlesnakes?” Black Mamba was straightforward.

Ouyang Shuo understood their doubts and worries. If he didn’t clear them off and they remained wary, the cooperation would never continue on as he planned. Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, “As the saying goes: A straightforward person does not resort to insinuations. I know very well that you are mercenaries in the real world. I am here today, inviting you over with the hope that you can return back to your destined role.”

Black Mamba’s sights congealed, his bad foreboding came true.

In truth, being mercenaries was not a big deal, especially after the occurrence of the interplanet migration, there was simply nothing more to hide. What Black Mamba was wondering was how Ouyang Shuo had found out their identity.

Ouyang Shuo made the conversation clear. He didn’t want both parties to be tangled on their respective identities.

Black Mamba was also an extraordinary man. After Ouyang Shuo had spoken clearly, he stopped hiding and said, “You are indeed worthy of the name of Lian Zhou Marquis. I am now very curious, what kind of cooperation can people like you have with us?”

“Simple.” Ouyang Shuo explained. “I hope the Rattlesnakes can send over a team of instructors and be stationed in Shanhai City. They will assist Shanhai City in training an elite special operation force. How is that?”

His idea was simple. It was to implement the tactics and strategies of modern warfare to the armies of an ancient era. It would be hard and difficult; the idea was whimsical, and it required the help of professionals.

Rattlesnake was one of

the best international mercenaries. The elites of the elites. Their combat capability and combat tactics were comparable to the special forces.

Black Mamba was stunned. He was shocked but the whimsical idea of Ouyang Shuo. This was the advantage of a layman. Because he was clueless about the industry, he dared to propose such a mad idea.

Of course, the high understanding of the game played an important role too. From Ouyang Shuo’s point of view, there weren’t so many restraints and rules. While others saw Earth Online as a game, he simply looked at it as the real world.

Ouyang Shuo didn’t find it weird at all implementing modern knowledge in this world of the ancient era. He was completely a pragmatist to the marrow of his bones.

Black Mamba and the others were stuck with the usual set of inertial thinking. In their heads, the game was in the end only a game and it should not be related to the brick and mortar real world. Since the theme of the game was the ancient era, they would play along and adapt themselves to the general affairs of the ancient era.

Ouyang Shuo noticed that a bright white light flashed in the eyes of Viper who was standing behind Black Mamba. It seemed like he was excited by the whimsical idea of Ouyang Shuo.

The members of Rattlesnake mercenary group were all true mercenaries, so there were no need for them to go through special training anymore. Their thoughts and actions would unconsciously drift towards the ways of special forces. Maybe they didn’t realize it either, but the ways of special forces seeped deep through into their bones and had became a part of them.

The idea Ouyang Shuo proposed was a stimulus to the war activists; it was difficult and challenging. But it was in their bones that they feared no challenges, rather, they enjoyed the challenges. The more challenging it was, the more exciting it was as well.

Black Mamba, as the leader of Rattlesnakes, was the perfect lead example. But at the same time, he was also the most sober man. Although his blood-boiled heart pumped in great excitement wanting to comply to Ouyang Shuo’s idea, his cool-headed mind was constantly reminding him to fight for the benefits of the mercenary group.

He suppressed his excitement and became the master of his own emotions. He calmly asked, “The idea Lian Zhou Marquis proposed, it is indeed interesting. But, what are the prices are you willing to pay?”

Ouyang Shuo had well understood the needs of Rattlesnakes. The offering price was something they could not resist.

“I am willing to pay with God-arm Crossbows, with this number.” Ouyang Shuo lifted up 5 fingers.

“50?” Black Mamba was a little unsatisfied.

Just as Ouyang Shuo thought, as the mercenaries, the God-arm Crossbows were the best cold-weapon for them. 50 God-arm Crossbows were close to Black Mamba bottom line expectation.

“No.” Ouyang Shuo shook his head, “500 of them.”

*Hiss.. Even with his immense control over his emotions and remaining calm all the time, he still couldn’t help but to take in a breath of cold-air to calm his heart.

500 God-arm Crossbows, that was sufficient to fully equip the entire Rattlesnake mercenary group. Basing on the current market price, the total value would not be less than 8000 gold, and the supply in the market was unstable too.

“Alright!” Black Mamba slammed on the table as he stood up in excitement. “The Lian Zhou Marquis is truly generous. The Rattlesnakes accepts your terms and the deal is sealed. Rest assured, the best instructors of the Rattlesnakes will be sent over to Shanhai City.” Ouyang Shuo’s generosity earned Black Mamba’s recognition and his approbation towards the cooperation.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. This was exactly what he wanted.

Then next thing they needed to do was to expand further discussions on the details of the cooperation.

The agreements included that the Rattlesnakes would send over 10 core members including Viper and Cobra to station in Shanhai City and assist Shanhai City with training a special forces.

In the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo invited Black Mamba, Cobra and Viper over to Restaurant Sangu for a banquet.

On the table, Black Mamba raised his cup of Three Flower Wine, smiled and said, “Shanhai City is truly worthy of its name as the World’s First City. It really opened my eyes.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded, smiled and said nothing.

After the banquet, Black Mamba returned back to Jian Ye while Viper and Cobra stayed back.

To train a special force, the first thing that needed to be done was to select the appropriate candidates. Only the best of the best could join the training. Needless to say, the first thing that came into Ouyang Shuo’s mind was the Guards regiment. The whole of regiment would be joining the training.

But at the same time, in order to avoid the gossips and unpleasantness from the other units, Ouyang Shuo had decided that all of the 5 regiments from the 1st Legion could recommend a squadron of soldiers to participate in the screening. While the 3 city defense regiments of Shanhai City, Qiushui City and Friendship City could recommend 50 soldiers to the screening.

Other than that, Ouyang Shuo had instructed the spies of the Military Intelligence Division to join in as one of the abilities of the special forces was scouting, and that was exactly what the Military Intelligence Division needed.

After knowing the situation, all 3 heads of Military Intelligence Division had requested to join. The words Ouyang Shuo spurred on them were still ringing in their ears. Now that they had the opportunity to receive specialized training, of course they wouldn’t miss it.

Seeing that the intelligence gathering workload was not as heavy as before, Ouyang Shuo approved their requests.

Therefore, the total number of candidates had reached 3,250 in number. Ouyang Shuo did not set any slots. He would be leaving it to the instructor’s jurisdiction. They would decide who stayed and who left.

After the candidate selection, it would establish a proper specialized training base.

The training camp would be placed in the outskirts. Qiushui City was located beside the woods, so it was a good option. In the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo led Viper and Cobra to the southern suburbs of Qiushui City.

Under the professional advice of the two mercenaries, they had chosen a piece of woodland. It was special because it had a pond, making it an ideal source of water. It could also be utilized in certain training programs.

Other than that, there would be another naval training base in Beihai City.

Ouyang Shuo had specially invited Sun Xiaoyue over. Under the suggestions of Viper and Cobra, Sun Xiaoyue drafted the architectural building blueprint, and handed it to the Construction Division.

The training base required many professional equipment and facilities. There were some modern facilities such as high pressure water guns that couldn’t be achieved under the existing condition, so they could only look for alternatives.

To establish a qualified training base and to realize the whimsical plan, Viper and Cobra would have to make use of their specialized knowledge finding alternatives and improvise the existing conditions to meet the required standard of facilities.

Not only that, but the establishment of the base would require the coordination between Construction Division, weapons workshop, woodworking workshops, and the others.

The complexity and importance were to the point that Ouyang Shuo personally asked the master of weaponry, Liu Mo, to slow down the research of Research Institute No.7 and come over to cooperate with the Rattlesnakes in perfecting the training facilities.

For the establishment of the training base, Ouyang Shuo had thrown in all of his resources and funds.

His full support encouraged the enthusiasm of Viper and Cobra. At 4 PM in the afternoon, the other 10 instructors from Rattlesnake arrived, and immediately submerged themselves into the preparation work.

The candidate selection and training base establishment would be synchronized. The candidates recommended by the units would also have to go through a series of internal screenings. Before the completion of training base, Viper and the others would commence a round of physical fitness tests in the western outskirt of Shanhai City. This would also be the first round of screening selections.



* * *





Chapter 250




Chapter 250: TWO Chapter 250 - Recruit Camp

Chapter 250 - Recruit Camp

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

In order to form a special force, other than the need for candidate selection and a training base, there was still one more requirement they needed to meet—the innovation of weaponries.

They would equip the troops with accessories such as canteens1, backpacks, marching boots, first aid kits, and engineering shovels, in addition to the Shanhai City metal-laceration medicines, military grain pills, and military tents. While the main weaponry would consist of armors, Tang Swords, god arm crossbows, and Qingfu horses. There were also plans for the future development of a military knife.

Hence, the formation of a special forces was a comprehensive project. If they succeeded, it would result in an overall enhancement of the Shanhai City military. It would push the military on the fast path of becoming elites.

The idea of an elite route had long lurked in Ouyang Shuo’s mind, but he didn’t implement it before. Now, with the military forces taking up one-tenth of the population, it brought an immense financial burden to the territory.

At the same time, if they had too many manpower join the military, the industry and economy of the territory would stagnate. Ouyang Shuo’s planned to regulate the number of military forces to 1/15 or even 1/20 of the total population.

Gaia, 1st year October, 12th, Western suburb of Shanhai City.

In four days time, the Construction Division had established a temporary military camp for the 3,250 candidates and the instructors.

With Viper as the leader and Cobra as vice leader, the instructor team would commence the first round of screening tests.

The foundation of the specials forces was physical fitness. In modern military screening, the basic physical fitness test included five-kilometers weight-bearing runs, single parallel bars, 400-meters barrier run, push-ups, and many other exercises.

Currently, all these tests were unfamiliar to the soldiers.

Therefore, the instructor team did not commence the screening immediately. Instead, they started a round of adaptive training. They took this opportunity to also get familiar with the physical fitness of the candidates and draft the training programs accordingly.

According to Ouyang Shuo’s request, other than adaptive training, the instructor team would also provide basic foundation training such as military drill formation, emergency assembly, housekeeping, and the other recruit training.

In truth, the temporary military camp actually acted as a recruitment camp.

Ouyang Shuo did not only want to form a special forces. He also wanted to inject the ways of modern military into the marrows of the bones of the Shanhai military. He aimed to enhance and discipline them and also teach them to use more logical scientific knowledge to solve problems.

For this reason, Ouyang Shuo had laid down the military behavior code of conduct long ago. Unfortunately, Ouyang Shuo was only a layman regarding this matter. He couldn’t even practice it himself, so how could he implement it within the military?

The arrival of the instructors acted as an opportunity.

Even if they disqualified the candidates from the list of special forces, these disqualified candidates could still bring along what they had learned in the camp back to their respective units and popularize it.

Under Ouyang Shuo’s command, every regiment needed to at least send a major and five captains to join the training. The training would mainly focus on them, and they would also become the backbone that spread the training across the Shanhai military.

Due to the candidates being the bests of the soldiers, a small discussion between Ouyang Shuo and the instructors took place. They decided that they would set the training period to one month. After one month, the candidates would go through the first round of screening selection.

The day they formed the recruitment camp, Ouyang Shuo personally went to the camp and gave a speech. He emphasized the importance of discipline and requested the soldiers to strictly follow the commands of the instructors. Otherwise, he would see to their punishment according to the military law.

After he settled all these matters, Ouyang Shuo would pour all of his focus into the upcoming Moon Island naval battle.

In between these events, a little interesting incident took place.

Song Jia suddenly returned to the manor to look for Ouyang Shuo. She said, “Wuyi, I want to recommend you a person.”

“Who is it? What person can make our Dongli Sword Sect Leader, Song Jia, personally come down from the mountain?” Ouyang Shuo teased.

Song Jia hammered him and coquettishly said, “Brat Woodsy, I am trying to help you, and you dare to tease me!”

“Alright, alright, alright! Say, who is it?” Ouyang Shuo raised both of his hand in surrender.

“Didn’t Tan Xiaoli and Meng Feifei come the past few days? I took them into the Dongli Sword Sect. After they settled down, they also brought their families into the territory. Guess what? The father of Meng Feifei, Meng Zhida, is not an ordinary man at all. He was part of the senior management team of the Bank of Jiao State. I think he can fill in your urgent need of finance professionals. That’s why I purposely came down the mountain to tell you this,” Song Jia explained.

As the Four Seas Bank expanded from day to day, Ouyang Shuo sought real-world talents to take charge of Four Seas Bank. He wanted to put an end to the rough and primitive operating mode and change toward a more systematic and fine form of management.

The professionals stationed in Shanhai City were all talents in theoretical research and science. None of them were financial experts, and they had no experience in any bank or financial institution.

The Song Family had these sorts of talents, but in order to avoid arousing suspicion, both Song Jia and Ouyang Shuo consciously avoided the topic. They did not think of asking the Song Family to help.

However, as time went by, this matter had become a troubling issue for Ouyang Shuo. Song Jia knew of it very well. Therefore, after she learned of the background of Meng Feifei’s father, she rushed down the mountain without a second delay.

Ouyang Shuo was gratified, he nodded and smiled, “The one that knows me the best is my wife.”

“You are saying random things again.” Song Jia felt a little helpless, but affection filled her eyes. The fact that she could help out Ouyang Shuo made her very happy.

After Song Jia returned to the sword sect, Ouyang Shuo sent someone to invite Meng Zhida over to the Lord’s Manor.

This invitation surprised Meng Zhida. Although he knew that Shanhai’s lord was his daughter’s old schoolmate, the thought of asking for a job had never once crossed his mind. Rather, he had prepared himself to pension off in Shanhai City.

Ouyang Shuo welcomed Meng Zhida in the hall.

Meng Zhida, 45 years of age, was at the prime time of his life. The long-term work experience at the elite level gave him an unique internal temperament and charismatic personality, a man of calm and passionate, persistent yet elegant.

This was the first time Ouyang Shuo had met Meng Zhida. Immediately, he had a very good impression of the man that stood before him—a financial elite that could command the wind and the clouds in the real world. He smiled and said, “Uncle Meng, have you grown accustomed to life in Shanhai City yet? Forgive me if there was any bad receptions.”

To the players, Ouyang Shuo would not usually put on airs. Not to mention that Meng Zhida was Meng Feifei’s father, an elder of Ouyang Shuo.

Meng Zhida looked at Ouyang Shuo with deep feelings.

The young man that stood before him was of the same age as his daughter, yet their achievements were as far apart as heaven and earth. At such a young age, he climbed up the ladder and made himself the world’s greatest lord without any big background or support. His every action and every move brought about wind and clouds, stirring storms and rains—truly a young overlord. The more commendable factor was that his success did not blind him. He did not turn into an arrogant man. Instead, he remained modest and polite, which was really amazing.

“The reception was great. I still have to thank you for taking care of Feifei.” Meng Zhida smiled.

The two started with casual talk. Other than daily life topics, Ouyang Shuo also asked Meng Zhida for advice regarding economic issues and also the management and operation of the bank.

As they chatted, Ouyang Shuo realized that Meng Zhida was indeed extraordinary. He had his own unique insights regarding economic and financial issues. His words and advice could easily clear away the bafflements in Ouyang Shuo’s head.

Ouyang Shuo did not hesitate anymore. He was determined and said, “I would like to let uncle handle the headquarters of the Four Seas Bank. Are you willing to help me?”

His heart skipped a beat. Although he knew that Ouyang Shuo had the intention to offer him an official’s job, he didn’t expect for Ouyang Shuo to offer him such an important position.

He had not arrived in Shanhai City for long, but his occupational habits gave him some understandings of the Four Seas Bank of Shanhai City. In addition, through the conversation they had and Ouyang Shuo’s seemingly unintentional disclosure, he could see the bigger picture clearer. The Four Seas Bank played an important role within the system of Shanhai City.

For Ouyang Shuo to offer him such an important role during their first meeting, Meng Zhida was at a lost for words. He didn’t know how to evaluate this young overlord. Was he capricious and reckless, or was it simply great confidence? It was hard to tell.

However, in terms of his personal wishes, taking charge of Four Seas Bank was way better than pensioning off in Shanhai City. As an experienced senior banker, the chance to oversee an ancient bank and implement modern ideology into it was very attractive and meaningful.

Not to mention that if he handled the Four Seas Bank well, he could improve his family's living conditions in the game. It could also benefit the evaluation of his achievement values.

Meng Zhida gazed Ouyang Shuo in the eyes, calm and steadily he said, “I am honored to have your trust, and I shall not decline your sincerity.” Then, he stood up, bowed, and greeted, “Greetings to the marquis!”

A simple greet and bow, yet it changed their status forever.

Ouyang Shuo was flustered. He quickly stood up and avoided the bow, as words came out of his mouth, “There isn’t a need for uncle to act like this.”

Meng Zhida shook his head with great determination and said, “Since I have accepted your offer, I am now your subordinate. I must not break the rules and customs.” After he finished these words, he solemnly bowed and greeted Ouyang Shuo again.

Ouyang Shuo was helpless. He could only slant his body and accept Meng Zhida’s bow.

Meng Zhida was the first player to hold such an important position within Shanhai City’s administrative system; it was an history making event. The professional expert group members were only advisors, so they were fundamentally different from Meng Zhida.

Therefore, Meng Zhida clearly knew the impact his appointment as an official would bring to the other players. There was also another reason why he insisted on keeping the customs. He did so in order to protect and maintain the authority of Ouyang Shuo as the Lianzhou Marquis, the lord of Shanhai.

If he relied on his status as Ouyang Shuo’s elder and wantonly sabotaged the rules and customs of officialdom, his colleague and the other officials would surely crowd him out. It would make it difficult for him to integrate into the officials. Hence, in time he would definitely be taken off of his position by Ouyang Shuo even if Ouyang Shuo wasn’t too willing to.

Ouyang Shuo clearly knew the current situation deep down in his heart. Things would not turn and revolve around his personal will.

While he was the one building the bureaucracy system, yet it also bound him. He couldn’t compromise the rules and customs of the officialdom. In short, he couldn’t arbitrarily act on his own free will anymore.

Before, these matters were all hidden in the dark. However, Meng Zhida had now shone a bright light on it and revealed the truth.

However, Ouyang Shuo did not foresee that his appointment of the manager of the Four Seas Bank today would bring the bank to the world stage, where its name will spread across the oceans.



* * *





Chapter 251




Chapter 251: TWO Chapter 251 - Moon Island Naval Battle (Part 1

Chapter 251 - Moon Island Naval Battle (Part 1)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

October 22th, Ouyang Shuo arrived at Beihai City again.

This time, none of his guards could be seen; only Director Ge followed him.

In Beihai Port, the Beihai navy fleet were ready. Every Meng Chong warship was fully refurbished. Ouyang Shuo took out a bag of military grain pills and distributed them to every warship.

The sailors transported bundles of arrows, barrels of water, and alchemical oil to the warships.

One by one, the warships sails rose, along with the Shanhai City lord’s flag and also the flags of the Beihai navy fleet. The flag of the Beihai navy fleet, which also acted as the Shanhai City navy flag, was modified from the lord’s flag. The volcano was changed into a five-level tower warship and a blue dragon soared above it instead of a golden one.

Before they departed, Ouyang Shuo led the fleet and prayed to Mazu. He hoped that the whole expedition would go smooth and sound.

After the prayers, the fleet stayed in the attack formation, and they officially departed from the port.

Due to the lack of tower warships, Beihai navy fleet could only select a Meng Chong warship as their flagship, and it sailed in the middle of the formation.

Under Pei Donglai’s accompaniment, Ouyang Shuo boarded the flagship. Before this, Ouyang Shuo had stated that the authority to command the naval battle laid in Pei Donglai’s hands. He had stated he would not intervene in it.

Paddles powered the Meng Chong warships, and a half-body high parapet wall protected both sides of the ship. There were slots for the paddles under each of the two bulwarks and twelve paddles on each side. The sailors rowed on the deck.

The deck had 3 levels of cabins, within each had 5 feet of canopy. On the first floor of the cabin was another parapet wall. Navy flags were on the four sides of the ships and the commanding war drums and flags were situated at the middle of the first floor.

Ouyang Shuo walked onto the deck. Then, he went to the first floor of the cabin and finally stopped at the command seat. Pei Donglai waved the command flag. When the drummer saw the signal, he played the drums. In the thrilling rhythmic beats, the fleet sailed on the mighty ocean.

Moon Island was over 500 nautical miles away from Beihai Port, about 925-kilometers. Meng Chong warship sailed at a speed of 14 knots—14-nautical miles per an hour. When the wind blew in its favor, it could even sail at a speed of 20 knots.

Sailing in the sea would not stop regardless of day and night, the only difference was that they sailed slower during the night.

Under normal circumstances, Meng Chong warships could sail 300-nautical miles a day. Therefore, it would only take less than two days for them to reach Moon Island.

Ouyang Shuo stood in the front of the ship bow and gazed at the endless ocean. As far as his eyes could reach, he saw nothing but seawaters—plain and dull. The sea breeze blew on his face and brought about a salty wet taste.

On the deck, the sailors sang in unison, as they paddled in hard work.

“Marquis, you should return to the cabin and rest!” Pei Donglai said.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and returned to his room. Then, he shut the door and practiced his techniques.

When the night fell, strong gusts of wind blew on the sea. At times like this, the prayers from Mazu temple, [Sea God’s Blessings] came in handy. The Meng Chong warships sailed steadily on the turbulent sea waves and advanced toward Moon Island.

Morning, the next day, Ouyan

g Shuo exited his room.

The sea shimmered in the sunlight, as the reddish-orange bright sun slowly rose above the sea level.

Thanks to the strong gust of wind yesterday night, sailing had gone particularly smoothly. According to Pei Donglai’s estimation, they would arrive at Moon Island by tomorrow afternoon at the latest.

The navy soldiers woke up one by one and a simple brush up, they consumed the freshwater and military grain pills to ensure they had the required energy consumption for the day.

The experienced soldiers took advantage of the extra time and began to wipe their weapons. The archer checked the adjustments of their bows, while the sentry stood on the summit of the cabins, as they kept a close watch on every change on the sea.

They took alchemical oil and arrows onto the deck. The soldiers stood in their positions, ready for war.

It was nearly afternoon when an island appeared in the sights of the sentry. Without any further delay, he waved the signal flag and passed the message to the drummer.

The drum had woken up the fighting spirit in Pei Donglai, and he immediately ordered the fleet to stay in the attack formation and charged forward.

The Beihai navy fleet’s appearance stunned the Black Shark pirates. Fortunately, they did not leave for another round of looting today, so all of them were on the island.

As soon as the ringleader of the Black Shark pirates, Black Beard, received the news, he instantly gathered his men to prepared for war.

Suddenly, the little Moon Island turned chaotic.

During their free time, a pirate’s life was immensely boring. They had no entertainment options other than the only tavern on the island.

The old and shabby tavern was open twenty-four seven, and the customers would enter like an endless stream. Those drunken pirates laid down and slept right on the wet tavern floor.

“Bang!” A man ruthlessly kicked open the tavern door.

The group leader saw the pirates asleep on the floor. Wordlessly, he ordered his men to pour cold water on these drunken fellas. Then, he shouted, “Damn you brats! Get up! We are under attack!”

“Ahhh?!” the pirates shouted. They hadn’t fully regained their conscious yet, and one of them mumbled, “We are under attack! Under attack!”

The drunken pirate’s shitty state enraged the group leader, so he started to kick the fellow. Then, he furiously shouted, “Get up and follow me, stop behaving like a sissy!”

The pain shook the drunken pirate conscious. He helped himself up from the floor and followed the back of his group leader, while walking he asked, “Leader, who is attacking us?”

“It doesn’t matter who, just kill.” In truth, the group leader didn’t know the answer either.

“Right, who dares to play with the Black Shark pirates? Are they courting death?” A drunk man was truly full of courage.

Scenes like this had started to occur around the island, as the group leaders rushed out in search of their members before they gathered to the dock.

On the dock, Black Beard was aboard the flagship, as he listened to the latest reports from the scouts.

“Great leader, their raised flag is that of Shanhai City’s.”

A frown crawled across his face, “How many warships do they have?”

“A total of 25, all Meng Chong warships.” Clearly, the pirates had a level of understanding in regards to the navy fleet of Beihai.

“They come with ill intentions.” Of course, he knew the capabilities of these warships.

“Then, what do we do?”

“What? Just kill them!” Black Beard said in heavy killing intentions.

“Prepare for battle, as this is a war that we cannot afford to lose. Tell the brothers to fight with their lives if they don’t want their island to be eradicated!” Black Beard proclaimed.

“Understood!”

Under the command of Pei Donglai, the Behai navy warships spread out and pushed forward in a fan-like formation. No matter how the pirates arranged their formations, they would still remain within the fire range of the Meng Chong warships.

On the sides of the boat stood countless little torches.

The archers dipped the arrowheads in alchemical fire. Then, they lighted the arrows to form fire arrows.

Pei Donglai watched closely, as the pirate ships approached. Once they entered the fire coverage area, he waved his command flag.

An order was given and the rhythmic drums beats sounded out in unison.

A volley of fire arrows shot into the sky, the scene like stars in bright daylight.

The fire arrows accurately struck the pirate ships and set them on fire.

Black Beard panicked. Quickly, he ordered the men to put out the fires.

But it was too late, volley after volley of fire arrows formed a dense net that rained down onto the pirates. Although the pirate ships were prepared against fire, but it was useless against the endless fire arrows.

The fire arrows struck the sails and set them ablaze; they hit the cabin and the cabin followed the footsteps of the sails; they impacted the deck, which started to produce smoke. If an arrow struck a pirate, they could only blame their bad luck.

When the pirates around them saw the unlucky fellows that ran around the deck, they would avoid them like the plague. In the end, the burning pirates could only jump into the sea to save their own lives.

Ship after ship, all ablazed. The smoke from the fire rose into the sky and formed a simply breathtaking scene.

The fire occupied the pirates, as they tried to put the blazes out. They couldn’t even defend themselves, or for that matter counterattack. It only led to one end, the addition of their demise.

Amidst the flames, the pirates began to dive into the sea to escape.

Black Beard was on a skiff, as he tried his best to paddle to the beach. The naval battle was over the moment they clashed. His only hope was to form a defensive line and push back the intruders on the island.

However, Pei Donglai knew that although the pirate ships were now groaning in the fires, a large number of pirates remained safe in the sea, as they tried hard to swim toward the island.

Decisively, he commanded the archers to switch to ordinary arrows and direct their weapons from the ships to the pirates in the sea.

Without the need to dip the arrows in the alchemical oil, the shooting rate of the arrows doubled, and the arrows rained heavier onto the pirates.

Due to the fact that the pirates were in the sea, only half of their heads were visible. As such, the archers couldn’t aim and target them precisely. Hence, the archers chose to rain down arrows on them, covering a large area. This lacked accuracy but helped in suppressing the pirates.

The arrows shot past the sky and flew down to the sea at lightning speed, stirring the sea into a mix of chaos and blood. Every pool of blood denoted the death of a pirate.

It was simply impossible for a pirate to survive if he got shot in the sea. If they were shot, even if it was not a major injury, the bleeding would still exhaust them. Eventually, they would drown in the sea.

Pool after pool of blood floated on the territorial waters. Slowly, they formed a bloody red sea in the area. Bodies of the pirates floated on the sea, which told the tale of endless desolation.

The pirate ships groaned in the burning flames. One by one, they sank to the bottom of the ocean.

As the direct result of the sinking ships, torrents and swirls formed around them. Some unlucky pirates too near these vortexes were drawn in. Along with the ships, they were taken on a trip down to the bottomless ocean.

The naval battle went extraordinary smoothly. The alchemical oil had done a great job again.

When the Beihai navy fleet approached the pirate ships, only a few were left. These ships occasionally emitted smoke.

As an experienced navy general, Pei Donglai was cautious. He instructed the warships to keep their distance from the pirate ships to avoid the swirls. Under his command, the warships steered away from the hell that they created and pressed forward to the island.

As the Meng Chong warships made their way, some pirates screamed for help.

“Help!!” the pirates cried.

As a general of Shanhai City, Pei Donglai knew his lord’s captive policy very well. They would not kill those they could capture, and they would not decline those that surrendered.

Therefore, he ordered his men to give out ropes and salvaged the pirates on board. Of course, they would tie up the pirates with ropes.



* * *





Chapter 252




Chapter 252-253

Chapter 252 - Moon Island Naval Battle (Part 2)

Translator: TeamTWOEditor: Nora

After he salvaged the captived pirates, Pei Donglai had to face a huge issue.

Black Beard had regathered his troops that totaled at more than a thousand pirates on the dock, so how could Pei Donglai successfully dock on the island? The Beihai navy fleet wasn't like the marines in the real world, which could commence amphibious operations.

In the end, Pei Donglai came up with a stubborn idea. He ordered the 1st unit to dock on the island, and the other four units remained in the fan-like formation. These units provided cover fire to suppress the pirates.

Black Beard saw the warship, as it prepared to dock. In response, he quickly ordered the pirates to stop them.

Right at this moment, a wave of arrows rained on the path of the pirates and stopped them in their tracks. The pirates hesitated, unsure if they should move.

The Behai navy fleet's actions infuriated Black Beard. He continually scolded them. What incredibly shameless intruders!

"Charge, move! Or we all die!"

Under his command, the pirates rushed toward the rain of arrows. Every second, the archers would shoot down a pirate, which left some injured, while some directly died.

The pirates on the shore escaped death after the enemy set their ships ablaze. Finally, they jumped into the sea to save their lives, but now, they had to face death itself again. Naturally, they felt reluctant.

As the casualties increased, some of the pirates couldn't take it anymore. Instead of charging forward, they secretly fell back and escaped. They tried to run away from the rain of arrows.

When some people took the lead, others would follow the trend. Humans were afraid of death, and pirates were no exceptions. Therefore, the pirates hadn't even made it halfway toward the 1st unit before more than half of them retreated.

The Beihai navy 1st unit took advantage of the situation to dock at the island and establish a defense line.

At this moment, Black Beard knew that no course of action could stop the Beihai navy anymore. Even if they continued to charge forward, they would not stop the intruders.

"Retreat!" Black Beard said wryly.

This order made the pirates overjoyed. They dispersed and ran away faster than rabbits.

Ouyang Shuo stood on the flagship. He shook his head, as he saw the opponent's powerless state.

Just like this, the Beihai navy fleet successfully docked at the island and commenced a round of extermination of the pirates that remained.

At this time, the pirates all ran for the own lives and weren't even organized.

In order to prevent anyone from slipping through the net, Pei Donglai arranged the 4th and 5th units to stay in the Meng Chong warships and patrol the island waters. This action completely blocked off the pirates' escape routes.

Moon Island was only 50-square kilometers, so it wasn't really a good place to hide.

Pei Donglai tacitly implemented Ouyang Shuo's captive policy. The sailors shouted and called for the pirates to surrender themselves. If they did, they would be spared. Otherwise, if the pirates decided to ignore the message and run, the navy would exterminate them without mercy.

The threat was effective.

One by one, the pirates exited their hiding holes and held both of their hands in surrender. Only Black Beard and a few of his stubborn subordinates were still on the run.

To the diehard pirate members, Pei Donglai showed no mercy. He had the soldiers of the 1st unit spread out in search of them. Once found, they would exterminate these pirates on the spot.

The extermination lasted for the whole afternoon.

Then, Pei Donglai accompanied Ouyang Shuo to inspect the island.

The Black Sharks had good looting skills. In exchange, they had trash building skills.

The whole pirate camp didn't even have a fence; they had left it wide open. They could count the buildings on the island on one hand.

The pirates only actually paid attention to their dock.

A narrow, bumpy, and damp dirt road weaved down the marina. Ouyang Shuo carefully watched his feet as he walked. He did not want to step into the puddles.

Wooden houses were scattered across both sides of the dirt road. The houses were rudimentary and rough, as if the pirates had simply built them from a few pieces of wood.

Ouyang Shuo felt doubtful about whether such a wooden house could shelter the owner during rainy or sunny days.

They had no decent courtyards outside the log houses. There were not any domestic animals or vegetables either. A few dilapidated clothes hung under the eaves, floating and dangling in the wind.

Occasionally, he found some dried fishes in some of the houses. These were the homes of the more diligent pirates.

In terms of fields, they had basically not reclaimed any land. They only had purely barren land that lacked plantations. Only the wild green bristlegrass told the

visitors a certain decadence.

Clearly, the pirates simply did not produce any crops . They lack the ability to self-sustain and completely depended on stolen supplies.

After they continued inward, they suddenly came across a small pond in the middle of the island. Ouyang Shuo observed it and estimated that the pond had a size of less than 500-square meters. It should be the island's only source of freshwater.

For this reason, the pirates regarded this pond as their most important asset and protected it very closely.

The pirates had built a circle of buildings around the pond. These were all wooden structures and looked more solid than the wooden houses on the outer ring; this should be the core area of the pirates. The most popular pirate tavern was one of these buildings.

The only courtyard in the highest place looked very conspicuous within the group of wooden houses.

Needless to say, this must have been the abode of the great leader of the pirates.

Along the way, Ouyang Shuo had lost interest in the other buildings. He headed straight for the courtyard.

Even after they had walked to the core area of the island, the roads along the way had not improved, still bumpy and full of potholes. On both sides of the road, the lively wild green bristlegrass swung in the breezes of wind.

The soldiers had cleaned up these buildings of pirates first.

Therefore, when Ouyang Shuo arrived, there wasn't a single pirate in sight. He only saw the soldiers of the Beihai navy fleet. On the ground, he could occasionally see some traces of blood and fighting.

The guard on duty saw Ouyang Shuo and immediately saluted.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and walked through the door.

The soldier had not expected any response from the great marquis, so this small gesture warmed his heart.

Ouyang Shuo raised his head and observed the island's most advanced building.

A simple, small courtyard laid before him. It touches on Ouyang Shuo's memories. He thought back to when Shanhai Village was originally built. At that time, the Lord's Manor and the courtyard were very similar.

Ouyang Shuo arrived at the Council Chamber and began to patiently wait for the latest information the scouts had gathered.

5 PM in the afternoon, Pei Dong gathered all the information and reported to Ouyang Shuo.

After Ouyang Shuo gestured, Pei Dong entered and sat down on the lower portion of the chamber. He said, "Reporting to the marquis, the campaign has gone much smoother than imagined. Our fleet had almost no casualties. We only lost 150 men."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. The progress of this war had indeed gone beyond his expectations.

"This campaign has captured a total of more than 1,650 pirates. We exterminated all the remaining pirates. We basically either burned all the pirate ships into ashes or sank the into the sea. Only five or six ships survived, we have towed them back to the dock. "Pei Donglai continued, "Through the seizure of the storage houses and the pirate homes, we have plundered 12,500 gold and a box of jewelry. The seized weapons, equipment, and foodstuffs are relatively scarce. They did not store these in large quantities."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. He had also expected this situation. The pirates relied on loot for a living. At times of food shortage, they would just go hunt, so they would definitely not store much food.

On the contrary, the pirates had backlogged all the gold and jewels they had plundered and scavenged because of a lack of selling channels. For this reason, the pirate group of more than 3,000 people held a fortune of over 10,000 gold.

"Take 500 gold from the seized funds and reward it to the soldiers," said Ouyang Shuo.

No one knew when it began, but Ouyang Shuo started to reward the soldiers according to their performances. He did this to encourage the soldiers to fight bravely.

"Thank you, lord!" Pei Donglai represented the fleet and thanked Ouyang Shuo.

"Did we plunder anything special?" Ouyang Shuo asked. By 'special,' Ouyang Shuo referred to special-level items. In general, there was a great probability of obtaining some weird items from the loots of the pirates.

"Yes, there is." Pei Donglai did not disappoint.

The soldiers outside dragged in a box of jewelry and gold, and everything else they had plundered from the pirates. They left it on the ground so that Ouyang Shuo could inspect the items.

Ouyang Shuo stood up. Other than setting aside 500 gold, he kept the other goods in his storage bag. The packed chamber once again became empty. He had only left two goods on the ground, a stone and a picture.

Ouyang Shuo picked up the black stone and inspected it. The rock was medium-sized, about the size of two fists in total. It felt heavy when one picked it up in their palm.

[Meteorite fine iron] (Platinum) : Godly stone fallen from the skies, rare forging material.

The stone had simple properties, but it stirred a great storm of excitement in Ouyang

Ouyang Shuo's heart. Platinum-level forging materials, Ouyang Shuo could see his personal exclusive weapon waving at him.

This meteorite fine iron alone made Ouyang Shuo feel that this trip was worthwhile.

Ouyang Shuo guessed that the only reason Black Beard did not forge this meteorite fine iron was because he couldn't find himself a decent blacksmith. Only a master blacksmith could make use of this rare ore and turn it into great use.

Carefully, he placed the meteorite fine iron into his storage bag before he picked up the picture.

Beihai Bay Treasure Map (1/3) : According to the legends, Beihai Bay once gave birth to a very famous pirate, Blood Slaughterer. After the death of Blood Slaughterer, his tremendous fortune gained from looting also disappeared.

Rumors said that before his death, Blood Slaughterer had hidden his fortunes on a deserted island. He jotted down the position of the island onto a map and split it into three. He gave one piece each to his three trusted subordinates.

After his death, his three subordinates tried to snatch the other two parts of the map from their former brother-in-arms. Day after day, year after year, the infighting eventually led to the fall of the famous group of Blood Slaughterer pirates. In the end, none of them could defeat each other, and they all died in depression. They left behind the treasure map pieces to their heirs.

Hundreds of years later, the treasure map pieces shifted from one hand to another, which caused countless tremendous tragedies over the years.

Regrettably, not a single person could gather all three treasure map pieces and find the treasures of Blood Slaughterer. As time went by, another rumor sparked, which said that the treasure maps were only Blood Slaughterer's wicked ploy to provoke a war between the pirates. Such a conjecture was reasonable given Blood Slaughterer's personality as a maniac killer.

Slowly and gradually, the truth behind the treasure map sank deep into the river of history. No one even believed the rumors of Blood Slaughterer anymore, and the treasure map pieces became items of collections. No one ever fought for it.

Chapter 253 - Navy Base

Translator: TeamTWOEditor: Nora

Ouyang Shuo placed the Beihai Bay Treasure Map into a random location in his storage bag. It would take countless days and nights to gather all the parts of a map like this. He might not even gather all the parts before the game ends.

After he looked through the plundered goods, Ouyang Shuo sat back in his seat. Then, he turned to look at Pei Donglai and asked, "General Pei, what is your opinion on the next course of action regarding Moon Island?"

This question wasn't meant to make things difficult for Pei Donglai. As the commander of the Beihai navy fleet, he needed to be a proficient leader in battle and had to handle the affairs and logistics behind in the base.

Pei Donglai pondered for a moment before he answered, "The facilities here are primitive and simple, but we can salvage the dock and use it as a supply replenishment station in the future."

Pei Donglai understood why the lord established the navy fleet. It wasn't only to exterminate the pirates. His lord had a greater vision and place in mind for the Beihai navy fleet. Regardless, if the fleet wanted to sail deep into the middle of the ocean and dominate the seas, supply replenishments was an issue that they couldn't avoid. Ships sail day and night, so a lack of supply replenishment stations would greatly challenge the sailors and the logistics members.

Ouyang Shuo nodded, but he shook his head moments later.

"What does the lord mean?" Pei Donglai felt anxious.

"The supply replenishment stations are a must." First, Ouyang Shuo confirmed Pei Donglai's point of view. Then, he said, "But, that is far not enough. Moon Island is small but robust. The conditions here are consummate and there are sufficient sources of fresh water. Therefore, we can change Moon Island into a small navy base."

As a supply replenishment station, Moon Island had to contain a large storage of resources. In turn, they needed to station a team of guards on the island to protect the resources.

Hence, Ouyang Shuo would rather settle everything once and for all. He would make a round of major changes to the island.

"I have a few specific requirements. You will talk to Xiuwen regarding the details on how to make it happen. The Construction Division of Beihai County will complete it," Ouyang Shuo said, "First, upgrade the dock into a port. Not only will it act as the docking

the docking place for the warships, but the navy can also repair and maintain warships there.

"Second, demolish every building on the island and rebuild them systematically. The core of this island will take the role of a military fortress. It will act as the base of the island guards, and the storage place for the resources. The reason for a military fortress is to shrink the defensive force. Moreover, it will not take up a lot of the island's land. Woodworking workshop, blacksmithy, weapons workshop, and the other building structures will be built inside of the fortress, forming a relatively enclosed fort.

"Third, land reclamation. You need to make use of the land outside of the military fortress. Plant some vegetables and crops so that the island can be self-sustainable. I have estimated that we can reclaim at least 500,000 mu of land on Moon Island.

"Once we reach such a scale, the island can achieve self-sustainability but also supply externally. There will be no more need to transport food and resources to Moon Island from Beihai County.

"Lastly, the retransformation of the pond. In order to grow crops on a large scale, we need sufficient irrigation water. Therefore, there is a need to expand the pond to at least five to ten times the scale of the existing one. Eventually, we will turn the pond into an island lake or a small reservoir."

Ouyang Shuo told Pei Donglai his plan based on his observation of the island this afternoon. In the future, Moon Island would become a mixture of military fort, port, reservoir, and farmland. When combined together, it would form a strong and powerful navy base.

After they completed the Moon Island navy base, it would become the 'Midway Island' where the fleet enters the deep sea.

The layout of Ouyang Shuo's great plans excited Pei Donglai. He said respectfully, "May the lord be at ease. I will coordinate with Beihai County and complete the transformation of Moon Island as soon as possible."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, "Then, I will pass it to the general. When the navy base is established, I will visit Moon Island again. Together, we will celebrate your accomplishment."

"Yes, my lord!" Pei Donglai was indeed in great excitement.

After the discussion, Ouyang Shuo stayed on the island for one night.

Morning of the next day, the Beihai navy fleet departed for home. They left behind the navy 1st unit to guard Moon Island. As for the captived pirates, they brought them all back to Beihai County.

Moon Island held a significant spot in Ouyang Shuo's strategy, so he did not trust the placement of these pirates on the island.

October 25th, afternoon, Beihai navy fleet returned to Beihai Port.

After Ouyang Shuo left the port, he intentionally went into the county and had a small talk with magistrate Gu Xiuwen. He explained the navy base construction work required on Moon Island.

On the night of the same day, Ouyang Shuo returned to the Lord's Manor.

After he returned, Ouyang Shuo took out the box of jewelry and passed it to Zi Su, who would store it in the internal storehouse. This was Ouyang Shuo's third box of jewelry.

Ouyang Shuo wasn't a stingy man. He rewarded Song Jia, Sun Xiaoyue, Yingyu, Qing'er, the two sisters, even Zi Su and Si Qin the servant maids. He gave all of them jewelry.

Next day morning, Ouyang Shuo accompanied Bing'er for breakfast. After that, he immediately rushed to the Armory Division in the east district and looked for master blacksmith Wang Gao.

"Greetings to the lord!" Wang Gao bowed and greeted.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. Then, he took out the [Meteorite Fine Iron] and placed it on the table. He smiled, "Can you recognize this item?"

The moment Wang Gao laid his sights on the black dull stone, his eyes couldn't even shift away from it anymore. It was like a spell had been cast upon him. He could not move an inch of his body. Moments later, he stood up and helped himself to the side of the table. Slowly his hands lifted up the stone. Then, he touched and caressed the [Meteorite Fine Iron]. He treated it like a peerless treasure; he mumbled, "Thi...this…this is.....is this the legendary godly stone from the skies?!"

Ouyang Shuo hadn't expected any of this. He did not think that the unruly Wang Gao would have such a deeply emotional moment. He nodded and said with a smile, "Indeed, this is the godly stone fallen from the skies."

Honestly, Ouyang Shuo had hesitated yesterday night, unsure if he should hand the [Meteorite Fine Iron] over to Wang Gao. It would be better to hand such a rare forging material to a higher level blacksmith for simply more assurance.

In the game, the royals had either taken in the God-level blacksmiths as imperial craftsmen, or they would wander around like ghosts in the shadows. A normal person could not reach them. These experts drifted around the land with noland with no fixed abode, it would require great luck to encounter one.

Furthermore, although he considered the platinum-level [Meteorite Fine Iron] as a rare forging material, it was merely nothing but an item in the eyes of God-level blacksmiths. Hence, Ouyang Shuo ended his whimsical thoughts of asking for the help of a God-level blacksmith.

If he took a step back, at least he could find himself a grandmaster blacksmith to forge the legendary stone.

If he could not reach the God-level blacksmiths, he could still find the grandmaster blacksmiths in the system capital cities. If he handed the stone to them, Ouyang Shuo can rest assured that they would forge a platinum-level weapon.

But Ouyang Shuo gave up this alluring prospect. The most important consideration was that he hoped for Wang Gao to take this opportunity to breakthrough to the grandmaster level. At the very least, Ouyang Shuo wanted him to improve his blacksmith experience. This way, he could lay down the foundation for a future promotion to the grandmaster level.

After all, he wasn't only an officer, but also the lord of Shanhai. He must make decisions based on the territory's interests. If the territory gave birth to a grandmaster blacksmith, it could bring limitless benefits.

After he received the confirmation, Wang Gao's eyes brightened up. He couldn't wait to work on the [Meteorite Fine Iron]. Suddenly, he thought of why the lord would come here. A flash of thought crossed his mind, and his heart skipped a beat.

Sure enough, Ouyang Shuo said placidly, "I plan to forge a spear from this [Meteorite Fine Iron]. Do you have any confidence?"

Although he had mentally prepared himself, reality still shook Wang Gao's calm heart again. Excitement filled him, and he stammered, "Lor .. Lord, do you have a… any specific requests about th… the spear?"

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, "About this spear, I will use it as my main weapon. Forge the spearhead from the [Meteorite Fine Iron], and use normal iron for the body of the spear. How is that?"

Wang Gao sized up the [Meteorite Fine Iron] with his eyes and nodded, "More than enough."

"Good. Then, I'll wait for your good news." Without further ado, Ouyang Shuo stood up and left.

"Yes, my lord."

After Ouyang Shuo left, Wang Gao pulled himself before the [Meteorite Fine Iron]. He scrutinized it carefully. He measured its size and quality, as he performed calculations and made blueprints in his mind. He was on his way to forge the spear.

Wang Gao knew very well himself the difficulty of forging this spear and the significance it carried. Hence, he did not dare to act reckless. He was determined to only act at his peak form so that he could forge the best spear. He would not disappoint the great lord.

Late in the 10th month, the farmers started to harvest crops all over the territory.

Naturally, the main production area was Qiushui County. Forty thousand mu of paddy fields, the preliminary estimations suggested that it would yield 120 million units of grain.

With such an enormous quantity of grain production, the agricultural tax alone would contribute a total of four million units of paddies. Then, these units would be supplied to the military, enough to sustain the twenty thousand soldiers for three months.

Other than Qiushui County, Friendship County, Tianfeng County, Yishui County, Gushan County, Yongye Town, and Guangshui Town, and the main base—Shanhai County would all yield their own crops too.

According to the estimations from the Agricultural Division, the total crops yield of all the territories would add up to 200 million units during the second season harvesting.

There were still a full eight months until the first season of paddy harvesting in the next year, 7th month.

However, based on the expansion rate and the population growth of Shanhai County, in addition to the consumptions of the Three Flower Winery and the military factory, Ouyang Shuo estimated that Shanhai County would still need to purchase 20 million units of paddy from the market to adequately supply the entire territory.

Food was always the most strategic resource.

The price of grain had dropped in the market, as they harvested the paddy fields. After the previous food crisis, all of the lords had learned the importance of food the hard way.

The moment they harvested the paddies, all of the lords followed the same actions as Ouyang Shuo. They counted the food stocks they had in barns and calculated their territory's consumption in the next eight months. In the end, they found an insufficiency in their food stocks.

Without a doubt, the food stocks of most of the territories did not allow them to become self-sufficient. They had to purchase some from the market to fill in their lack of food stocks.

Hence, even if the price of grain had fallen, the days where a unit of grain cost 10 copper was gone forever.



* * *





Chapter 253




Chapter 253: TWO Chapter 253 - Navy Base

Chapter 253 - Navy Base

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

Ouyang Shuo placed the Beihai Bay Treasure Map into a random location in his storage bag. It would take countless days and nights to gather all the parts of a map like this. He might not even gather all the parts before the game ends.

After he looked through the plundered goods, Ouyang Shuo sat back in his seat. Then, he turned to look at Pei Donglai and asked, “General Pei, what is your opinion on the next course of action regarding Moon Island?”

This question wasn’t meant to make things difficult for Pei Donglai. As the commander of the Beihai navy fleet, he needed to be a proficient leader in battle and had to handle the affairs and logistics behind in the base.

Pei Donglai pondered for a moment before he answered, “The facilities here are primitive and simple, but we can salvage the dock and use it as a supply replenishment station in the future.”

Pei Donglai understood why the lord established the navy fleet. It wasn’t only to exterminate the pirates. His lord had a greater vision and place in mind for the Beihai navy fleet. Regardless, if the fleet wanted to sail deep into the middle of the ocean and dominate the seas, supply replenishments was an issue that they couldn’t avoid. Ships sail day and night, so a lack of supply replenishment stations would greatly challenge the sailors and the logistics members.

Ouyang Shuo nodded, but he shook his head moments later.

“What does the lord mean?” Pei Donglai felt anxious.

“The supply replenishment stations are a must.” First, Ouyang Shuo confirmed Pei Donglai’s point of view. Then, he said, “But, that is far not enough. Moon Island is small but robust. The conditions here are consummate and there are sufficient sources of fresh water. Therefore, we can change Moon Island into a small navy base.”

As a supply replenishment station, Moon Island had to contain a large storage of resources. In turn, they needed to station a team of guards on the island to protect the resources.

Hence, Ouyang Shuo would rather settle everything once and for all. He would make a round of major changes to the island.

“I have a few specific requirements. You will talk to Xiuwen regarding the details on how to make it happen. The Construction Division of Beihai County will complete it,” Ouyang Shuo said, “First, upgrade the dock into a port. Not only will it act as the docking place for the warships, but the navy can also repair and maintain warships there.

“Second, demolish every building on the island and rebuild them systematically. The core of this island will take the role of a military fortress. It will act as the base of the island guards, and the storage place for the resources. The reason for a military fortress is to shrink the defensive force. Moreover, it will not take up a lot of the island’s land. Woodworking workshop, blacksmithy, weapons workshop, and the other building structures will be built inside of the fortress, forming a relatively enclosed fort.

“Third, land reclamation. You need to make use of the land outside of the military fortress. Plant some vegetables and crops so that the island can be self-sustainable. I have estimated that we can reclaim at least 500,000 mu of land on Moon Island.

“Once we reach such a scale, the island can achieve self-sustainability but also supply externally. There will be no more need to transport food and resources to Moon Island from Beihai County.

“Lastly, the retransformation of the pond. In order to grow crops on a large scale, we need sufficient irrigation water. Therefore, there is a need to expand the pond to at least five to ten times

the scale of the existing one. Eventually, we will turn the pond into an island lake or a small reservoir.”

Ouyang Shuo told Pei Donglai his plan based on his observation of the island this afternoon. In the future, Moon Island would become a mixture of military fort, port, reservoir, and farmland. When combined together, it would form a strong and powerful navy base.

After they completed the Moon Island navy base, it would become the ‘Midway Island’ where the fleet enters the deep sea.

The layout of Ouyang Shuo’s great plans excited Pei Donglai. He said respectfully, “May the lord be at ease. I will coordinate with Beihai County and complete the transformation of Moon Island as soon as possible.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, “Then, I will pass it to the general. When the navy base is established, I will visit Moon Island again. Together, we will celebrate your accomplishment.”

“Yes, my lord!” Pei Donglai was indeed in great excitement.

After the discussion, Ouyang Shuo stayed on the island for one night.

Morning of the next day, the Beihai navy fleet departed for home. They left behind the navy 1st unit to guard Moon Island. As for the captived pirates, they brought them all back to Beihai County.

Moon Island held a significant spot in Ouyang Shuo’s strategy, so he did not trust the placement of these pirates on the island.

October 25th, afternoon, Beihai navy fleet returned to Beihai Port.

After Ouyang Shuo left the port, he intentionally went into the county and had a small talk with magistrate Gu Xiuwen. He explained the navy base construction work required on Moon Island.

On the night of the same day, Ouyang Shuo returned to the Lord’s Manor.

After he returned, Ouyang Shuo took out the box of jewelry and passed it to Zi Su, who would store it in the internal storehouse. This was Ouyang Shuo’s third box of jewelry.

Ouyang Shuo wasn’t a stingy man. He rewarded Song Jia, Sun Xiaoyue, Yingyu, Qing’er, the two sisters, even Zi Su and Si Qin the servant maids. He gave all of them jewelry.

Next day morning, Ouyang Shuo accompanied Bing’er for breakfast. After that, he immediately rushed to the Armory Division in the east district and looked for master blacksmith Wang Gao.

“Greetings to the lord!” Wang Gao bowed and greeted.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. Then, he took out the [Meteorite Fine Iron] and placed it on the table. He smiled, “Can you recognize this item?”

The moment Wang Gao laid his sights on the black dull stone, his eyes couldn’t even shift away from it anymore. It was like a spell had been cast upon him. He could not move an inch of his body. Moments later, he stood up and helped himself to the side of the table. Slowly his hands lifted up the stone. Then, he touched and caressed the [Meteorite Fine Iron]. He treated it like a peerless treasure; he mumbled, “Thi...this…this is.....is this the legendary godly stone from the skies?!”

Ouyang Shuo hadn’t expected any of this. He did not think that the unruly Wang Gao would have such a deeply emotional moment. He nodded and said with a smile, “Indeed, this is the godly stone fallen from the skies.”

Honestly, Ouyang Shuo had hesitated yesterday night, unsure if he should hand the [Meteorite Fine Iron] over to Wang Gao. It would be better to hand such a rare forging material to a higher level blacksmith for simply more assurance.

In the game, the royals had either taken in the God-level blacksmiths as imperial craftsmen, or they would wander around like ghosts in the shadows. A normal person could not reach them. These experts drifted around the land with no fixed abode, it would require great luck to encounter one.

Furthermore, although he considered the platinum-level [Meteorite Fine Iron] as a rare forging material, it was merely nothing but an item in the eyes of God-level blacksmiths. Hence, Ouyang Shuo ended his whimsical thoughts of asking for the help of a God-level blacksmith.

If he took a step back, at least he could find himself a grandmaster blacksmith to forge the legendary stone.

If he could not reach the God-level blacksmiths, he could still find the grandmaster blacksmiths in the system capital cities. If he handed the stone to them, Ouyang Shuo can rest assured that they would forge a platinum-level weapon.

But Ouyang Shuo gave up this alluring prospect. The most important consideration was that he hoped for Wang Gao to take this opportunity to breakthrough to the grandmaster level. At the very least, Ouyang Shuo wanted him to improve his blacksmith experience. This way, he could lay down the foundation for a future promotion to the grandmaster level.

After all, he wasn’t only an officer, but also the lord of Shanhai. He must make decisions based on the territory’s interests. If the territory gave birth to a grandmaster blacksmith, it could bring limitless benefits.

After he received the confirmation, Wang Gao’s eyes brightened up. He couldn’t wait to work on the [Meteorite Fine Iron]. Suddenly, he thought of why the lord would come here. A flash of thought crossed his mind, and his heart skipped a beat.

Sure enough, Ouyang Shuo said placidly, “I plan to forge a spear from this [Meteorite Fine Iron]. Do you have any confidence?”

Although he had mentally prepared himself, reality still shook Wang Gao’s calm heart again. Excitement filled him, and he stammered, “Lor .. Lord, do you have a… any specific requests about th… the spear?”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, “About this spear, I will use it as my main weapon. Forge the spearhead from the [Meteorite Fine Iron], and use normal iron for the body of the spear. How is that?”

Wang Gao sized up the [Meteorite Fine Iron] with his eyes and nodded, “More than enough.”

“Good. Then, I’ll wait for your good news.” Without further ado, Ouyang Shuo stood up and left.

“Yes, my lord.”

After Ouyang Shuo left, Wang Gao pulled himself before the [Meteorite Fine Iron]. He scrutinized it carefully. He measured its size and quality, as he performed calculations and made blueprints in his mind. He was on his way to forge the spear.

Wang Gao knew very well himself the difficulty of forging this spear and the significance it carried. Hence, he did not dare to act reckless. He was determined to only act at his peak form so that he could forge the best spear. He would not disappoint the great lord.

Late in the 10th month, the farmers started to harvest crops all over the territory.

Naturally, the main production area was Qiushui County. Forty thousand mu of paddy fields, the preliminary estimations suggested that it would yield 120 million units of grain.

With such an enormous quantity of grain production, the agricultural tax alone would contribute a total of four million units of paddies. Then, these units would be supplied to the military, enough to sustain the twenty thousand soldiers for three months.

Other than Qiushui County, Friendship County, Tianfeng County, Yishui County, Gushan County, Yongye Town, and Guangshui Town, and the main base—Shanhai County would all yield their own crops too.

According to the estimations from the Agricultural Division, the total crops yield of all the territories would add up to 200 million units during the second season harvesting.

There were still a full eight months until the first season of paddy harvesting in the next year, 7th month.

However, based on the expansion rate and the population growth of Shanhai County, in addition to the consumptions of the Three Flower Winery and the military factory, Ouyang Shuo estimated that Shanhai County would still need to purchase 20 million units of paddy from the market to adequately supply the entire territory.

Food was always the most strategic resource.

The price of grain had dropped in the market, as they harvested the paddy fields. After the previous food crisis, all of the lords had learned the importance of food the hard way.

The moment they harvested the paddies, all of the lords followed the same actions as Ouyang Shuo. They counted the food stocks they had in barns and calculated their territory’s consumption in the next eight months. In the end, they found an insufficiency in their food stocks.

Without a doubt, the food stocks of most of the territories did not allow them to become self-sufficient. They had to purchase some from the market to fill in their lack of food stocks.

Hence, even if the price of grain had fallen, the days where a unit of grain cost 10 copper was gone forever.



* * *





Chapter 254




Chapter for the day~

Chapter 254‍ - Chapter for Feb 25th.

Check out our post here that explains how bonus chapters will work this month!

Check out our friends at Godly Model Creator, a novel translated by Yorasu! Follow the tales of an esper with model analysis as his origin ability and an ultimate aim of becoming the sole ruler of Earth! Consider giving them one of your votes too if you enjoy their novel~

Enjoy!

*Ps, This is where you can get early releasing chapters Patreon

OR, alternatively, you can also,Support and vote for us if you like TWO VoteReview us on Novel Updates !

A discord server for TWO! Join us here- Discord

Contribute to the wiki here for a limited chance to get access to early chapters! Remember to join us on discord so we can contact you.



* * *





Chapter 255




Chapter 255: TWO Chapter 255 -Battle Discussion

Chapter 255 -Battle Discussion

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora



Handan County, meeting room.

“Outside of our expectations, we really managed to catch a big fish,” said Di Chen as he looked out the hall with an inexplicable expression. When he learned that Shanhai County was cooperating with Snow-War Rose, Di Chen immediately sent his envoy to get in touch with Snow-War Rose’s core members. Under the immense bombardment of gold, they finally received some news from one of the core members.

The news they received caught Di Chen off guard.

Juedai Fenghua icily sat in the room and slowly said, “Seems like we need to hasten our negotiations with Jianqi Zongheng. We cannot let Qiyue Wuyi get ahead of us again.”

Di Chen did not turn around. Instead, he placed his hands behind his back and said, “Yijian Xilai demands too much. It seems like it is not easy to manipulate this big fish.”

“According to the reports of my people, he had some emotional disputes with the master of Tingyu Floor, Jianqi Leiyin. Perhaps, we could use this as a breakthrough point to pry open Yijian Xilai’s mouth.”

“Right. Then, I’ll hand over this task to you,” Di Chen finally turned around and said in a deeply affectionate tone.

Juedai Fenghua’s beautiful eyebrows frowned, and she nodded without making any promises.

“By the way, Sha Pojun is not behaving nicely lately. He’s walking too close to Chun Shenjun,” Di Chen said as he took a sip of tea and sat down. Then, he bitterly said, “I never thought that we would do something that would jeopardize ourselves.”

Juedai Fenghua shook her and said, “Don’t worry too much. At least, through the probings of Asura, we managed to obtain first-hand information about Shanhai County’s army. As for Asura siding with Chun Shenjun, I do not think you have to worry too much.”

“Oh? Why so?”

“Chun Shenjun is a man of unfathomable depth and skepticism. Sha Pojun has followed us for a long time already. Suddenly, he decides to side with Chun Shenjun. You can’t possibly think that Chun Shenjun would trust Asura so easily, right? To him, Sha Pojun is just a chess piece on his chessboard.”

Di Chen nodded. He seemed agreed with Juedai Fenghua’s judgment.

However, Juedai Fenghua frowned again and said with worry, “Compared to Sha pojun, I am still more worried about Qiyue Wuyi. From the reports we obtained from all our sources, Shanhai County has spent the sum on those purchases.”

“Yeah,” lamented Di Chen. Then, he said bitterly, “Previously, grandfather thought that trying to sow discord between the Feng Family and Qiyue Wuyi would cut off the funds of Shanhai County. He thought it would make it impossible for them to survive the famine. Who would have thought that they would not only manage it without any losses but still have a considerable quantity of funds? God knows how he managed to gather up so much.”

When he recalled his grandfather’s angry face, Di Chen had no idea what expression or opinion to show. Ever since a young age, his grandfather had always been a humongous mountain that constrained him greatly. Unfortunately, things that could work well in reality would sometimes become incompatible in the game, which caused his grandfather to embarrass himself.

“Therefore, it seems like this coming anniversary auction will be another reign of terror. We must not let our guards down.” They already witnessed what had happened first hand during the last auction. They could never take the power of these enormous families lightly.

“Nothing we can do about it. We should probably control our spendings for the moment. No matter what, we

must use all our efforts to obtain that item.” Di Chen was left with limited choices, so he could only feel helpless. He didn’t know if he should feel lucky or unlucky to have an opponent like Qiyue Wuyi.

Ouyang Shuo’s crazy purchases also gave rise to some discussion in the Shanhai Alliance channel.

“Whoa, Boss! You have definitely kept your cards hidden well! Who would have known that Snow-War Rose is also our ally,” said Gong Chengshi in a carefree tone.

“If you guys need to cooperate with the player guilds, you can go to them.” Since he had decided to reveal this matter, Ouyang Shuo directly brought the Snow-War Rose into the Shanhai Alliance channel.

“Yeah, sure. With the help of the guild, some things will be so much easier to accomplish,” said Xunlong Dianxue.

“Heh heh, it’s all for our mutual benefits.”

“Umm…. To be honest, our Consonance County is associated with Tingyu Floor in Dali.” Bai Hua took this opportunity to reveal her hidden cards.

Since the relationship between Shanhai County and Snow-War Rose was revealed, the master of Tingyu Floor, Mingyue Zhaodajiang, immediately contacted Bai Hua. After some discussion, they decided to reveal their relationship as well.

With this, in the guild wars, Tingyu Floor and Snow-War Rose could rely on each other and prevent friendly fire. They could also efficiently compete with the other top 10 guilds.

Her news did not cause much surprise among the members of the Shanhai Alliance.

Among all the members, other than Feng Qiuhuang, all of them knew the famous name of Consonance Studio. They were known for their management of their guilds in all the games they were involved in. As a matter of course, they surely would not say goodbye to their strengths even after they switched to territory building mode. Arranging a portion of their people to form a guild was just a natural phenomenal.

“No wonder!” said Xunlong Dianxue with some hidden and unexpressed thoughts.

Bai Hua smiled. Naturally, she understood the thoughts of Xunlong Dianxue. During the famine, the Four Seas Bank had taken root in the territories of every member in Shanhai Alliance—except Consonance County.

Everyone had felt curious about how Consonance County managed to deal with the famine so easily. The revelation of their relationship with Gloriette of Breezing Wind finally gave them an answer. With the fundings of Tingyu Floor, Consonance County will definitely pull off with ease.

“Wowowowow. How come I have a feeling that we, the Shanhai Alliance, could not only dominate the lord-type players, but also the adventurer-type players?” said the smiling Gong Chengshi.

Ouyang Shuo frowned as soon as he heard Gong Chengshi’s words. He quickly said, “Don’t let your guards down and don’t grow overconfident. Also, keep it a secret, the matter of Gloriette of Breezing Wind. Keep it hidden as deeply as possible. The longer we keep it a secret, the better.” As a man who likes to hide all the cards in his sleeves, Ouyang Shuo did not like to expose his full strength to everyone.

“Yes sir, understood!”

Feng Qiuhuang did not say anything at all until everyone fully digested the news. Then, she said, “Wuyi, according to the time calculation, I’m guessing that the third battle map will open soon?”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and replied, “Indeed, based on the previous patterns, my guess is that the battle map will appear after the 100th town upgrades to a county.”

“Which means it will be open soon? Should we start our preparations earlier?”

“How are you going to prepare for it? You don’t even know the campaign scenario that will open,” asked Gong Chengshi.

Feng Qiuhuang had obviously come prepared. She said, “According to the previous patterns, after Western Zhou, it should be one of the iconic battles in the Spring and Autumn Warring States Period.”

“Not bad. There are a huge number of famous historical figures in that era.” Clearly, Xunlong Dianxue focused more on this aspect.

“Yeah, an uncountable number of them. Just thinking of this already fires me up!”

“Try and guess what battle Gaia will choose then.”

“There are too many iconic battles during the Spring and Autumn Warring States Period, especially the Warring State period, where there was an incredible amount of wars. It’s so hard to guess,” said Xunlong Dianxue.

“Although there are a lot of iconic battles during that era, if I have to pick the one that is most symbolic and significant, I think it should be the Battle of Changping,” confidently said Feng Qiuhuang.

Everyone was surprised. They calmed down after they thought about it thoroughly again. There was a great chance that things would progress in the way that Feng Qiuhuang had guessed.

“Wuyi, what do you think about it?” seeing Ouyang Shuo did not say anything, Feng Qiuhuang immediately asked him with great curiosity.

Ouyang Shuo felt startled in his heart. Of course, he knew that the third campaign scenario was the Battle of Changping—just like Feng Qiuhuang had hypothesized. It seems like the players had started to decipher the patterns Gaia always used.

With his realization, Ouyang Shuo suddenly no longer looked forward to the battle map as much as before.

“Same here. I think there is a 90% chance it will be the Battle of Changping,” said Ouyang Shuo calmly.

“The Battle of Changping. One of the fiercest and cruelest battles in the history of China. Qin and Zhao threw in more than a million elite soldiers into the battlefield. All of these elites were equally as strong as our armies, maybe even more powerful. This campaign will definitely be very difficult. Are we strong enough for it?” said Xunlong Dianxue, who was very familiar with the history.

“I don’t think we will just be cannon fodder. In this campaign, there will be more than 10,000 players. Worst comes to worst, we can still put up a fight,” Feng Qiuhuang said with great hopes.

“The fact is, as history proceeds to the Warring States, dominating the battlefield with the advantage of advanced equipment like the two previous campaigns will no longer be possible.”

“Heh heh, maybe we can’t, but Boss, you can still do it. Tang dynasty’s Mingguang Armor and Song Dynasty’s Buren Armor. Advanced armors like these still did not exist in the era of Warring States,” said Gong Chengshi.

“Yeah, Boss. When will Shanhai County start selling us armor and weaponry? Qin Qiong is bugging me every day for that equipment!” said Xunlong Dianxue.

“We are still trying our best to build up a military industrial system. The earliest would be next year,” said Ouyang Shuo with a bitter smile. He knew that these guys had not given up hope on laying their hands on the armor.

“Hey hey hey, get back to the main topic!” interjected Feng Qiuhuang eagerly when the three men started to change the topic. She added, “If our prediction is correct, the campaign will be very difficult. As such, we should get ready earlier.”

“But there is a problem. We don’t know what period Gaia will set the campaign. The Battle of Changping continued for three years. There are too many unstable elements,” said the frowning Xunlong Dianxue.

Xunlong Dianxue’s words were the truth. Even Ouyang Shuo was unclear about how Gaia simulated the system.

If it’s the period of time before the Battle of Changping, before the King of Zhao swapped out Lian Bo with Zhao Kuo, then both Qin and Zhao will be equally matched. As such, choosing Zhao will be easier to make a comeback. However, if Gaia chose the period of time when the Qin army had the upper hand and surrounded the Zhao army, then choosing Qin will grant them an overwhelming advantage. Making a comeback would almost be impossible in such a scenario.

“It’s no use thinking too much. Might as well just wait for the announcement of the campaign scenario and discuss the situation it again,” said the temporarily clueless Ouyang Shuo.

“Fine,” said the unsatisfied Feng Qiuhuang.

“Wuyi, don’t forget about Yanhuang Alliance,” reminded Bai Hua, “They lost so badly in the previous campaign because they were not familiar with it. Additionally, your surprising moves caught them off guard. The third campaign scenario is very predictable. Di Chen and his allies are not fools, so they can definitely make the same prediction as ours. Therefore, with that, they begin at the same starting line as us. They definitely want to one up us, so we must be prepared.”

“What’s the big deal. If they want war, we will give them war!” said Gong Chengshi with great confidence.

Ouyang Shuo did not say anything, but he nodded.



* * *





Chapter 256




Chapter 256: TWO Chapter 256 - Tianmo Spear

Chapter 256 - Tianmo Spear

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After closing the alliance channel, Ouyang Shuo was still thinking about the 3rd campaign scenario. Thoughts like which factions to join, what strategy to use, and what to do kept on stimulating his mind.

When he is still thinking about the campaign scenario, his secretary, Lang Bainan walked in and said, “My lord, the head of Armory Division, Wang Gao, asked you to head over there to discuss the weapon crafted for you.”

Ouyang Shuo was surprised by his words. It had been five days since he handed over Wang Gao the meteorite, and it should’ve been completed by now. Why did Wang Gao ask him to head over instead of sending it straight to him?

Without thinking much, Ouyang Shuo quickly walked out of the office.

When he rushed to the Armory Division, a young blacksmith stood in front of the door. When he saw Ouyang Shuo, he walked towards him and greeted him.

Under the lead of the young blacksmith, they walked to the personal workplace of Wang Gao.

Once they entered the workplace, they were welcomed with a non-stop heat wave.

In the workplace, there were another three assistants beside Wang Gao. They were helping Wang Gao in the final quenching of the spear. When they got there, it was clearly the crucial moment, and Wang Gao was full of sweat as sweat was all over his body, evaporating as soon as it dripped onto the workbench.

The young blacksmith walked towards to Wang Gao and whispered in his ears.

Wang Gao nodded and continued his final stage of the crafting. Without anything to worry about, Ouyang Shuo decided to stay there and to observe.

Ten minutes later, Wang Gao started to wrap things up by tidying up, putting away his tools, taking a towel to wipe off his sweat, before walking over to Ouyang Shuo and greeting, “My lord!”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, “So… what’s the purpose of you calling me here?”

“Weapons are deadly and they have their own spirit. Every time a godly weapon is crafted, it will need to be showered with the blood of the owner. My lord, later you will have to drip some of your blood onto your spear as a catalyst to hasten the birth of its spirit.” Wang Gao explained.

Ouyang Shuo finally understood what he meant. It was just something like using his blood as a password to ensure the weapon could only be used by him.

Without any hesitation, he pulled out his sword dangling on his waist and opened up a cut carefully. After that, he dripped his blood into a small bowl and filled it up with his blood. An assistant then quickly handed over a bandage and help him patch up the cut even though minor injuries like this would be recovered on the spot for the likes of Ouyang Shuo.

Wang Gao took over the bowl of blood, returned to his workbench, and asked his assistant to put the spear into the furnace. Once the entire spear turned red because of the fire, Wang Gao poured Ouyang Shuo’s blood onto the spear with lightning speed.

As soon as the blood touched the spear, the blood immediately seeped into the spear. In the blink of an eye, the spear was covered with a layer of bright-red radiance. The radiance kept blinking and blinking as if it were alive.

Then, in the midst of the raging fire and bright red glowing radiance, a demonic god appeared, emitting a fierce and murderous aura.

Then lightning so bright as if it could blind eyes flashed across skies, a thunderous roar followed after the eye blinding lightning; all of these sights and sounds were caused by the birth of this incredible spear.

“Right now!” All of these un

natural fantasy phenomenons did not manage to distract Wang Gao’s focus. He remained calm and shouted at his assistant to stay with him. Together, they took the spear out and started with the final quenching, annealing, and other various processes.

When Wang Gao struck down the final hammering, he immediately collapsed. The crafting of the spear had take a toll on him and he could barely even stand even with the help of the assistant. Albeit exhausted almost to the point of fainting, Wang Gao did not show any expression of tiredness but instead, joy and a sense of accomplishment was shown all over his face.

And at the same time, the system notification rang beside Ouyang Shuo’s ears.

“System notice : Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for his blacksmith, Wang Gao, advancing into a Grandmaster Blacksmith. Rewarding him 2000 reputation points.”

Right after that, an announcement followed.

“System announcement : Congratulations to Shanhai County raising the first Grandmaster Blacksmith in the game, specially rewarding Shanhai County the title of 【The Origin of Forging】.”

Ouyang Shuo checked the stats of the title of 【The Origin of Forging】. 【The Origin of Forging】increased the smithing masteries of blacksmiths that were in the territory by 10%, and blacksmith refugees were more likely to be attracted to the territory by 15%.

The two stats were very useful. According to the prediction of Ouyang Shuo, there should be probably other titles such as 【The Origin of Tailoring】 and so on.

The level advancement of Wang Gao and the stats brought by the title of 【The Origin of Forging】 would definitely speed up the level advancement of all blacksmiths in the county and would indirectly increase the development of the military industrial complex.

After taking a moment for a short break, Wang Gao picked up the spear, walked up to Ouyang Shuo, and said, “My lord, the spear is ready, please grant the spear a name.”

According to his request, the spear weighed about 35 kg, and its length was about 380 cm with its spearhead length about 37 cm. The color of the spear was entirely black.

The most unique part of the spear was that when the spear is crafted, carvings of the demonic god automatically formed on the spear. The carvings looked so real and the spear seems like an incarnation of the demonic god. According to Wang Gao, he did not carve them onto the spear but they were formed when the blood seeped into the spear.

Ouyang Shuo then immediately associated this with his demonic god’s bloodline and said, “Since the spear is made with the meteorites’ fall from the skies and it has been nourished with the blood of the demonic god, I decide to name it the Tianmo Spear.

【Name】: Tianmo Spear (Platinum Class)

【Durability】: 75

【Sharpness】: 65

【Tenacity】: 55

【Specialty】: Demonic vampirism (Has a chance to evolve every time the spear absorbs blood)

【Description】: Made with meteorites fallen from the sky and bathed with the blood of the demonic god. After a series of mutations, it has become a godly weapon and can only used by the person who dripped his blood on it. Untradeable, unthrowable and evolvable.

If there wasn’t the blood of Ouyang Shuo who had the bloodline of the demonic god, maybe the spear would’ve been ruined, being able to reach the level of dark gold at most.

The Tianmo Spear was undoubtedly strong, equally as strong as the Qing Feng Sword of Song Jia.

However, what was most important was that the Tianmo Spear was evolvable. Its specialty, demonic vampirism, had decided that when the spear was bathed with sufficient blood of decent enemies, then it might be able to evolve into a one and only spear that was top of the world.

While he gently brushed over the spear, Ouyang Shuo said, “Tianmo Spear, follow me into the battlefields, pierce through enemy chests and bathe in their blood. Let us forge our very own undefeatable legacy!”

The spear, as if it has become alive, vibrated suddenly and it’s red radiation started glowing.

Seeing this, Ouyang Shuo could not help but to feel extremely happy. He did not know that the spear has its own spirit at all; the bloodline of the demonic god was indeed powerful. He then started to think that next time, they should do the same when they were forging higher tiers of Mingguang Armor.

Finally, after obtaining a godly weapon, Ouyang Shuo also checked its stats.

【Name】: Qiyue Wuyi

【Title 1】: Lian Zhou Marquis

【Title 2】: Patriot

【Territory】: Shanhai County

【Occupation】: General (secondary job)

【Level】: 55

【Merit】: 90500/102400 【Title】: 3rd class marquis

【Reputation】: Well known (77000/100000)

【Internal Energy】: 5800/10000

【Body structure】: 18+8 【Talent】: 21+4 【Luck】:5 【Charm】: 8

【Leadership】: 75+10 【Strength】: 38+5 【Intelligence】: 20 【Politic】:56

【Talent】: Omit

【Specialty】: Omit

【Scrolls】: 《 Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique》(4/12 layer)

【Technique】: 《Baji Fist Art》(Perform with ease) 《Yang Family Spear Technique》(Become Proficient)

【Art of War】: Omit

【Skills】: Advanced scouting, advanced weapon mastery, wild beast taming technique (basic)

【Mount】: Omit

【Equipment】: Omit

【Armor】: Omit

【Weapon】: Tianmo Spear (Platinum class)

【Unique item】: Beads of cooling, 《Treasure map of Bei Hai Harbour》

The difficulty of leveling increased even further after players managed to reach level 50. Until now it had been 5 months ever since the Battle of Zhuluo, but Ouyang Shuo only managed to level up to 55 from level 48.

Among the acquired stats, whenever the stats after deducting additional stats added by equipments reached 80 points, it would need 5 free stats to raise 1 acquired stat; after 90, the need would need 10 free stats to increase by 1.

Ouyang Shuo has decided that when 【Leadership】reached 80 points, he would try his best to pump 【Strength】to 80 points and then pump 【Leadership】again.

There was still a gap between his stats and the stats of Luo Shi Xin. The gap was even bigger when it came to Ouyang Shuo and Shi Wanshui. His stats now were just equivalent to an intermediate class officer only.

Last month, Ouyang Shuo managed to reach level 4 of the 《 Huang Di Inner Scroll ・Chapter of Ki Cultivation 》, doubling up his ki capacity, reaching the point of 10 thousand points. He could now practice it everyday, increasing his ki capacity by 10 points each by circling qi. In one day, his ki would be able to increase by 120 points, and if he wanted to level it up to level 5, it would take him a month.

The most important thing was that Ouyang Shuo felt that he has reached his limits in terms of the number of his cycling of ki, or the inner qi that he gained each time since he reached level 4.

Without any miracle or special encounter, it would be hard for him to improve again.

Among Ouyang Shuo’s equipment, his mount, armor and weapon was platinum grade. The only problem was his equipments that consist of only a black iron grade 【ring of courage】and silver grade 【strength of barbarian】.

After closing his stats window, Ouyang Shuo left the Armory Division.

When he got back to the lord’s hall, Lei Xun was already there waiting for his return. Although Lei Xun was now engaged with the training of new army recruits, the operation of the Military Intelligence Division did not stop. Hence, any important information would still be reported to Ouyang Shuo.

“My lord, the recent news of the grassland has come.”

Ouyang Shuo has already prepared himself psychologically when he saw Lei Xun. It has been 3 months since Operation Wildfire, so the balance amongst all the tribes in the grassland should’ve been disrupted by now.

In the past 3 months, Ouyang Shuo did not stop his surveillance on the grassland at all.

After Operation Wildfire, Tian Qi tribe’s western army had collapsed, and it would take some time for them to reform the army. Due to this, they also lost their deterrence ability on the smaller tribes in the west.

The intermediate-sized tribes were the first to show their fangs. They ignored the warnings given out by the Tian Qi tribe and began to invade their smaller counterparts, plundering their cattle, stealing their resources, and occupying their ranches.

The result? Tian Qi Tribe only gave out warnings, but no other actions were taken. Their attitude had been interpreted that they had lost their power, and this caused even larger-scaled uproars.

Therefore, the flame of wars began to spread across the entire grassland from west to east, then from north to south.

In a blink of an eye, war had devoured the entire grassland. The market outside of Friendship County, however, managed to benefit from the war, gaining abundant Qing Fu Warhorses to arm the entire 2nd brigade by trading food and iron with the tribes.



* * *





Chapter 257




Chapter 257: TWO Chapter 257 - Bait

Chapter 257 - Bait

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

“According to the reports of the spies, the grassland is gradually returning to its peaceful state.”

The reports of the spies said that after 3 months of chaos, the small tribes in the grassland had been wiped out. They either joined the other medium-sized tribes or entirely moved into the Tian Qi Tribe.

“Currently, there’s only the Tian Qi Tribe in the center, and 8 other medium-sized tribes in the grassland. There’s one tribe each to the north and south, and 3 tribes each to the west and east. About Tian Feng Tribe to the north of Friendship Town, after taking over the Tian Lian Tribe, they also took over the smaller tribes in the east and became the only tribe in the entire southern side.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded. He is more concerned about what the grassland tribes would do next right now.

“Are there any signs that the medium-sized tribes are forming an alliance?” Ouyang Shuo asked.

According to the usual strategies, forming up together and eliminating the Tian Qi tribe was the best way out. The only problem now was even though Tian Qi Tribe suffered some losses, they still remained the biggest power in the entire grassland. It would be difficult for the medium-sized tribes to invade Tian Qi Tribe as they had been living under the shadow of Tian Qi Tribe for too long.

“Eight medium-sized tribes did form an alliance, but they lack people who are strong enough to guide them. The alliance is way too fragile with their weak management. In contrast, the tribes to the east and west had some arguments when they invaded the smaller tribes. It would be difficult for them to form an alliance.”

Ouyang Shuo smirked coldly and said, “Heh, this is the human nature. They might even want to destroy each other and loot their possessions.”

“My wise lord, it is indeed like what you said.”

“But the problem is, how are we supposed to interfere to stir up chaos again?”

As one of the three heads of the Military Intelligence Division, Lei Xun had his very own unique insights and was sensitive about things like this. Suddenly, a thought occurred to him and he quickly said, “My lord, there’s another report. According to the spies, after taking over the lands of the eastern small tribes, Tian Feng Tribe has now placed their eyes on Friendship City.”

Ouyang Shuo said coldly, “You’re saying that Tian Feng Tribe is planning to invade Friendship City?”

“Probably. My lord, the market outside Friendship City has a significant amount of trading every day. The tribes were busy raiding the smaller tribes, so they could only obediently trade for resources in the market. But now, since the war is over, their nature has decided that they might want to raid Friendship City.” interpreted Lei Xun calmly.

Ouyang Shuo suddenly had an idea as soon as he heard Lei Xun’s report and he said, “If so, let us wipe out the entire Tian Feng Tribe and interfere with the matters on the grassland directly. If I’m not wrong, it’s not only Tian Feng Tribe that is eyeing Friendship City; the other tribes are also the same.”

“But,” said the hesitate Lei Xun, “If so, wouldn’t we cause the other tribes to team up and resist us together?”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, “There’s a possibility that this will happen. So we have to do one thing, which is to crumble their alliance and divert their attention. Didn’t you say that the eastern and southern tribes are in bad condition? Arrange some spies to incite the hatred between the two and stir up a war between them.”

“Understood.” Suddenly, Lei Xun felt like his responsibility increased greatly.

nFrom the 2nd of November to the 5th of November, the peaceful state of the grassland did not last long and it became noisy again.

In just a few days, on the eastern and southern borders, there had been more than 5 raids within the borders of 6 medium-sized tribes’ territories. The raiders seemed to be very experienced; they had a clear target and they left no survivors.

Blood spilled everywhere in the ruins of the tribes, showing the cruelty that happened to them.

All the evidence shows that the murderers crossed the borders and raided these tribes. Because of this, the hatred amongst the tribe people has been pushed to an even higher level. Now, they were always asking their chiefs to declare war on their enemies.

However, the higher ups in the tribe would not act rashly. They were worried that those with ill intentions were seeking to destroy the alliance, and tried to solve the problem peacefully.

However, before they could finish their investigation, the nobles among the tribes were being assassinated; they either died silently in their tents or in the wilderness.

Suddenly, the situation made all of them jittery.

And it was at this moment, that the 2nd brigade garrisoned in the city north camp left the camp using the name of training. Without hiding their tracks, they crossed Friendship river and mysteriously disappeared.

As soon as the brigade left, a huge amount of iron and food had been transported to Friendship City and stored in the warehouse of the market. They were kept just like that, lying in the bare eyes of these tribal people who were trading in the market.

Tian Feng Tribe, Chief’s Tent

“Chief, this is a great chance, we must not hesitate anymore!”

As the neighbor of Friendship City, the movements of the market and city north camp would surely be noticed by the Tian Feng Tribe. They already had their eyes on Friendship City before this, and once they got the news, they were even more agitated.

“That’s right, chief, we only need 1000 men, and we can surely take down the market.”

Dariachi sat at the head; his brows were locked and his voice was solemn. “Use your brains; their actions are too dubious. This is clearly a trap.”

“Chief, whether or not it is a trap, in the end, it’d all come to the sizes of our fists. As long as we’ve taken down the market, what can the Friendship City military to do us? Even if it was a trap, we would still beat them down to the ground, and make them soak in their blood.” The one who spoke was Dariachi’s side arm, a general of the tribe, Huqitu.

“Yes, yes, that’s right!” Huqitu’s words were resonant to the others.

Even Daraichi was moved. He would be lying if he said that he was not tempted by the resources in the market. However, as the chief of the tribe, he needed to look further and deeper for the sake of his tribe, taking in every possibility into consideration. “Huqitu, your words are right. But what concerns me is the assaults that kept happening in the savanna lately; this place is now like an active volcano that would erupt at any time. This is really not a good time to stir up any more trouble.”

“Chief, in my opinion, this is exactly why we should act more decisively. Seize the opportunity and earn ourselves a substantial amount of ore and food. They will be the assurance of our survival.” Huqitu was staunch and firm, and he said this with determination.

Huqitu’s opinion had echoed with those of the tribe heads.

Dariachi sighed in his heart. Huqitu’s words were too vigorous, making him to think that he was really too conservative. In order to strive for a high place in the world, caution was needed, but excessive caution would eventually turn into timidity, and would allow countless golden opportunities to slip past his grasp.



* * *





Chapter 258




Chapter 258-

Chapter 258- The Army at the Border

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The Chinese had a saying . ‘If the time was right, one would reap all the benefits; however, if the timing was wrong, one would suffer the consequences . ’

"Good!" Dariachi decided . "Huqitu, I order you to lead 1000 men and take down the trading market . " Dariachi lost his usual calm demeanor . Under the temptation of victory and profits, under the pushing of the noble families, his blood boiled .

"Okay!" Huqitu was highly confident .

11th month 6th day

Huqitu led his army, suddenly crossing the city protection river and attacking the trading market which was totally defenseless .

The army chased away all the merchants that were there, plundering the entire trading market . They didn't forget to set fire to and destroy the entire place .

As the fire spread and rose into the sky, the army brought their large amounts of trophies and items and left .

The trading market outside of Friendship City was an important trading spot between Shanhai City and the nomad tribes . Every tribe, including the Tian Qi tribe, had merchants housed there .

The action of the Tian Feng Tribe was like a whirlwind, and it spread across the entire grassland .

When all the tribes learned of the news, there were some who envied and others who were jealous . Many even regretted, regretted that they weren't the ones who thought about that .

The victors were naturally delighted, and when huge amounts of ores and grain were transported back to their tribe, the entire tribe was bustling, and they held a huge feast the same day .

Even Dariachi couldn't believe what had happened and felt fortunate that he didn't miss the opportunity .

Based on the calculations, the amount of grain could last the tribe for half a year . The ores was enough to make numerous arrows, knives and armor .

The Tian Feng Tribe were now a step closer to becoming the overlords of the grasslands .

The second day, before the celebratory spirit of the tribe had even passed, the messenger from Friendship City had arrived .

The messenger warned Tian Feng Tribe of their actions and demanded that the tribe return all their goods and 500 Qingfu horses back as compensation .

"Haha~Haha~" the words of the messenger attracted the mocking laughs of the tribesmen .

The messenger kept calm and his facial expression didn't change .

Dariachi sat in his tent, shaking his head in amusement . "And what if I don't?"

"If you decline, then we can only go to war . "

"Such big words, do you know who you're talking to?" Huqitu chided, the success of the robbery had made his prestige rise and he was now seen as the tribe hero .

The messenger's eyes froze and he turned towards Hu Qitu, saying calmly, "This must be the general that robbed the trading market? My lord has said that such evil must be ended!"

"You!" Huqitu was furious . "Such courage, I'm going to kill you . " As he said that, he pulled out the crescent knife by his side and leapt towards the messenger .

"Slow down!" Suddenly, Dariachi stopped Huqitu . He was puzzled and asked, "What did you say just now, lord? A small Friendship City and he dares call himself lord?"

Facing such a forceful opposition, the messenger didn't fear and continued to keep a straight face . Hearing Dariachi's words he turned around and said, "You insulted my lord and now there's no road to reconciliation, goodbye!"

"Stop!" Huqitu shouted and laughed coldly, "You still want to leave?"

"Why? You want to kill me, a messenger?"

"Stupid messenger, go to hell!" Huqitu raised his crescent knife and chopped down .

"Hold your blade!" Dariachi shouted and said solemnly, "We Chinese have a saying, two countries have a war, but we don't kill the messengers . We can't let them say that we are uncultured; let him leave . "

"Chief!" Huqitu was a bit reluctant .

"I said, let him go!" Dariachi was furious that Huqitu was getting a bit out of control .

"Okay!" Huqitu was a smart person and when he felt the unhappiness in the voice of the tribal leader, he backed down .

Dariachi looked at the messenger and said, "Go back and tell your so called lord and ask him to not look for humiliation . "

The messenger shook his head in amusement and walked away .

Long before the Military Intelligence Division sent out their spies, the Military Affairs Department had started to move their army .

The Tian Feng tribe's population had broken 8000 . Based on the tradition that all members of the tribe were warriors, the original 1000 man army was expanded to 3000 .

For this battle, Ouyang Shuo didn't shift over the city’s western and eastern camp forces . They were clearing out raiders, and to call them over would not only cause panic to the commoners, but even alert the raider leaders .

The forces that were sent included the 2nd regiment of the 1st division, the Guards regiment, the Shanhai City city protection regiment, Qiushui City’s city protection regiment, and Friendship City’s city protection regiment, a total of five regiments and 12,500 people .

Apart from the Shanhai City’s city protection regiment, the other 2 city protection regiments were just built . After forming, they didn't have chance to join in any practical battles so their combat strength was a little weaker .

What Ouyang Shuo mainly relied on were the Guards regiment and the 2nd regiment . Both of them were well equipped with Qingfu horses, Mingguang armor, and horse lances .

The 2nd regiment's Qingfu horses already had defensive armor, and could be called a real heavy armored cavalry . As for the Guards regiment, to maintain mobility, they gave up on the horse’s defensive armor .

The sudden military action had caused all military training in the western suburbs to stop .

To avoid raising any suspicion, the 10 man teaching group from the Rattlesnake mercenary group was sent back to Jianye and would return after the war .

Gaia first year 11th month 8th day, Friendship City

On the city walls, the lord flag of Shanhai City slowly rose and under the shine of the sunlight, looked majestic . It announced the power of Shanhai City, and that it was finally baring its fangs .

Facing the sun, the five regiments formed up neatly and waited for the lord's appraisal .

Ouyang Shuo was accompanied by Wang Feng and Lin Yi, climbing up the high platform, scrutinizing the forces, and also to chiding the Tianfeng Tribe forces for going against their partnership to destroy the trading market . Not only that, they also refused to cooperate and looked down on Shanhai City . For the sake of their honor, they could only fight .

"Fight! Fight! Fight!" Over 10 thousand warriors bellowed . The aura of the army swept around like they wanted to drown the grasslands and dye it red .

Ouyang Shuo stood up on the high platform and helped command and lead the troops . Seeing such morale, it made Ouyang Shuo's blood boil .



* * *





Chapter 259




Chapter 259: TWO Chapter 259- Surrendering Without Fighting

Chapter 259- Surrendering Without Fighting

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

With such great men, such a strong army would definitely be able to sweep the Earth.

Ouyang Shuo started to give instructions to the generals, "Wang Feng!"

"Present!" Wang Feng stepped out and knelt with one knee of the ground.

"You will lead the Guards regiment and be in charge of the left."

"Yes, my lord!"

"Lin Yi!!"

"Present!" Lin Yi stepped out.

"You will lead the 2nd regiment and be in charge of the right."

"Yes, my lord!"

For the left and right wings, Ouyang Shuo arranged the elite cavalry forces. The three city protection regiments were arranged in the center with Ouyang Shuo personally leading them. Shanhai City and Friendship City’s city protection regiments would lead the charge while Qiushui City’s city protection squad would act as the reserve. In the regiment itself, the archers would be in front, the sword shield soldiers at the back, and the cavalry at the wings.

Such a formation was invincible.

After which, Ouyang Shuo pulled out his Tang Blade and shouted, "Let's go!"

The giant army formation started to move. Apart from footsteps and the hooves of the war horses, nothing else was heard. The army went across the city protection river and marched straight for the Tian Feng Tribe.

Dariachi obviously didn't just lie there and wait. Although he appeared arrogant when he met the messenger, in truth after the messenger left he had been preparing for defense against Friendship City and didn't put down his guard.

Such a large scale military movement naturally couldn't escape his eyes.

Facing the huge army, no one wouldn't cower in fear. The cavalry troops that were training in the city north camp had returned at the right time too.

When the lord flag rose up on the walls of Friendship City, this was when Dariachi knew that Friendship City was just a subsidiary territory.

At this point, this was when Dariachi understood the true meaning of why the messenger had said ‘Lord.’

A person who didn't sweep the four corners and hold a lot of land wouldn't be called a lord.

In the tribe tent, Dariachi frowned.

He raged. "Scheme, this is a scheme. A huge scheme targeting our Tian Feng tribe."

The joy of victory had faded and what remained was endless regret.

Truthfully, Ouyang Shuo's actions were throwing bait. Sending the messenger was done so as to earn the moral high ground. In such a way, Tian Feng tribe was despicable, and naturally they wouldn't be able to make the other tribes join them.

"Chief, what should we do now?" The tribe nobles were like panicking birds and were terrified.

"What can we do? We can only fight," Huqitu said.

"Shut up!" Dariachi fumed. If it weren't for Huqitu persuading him and pushing him, he wouldn't have caused such a problem.

"General Hu must be joking; the enemy is 10,000 men strong, how can we fight?" The noble families were unhappy.

When attacking the trading market, the noble families admired and supported Huqitu. Now that the situation has changed, so did their attitudes as they all blamed him for his reckless act.

Everyone knew that when attacking the trading market, the ones that were the most eager were also this bunch of people.

Being dissed by both the tribe leader and the noble families, Huqitu was totally red and said ruthlessly, "How can their combat strength compare to that of our grassland men?"

span

Dariachi shook his head and didn't bother about Huqitu, turning around and looking at everyone. "The only plan now is to ask for help. What are your opinions?"

"Ask for help? From whom? It was our fault and the other tribes are laughing at us! If they don't strike us when we are down we should be happy. Why will they help us?"

"That's right!"

Dariachi supported his forehead with his hand as he had an intense headache. He said with annoyance, "This can't work, that can't work... so what should we do?"

All of the noble families looked at one another, all of them not knowing what to do.

"Why don’t we return the stuff to them?" One of the members said meekly.

"It's too late, if we had agreed with the messenger, it all would be ok. We rejected it and since the enemy has gathered their army, they won't let it rest.”

In the tent, the atmosphere became very suppressive.

At this point, a noble family member stood up and suggested, "Why dont... why don’t we surrender?"

The moment his words came out, everyone panicked as if he had opened a Pandora's box.

"Surrender?" Everyone stuttered.

"We can't. We are the children of the grassland; how can we surrender without fighting?" Huqitu shouted with discontentment.

Dariachi felt a shiver in his heart. He knew that the worst outcome was about to arrive. He had no power to prevent the fear and cowardice amongst the noble families.

One shouldn't treat the noble families as mice. In truth, they were the real core of the tribe and held all the power.

Since they wanted to surrender, even if as the leader he didn't agree, he wouldn't be able to control the army. The logistics of the army was controlled by all these noble families.

Dariachi closed his eyes; his ambition to be an overlord had ended.

After a long while, he opened his eyes and said, "Hai Rigu, about the surrender, you go and handle it!"

Hai Rigu was the guy who suggested the surrender. He stood up and said, "Ok!"

"Tribe leader, we can't. Our boys still can fight!" Huqitu tried to stop it.

"Men!" Dariachi didn't even look at Huqitu and instead called his Guards.

"Present!" Four Guards entered the tent.

"Capture Huqitu and throw him in jail!" Dariachi knew that one of the messenger's conditions was to hand him over.

To prevent accidents from happening, Dariahci had to lock up Huqitu.

"Tribe leader!" Huqitu had a face full of shock and was speechless.

Truthfully, he was the right-hand man of Dariahci and about locking him up, Dariahci couldn't bear to do it. Unfortunately, the situation forced his hand, and he had no choice.

"Capture him!" Dariahci couldn't bear to look on as he ruthlessly ordered.

"Yes!" The guards were all extremely loyal to the tribe leader. Although they were surprised, they did their jobs without hesitation.

Huqitu's heart turned cold and he stopped resisting.

"Disperse!"

He had failed his mission of becoming an overlord. His usual energy and spirit faded along with it. The noble families, upon seeing that, who knew what they felt in their hearts as they left silently one by one.



* * *





Chapter 260




Chapter 260: TWO Chapter 260- Without Bloodshed

Chapter 260- Without Bloodshed

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

To be able to take down Tian Feng Tribe without any bloodshed was totally unexpected.

As the army reached the outer regions of the Tian Feng Tribe territory, they were faced with Hai Rigu, who hurried over and surrendered.

After understanding his intentions, Ouyang Shuo didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He didn't expect his actions to have such a good effect, able to help him persuade them without using a single troop.

Even so, Ouyang Shuo didn't put down his guard and ordered his troops to advance forward.

The huge army was like a whirlwind as they blew toward the Tian Feng tribe. Further away, one could see some light armored cavalry, which were scouts sent by the other tribes.

Ouyang Shuo didn't stop them and instead just showed off the military might of Shanhai City. The nomad tribes were like that; they feared the strong and bullied the weak.

Under the sky and white clouds, the tens of thousands of men army moved forward in an orderly manner. If one personally saw it, one would be awed. The biggest tribe in the grasslands, the Tian Qi tribe, only had 10 thousand men.

After arriving in the Tian Feng tribe camp, the nomads all walked out curiously. Seeing such a huge army formation, they all felt fortunate that they didn't choose war. If not, all of them would have probably perished on the battlefield.

Ouyang Shuo ordered the Friendship City’s city protection regiment to enter the camp and take over the defensive work. Following which, they would be to take over all the equipment and disarm the 3000 man army.

To surrender without fighting, be it the army or the commoners, they all were still a little wary and unsubmissive. Ouyang Shuo naturally would be careful in case they turned around to bite him.

Only after finishing with all the stuff did he not worry and start to meet the important people of the tribe.

Tian Feng Tribe tent

Ouyang Shuo was respectfully invited to sit; Dariachi brought all the noble families and bowed down to their new lord.

"Greetings to the lord!"

Ouyang Shuo noticed that his eyes were a little sour, and when he kneeled, he was unwilling.

As things were rushed, Ouyang Shuo didn't know what to do with them. "The many of you are sincere in surrendering, I feel very happy, so would all of you move to Shanhai City and enjoy our riches?"

The noble families all look at one another. This was another way of saying he wanted to keep a lookout on all of them.

As they had no choice, they could only agree with it.

Since the enemy took the initiative to surrender, Ouyang Shuo naturally wouldn't kill everyone and do anything stupid. To leave all these noble families in the tribe, however, Ouyang Shuo was worried. To bring them over to Shanhai City and spend the rest of their lives there was the best choice.

With that, they could act as a sign to the other tribes. If any of them couldn't survive and had no way out, surrendering was still a good choice.

Following which would be dealing strictly with the tribe.

In the long run, taking down the Tian Feng tribe had huge meaning. It announced the entry of Shanhai City into the grasslands, and acted as a springboard for the future.

As for the short term gain, what was most important was to obtain the Qingfu horses and the 3000 elite soldiers.

Based on his calculation, apart from the 6000 Qingfu horses prepared for 3000 of them, the Tian Feng tribe still had 3500 more.

The 300

0 elite were separated by Ouyang Shuo and sent to the 2nd, 4th and 5th regiments. The 3000 cavalry that were replaced would become a part of the independent division and housed in the city north camp.

Out of the generals, the leaders of 10 men were appointed sergeants, and those with 100 under them were appointed lieutenants. As for the 3 with 1000 under them, they faced a different fate.

This wasn’t mentioning Huqitu, who was locked up. He would be sent to Shanhai City prison and spend his days there.

Of the remaining two, one was called Mori Genhe. He was 45 and was an old and experienced person. Ouyang Shuo arranged for him to retire and spend his old days in Shanhai City.

The one that Ouyang Shuo admired was the young man.

He was 26 and was given his name in the grasslands. He wasn't part of the tribe and was from a small tribe that was destroyed by Tian Feng tribe. Dariachi admired his qualities and broke the rule to allow him to lead 1000 men.

Name: Shaobu

Identity: Shanhai City Resident

Occupation: Intermediate General

Loyalty: 75

Command: 55

Force: 70

Intelligence: 42

Politics: 24

Specialty: Charging Assault (Raise movement speed by 10%), Shooting (Raise bow attacks by 10%)

Cultivation Method: Zhebie Archery Technique

Equipment: Sediao Bow

Evaluation: Trained in archery since he was young, highly accurate. He has a carefree personality and cares for his subordinates.

After taking a look at his stats, Ouyang Shuo didn't hesitate and immediately named him the colonel of the independent regiment. With someone who was familiar with the grassland tribes, Ouyang Shuo believed that the city north camp was as strong as rock.

With the reorganization complete, the 2nd, 4th, 5th and independent regiments as well as Guards regiment all had Qingfu horses. The remaining 2000 were sent to the Jifeng Valley horse stables.

About the Tian Feng tribe’s main camp, Ouyang Shuo decided to change it into the city north camp. The general in charge would be Lin Yi, and Shaobu would be the deputy.

Apart from the noble families who were moved to Shanhai City, the normal farmers and herders were now under Friendship City. As they were nomads, Ouyang Shuo allowed them to make settlements outside of the city.

As for the destroyed trading market, as the times changed, it lost its use and there was no tribe willing to come over to trade. Hence, Ouyang Shuo didn't rebuild it.

The change with Tian Feng tribe had stunned and shocked all the other grassland tribes. Only then did they know that farther south was a territory known as Shanhai City which was staring at and observing them.

All of the sudden, a feeling of danger swept over them. Tian Feng tribe surrendering without fighting was the best show of strength. Needless to say, after the surrender, Shanhai City's strength would increase once again.

Facing such a change, those cowardly tribes decided to group up. The ambitious ones turned their attention to their neighbours as the best way to gain a foothold, and was naturally to expand one's own strength.

These medium-sized tribes didn't dare target Shanhai City. Tian Feng tribe was the example, and they didn't want to take the risk as who knew how many more troops Shanhai City still had.



* * *





Chapter 261




Chapter 261: TWO Chapter 261- Flagrantly Declaring War

Chapter 261- Flagrantly Declaring War

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After he had finished dealing with the Tianfeng tribe matters, two days had already passed.

Just as he was on the way back to Shanhai City, a system notification sounded out.

"System notification: 100 cities have been successfully upgraded in the Chinese region, initiating the 3rd battle map, the Battle of Changping, which will start in 3 days. Please look forward to it. Friendly reminder: Only territories city grade and above can participate."

It was unexpected but logical.

The requirements to join the Battle of Changping had shot up a notch, only city grade and above, which meant that there would be less than 100 lords that joined.

Such a setting was undoubtedly to widen the gap between the lord gamemode players. Those who hadn't upgraded their territories to city level would lose their chance to join, which also meant they lost the chance to get merit points.

This meant that their road to upgrading their city would become harder and more tumultuous.

One could predict that missing out on such an opportunity would mean losing out on the chance to sweep the world. Apart from a few lucky ones who managed to chase up, the rest were pretty much destined to be swallowed up.

As many territories upgraded to city grade, more and more territorial wars had started to occur. Shanhai City wasn't the only one. The only thing special about Shanhai City was that it took things a step further.

As threats were removed one by one, Ouyang Shuo had set his sights on taking over the entire Lianzhou Basin. Of course, the prerequisite would be the first upgrade to a prefecture.

Shanhai City's population was nearing the 100 thousand max, and was ready to upgrade.

After the Battle of Changping, Ouyang Shuo would apply to upgrade. However, he himself didn't know what test he would face to upgrade to a prefecture.

Just as he was thinking about the future, an eye-boggling message appeared on the country channel.

"Di Chen: Qiyue Wuyi, during the Battle of Changping, the Yanhuang Alliance will choose the camp of Zhao Country, will Shanhai Alliance accept our battle and go against us?"

The players were in an uproar. This was the 2nd time Di Chen had challenged Ouyang Shuo.

The only difference was that this time he did it using the name of the Yanhuang Alliance. Obviously they had came to an agreement in this matter, and this wasn't the act of Di Chen alone.

Most importantly, everyone knew that the Qin Country had won the Battle of Changping.

For the Yanhuang Alliance to choose the losing camp, this meant that they were confident in rewriting history.

Such an attitude was something Ouyang Shuo had to deeply consider.

Ouyang Shuo kept quiet. Anyone with a brain would be able to guess that they had some insider news about the Battle of Changping, and had been preparing for that. That was the only reason why they had the confidence to challenge Shanhai Alliance.

This time, the situation was totally against them.

Before Ouyang Shuo could say anything, the alliance channel was already in an uproar. Especially Gong Chengshi, who was the fiercest and wanted a one vs one against Di Chen.

Even the normally quiet Xunlong Dianxue and the others were furious and wanted to accept the battle. Only Feng Qiuhuang said out loud the conjecture similar to Ouyang Shuo’s. Even so she couldn't calm everyone down.

"Wuyi, what are your thoughts?"

Everyone went silent, as everyone left the deci

sion in the hands of Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo laughed. "If he wants a war, let's have one."

"Great!" Everyone came to the agreement that the honor and position of Shanhai Alliance shouldn't and wouldn't be challenged.

Even though he made such a comment, he didn't underestimate his opponent, as this was a war that he couldn't afford to lose.

The next day, the members of the Shanhai Alliance gathered in Shanhai City to discuss strategy.

Out of all of them, only Wufu was visiting Shanhai City for the first time. For the village building quest, he was like Bai Hua and Xunlong Dianxue, obtaining a silver village creation token, and also a king rank summoning token. Unfortunately, he summoned a civil servant, who was of no use in battle.

Similar to Wufu was Xiong Ba. During the Battle of Muye, Ouyang Shuo didn't see any historical general by his side.

Only beside Wandering Magic was a historical general.

The last time Bai Hua and the others came to Shanhai City, it was when Shanhai Town was trying to upgrade. Half a year had passed, and the city had changed a lot. Apart from the lord's manor, everything looked different.

Even the lord's manor had a huge change, with a huge "Lianzhou Lord's Manor” plaque hanging outside. Wufu said with envy, "When can my lord's manor also have such a sign?"

"You ah, give up!" Xunlong Dianxue dissed him.

"Wuyi, you really shock us time after time!" Bai Hua was amazed; the development of Shanhai City was unable to help motivate members, only making them worship and envy him.

"I came this time to take a look and learn from brother Wuyi." Wufu, who was keeping quiet, couldn't help but laugh.

Shanhai City's organization was a life-sized encyclopedia.

Ouyang Shuo laughed. "Let's talk in the manor." He led them into the hall in the front courtyard.

Out of the members, Wufu and Song Wen were new members, so they made use of this chance to get to know the other members.

"For this battle, what thoughts do all of you have?" Ouyang Shuo asked. All those seated were elites amongst lords. Even though they didn't have much understanding of the Battle of Changping, they had enough time to search up details about it.

Feng Qiuhuang was one of the most excited and said, "This battle is of utmost importance. For the Yanhuang Alliance to take the initiative, there are pros and cons."

"How so?"

"The pros don't need to be said. In the last two battles, Wuyi is the example. He made early preparations specifically for the battle. Be it the south-pointing chariot or the crossbow machine, it decided the battle. This time, Yanhuang Alliance has went all out and if they fail, they are ruined."

Bai Hua frowned. "We can't be so optimistic. Di Chen and the others have been bullied by Wuyi so many times and have already learned their lesson. Without some confidence, they wouldn't have provoked us in the country channel.”

Ouyang Shuo shook his head in amusement. How did he become a bully in her eyes?

Feng Qiuhuang didn't deny it and said, "I'm not blindly optimistic. Compared to the Yanhuang Alliance, we have an advantage; our ranks are much higher than them."



* * *





Chapter 262




Chapter 262: TWO Chapter 262- Pride

Chapter 262- Pride



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

"Out of all their ranks, the highest is only 2nd rank earl, and can only bring 1000 troops. Our big brother can bring 10 thousand troops, the same as 20 new lords. Adding all of us, we will have over 20 thousand and would be above 25% of the troops in the battle." Gong Chengshi agreed.

"Don't forget that the Battle of Changping is a battle of million troops. What can our 20 thousand do? The one that decides the victory is the troops of the two nations." Xunlong Dianxue wasn't as optimistic.

Ouyang Shuo didn't join in the discussion, and when they talked about troops, he then opened his mouth. "What use 20 thousand men can be of depends on what kind of troops we bring."

"Wuyi is right. Although we can't be the core, we can be the joker or the trump card." Feng Qiuhuang agreed.

"Seems like I need to bring out my elite troops again."

"Aiya, stop being so secretive. What troops should we bring?" Mulan Yue grumbled.

Ouyang Shuo looked at Qushou and asked, "About this question, it’s better for him to answer."

As the military advisor of the alliance, Qushou was very capable. With the help of Gaia, all these historical people had great knowledge of war, and one didn't need to specifically brief them on anything.

He stood up and bowed to everyone. "Out of the three types, infantry, cavalry and archers, archers aren't useful as the Qin country's infantry and cavalry like close combat. In such a chaotic battle it will be hard to use archers. Out of all the troops of the alliance, apart from the heavy armored mountain barbarian infantry from Shanhai City, the rest can't measure up to the infantry of the Qin Country. Hence, we can only send out cavalry."

"But after the Zhao Country revolution when they started to use cavalry with lighter armor who could bows, their cavalry are the best. Can this work?" Xunlong Dianxue questioned.

"I agree with Qushou." Ouyang Shuo said, "In this battle, Shanhai City will send 10 thousand elite cavalry. Before and after the war, the situations are different. Before the Spring and Autumn Period, war was just people lining up at a set location and fighting head on. They were like noble family battles where customs and manners were important. The Battle of Zhuolu and the Battle of Muye were such battles."

"During the Warring States Era, war became about killing and taking important land, and there weren't such rules anymore. The Battle of Changping was a typical battle of attrition, and it's important for one to be quick and flexible. No matter how strong their cavalry is, we have no choice and can only choose to send out cavalry."

The hall was totally silent, and everyone was digesting the new information.

"Big brother, you aren't going to bring such a strong force like the heavy armored infantry?" Gong Chengshi asked with doubt.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head. "To tell the truth, we only have 2000 heavy armored infantry. Their armor is only good as defense, and in such a big battle, they won't be able to be of any use. They also won't be able to work together and assist the Qin Country soldiers, so there's no point bringing them."

"Since big brother has made such a decision, I've nothing to say. I'll bring all cavalry." Gong Chengshi laughed and firmly believed in Ouyang Shuo.

The others all nodded in agreement to Qushou and Ouyang Shuo's views.

Seeing that the various lords had reached an agreement, he said, "There's also another thing I have to remind everyone."

"Please speak!"

"In the Battle of Changping, the preparati

ons for a long term war done by the Zhao Country was much better than Qin Country. Although the Qin Country accumulated a lot of grain, for them to become edible was difficult. Hence, it’s best if you all bring a bunch of military grain pills to reduce to burden on Qin Country."

Ouyang Shuo didn’t hide the manuals that he bought to build military grain pills and military tents from his allies and told them all about the manuals. Hence, apart from Stone City and Tianshuang City, the rest all were able to produce the two resources.

Ouyang Shuo estimated that Di Chen and his alliance most probably bought the manuals too. They had experts survey the market, and after the Battle of Zhuolu, they definitely wouldn't give up on such good weapons.

After the military discussion, Feng Qiuhuang asked another question. " Wuyi, do you want to contact some other lords to invite them to join the Qin Country camp?"

Ouyang Shuo frowned. "Do you think that Di Chen would take the chance to invite other lords to create an imbalance of players?" Ouyang Shuo immediately understood her meaning.

"Based on my understanding of them, they will definitely do that. They know that they can't beat us head on, so they have to scheme, and they are really good at that."

"That's right, during the territory acquisition wave, the medium and large powers bought many territories, and many of them have relationships with the Yanhuang Alliance." Song Wen suddenly said. He was the earliest beneficiary, and thus he understood.

Tianshuang City made use of the power of the Song family to get into the top 100 territories. Similarly, the people who acquired those territories had naturally became frontrunners in the game.

"How could commoners compete against the rich families?" Wufu had mocked. He was looked down upon and not trusted by Di Chen, thus he was forced to join Shanhai Alliance for protection. As such, he had many thoughts about this topic.

Ouyang Shuo kept silent. Whether he liked it or not, Shanhai Alliance and Yanhuang Alliance represented these two powers. Although the line wasn't so clear, with Shanhai Alliance having Feng Qiuhuang and Song Wen, and Yanhuang Alliance also having commoners like Wandering Magic.

"What do you all feel?" Ouyang Shuo didn't make a decision by himself.

"I think that this situation is all self volunteering. Both sides have made it clear which camp we chose, which team they support, and each lord would have his or her consideration. If they trust us, they will definitely join the Qin Country camp." Xunlong Dianxue saw it very clearly.

"That's right." Gong Chengshi agreed.

Bai Hua didn't object. After all, everyone had some pride and wouldn't want to beg others.

Ouyang Shuo had an idea himself and exclaimed, “Great, that's settled. We will be ready to face all situations. I would like to see how much influence Shanhai Alliance has on all the players.”



* * *





Chapter 263




Chapter 263-

Chapter 263- Battle of Changping

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After sending off the members of Shanhai Alliance, Ouyang Shuo started to make some final preparations for his army .

The army that he sent included the Guards regiment led by Wang Feng, the 2nd regiment led by Lin Yi, the light armored cavalry’s 4th regiment led by Luo Shixin, as well as the independent regiment’s light armored cavalry led by Shao Bu .

The 1st regiment guarded the city west camp, the 3rd regiment guarded the city east camp . Sun Chuan Lin led the 5th regiment to guard the city north camp, and the remaining 500 cavalry from the independent regiment guarded the city north camp .

Of course the two generals Shi Wanshui and Er'Lai would follow them to battle .

As they were all cavalry, they were able to all gather in the main camp within a day . As for logistics, Ouyang Shuo took 200 thousand military grain pills, which would last them 20 days . If one counted the war horses, then it would last 10 days .

Ouyang Shuo wanted to bring more, but firstly, the storage bag had a limited space, and secondly, the production speed of the military factory was limited . These 200 thousand pills were 1 . 5 months of hard work .

Hence, unless Qin didn't have enough food, Ouyang Shuo wouldn't make use of these .

Based on the calculation of one military grain pill being 1 copper, 200 thousand would equal 2000 gold . Adding the 10 thousand gold in teleportation costs, before the battle began, he had already spent 12 thousand . If he didn't gain anything from this battle, he would’ve lost a lot .

Gaia first year 11th month 14th day, 9 AM

The system notification sounded punctually .

"System notification: 262 B . C . the Qin army attacked the Han and took over Yewang . Their king was willing to give up Shangdou to stop the Qin troops . However, the shogun of the prefecture wasn't willing to surrender to the Qin, and instead sent someone to surrender to the Zhao instead . Zhao King naturally happily accepted them . The Qin King was furious and ordered his troops to attack Shangdou while the Zhao King sent troops to defend it, resulting in a standstill at Changping . "

"In the third year, the Qin sent a large army to attack the Zhao . In the 7th month, the Zhao sent Zhao Kuo to lead the troops . The Qin secretly appointed Baiqi as the general and he attacked Zhao Kuo's weakness of being too arrogant . He acted like he was losing and backed off, drawing the Zhao troops out of their base and into a trap . They were surrounded and easily slaughtered, gaining victory for the Qin . The 3rd historical battle- Battle of Changping, officially begins!"

Shanhai City's 10 thousand elite cavalry were gathered in the square with all their equipment .

As usual, he had to verify requirements to join the battle, the number of people joining, and choose a camp .

"System Notification: Congratulations Player Qiyue Wuyi for activating battle teleportation . Teleporting 10 thousand men, deducting 10 thousand gold in fees . "

"System Notification: Commencing Teleportation!"

After a short distortion in space, Ouyang Shuo and his troops appeared in the Changping battlefield .

"System Notification: Welcome player Qiyue Wuyi to the base of the Qin- Guanglang City . "

On 262 B . C . the Qin gained the important city of the Han- Yewang .

It was a crucial point where the people in the Shangdou prefecture of the Han could contact those south of the Yellow River, who were also of the Han .

Losing Yewang meant that communications north of Taihang were cut off from the the capital, Xingzhen . As Shangdou was a region with few people, and to them it was just dead land, they decided to exchange it for peace and give it up to the Qin . However the shogun Feng Ting gave it to the Zhao instead, causing a war between Zhao and Qin over Shangdou, starting the Battle of Changping .

At that point, the Zhao court had an intense debate on whether or not to accept Shangdou, the king of the plains Zhaosheng felt that not using a single soldier and getting Shangdou was a great deal and he supported accepting it; the King of Pingyang Zhaobao felt that fighting against Qin would cause them to lose, so he resolutely disagreed against the deal .

Zhao Kuo on the other hand analyzed that the Zhao had to accept Shangdou .

If the Qin gained Shangdou and took control of Juhu Pass, and took over the 4th pass in the east, the Fukou Pass at Taixing, they could easily attack the capital of Zhao, Handan .

Hence because of that, Shangdou was useless to Han, but it was a matter of life or death for the Zhao . The Qin were on the surface fighting the Han for Shangdou, but in truth they were making preparations to attack the Zhao . Hence, no matter whether they accepted or not, they had to fight them . If they accepted, they could make preparations and defences . As such, it was the smarter choice .

In 262 B . C . General Lianpo from the Zhao accepted Shangdou and set up defences at Changping to stop the Qin army . The reason he chose Changping was because of the environment’s conditions .

Firstly, Changping had the best geological and strategic places in all of Shangdou . The region was mainly hills . It had many mountains but also many plains . The main river was the Dan River, and there were 5 smaller rivers, the Dongcang River, Xiaodong River, Dongda River, Liuxu River, and Yonglu River, which covered the whole area .

This kind of geography was good for battle . Mountainous ground made attacking risky . Especially from the west and north where there were the Gaoyu Pass, Changping Pass, Gu Pass, etc . where they could fortify and defend; the hills could allow troops to move secretly without much difficulty . The river and the plains aided the transportation of resources and troops, also solving the problem of food . Everything adding together was beneficial to the defenders and not the attackers .

Secondly, no matter if the Qin attacked Shangdou or Handan, they only had two mountain routes they could take . They could take the Wu Ridge and Laoma Ridge to the west or the Yangchang Hill, Tianjin Pass to the south . Either route they chose had to go past Changping . This meant that as long as Lianpo had a strong army to defend Changping, the Qin army not only couldn't take over Shangdou, but couldn't get close to Handan .

The Zhao army went west of Handan City, crossing the 4th Pass of the "8 passes of Taixing", going further west through the Hukou Pass and into Shangdou . They then went in the southwest direction, going past Bayi Village, past the Changping War Zone, going around the Xiaodong river and past Jingmen Town and Xuanshi before splitting up and setting up their defences .

Xuanshi was around the middle of the Dan River, where both the Dan River and the Xiaodong River flowed . Hence, this place was relatively damp, but it was open and spacious . Between the two rivers, there was 10 thousand square meters of open land, with many hills which didn't impede movement . One could follow the Dan River towards the southeast or go against the tide towards the northwest, towards the villages there .

When Lianpo entered the Changping region, he set up 3 defensive lines .

The first was at Laoma Ridge . In the middle of the ridge was a large pass known as the Gaoping Pass . Left of the pass was a cliff wall, and on the right a steep stream . One could only go through the middle . The pass was 350 meters long from east to west and 1000 meters long from north to south . To the east and west of the pass were rivers that led down the mountain . West of it was Duanmin River which flowed towards the Yuxi River . Although there were mountains blocking east of the pass, to the north and south of the pass was the Dan River that flowed towards two rivers, the Macun River and the Yuancun River which flowed towards the east . This made a good passageway to travel through, and was a place the military needed to block up .

After Lianpo set up defences at Laoma Ridge, he built a city at the mouth of the Macun River and the Yuancun River . He thought that with the two rivers and the Laoma Ridge behind him, it would be a situation where it would be well protected . The Er'Zhang City had its back facing the mountain and was facing the river, being a place where troops could group up, and they could reinforce the soldiers at the pass at any time .

East of the Macun and the Yuancun rivers where both met was the Kangyin Village . South of it was the Xu River, and south of the river was the Beiling Mountain . West of the village was Horse Village, and west of where the two rivers met was called Langshan . This village was protected by mountains and rivers, forming a self enclosed environment . The 3 valleys were crooked with many turns, making it an easy to defend but hard to attack strategic point .

The village was originally the important reinforcement and provisions base for the Laoma Ridge; after it was conquered by the Qin, it became the eastern base of the Qin army .

The place where Ouyang Shuo was teleported to was exactly this place .

Leaving this for later, let's introduce the other two defensive lines that Lianpo set up .

Secondly, it was the defensive line at the Dan River . The river originated from Gaoping, flowing east and south . It flowed from the middle of Gaoping south to Pu City, and into the Yellow River . The valleys were deep with a strongly flowing rivers, the coasts were very wide and was good for troops to move .

Lianpo made use of this natural shield, building a 2nd line of defense at the eastern shoreline of the Dan River, which would act as the main defense . This defensive line stretched from Xuanshi southeast towards Zhao Zhuang, Daliang Mountain, and Gaoping . It also went northwest to Dianyi, Qijiayuan, Weicheng, Shimen, Jiantou, Sanjun, Hanwang Mountain, Yonglu, Changping, and the Jueshui and Danzhu Ridges .

Daliang Mountain was where Lianpo stored all his grain . Going northeast from here, there was Guanjia Ridge, Qifo Mountain, the 3 forming a mountainous body . This mountain was the highest amongst the central region mountains . Looking towards the northeast, one could see the Gu Pass . Towards the southwest one could see Laoma Ridge, together with the Hanwang Mountain 10 thousand odd meters away, they formed the two eyes of the Zhao army, letting them know about everything on the battlefield .

Such a situation was especially advantageous from a military standpoint, especially in the cold weapons era without communication methods . To the left of the mountain was the valley of Xiaodong River, and on the right was the valley of the Dongcang River which stretched towards the northeast, pointing towards Handan, maintaining close communication and also near provisions of supplies .

Lianpo's manor was set at Daliang Mountain .

The Hanwang Mountain was 7500 meters high, and was the ridge that split the Dan River, Xiaodong River and Yonglu River . It touched the clouds and had a clear view of the surroundings . Like how during the 3 year period when Daliang Mountain was the manor of Lianpo, Hanwang Mountain was where Zhao Kuo stayed at during the final stages of the battle . It and the Dan River were where the main battlefield was and where the Zhao army was trapped in .

Changping Pass was located at the northern border of Gaoping and Changzi . North of it was the source of the Zhuozhang River, south of it was the Dan River that flowed southeast . East and west of it were mountains . The western mountain reached the Danzhu Ridge which was the highest peak . The north side was flatter, and it was sloping down, so one had the high ground advantage against the enemy who was climbing the slope .

Changping Pass as the second line of defence prevented Qin troops from coming down from the east or coming up from the north .

Thirdly would be the 50 kilometer defensive stone wall . This defensive line went from the northwest all the way to the southeast, with the main priority at the northwest . It started at Changping Pass towards the mountain south of Dongjin to Yangtou Mountain . It continued towards Jinquan Mountain to the Maanhe, at the boundary of the Hu Pass . As the structure of the mountains and ridges had reached 50 kilometres, thus it was named .

If one said that the Laoma Ridge was the front of Zhao's defence, the Dan River would be the main base and the 50 kilometer stone wall would be their escape plan . This was the deepest point northeast to the Zhao forces, and would be Shangdou and Handan's last line of defense .

On 262 B . C . Lianpo was at Laoma Ridge as Wang He and his troops prepared to attack from the shore . The defenders from the Zhao had met the scouts from the Qin and couldn't hold, being forced back by the Qin army .

Wang He broke through the dangerous Laoma Ridge and its defences, taking over its supplies base, forming Guanglang City which was protected in all directions by mountains and rivers . He got rid of all the obstructions in the Dan River and rushed his troops to the western shore of the river, forming the situation where they were one river away from the Zhao troops .

Lianpo found that they couldn't fight head on with the Qin army, and wanted to maintain their strength for future battles, so he didn't try to organise a force to cross the river to fight them . He retreated to the eastern shore of the Dan River and relied on the river, strengthening the defensive line .

At this point, Lianpo was adamant in waiting for the Qin forces to attack . The Qin challenged and provoked them but they wouldn't send their troops . Just like that, he made use of the geological advantage to defend, causing the stronger Wang He who yearned for battle to be unwilling to cross the Dan River .

The battle remained in a stalemate where neither side was able to pull out ahead .

The Qin army came from far away, so it was difficult for them to get new supplies . They were also known as killers so no one in Shangdou wanted to help them . The Shangdou commoners supported the Zhao Army and worked together with them, as such they had a lot of resources . This decided that the Qin Army was better at a fast and decisive battle, but Zhao Army was better at a long, drawn out war .

The situation couldn't stay as such for long . It was either it went as Lianpo planned, for them to retaliate to destroy the Qin Army, or for Zhao court or Qin court to make a decision themselves .

The outcome was that Lianpo's strategy was deemed as being cowardly and being afraid to fight .

The Zhao King felt that it was so and let Zhao Kuo take over Lianpo to attack the Qin; at the same time, the Qin made Baiqi as the general and Wang He as the deputy . With that, the three year stalemate between them was finally broken and the battle seemed to favor the Qin .

Ouyang Shuo teleported into Guanglang City . What he didn't know was which stage Gaia had place them in, during the 3 year face off, or during the final stages of the war between Zhao Kuo and Baiqi .



* * *





Chapter 264




Chapter 264-

Chapter 264- Shocking Mystery

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

There was also a registration point set up in Guanglang City, with a Qin Army lieutenant who was in charge of the registration .

After Ouyang Shuo registered, he didn't immediately leave but asked, "General, how was today's battle?"

When the lieutenant was helping them register, he knew that Ouyang Shuo brought 10 thousand troops, hence he answered his question simply, "The King of Wu An used his troops well and sent General Ying Bao who led a group of iron cavalry to the back of the enemy, taking down Changping Pass and cut off the passageway between the Zhao troops and Handan . General Wang Ling led another group into the valley at Dongcang River and cut off the Zhao army from Gu Pass . Now, the 40 thousand odd Zhao army is stuck in the mountain plateau of Changping, becoming trapped animals . "

"What?" Ouyang Shuo was astonished; he didn't expect that Gaia would actually place them at such a point . Based on normal logic, when it reached such a step, the Zhao Army was destined to lose .

Something was wrong, something was definitely wrong . First, Gaia definitely wouldn't make such a battle quest . Second, why would Di Chen and the others choose the Zhao camp even when they received insider news?

If one said that there wasn't something fishy going on, Ouyang Shuo wouldn't believe it .

In contrast to Ouyang Shuo’s reaction, the lords that were queuing up were elated upon hearing the lieutenant . They felt that they had chosen the right camp and had picked up an easy win .

Ouyang Shuo shook his head in amusement, leaving the registration point and looking for his allies .

Out of the allies, Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang were both 1st class Earls and could bring 3000 troops . The remainder of them, other than Song Wen, were 3rd class earls and could bring 1000 .

Hence, the total strength of Shanhai Alliance was 20,500 men and they were all cavalry troops .

Out of them, the cavalry from Consonance City and Xunlong City were the most elite, their commanders being Zhang Liao and Qinqiong .

Of course, no matter what, they couldn't compare to the strength of Shanhai City .

Out of all the generals from Shanhai City, Shi Wanshui and E'Lai had both shown themselves . Only Luo Shixin was revealing himself for the first time, naturally attracting the envy of Bai Hua and the others .

Especially Feng Qiuhuang, whose territory didn't have a good general . Seeing Shanhai City having 3 great generals, she drooled, having none of the image of a mature woman .

Talking about that, Luo Shixin and Qin Qiong had known each person there, and upon meeting each other, many emotions were invoked .

Out of all the generals, Shi Wanshui was the most experienced at riding horses and also the oldest . As such, he was appointed the commander . Zhang Liao was the deputy, and Qin Qiong and Luo Shixin were one grade lower .

If one counted Mu Guiying, the leading forces of the Shanhai Alliance were really luxurious .

To make it easier to command, after discussing with Bai Hua and the others, Ouyang Shuo split the troops into squads of 10 thousand men . Shanhai City's 10 thousand cavalry formed a team with Er'Lai as the general, with Luo Shixin and Lin Yi as the deputies . The remaining 10,500 were in the other squad with Zhang Liao as the general, Mu Guiying and Qinqiong as the deputies . Shi Wanshui would be the commander to help lead and command both squads .

As for Bai Hua and the other lords, they didn't need to go on the battlefield . As for Ouyang Shuo, after gaining the Tianmo spear, he was raring to try it out . With his current strength, it was definitely sufficient to protect himself in battle .

Just as the Shanhai Alliance was busy organizing, the battle report sounded out .

"Battle Report: Battle of Changping, 100 lords participating, total strength 73 thousand men . Qin has 28 lords, and 31 thousand men; Zhao has 72 lords, and 42 thousand men . "

In this battle, all 100 lords who reached the requirement had joined, and no one missed out . Out of all these lords, 80% and above were all rank 3 earls and could only bring 500 troops . Those remaining were mostly rank 2 earls and could bring 1000 troops . As for the higher ranked, there were only Ouyang Shuo, Bai Hua, and Feng Qiuhuang .

Di Chen and the others made use of their connections to successfully pull over 2/3 of the lords over to their side .

Unfortunately, Ouyang Shuo, Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang's rank had totally made up for the difference in numbers, and the strength of both sides wasn't too far apart .

"Battle Report: Qin camp is at a numerical disadvantage . Based on battle rules, Qin troops have received a 20% movement speed buff . "

It was actually an increase in movement speed! To the Shanhai Alliance who were all cavalry, this was definitely a good thing .

"Battle Report: Based on the results from rank and merit points, the Qin player representative will be Qiyue Wuyi, rank 3 marquis . Zhao representative is Di Chen, rank 2 Earl . "

Ouyang Shuo's position as the player representative was one that no one could touch . On the other hand, Di Chen, after the Battle of Muye had surpassed Chun Shenjun and became the representative of the Zhao .

The 30 thousand troops of the Qin were all sent to the Guanglang City barracks . After dealing with the military matters, Ouyang Shuo and his allies rushed to his tent for a meeting .

Ouyang Shuo told them all about what he had heard and learned of .

The Wu An lord had 5 generals under him, Wang He, Meng Ao, Wang Ling, Huan He and Ying Bao, after successfully surrounding the Zhao forces, they had around 500 thousand men .

Wang He didn't need any introduction . He faced off against Lianpo for 3 years, and at that time he and his 200 thousand men were camped at Laoma Ridge, building a fortress to block the passageway .

Guanglang City protector, Meng Ao, led 150 thousand men to build the southern line camp to block the Zhao army from going south down the Dan River .

Wang Ling and Ying Bao, the two secret units, had already been sent into play .

Wang Ling led 25 thousand cavalry and 30 thousand infantry to set up camp at the Gu Pass and Dongcang River intersection, blocking off the Zhao army from their supplies .

Ying Bao led 25 thousand cavalry and 10 thousand infantry to set up camp to the northeast of the rock wall, blocking any way out east from the Taihang Mountains .

Lastly was the 50 thousand cavalry led by Huan He, who hid in Guanglang City and acted as the reserve squad .

As for the manor of General Baiqi, it was set up outside the city and on top of Lang Mountain .

Similar to the Qin Army, the Zhao Army also had 500 thousand men, 400 thousand of which were trapped in the Changping Region . The remaining 100 thousand were at Gu Pass, which was the main granary of the Zhao army . Even without the support of Handan, this grain would be enough to last them for 2 months .

Such a one sided situation was something that Bai Hua and the others couldn't understand .

"This . . . Is Gaia fooling around? With such a situation, the Qin is bound to win . What kind of war is this? It's just free contribution points waiting for us to obtain them," Gong Chengshi said first .

"Stop fooling around . Gaia definitely has its reasons for arranging things like this," Xunlong Dianxue retorted .

"You!"

"Ok, stop fighting . " Feng Qiuhuang interrupted both of them . "Even if Gaia is fooling around, Di Chen wouldn't be such a fool to jump into a loss and even challenge us outright . "

"Qushou, if the Zhao army wants to break this situation, what can they do?" Bai Hua didn't join in the debate and wanted to see what Qushou had in mind . She was similar to Ouyang Shuo and trusted the professional advisor .

"Based on the current situation and what happened in history, the next step would be to fight to the death and attack Wang Ling's camp to meet up with his troops at Gu Pass and obtain their supplies . " Qushou didn't immediately express his opinion and just analyzed the current situation first, "In history, this attempt to break through the trap ended in failure . In the end the 400 thousand strong Zhao Army had to surrender due to the lack of grain . "

"Hence, I feel that their greatest chance would still be to try and break out . At the moment, they have numerous days worth of grain and also have their backs against the wall, their morale is their highest and its similar to fighting at their peak . In history, this attempt nearly succeeded but failed at the last moment . Now with the additional 40 thousand player troops, they might have a chance to overturn the situation . ”

Ouyang Shuo frowned and asked curiously, "Based on what you said, although they have 40 thousand more men, we have 30 thousand more too . Based on strength, I don't think we will lose out to their 40 thousand player troops . "

"That's right, not to mention the elite cavalry that big brother brought, with our cooperation and strength, the 10 thousand man disparity wouldn't be enough to change the direction of the war . " Xunlong Dianxue was doubtful .

"Also, with Di Chen and their carefulness, they wouldn’t take such a huge risk with only such a small advantage . There are definitely other factors," Feng Qiuhuang said .

"If, I'm just saying if, they brought large amounts of military grain pills for the Zhao army?" Wufu raised a bold guess .

Ouyang Shuo thought about it and shook his head, "That's not possible . The Zhao army has a total of 400 thousand people, together with the war horses and player army's own use, they would use 600 thousand pills a day . That would be 6,000 gold a day, in not even 10 days, I think that they would definitely go bankrupt . "

"Furthermore, even with the production power of Shanhai City, we can only produce 5000 a day . Millions of pills needed to be prepared so far in advance and make use of so many units of grain . With their strength and also the grain crisis from before, it’s impossible . "

All of the sudden, the meeting was at a standstill .



* * *





Chapter 265




Chapter 265-

Chapter 265- Solving the Mystery

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Just as the meeting between the Shanhai Alliance was at a standstill, Mulan Yue suddenly stood out .

Usually, when the brothers and sisters were discussing, she would sit at the side and act as a quiet listener . This time she stood up, attracting everyone's attention .

She wasn't scared or anything and said, "Cough, actually I feel that what Qushou said was right . The key lies in the player troops . "

"En?"

"Didn't we discuss this? They aren't enough to breakthrough,” Gong Chengshi said .

Ouyang Shuo waved him off and stopped the discussion . Then, he smiled as he looked at Mulan Yue, "What new idea do you have? Tell us . "

"En . " Receiving Ouyang Shuo's encouragement, Mulan Yue was even more confident and said, "I think that we have all been thinking that the player troops will be sent to the main camp with the main forces . What if they were sent to the camp at Gu Pass, how would the situation change?"

Ouyang Shuo was astonished . All the mysteries and doubts he had disappeared . He raised his head, looking straight at Qushou .

In a moment, everyone was shocked by Mulan Yue's view .

"This, this doesn't fit the battle settings, right?" Gong Chengshi said unconfidently .

Xunlong Dianxue shook his head and said solemnly, "Gu Pass is also a key base, if Gaia arranged it like that, it doesn't go against the battle settings . "

Ouyang Shuo was pretty much certain that Mulan Yue's answer was right . He happily looked at her, giving her a silent commendation . He turned toward Qushou, "So, what would happen if Yue Yue is right?"

Although the others knew that it would be bad if the enemy player troops were sent to Gu Pass, they didn't know how much of an effect it would have on the battle .

Only Qushou could solve this difficult problem .

Qushou focused, after contemplating and playing the situation in his mind, he spoke . "If the enemy player troops were sent to Gu Pass, it would be totally beneficial to the Zhao . They have two choices . First, they can attack the Ying Bao troops at the north and regain the passageway to Handan . Second, they can work with the main force to attack Wang Ling, destroying him and regaining contact between them and the main force . After that, they could destroy Ying Bao's forces . No matter what, they would be able to destroy the cage set up by Baiqi .

Hearing Qushou's analysis, the tent was totally silent .

"Qushou, there's something I don't understand . It makes sense to attack Ying Bao's forces, but to pincer Wang Ling's forces, wouldn't it be the same as them just landing in the main camp?"

"Of course not," Qushou said confidently, "The building of the camp mainly defends the southwest against the main force, and they didn't care much about Gu Pass as Ying Bao's forces were dealing with them . In history, the Gu Pass was attacked by 30 thousand troops and was nearly broken through . If the 40 thousand player troops were added, before reinforcements arrive, Wang Ling's forces would be totally destroyed . "

Qushou's analysis was so detailed that no one could retort .

Ouyang Shuo looked around and said, "Since things are like this, we must get ready for the worst case scenario . Ever if they force themselves through the trap, they will pay a heavy price and the battle will still favor us . Hence, we don't need to worry, preparing as we need to . "He looked at Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang, "You two will be in charge of liasoning with other lords . "

Both of them nodded .

"Ok, let's disperse; I need to make a trip to see the Wu An Lord . "

"This is only our conjecture . We have no proof, so do you think he will believe us?"

"No matter what, we need to give it a shot . " Ouyang Shuo wasn't confident but he needed to act like he was filled with confidence .

Qushou walked over . "Lord, before you see him, I suggest you go look for the general, Meng Ao . He's our direct superior . "

Ouyang Shuo froze and said in embarrassment, "You’re right, I forgot about it . "

General Meng Ao's manor was in Guanglang City . With Ouyang Shuo's representative status, he didn't face any problems and was able to meet the general .

Meng Ao's battle style was based on being safe . Hence, he was given the important responsibility of taking charge of the southern line to go against the deputy general of the Zhao army’s Zhao Zhuang .

In history, Meng Ao served a total of four dynasties, leading troops and getting victory after victory .

Not only that, about his son Meng Wu along with his grandsons Meng Kuo and Meng Yi, they were all the backbone of the Qin . They helped the Qin family, attacking territories and risking their lives, helping the Qin emperor unite the six states .

"Qiyue Wuyi greets the general!" Ouyang Shuo said respectfully .

To speak the truth, Meng Ao didn't pay much attention or place much importance on the 30 thousand player troops . Meeting Ouyang Shuo was just a normal meeting and he didn't plan to get close to him .

Meng Ao said calmly, "Why do you want to see me?"

Ouyang Shuo felt that Meng Ao was distancing himself, but for the sake of victory, he had to speak, "General, I am here to report some military intelligence . "

When he mentioned military intelligence, Meng Ao froze . "What military intelligence? Quickly speak!"

"General should know that the player troops were split into two camps . Based on my information, the Zhao Army has 42 thousand player troops, and as for where they are at, I don't know . "

Meng Ao started coldly . "This is your so called military intelligence? The Zhao Army has been boxed in by us and lack grain . Even 40 thousand player troops change nothing . Such a small matter, why did you come to see me?"

Meng Ao was furious as a killing aura emanated from him . As a general, to have such an aura was normal, much less so the great general of the Qin army .

Ouyang Shuo felt everything turn cold and a bloody smell emanated . Luckily, he wasn't a rookie and with a cycle of the , he dispersed the aura and it didn't cause any discomfort .

In truth, in a blink of an eye, Ouyang Shuo had returned to normal .

Meng Ao's eyes froze . To him, he had already kept his aura . His actions were to warn Ouyang Shuo to let him know his place and not act wildly .

He didn't expect that the young man in front of him would be unmoved and easily displace the aura . This was when he knew that the guy in front of him wasn't simple .

Ouyang Shuo knew that he had finally earned Meng Ao's respect, making the general not underestimate him . No matter what, what mattered in the military was strength .

Winning his respect didn't mean that he could persuade Meng Ao .

Ouyang Shuo continued to act respectful, "What general doesn't know is that we aren't teleported to a fixed spot . If their forces were sent to Gu Pass, it would be a huge change to the battle . "

Meng Ao was a capable character . Afte he heard Ouyang Shuo say that, he instantly understood . If Gu Pass had a sudden increase of 40 thousand troops, what kind of difference would it make to the battle?

He didn't dare to be careless and asked, "What proof do you have?"

In military tactics, intelligence was of utmost importance and without proof one couldn't make tactics .

Ouyang Shuo shook his head . "It’s just a conjecture, so there isn't any proof . "

"How am I supposed to act based on your conjecture?" His expression started to turn sour once again . Luckily, he knew that this matter was of utmost importance and Ouyang Shuo wasn't a person to talk nonsense, so he didn't blow up again .

This was where Ouyang Shuo was smart at . He knew that the generals wouldn’t pass over such important military intel, with or without evidence . Hence, he didn't need to falsify anything and just admit that it was his conjecture .

"Although it's just a conjecture, one out of two, there's a 50% chance . General, this affects the entire battle . Should we report this to the Wu An Lord?"

What Ouyang Shuo did was prohibited in military, going over his superior to report to an even higher level . If he was really Meng Ao's man, he would definitely die .

But Ouyang Shuo was helpless . The battlefield changed quickly and he was worried that they might miss the opportunity . If the Wu An Lord didn't get the news and the Zhao Army acted, it would be terrible .

As expected, Meng Ao's eyes stared coldly at Ouyang Shuo and his gaze was not as friendly . If he didn’t know that the players wouldn't stay for long, he would have blown up .

Facing his cold gaze, Ouyang Shuo wasn't fazed and instead became more resolute .

"You follow me to see the Wu An Lord!" Not knowing why, Meng Ao finally agreed .



* * *





Chapter 266




Chapter 266-

Chapter 266- Asura Baiqi

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

To the east of Guanglang City was a mountain ridge where people sometimes saw wolves going in and out, thus they called it Lang Mountain . This ridge ran from the northwest to the southeast; it was very high up, the highest point of the Dan River . Apart from forest cover and caves, it was just flat highlands with very open plains .

Position wise, Lang Mountain and Guanglang City were a bit outside of the central portion of Laoma Ridge, directly opposite the Zhao Army manor in Changping .

Ouyang Shuo followed behind Meng Ao and climbed up Lang Mountain . As the armies had been at it for 3 years, there were no longer any wolves here; the only signs of their past were white, dried up, feces .

The manor of Wu An’s Lord, Baiqi, was inside one of the largest caves in Lang Mountain .

Under the rocks of the cave, the floor made out of green rock made the place look magnificent . On the walls hung two huge maps, and the title of the maps were four huge words- Shangdou Shanchuan .

Below the map sat Baiqi . He had exquisite armor, and a black golden cape . By his side was a large sword that only Tieying Swordsmen had . His hair was as white as snow; his whole body was tanned and his face was ragged .

Seeing Baiqi, Ouyang Shuo found it hard to contain the excitement in his heart . The man in front of him was one of the four famous generals in the Warring States period, and was called asura Baiqi, undefeated in battle .

Whichever country he attacked, no one would be able to defend against him .

In the end, he was killed by the king of Qin, adding a sad ending to his illustrious story . Ouyang Shuo really wanted to thank Gaia for giving him the chance to meet such a legend face to face .

"Player representative Qiyue Wuyi greets Wu An Lord!" Ouyang Shuo bowed behind Meng Ao .

Baiqi raised his head, his eyes were the typical Qin’s three-cornered eyes . He looked at Meng Ao . "Aren't you supposed to be at Guanglang Town; why did you come here?"

Meng Ao didn't dare to be slow and repeated the military intelligence that Ouyang Shuo had reported .

Only then did Baiqi turn to Ouyang Shuo . He frowned and asked, "Do you have confidence?"

The look from Baiqi made Ouyang Shuo feel very uncomfortable . As a lord, it has been a long time since he had been looked down on .

Habits were certainly a deadly poison .

Ouyang Shuo gathered himself and said respectfully, "There's more than a 50% chance . "

Baiqi nodded, but he didn't say anything . Truthfully, Baiqi wasn't a rude person, him looking down on Ouyang Shuo was just setting the tone and to form up prestige in the military .

As the commander, Baiqi didn't want to have a force in his army that he couldn't control . The player force that appeared was certainly one . So, he acted as he did .

Seeing Ouyang Shuo quickly adjust himself, Baiqi was impressed . To be able to maintain a straight head and understand one's position was really important .

As compared to Meng Ao, Baiqi was far more decisive . "Since that's so, I'll immediately send Wang Ling to investigate . If it's true, we will make arrangements immediately . " Baiqi's actions were naturally appropriate as without actual intelligence, he couldn't act .

However, Ouyang Shuo still felt a little worried . As the Wu An Lord had already made a decision, he couldn't say anything more and could only helplessly follow Meng Ao back to Guanglang City .

When they returned, it was already the afternoon .

After Ouyang Shuo returned, Bai Hua and the others came into the camp . After sharing with his allies about what happened he said, "Everything has already happened, so the only thing we can do is prepare well . "

Upon hearing the news Ouyang Shuo brought back, they all felt very downhearted .

Only Gong Chengshi was more optimistic and laughed . "Cheer up guys, even if their plan succeeds, we will just have a war against them . "

"Little lion, you finally said something that made sense . " Xunlong Dianxue, who was closest to Gong Chengshi, teased .

The both of them always melted the cold atmosphere of the alliance .

Bai Hua stood up and said, “Wuyi, out of the 20 lords in the Qin camp, a total of 10,500 troops, they are only half of ours . Feng Wu and I calculated that they only have 3500 cavalry and the rest are infantry . How should we organize them?"

Ouyang Shuo had expected this and said, "In this battle, the Yanhuang Alliance is more famous than us . In the first two battles, we obtained such good results, but in the end, so few lords trust us . "

"Wuyi, don't worry . Most of the commoner lords haven't upgraded to a city, resulting in such a situation," Bai Hua consoled .

"That's right . " Feng Qiuhuang continued, "Wuyi, do you remember Hua Huo?"

"Hua Huo?" Ouyang Shuo thought hard . "Is it the lord of Qingyun Town, which had a historical general, Chen Tang?"

"That's right . However, now we should call it Qingyun City . This time, he chose to be in the same camp as us, so he's a lord that's worth recruiting . "

Ouyang Shuo nodded . "We should organize it this way . The 3500 cavalry will be added to Zhang Liao's forces, the remaining infantry will be under Chen Tang . In this battle, we must focus on the cavalry and not waste energy on infantry . "

"Okay, Feng Wu and I thought the same way . " Bai Hua nodded in agreement .

"Since that's so, why didn't you all say it and beat around the bush? Bai Hua, are you all testing me?" Ouyang Shuo teased .

Bai Hua laughed in embarrassment but didn't say a thing .

Feng Qiuhuang at the side laughed in delight and acted cute . "That's right, we’re testing you . "

"The tent became much more lively and Ouyang Shuo became a lot more relaxed .

"Okay, guys return to your tents and we will see what happens tomorrow!"

"What can happen? There will definitely be many days of peace before something big happens . "

"Hope so!" Ouyang Shuo still felt very worried .

Zhao camp, Gu Pass

Just as Mulan Yue had guessed, Gaia had placed the player forces in Gu Pass .

In Di Chen’s tent, the Yanhuang Alliance members all gathered .

"How is it; is everything going smoothly?" Zhan Lang asked Di Chen, who had just returned from the manor .

In the Yanhuang Alliance, ever since Sha Pojun's fought with Di Chen because of Shanhai City, Di Chen slowly became a loner . His only ally was Feng Qiuhuang's cousin, Feng Tianlie .

It was Chun Shenjun who used the influence of the Chunqiu Alliance to pull in Feng Qingyang, Xiong Ba, and Wandering Magic to form a faction . Adding Sha Pojun who recently became close to him, they took up more than half of the Yanhuang Alliance .

In the Alliance, only Zhan Lang maintained a neutral stance and became the person to mediate things between Di Chen and a Chun Shenjun .

Hence, although the Yanhuang Alliance didn't have a leader, in truth, it was Di Chen, Chun Shenjun, and Zhan Lang .

Di Chen himself was certain that with Chun Shenjun around, his position within the alliance wasn't looking too good . Luckily, he was careful during the Battle of Muye and earned himself a lot of merit points, becoming the player representative and gaining a temporary advantage .

Apart from that, the insider news regarding the Battle of Changping was obtained by his family . Hence in this battle, Di Chen held absolute command .

To his question, Di Chen didn't hesitate and answered, "Everything is going well; the Gu Pass general has agreed with our plan . "

To prepare for the Battle of Changping, Di Chen had thought hard . Using Zhan Lang's knowledge, before the battle even began, he had thought and thought to create a perfect plan . If this plan smoothly ran, they could help the Zhao win .

Hearing his reply, the tent instantly livened up .

"That's great!"

"Hehe, this time we will let Qiyue Wuyi see who’s boss!"

"That's right, he has no chance this time . "

Zhan Lang frowned; the optimism of his allies didn't spread to him and he couldn't help but speak, "This is only the first step; isn't it too early to celebrate? Think about how many times we have lost to him! Haven't you all remembered? Looking down on him will get us nowhere!"

"Zhan Lang, isn't that too harsh? You are destroying your own prestige . " Hearing his words, Feng Qingyang wasn't pleased, "How is this time the same? We have the initiative and the advantage . Amongst a million men, what can he do?" In the Yanhuang Alliance, Feng Qingyang was famous for not being afraid of anything so only he dared to talk like this to Zhan Lang .

"You!" Zhan Lang wasn't good with words, and being mocked like that, he was furious .

"Ok guys, we are all brothers, so why must we fight? Qingyang was only emotional, so Zhan Lang, don't take it to heart . " Chun Shenjun looked like he was calming the situation down but in truth, he was helping Feng Qingyang get out of the situation .

Zhan Lang turned his head and kept silent .

Di Chen looked coldly on from the side, he knew that the biggest weakness was that the members weren't unified and had formed their own sides . This was bound to happen with big powers, as one wouldn't be happy with another and they all had their own plans and motives .



* * *





Chapter 267




Chapter 267-

Chapter 267- Life and Death Assault

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

"Guys just go back first, we have a tough battle tomorrow waiting for us . " Di Chen said .

The atmosphere in the camp was weird, and upon hearing Di Chen say that, they were all glad and left, returning to their own camps .

The next morning, the Zhao army that was boxed in suddenly started to act, making Ouyang Shuo uneasy .

It was the middle of the 8th month, and the sky around Shangdou Mountain was clear for miles .

At 8 AM, horns sounded out in Changping Valley; the large number of red flags moved toward the north and south, the galloping of horses resounded like endless thunder . The Zhao forces had started moving .

The 150 thousand troops in the north were led personally by Zhao Kuo and headed straight for Wang Ling's camp . The 250 thousand on the south were led by Zhao Zhuang, and were in charge of intercepting Wang He and as well as Meng Ao to prevent them from aiding Wang Ling .

The movement of the Zhao Army naturally couldn't hide from Baiqi .

The only thing that surprised him was how quickly the Zhao Army wanted to break through, much different from what they had predicted . Thinking about the report from Qiyue Wuyi yesterday, Baiqi felt uneasy . Yesterday, he had sent someone to order Wang Ling to investigate . Unfortunately, in a short half a day, they didn't get a reply .

Baiqi was a special person . He calmed himself down and climbed on the viewing platform on the Langshan Mountain and started to organize the troops .

Based on his arrangement, Meng Ao's troops were in charge of attacking the Zhao Army, Wang He's forces in the northwest only needed to hold their own; he needed to split off 60 thousand men to go and aid Wang Ling .

Baiqi made it very clear to Wang He; the Qin army's main goal wasn't to defeat the Zhao Army main force at Changping Valley, but break through the barricade to ensure that Wang Ling's camp wasn't lost . The reason why he wanted Wang He to split off troops was because Wang He's army was strong and ferocious .

The huge change naturally couldn't be hidden from Ouyang Shuo and the others . The 30 thousand player force was placed into the Meng Ao army, leaving the camp and getting ready to fight against Zhao Zhuang's army .

Ouyang Shuo knew that Shanhai Alliance's elite cavalry wasn't suited for this kind of defense-oriented head to head battle . He requested to be sent by general Meng Ao to be in charge of breaching, and to go north to help out Wang Ling .

Meng Ao was always careful with using troops, and although he knew that Ouyang Shuo made sense, he didn't dare to make the decision and reported his suggestion to Baiqi, asking him to make the final decision .

Open hearing the report, his eyes froze . He knew that with Meng Ao's personality, based on the 150 thousand army at the southern camp, it was enough to delay Zhao Zhuang's forces . On the other hand the 60 thousand Wang He troops made to breach through was lacking . He didn't expect Ouyang Shuo's vision and analysis to be so sharp .

"Order the player cavalry troops to meet up with Heng He and prepare to attack . " Baiqi gave the order .

"Yes!"

When Ouyang Shuo received the order, he froze . Heng He's 50 thousand troops were all elite cavalry, gathering with them meant that they were going to fight to the death .

This battle, out of the lords, only Ouyang Shuo personally got out to battle while the rest stayed in Guanglang City .

"Wuyi, with all the generals commanding, wouldn't it be good for you to command in Guanglang City? Why must you personally act? What if something happens?" Bai Hua didn't agree with Ouyang Shuo .

Be it Ouyang Shuo himself or the 10 thousand elite cavalry from Shanhai City, they were the core troops of the player force . The moment he died, the Qin were bound to lose .

"Yes, I agree with Bai Hua . Brother Wuyi, didn't you not like to personally fight?" Mu Lanyue tried to persuade him .

Ouyang Shuo felt warm but he resolutely shook his head . "Don't worry, my strength can't be compared to last time . Anyways, I also have the Guards regiment protecting me, so nothing will happen . I won't do anything stupid, but I have a reason for going out . "

"Tell it to us . " Bai Hua didn't believe him .

"Firstly, the Battle of Changping is different . Meng Ao and the others are experienced generals, and there's no room for us to command, we can only act according to what they say . Hence, I won't have a say in all of that . ”

He continued . “Secondly, the biggest factor in this battle would be Gu Pass . Whatever happens with that will decide the war . I have to personally see what happens at Wang Ling camp to take a look . If not, I will feel uneasy . "

Hearing his explanation, Bai Hua and the others understood .

"Since that's the case, then be safe!"

Ouyang Shuo nodded, climbed up the Qingfu horse, and raised the Tianmo spear, getting ready to leave .

The 30 thousand player force split off at the gate of Guanglang City, then Chen Tang led 7000 infantry and followed the Meng Ao troops north to stop the Zhao Zhuang forces . Ouyang Shuo led the 24 thousand elite cavalry east and meeting with Huan He's troops who were hidden there .

Zhao Zhuang's army moved out in two directions towards the Qing army camps, who knew that a short kilometer away, they’d meet Qin Army's main force? On the west of Laoma Ridge were flags with "Wang" and on the north side of the Dan River were flags with the "Meng" word . The Qin Army coming out to fight was obviously so that they didn't want to be trapped fighting inside the camp .

Zhao Zhuang was also a war elite general, and upon seeing their forces, he knew that a deadly fight would occur . He immediately ordered, "The troops attacked the Qin troops from both directions, not allowing their troops to go passed the Changping Pass . " As the war drums sounded out, a bloody war started out on four fronts .

The black Qin army and the red Zhao army were like two floods, charging at one another . The collision of the forces reverberated through the valley .

The sounds of spears and swords, the shooting of arrows, and the cries and shouts made the mountains and rivers tremble .

The loud killing shouts passed through the valley and echoed, making one's blood boil .

These were the two strongest armies in the Warring States Era, and both were unbeaten in battle . The troops clashed courageously and without fear, with their bloodied weapons and low grunts, the entire mountain region was covered by the aura of this primitive brutal slaughter .

Chen Tang led 7000 infantry and was like a wooden raft in the ocean, quickly swallowed and he could only bitterly struggle .

Bai Hua and the others stood on the city wall of Guanglang City, and watching the merciless slaughter outside, they were shocked . Such a huge army made the less than 10 thousand man army look too minuscule .

Among Huo Hua and the other lords in the Qin camp, some were happy while others were worried . They were happy about their contribution points that rose and worried about how many soldiers would be able to survive from all of this .

For the troops at the southern side, the key was whether or not Wang He could break through .

However as two hours passed, Wang He's cavalry was still unable to break through, and Baiqi frowned . The valley in which Wang Ling's camp was in was narrow, and although good for defense, they couldn't make use of their huge amounts of troops . The only way to defend it was to maintain reinforcements .

It seemed like it has reached the most important time, and as Zhao Kuo and his 150 thousand men army attacked, Wang Ling struggled to defend .

"Emergency report: Wang Ling camp is in danger!"

Baiqi's face sank . “I order Huan He's troops to immediately move out!"

"Yes my lord!" The man immediately turned to a red flag on the building, this was the signal which the Qin Army prepared for emergency circumstances .

Huan He who was looking up, upon seeing the red flag swing, immediately got up on his horse and shouted, "All units, move out!"

"Kill! Kill! Kill!" What relieved him was an earth shattering shout .

As for Ouyang Shuo's player force, Huan He didn't trust him and arranged them to be at the back .

Ouyang Shuo didn't mind that and allowed Huan He and his 50 thousand cavalry to be at the front . The other players' troops were in the middle, Shanhai City's 10 thousand in front and the 14 thousand cavalry led by Zhang Liao at the back .

With such an arrangement, Zhang Liao was nicely in the center of the army, and it was easy for him to command and make adjustments to the forces .

Although Ouyang Shuo participated, he didn't take over command of the army, leaving it to the various generals . He was at the front of his forces, with the Guards regiments at his side . Standing right next to him was Shi Wanshui and Wang Feng .

The 70 thousand cavalry rumbled outwards and rushed northward .

Zhao Zhuang's forces were busy fighting against the main force of the Qin army, upon seeing the dust and smoke rise up from the side, they feared something was wrong but they couldn't move their forces . The looked over as the black cavalry forces charged northward .

At the moment the Zhao army was distracted, Wang He hollered and the cavalry around him instantly charged, breaking out of the Zhao army and charging towards the wilderness .

Zhang Zhuang panicked and shouted, immediately leading his men to cut in and block the remaining forces of the Qin army . With such charging and blocking, around 30-40 thousand of Wang He's cavalry got past the Zhao army .

Zhao Zhuang wanted to split some forces at the tail to chase but was intercepted by a few 10 thousand troops led by Meng Ao, who made a detour and attacked from the back . Both sides didn't want to let either side get away, so the hundreds of thousands strong army forces was caught up in a heated battle with one another .

Huan He's troops rushed like lighting to the northern battlefield, and what he saw tore his heart . From afar, Wang Ling's troops were nearly destroyed and they were on the brink of being eaten up .

Knowing that things were bad, Huan He hollered, "Sound the cowhorn horn!" 30 odd cowhorn horns sounded out, and this army that hadn't participated in a fight and was full of energy charged towards the camp .



* * *





Chapter 268




Chapter 268-

Chapter 268- Soldiers that Descended from Heaven

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The northern battlefield, before both sides started fighting .

Zhao Kuo split the 150 thousand troops into three: the main infantry force of 100 thousand into two waves, changing every hour, not giving the Wang Ling camp any time to rest; 50 thousand cavalry as the wings and focused on killing the cavalry that Wang Ling had hidden in the valley to sneak-attack them .

Everyone in the Zhao army was clear that this battle would result in loss or victory, thus they were all very motivated and had high morale . Zhao Kuo's flag waved on top of the hill as 50 thousand infantry soldiers charged forwards to the sound of the horn . With two archer squads providing cover fire, the troops charging in front immediately used wood planks to block up the moat . When they faced fire moats, they immediately threw mud and dirt into it; charging past it, scaling ladders and various wooden ladders were placed onto the walls and the soldiers charged up .

In an hour when the first wave was slightly tired, the second wave took over and continued the attack .

With such a tsunami like, slaughter-filled blood bath, after four rounds, the Wang Ling camp was badly hurt . What was worse was that the 25 thousand cavalry he hid in the valley, under the interception by Zhao Kuo's 50 thousand cavalry, had lost their ability to sneak-attack .

The relentless attacks by the Zhao army were blocked with crossbows, alchemical fire oil cabinets, heavy rocks, etc . , but such large-scale machinery broke down and weren't repairable . Luckily, Wang Ling was fast and gave up on defending the northern side, and reorganizing 10 thousand cavalry back into the camp, all their troops turned southwards to defend .

The Zhao army attacked wave after wave; their relentless assault seemed too much for the 30 thousand Qin troops, and they looked like they couldn't hold off any longer . Just at this moment, the shouts of 70 thousand men sounded out from the stone wall side, as the Qin army was surrounded on both sides by the red flood .

Wang Ling took out his sword and jumped out of the moat, shouting, "Brothers! Fight to the death! Kill them!" In an instant, all the Qin soldiers gave up on their machines and jumped out of the moat, waving their swords and spears while starting to fight head on .

Unfortunately, however, much courage couldn’t overcome the huge difference in numbers .

For this battle, Di Chen and the others had risked much, bringing their most elite soldiers . 40 thousand player troops along with the 30 thousand Zhao army at the Gu Pass were like soldiers that descended from heaven as they attacked the northern side of the camp .

The northern side at this moment was defenseless, as Wang Ling was forced to give it up due to the pressure from Zhang Kuo's army . Seeing the enemy charge in from the north, they were too late to defend and were now boxed in .

The emergency call from the northern side was something that Wang Ling could only helplessly ignore as there was nothing he could do . He could only watch on as the northern side of the camp was breached .

Di Chen and the others stood on top of the Gu Pass and looked on at the battle, all of them filled with confidence . In truth, the battle was happening as they had expected .

Be it the Qin Army or the Zhao Army, they were equally strong with elite equipment, and both were fearless and vicious .

The last straw that destroyed the Wang Ling camp was the 40 thousand player forces . Their addition was like a fierce lion, under Zhan Lang's leadership, they wielded the swords and spears in their hands and charged straight into the forces of Wang Ling, slaughtering them and taking life after life .

Seeing his men fall one after another, Wang Ling hollered .

When Baiqi was the leader of thousands, Wang Ling led hundreds of cavalry; since then he had been the cavalry general of the Qin Army . When Baiqi sent out a trump card, he would definitely choose Wang Ling as he was flexible and fearless .

The situation at hand was a close combat battle, the Qin army's only choice was to fight to the death until reinforcements arrive . Wang Ling's intelligence and flexibility wasn't of any use now .

When Huan He's forces arrived to assist, Wang Ling's forces neared total destruction with very little remaining .

Zhao Kuo commanded the troops atop of a hill nearby, and upon seeing the reinforcements, he laughed coldly . He ordered the troops who came from Gu Pass to continue to destroy the forces of Wang Ling to open up a path between the main force and Gu Pass .

At the same time, he ordered the troops that he brought to turn around to face Huan He's forces . After a morning of battle, the 150 thousand force was left with 120 thousand men . Even so, he was confident in stopping Huan He .

Zhao Kuo ordered his troops to get into formation to get ready for Huan He's forces . The cavalry temporarily backed off to the back of the formation and were getting ready to go together with the infantry to pincer Huan He's cavalry .

After the failure last time, Zhao Kuo had grown more mature . His plan and formation was strict and detailed, not leaving any chance for the enemy .

Seeing their formation, Huan He frowned . He knew that even if he broke through, Wang Ling's forces had a high chance of being destroyed . The best choice would be to retreat .

However once he thought about how Wang Ling was still defending hard and also about the thousands of brothers waiting for him to save them, Huan He could only leave all his worries and his only action was a fight to the death .

If Huan He was relying purely on his 50 thousand troops, he had totally no confidence in succeeding . But luckily for him, he had 20 thousand elite player cavalry behind him .

With the 74 thousand elite cavalry against the 120 thousand Zhao troops that had just fought a large battle, Huan He was confident in being able to save Wang Ling .

The horn that signaled the battle to the death sounded out as the cavalry charged forwards fearlessly .

The horn spread through the Dongcang Valley, and when the Wang Ling troops heard the familiar horn, they were on the verge of crying . They knew that reinforcements had finally arrived .

Only Wang Feng frowned as he thought about it sadly . "The reinforcements are too late; they won't make a difference . "

When Ouyang Shuo rushed to the battlefield and saw the situation, he felt the same as what Huan He felt . The only difference was he noticed that amongst the sea of red attacking Wang Ling's forces, there was a thick black stream . Needless to say, they were definitely the player forces from the Zhao camp .

The scene in front of him definitely shocked him . Luckily he had already made the mental preparations, and seeing it happen, he sighed .

Seeing the army blow the horn, Ouyang Shuo didn't have much time to think and just followed the army and charged towards Zhao Kuo's forces .

Ouyang Shuo was thinking that even if they didn't manage to save Wang Ling, they had to destroy Zhao Kuo's forces .

Just at that moment, Huan He's orders were passed . He ordered the player cavalry force to intercept Zhao army's 40 thousand cavalry while he led 50 thousand cavalry to attack Zhao Kuo's troops .

The commander Shi Wanshui didn't hesitate and immediately ordered them to cut in from the right to intercept the 40 thousand cavalry .

This was the first time that the Shanhai city cavalry fought against an elite cavalry force . This was the best time to test the troops, and Ouyang Shuo wasn't sure what the outcome would be .

This time, the ones leading the charge was the 2nd regiment of the 1st division . General E'Lai rode on Luosha, and was at the front of the force .

The 2nd regiment was a heavy armored cavalry force, and could be said to be the strongest armored cavalry in the cold weapons era . Under the leadership of Er'Lai and Lin Yi, they were like an iron flood which collided with the enemy .

Ever since the Zhao started using the lighter armored cavalry, cavalry had been their stronger soldier type . They wore lighter and tighter leather armor, and were equipped with crescent knives .

With the light armored cavalry facing the heavy armored cavalry, especially when both sides have enough charging distance, the outcome was obvious .

The 2nd regiment was like a hammer which smashed a bloody path in the Zhao’s cavalry force .

Following this path, the Guards unit followed closely behind and destroyed the cavalry who tried to stop the second regiment, making the blood path wider and wider .

Ouyang Shuo followed beside the Guards regiment, using the Tianmo spear and showing off the strengths of the Yang Family spear technique . The bloodthirst specialty of the spear was activated and a demonic red glow emanated from it .

Seeing their Marquis being so magnificent, Shanhai city cavalry's morale was raised .

Following the hole that was created, the young General Luo Shixin led the 4th regiment and the independent regiment, and charged in .

Seeing Shanhai City's soldiers show their might, Zhang Liao, who was commanding in the center wasn't any worse, and he ordered the 14 thousand alliance soldiers to follow up and expand their advantage .

Just like that, the elite Zhao cavalry was, because of their arrogance, taught a huge lesson .

Be it Zhao Kuo who was commanding from the hill or Huan He who was leading his troops to attack, they were shocked to see such a scene . Obviously they weren't expecting the player force to have such strong combat ability .

Seeing the situation was getting out of hand, as they might actually break through and assist Wang Ling, this wasn't what he wanted . He hollered, "Cavalry, follow me!"

Zhao Kuo's 1000 man cavalry were all first rate warriors who were all highly skilled . The war horses that they used were also very rare and near extinct .

They were like a whirlwind which charged down the hill, and they rushed to block the 2nd regiment .

A traditional heavy armored cavalry like the 2nd regiment had really obvious strengths and weaknesses . Once they went ahead, they were unstoppable . The weakness would be that they could turn and their flexibility was bad . They had already slowed down, and facing the thousand man cavalry force led by Zhao Kuo, they were at a disadvantage .



* * *





Chapter 269




Chapter 269-

Chapter 269- Wang Ling's Death

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

At the crucial moment, Zhao Kuo personally led the 1000 man cavalry to block off Shanhai City's 2nd regiment .

From the 2nd regiment's perspective, the cavalry of the Zhao army were like clouds, they seemed like they were beside you but you just couldn't hit them . When you drew back your blade, your enemy just charged towards you like a well oiled machine . It was really difficult to defend against this quick and vicious cavalry force .

Luckily with Er'Lai, the 2nd regiment was able to get into a defensive formation and it was enough to protect themselves .

After all, as the player troops had a limited amount of men, even though they could create a hole in the 40 thousand Zhao troops, they were unable to break through to assist the 2nd regiment .

The Zhao army cavalry immediately retaliated after they regained their senses, using their numbers advantage to box up the enemy troops .

About the 20 thousand player force, apart from a portion of them being elite cavalry, a larger portion of them couldn't compete against the Zhao army, especially the cavalry from the other lords .

At this point, the 2nd regiment were blocked off, and only the Guards regiment were weaving left and right through the Zhao army formation with the intention to try to break out .

Shi Wanshui took the initiative to replace Er'Lai and act as the arrowhead . Such a fierce general wasn't something Zhao Zhuang could compete against; even more so his other generals, as they were all no match for him .

The battle went into a stalemate once again .

With such a delay, the remaining Wang Ling forces under the relentless attacks of the army from Gu Pass had finally met their end .

Wang Ling looked around and tragically said, "Brothers, let’s give it our all!"

The remaining Wang Ling forces charged forwards towards the Gu Pass forces .

Viewing death as a liberation and not being afraid of it .

Zhan Lang who was on the opposite side was infected by the sadness and courage of the Qin army troops, staying silent .

However, this was war . Zhan Lang tossed aside his emotions and shouted, "Kill!"

If one compared Wang Ling's remaining forces as a rock, representing the stubbornness of the Qin army, then the red and blacks army of the Gu Pass were like a wave, striking the rock with tremendous power .

The rock which was already cracked immediately broke apart and exploded .

At that moment, one of Wu An Lord's six generals, Wang Ling, died in battle .

"Wang Ling!" Huan He cried out .

When he heard their last shouts, he knew that something wasn't right . In the end, he wasn't able to save Wang Ling's life and could only watch on as he died on the battlefield .

All of the sudden, the Qin soldiers emanated a tragic and depressed aura .

Just at this point, General Wang He had led 30-40 thousand cavalry and rushed here . Hearing Huan He's cries, he shivered, filling him with a bad feeling .

Wang He's forces gathered with Huan He's, upon seeing the sadness spreading around, he was even more uneasy, stuttering as he asked," Huan He, what happened to Wang Ling's forces?"

Wang He's words pulled Huan He back to reality, and his voice was cold as ice as he gritted his teeth . "Wang Ling died . We must take revenge for him!"

"What?" Wang He was shocked; in the end he had came a step too late, making him feel guilty .

Compared to Huan He with his emotional outbreak, Zhao Kuo was much calmer as he ordered the 1000 man cavalry general to take over in leading them while he went back to the hill to command the forces .

He knew that Huan He's attacks had hurt Zhao's forces, so if Wang He's forces attacked too, it would be detrimental for them .

Luckily at the crucial moment, the Gu Pass soldiers were able to destroy the remaining Wang Ling forces . Zhao Kuo ordered for the Gu Pass army to cross the camp and meet up with the main force to defend against Huan He and Wang He's forces .

"General, shouldn't we head back to Gu Pass first?" The advisor suggested to Zhao Kuo .

His meaning was since the connection between the main force and Gu Pass had been restored, they should go back before making further plans .

"No!" Zhao Kuo refused . It wasn't that he was arrogant, just that as the overall commander, he was thinking much further . Although they destroyed Wang Ling's forces today, the main force of Qin army was still here .

If they backed off, then Zhao Zhuang's forces at the south line would be pincered and would end up in the same state as Wang Ling had .

And the moment his troops were destroyed, Zhao would lose their ability to rule . One must know that within the Zhao, they were unable to call upon any more soldiers .

Hence, in the larger picture, Zhao would still lose, and this wasn't what he wanted to see .

"I order all troops to push on; we go south to assist General Zhao Zhuang . " Zhao Kuo ordered without hesitation . "Also, order Zhao Zhuang to compact his forces and wait for reinforcements . "

"Yes!" The advisor immediately waved the military flag to spread the orders .

With his arrangement, in the entire valley, the armies of the Qin and Zhao would meet, both sides having forces boxed in by the enemy . It was very majestic .

To the north, it was Zhao Kuo's army which had joined up with the Gu Pass forces, after so much fighting, they had 120 thousand infantry and 35 thousand cavalry .

Opposite them were Wang He and Huan He's forces . With the player forces, they had 100 thousand cavalry .

Behind them were the Zhao Zhuang forces who were fighting against the Qin army . After a slaughter, they had around 200 thousand men with a mix of infantry and cavalry .

As for Meng Ao and Wang He's remaining forces, they had around 250 thousand troops left .

North of the 50 kilometer stone wall were still 35 thousand men from Ying Bao's forces . Similarly, the Zhao army still had 70 thousand men in Gu Pass to monitor Ying Bao's army .

Hence, in terms of strength, both sides were still very equal .

The 6 forces interlacing and fighting one another was an amazing spectacle .

At this moment, it was a huge test of the commander's ability . In this aspect, Baiqi had the upper hand .

Baiqi had been watching the battle atop of Lang Mountain, and every change in the battlefield couldn't escape his eyes . The only thing he didn't expect was for the Gu Pass to suddenly have the 40 thousand elite player force, which was something he couldn't react to in time, and caused the destruction of Wang Ling's forces .

With such a situation, both forces looked equally matched and both sides had a chance to win .

With Zhao Kuo, if Zhao Zhuang worked together to pincer Wang He and Huan He, they could eat up their cavalry forces . Similarly, Baiqi could pincer Zhao Zhuang from the north and south . What mattered now was who was more skilled .

In truth, the Qin army still held the advantage .

Firstly, Wang He and Huan He's forces hadn't participated in the war, so they were still fresh . They were the only people who hadn't used up any energy in fighting .

Secondly, their forces were purely cavalry, and in terms of flexibility and speed, they were much stronger than the Zhao army . On the other hand, Zhao Kuo only had 30 thousand cavalry left and the rest were all infantry, how could they contend against Wang He and Huan He's cavalry?

Thirdly was that the Zhao army was scared . After being boxed up, the Zhao army didn't dare to advance and go all out southwards to fight against the Qin army . If they were boxed in again, it would be disastrous .

Zhao Kuo wasn't stupid, and he also saw this . Hence, he only wanted to save Zhao Zhaung's forces and return to Gu Pass .

Both commanders were exceptional people . What Zhao Kuo lacked was mainly practical experience . The recent few wars had taught him lessons and had improved him a lot .

Baiqi, on the other hand, was able to see the situation clearly and make decisive decisions, ordering Wang He and Huan He to immediately group up and charge south to attack Zhao Zhuang's troops .

When Huan He received the orders, he looked at the enemy opposite them with disgust as he shouted, "Let's move!"

Receiving the order to retreat, the 2nd regiment stopped fighting with the 1000 man cavalry of the Zhao army, turning around and going down south . At this moment, the Guards regiment appeared to assist them . Along with the help of Wang He's forces, they smoothly got out from the grip of the Zhao army cavalry .

The two armies were interlaced and fighting, and to be suddenly separated was a huge test of the leader's ability . Especially when Huan He and the player force's cavalries retreated, they were leaving their backs open to the enemy .

Hence, they all retreated together . If not, it would’ve made them an easy target for the enemy .

Luckily, be it Wang He, Huan He, Shi Wanshui or Zhang Liao, they all had vast experience and knew how to retreat, cover, and arrange their troops .

This was adding with the fact that Zhao Kuo's army, who had attacked Wang Ling's camp, were already exhausted . They also had to forcefully hold off Huan He's army, and thus their strength was entirely used up .

Under the strict and detailed arrangements of the generals, they couldn't find a way to attack, and naturally just allowed them to leave .

Seeing the 100 thousand Qin forces charge towards Zhao Zhuang's army, Zhao Kuo could only focus . He ordered the Gu Pass force to be at the frontline and start to go south to assist them .

As the Gu Pass soldiers had only rushed out at the crucial moment to destroy the tired Wang Ling's forces, in terms of stamina, they hence still had a lot left .



* * *





Chapter 270




Chapter 270-

Chapter 270- Fire-Beacon Lights up Again

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Baiqi was good at analyzing the battle as well as his and the enemy's forces, and also to think of a correct strategy and tactic to destroy them . Sieging and gaining land wasn't his only goal, but rather to destroy the enemy’s strength . He was good in wildlands battles and when he fought, he wanted to crush the enemy .

Ordering Wang He and Huan He's troops to give up on attacking Zhao Kuo, but instead pincer Zhao Zhuang, showed how Baiqi used his men .

The plan to box in the Zhao army had failed, but it didn't make him depressed . His next goal was to destroy as much of the Zhao army as possible to achieve victory in future battles .

After seeing the strength of the player force, Huan He stopped looking down on the players . When they charged down south, he didn't ask the player force to stay at the back . Instead, it was Wang He's 30-40 thousand cavalry .

A hundred thousand cavalry charged towards Zhao Zhuang's forces with a lightning quick pace . Zhao Kuo's 150 thousand men could only chase them as the dirt and dust sprayed into their eyes .

At this moment, Zhao Zhuang's 200 thousand men were fighting together with Meng Ao and the remainder of Wang He's troops . To destroy their army, Baiqi gave the order to hold them there and not let them escape .

Meng Ao gave the order for his troops to go around the Zhao Zhuang army and block their way north . The infantry troops were like a metal chain wound around the Zhao Zhuang army .

Zhao Zhuang was also experienced, and after receiving Zhao Kuo's orders, he immediately reorganized his troops . He placed his infantry to the south and also set up a defensive line to block Meng Ao and Wang He . He shifted the cavalry to the northern side to break down the defensive chain that Meng Ao had set up .

Four hundred to five hundred thousand troops started to engage in battle in the Dan River Valley .

Baiqi sat atop Lang Mountain and looked down . With the golden view, he accurately commanded his troops to attack together and retreat together, locking up Zhao Zhuang's forces .

Zhao Zhuang was locked up, unable to see the whole situation, and could only fight on the back foot .

After several rounds of trying, Zhao Zhuang had given up on trying to escape with his ability . He reorganized the troops once again to defend against the Qin army who were charging down south .

Zhao Zhuang was clear that his goal was to delay until Zhao Kuo sent reinforcements . That was the time he could retaliate, and whoever won or lost would then be decided .

After he organized his troops, 100 thousand were in the middle and 50 thousand were at each of the wings, a total of 200 thousand troops .

About the cavalry troops at the sides, each one had a knife and a bow, and their troops were neatly organized .

Based on the situation on the battlefield, the organization of the central troops were a little weirder, changing based on what happened to the north and south .

The 20 lines from the front and back were all soldiers with leather shields and crescent knives, the next 15 were spear tossers, and the next line were archers . Each line had 1000 men . At the two sides of the formation were towers, each of which hung a giant red flag with the word "Zhao" .

One could imagine, to adapt to the pincer by the Qin army, how much effort Zhao Zhuang placed into it . The cleverness was shown in how he could make arrangements and reorganize in the chaos of battle .

Seeing Zhao Zhuang adapt so well, Baiqi felt emotional .

No wonder that they were regarded as they only army in the period that could rival the Qin army . Be in infantry strength or their leaders ability, they were equal with the Qin army . The only thing they lacked was national strength .

They had successfully boxed in Zhao Zhuang's army, so Baiqi gave the order for Meng Ao's infantry troops to back down and gather with the main force, leaving some space for the 100 thousand cavalry that were arriving .

At the same time, Baiqi ordered the remaining Wang He forces to go towards the western side of Zhao Zhuang's forces . Meng Ao's forces were organized to the eastern side and formed another pincer formation .

Baiqi's goal was to use the troops from the east and west to hold down the cavalry at the wings, and cause them to fight with the cavalry that were coming down south .

His arrangement made Zhao Zhuang feel really uncomfortable, like a locked up beast . The only weakness was the southern side, which looked like the way out, but in truth it was the most dangerous one .

What made him helpless was that he was prepared for the north and south pincer, but he didn't arrange any preparations on the east and west . This made all his plans useless, and it was too late to change his arrangements .

The gap between Baiqi and Zhao Zhuang showed in this battle .

The thundering sound of horses galloping resounded in the ears . The sound travelled from afar, what seemed like miles away was now really close by .

Zhao Zhuang knew that the enemy's cavalry had finally arrived .

As the smoke for the fire beacon rose up once again, a battle was about to be unveiled on the Changping Valley .

"Raise your shields!" The commander ordered .

Compared to the heavy armored Qin army, the Zhao army were light armored, their leather shields were round and big, and their crescent knives were sharp and light .

The war horses of the Qin army all had armor, and the cavalry all had long swords and carried long bows .

This was a battle of spear and shield . Huan He knew that his goal was to lead the cavalry straight to Zhao Zhuang . If they couldn't get totally through, they would run the risk of being surrounded .

The two wings of the Zhao Zhuang army tried to cut in and face the Qin Army Cavalry . However, the Qin troops at the eastern and western sides were like a metal chain, and dragged them back into a battle .

The black flood braced the arrows and spears, and relentlessly attacked . After heavy casualties, the vanguard forces led by Huan He finally broke in to the front of the Zhao army forces .

Their cavalry were like unstoppable beings, making use of the momentum, not bothering about the crescent knife soldiers and charging in . They quickly broke through the first line, then the second, then the third .

The crescent knife soldiers of the Zhao Army didn't back down . The crescent knives in their hands were like water and accurately cut the legs of the horses . In an instant, the cavalry were flung off the horses, and what awaited him were knives to the body .

The player cavalry troops led by Shi Wanshui were located in the center of the 100 thousand men .

Luckily for that, they were able to avoid most of the arrows and spears . If not, they definitely would have suffered heavy casualties before they would be able to enter the Zhao army region .

Under the circumstances that Huan He's Army had paid a heavy price, they finally broke through the crescent knives soldiers and spear tossers . What was next were the totally defenseless archers .

Once they broke through to such a position, the pressure on the player force in the middle as well as Wang He's forces at the back lessened a lot . They were like a flood as they crashed into Zhao Zhuang’s forces .

When Huan He's troops fought into the center, they had already used up all their energy . He made the decision to lead his troops to attack the left and right, and destroyed the 30 thousand archers .

Shi Wanshui led the player force and followed through the bloody road opened up by Huan He's troops . They effortlessly broke through the crescent knife soldiers and spear tossers and came to the archer formation .

Under the instructions of Huan He, the player force didn't stop and continued to charge forwards .

After the archers, it was the spear tossers and crescent knife soldiers once again .

About Huan He's orders, Ouyang Shuo was furious . He thought Huan He had started to learn his lesson and become a nicer person . Instead he was letting his troops kill the defenceless archers while the player force went forwards to fight the hard part .

Since it was an order, Ouyang Shuo was helpless and told Shi Wanshui to continue on .

Thinking about it carefully, Huan He's plan wasn't that bad . Out of the three forces, Wang He's forces lost a lot, and Huan He's forces, which acted as the vanguard, also lost many .

The only ones who were perfectly fine were the player forces in the center .

Hence, the charging mission would definitely be given to the player force .

Luckily the Shanhai City army was strong, and they had fought many battles .

The archers in the center were chased around by Huan He's forces, and they ran into the formation in the back, making it messy and not as neat as before .

Shi Wanshui grabbed the chance to order his troops to charge forward . They had to break through in one swoop .

Compared to the Qin army cavalry, the 2nd regiment and Guards regiment were much stronger . Their Qingfu horses were much stronger than the war horses from the Qin army, giving Shi Wanshui the confidence .

The player force effortlessly charged through the spear tosser formation, they charged towards the crescent knife formation like a tsunami, sweeping past the Zhao army .

Seeing the middle of the formation being destroyed, Baiqi made the order for the forces on the west and east to charge forward and swarm Zhao Zhuang's troops .

In a moment, the sky changed . The once blue and sunny sky suddenly became gloomy and cloudy .

Zhao Zhuang was in the middle of everything; the guards by his sides were split apart, and he had lost all ability to command .

Such a huge army had instantly lost their direction and became chaotic . The soldiers started to fight for themselves and couldn't differentiate between north, south, east, and west, resulting in heavy casualties in a short time .

On the other hand, the Qin army under Baiqi's commands were a whole machine . They surrounded and attacked, taking bite after bite out of the Zhao Zhuang army .

Baiqi's commanding skills were at the pinnacle of the art .

His brain was like a machine, accurately calculating each step . Each small detail on the battlefield couldn't escape his eagle eyes, and was used to his advantage .

Zhao Zhuang's army was instantly in danger, and was on the verge of collapsing .

At the crucial moment, Zhao Kuo finally led his troops and rushed forward to reinforce them .



* * *





Chapter 271




Chapter 271-

Chapter 271- You Win Some You Lose Some

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The last minute arrival of Zhao Kuo's forces saved Zhao Zhuang, who was on the verge of collapsing .

The high capabilities and body qualities of the Zhao army were displayed to the fullest . Even though they were always in danger and suffered heavy casualties, no one escaped and all of them fought courageously .

One had to say that this was a huge miracle during the Warring States Period .

After Zhao Kuo arrived, he took over command and made the scattered Zhao Zhuang forces gather up again . With the addition of 150 thousand men from Zhao Kuo's forces, it created a lot of pressure for the Qin army .

Seeing that things weren’t going smoothly, Baiqi immediately ordered his troops to split off .

Zhao Kuo didn't chase them, and after gathering together with Zhao Zhuang's forces, they waltzed back to Gu Pass .

This huge battle occurred in 3 waves, and lasted an entire day with both sides losing over 100 thousand men . The Changping Valley became a deathland; fresh blood stained the ground, and it would never be used to plant crops .

After the battle, the Qin army arranged to gather the corpses and bury them . They collected all the weapons and armor that could be used and found the horses that were scattered around .

The sky of Changping was terrifyingly gloomy, signifying that the war was far from over .

When nighttime came, rain started to fall . Slowly, the rainfall got bigger and bigger and became a storm, enveloping the entire Changping region .

The rainwater washed off the blood on the battlefield, and the red water now flowed into the Dan River, staining it red too . The red rainwater was the best description of this battle .

After the storm, there was a huge change to the land, and it seemed like nothing had even happened .

In this battle, the Zhao army had successfully broke through from the cage that the Qin army had set up . Although their lost much, they had succeeded .

The Qin army was feeling depressed . Not only did the enemy escape, but their general Wang Ling had also died . His whole army going under was definitely a sad thing .

Based on the battle settings, when non camp leaders like Wang Ling died, after the battle ended, they would have no chance of appearing in the wilderness and were completely gone .

In the Lang Mountain manor, Baiqi's face was dark and gloomy .

All the generals and advisors sat on 2 rows of 6 stone stools, looking extremely serious . Ouyang Shuo, as the player representative, was invited to this meeting . He sat quietly at the corner, not saying anything .

Based on the military advisor's calculations, apart from the total annihilation of Wang Ling's forces, Huan He had lost over 10 thousand, Wang He lost 40 thousand, Meng Ao lost 30 thousand, and in total, the Qin army lost close to 150 thousand .

On the side of the player force, Ouyang Shuo made his own calculations . Of the 7000 infantry led by Chen Tang, there were around 4000 who successfully left the battlefield .

Out of the 24 thousand cavalry, around 20 thousand were left . Shanhai City's 10 thousand cavalry were in charge of attacking and suffered heavy casualties, losing 2000 men, paining Ouyang Shuo’s heart .

In the Battle of Changping, the 10 thousand cavalry that Ouyang Shuo brought was half of what Shanhai City had, and to lose 20% in a day was definitely heartbreaking .

"We lost this battle because of the 40 thousand player force that rushed out of Gu Pass . Yesterday Qiyue Wuyi told me about it, but I didn't place much importance on it and hence we lost . "

What was surprising was that Baiqi didn't blame his generals or advisors and took up all the blame .

Wang He and the others shifted their gazes towards Ouyang Shuo, who was sitting in the corner . Out of all of them, Huan He's gaze was the most friendly as he had witnessed the strength of the player force .

Being the focus of all these generals and leaders, Ouyang Shuo trembled . He stood up and said, "Baiqi, the players landing in Gu Pass wasn't expected and couldn't have been predicted . In a short day for them to take action was impossible to defend against . "

"That's right!" Everyone agreed .

Ouyang Shuo wasn't trying to find excuses for Baiqi, even though his planning was poor, but his commanding and leadership was what turned everything around .

Zhao Zhuang's forces had 50 thousand men left, a shocking number similar to the number of men that Wang Ling's forces had lost .

"Wu An Lord, the Zhao Army has gotten out, so what should we do next?" Wang He asked .

Baiqi looked at the map, and a long silence followed .

The meeting just ended like this . With Baiqi's ability, he also couldn't craft a shocking plan in such a short time, so he could only look on at the map .

After Ouyang Shuo got off the mountain, he reported the situation to the allies, and everyone were similarly speechless .

Since it was like this, Ouyang Shuo asked Qianshou to do a prediction for what was going to happen . Only until the dead of night did Qianshou leave from Ouyang Shuo's tent .

The contents of their secret conversation was something that outsiders would not find out about .

After rushing to Gu Pass, apart from the 70 thousand that were left there, the Zhao army had around 300 thousand men left .

Compared to the Qin Army, they had lost far more, close to 170 thousand . Purely Zhao Zhuang had lost over 100 thousand . Including those who attacked Wang Ling's camp, they had paid a heavy price .

Gu Pass wasn't able to keep such a huge army .

Helplessly, Zhao Kuo arranged a general to lead 50 thousand men to take over Wang Ling's camp and also Zhao Zhuang to take 150 thousand men and camp at the foot of Gu Pass . The remaining 100 thousand would remain there .

Zhao Kuo moved his base to Gu Pass, and after resting, the first thing he did was to clear the path to Handan . This was to obtain a continuous grain supply .

Gu Pass' grain supply could only last them for a month .

Compared to Zhao Kuo, Baiqi's reaction was faster and more decisive .

Just as Zhao Kuo had arranged 100 thousand men out of the pass to destroy Ying Bai's forces, he had received Baiqi's orders and had taken his men out of Changping Pass .

Baiqi knew that the main force of the Zhao army was the one attacking, and with only 40 thousand men, Ying Bak would definitely not be able to defend the Hukou Pass . Since that was the case, why not just retreat and reduce unwanted casualties?

With that, the two armies seemed to have went back to the situation of the 3 year faceoff between Wang He and Lianpo .

In truth, be it Zhao Kuo or Baiqi, they wouldn't make such a decision . A 3 year standoff, regardless of whichever country it was, the burden that war had on the nation was far more than what it could handle .

With large amounts of grains sent to the war front, numerous civilians enlisting to serve, numerous people helping to transport resources, and many young men sent to war, the country's economy was on the verge of collapse .

This was especially the Qin, who were fighting a war far away from home, making a long transport route . With every unit of grain sent, 4-5 units would be wasted .

If they continued to standoff, even a strong country like Qin wouldn't be able to hold on, and their country's power would be lost in the war .

Gu Pass, Di Chen’s tent

"The first step is successfully completed, isn't it time for the second step?" Xiong Ba asked .

Di Chen nodded . "I'll suggest it during the meeting tonight . "

"Great!"

"Do you think Zhao Kuo will agree with our plan?"

"He definitely would . Today's victory is definitely enough to show the problem . "

"Zhan Lang, what do you think?"

In the battle, Zhan Lang led the player forces to destroy Wang Ling, even taking Wang Ling down . In the battle contribution points ranking, he was second, only behind Ouyang Shuo .

The reason Ouyang Shuo was higher was because of the kills by Shanhai City's 10 thousand cavalry .

Hence, Zhan Lang's prestige in the Yanhuang Alliance grew .

Zhan Lang laughed . "Based on what I see, even if we don't raise it, Zhao Kuo would have already thought of it . "

"How so?"

"Don't underestimate him . In history, under the pressure of the Qin army, Zhao Kuo could defend 46 days without grain and the army didn't riot . He would definitely learn his lesson from this battle and find another way to break the Qin . With his character, he definitely won't defend like Lianpo . " Zhan Lang analayzed .

"Smart!" The allies commended him for his great analysis .

"It seems like we have a 60% chance of winning this battle . " Di Chen said happily .

The news about the Zhao army killing Wang Ling had spread all over and gained the awe and uproar of every country .

Before that, the 400 thousand troops of the Zhao were trapped by 500 thousand Qin men . Zhao had sent men to request help, but as they couldn't see the situation, they wouldn't put their stakes on either side .

Now that the Zhao army had escaped and even killed a general, it had undoubtedly changed the heart of the 5 countries in Shandong .

The dream of the Qin to take over Shangdou was becoming more and more distant .

The various countries of Shandong were afraid of the Qin . At this point, the Zhao sent out people to persuade them to send troops to fight the Qin together .

This time, their attitudes changed and they started to prepare their troops .

Seeing the situation starting to become bad for the Qin, the prime minister Fanju started to use heavy rewards to bribe the Shandong countries for them not to send troops to attack the Qin .

With such a situation, a storm started once again amongst the states .



* * *





Chapter 272




Chapter 272-

Chapter 272- Losing Yewang

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Just as the various ambassadors for each country went around to try and persuade them, Zhao Kuo acted again .

The next day after the war, Zhao Kuo ordered Zhao Zhuang to lead 50 thousand elite light armored infantry east out of Fukou Pass, and then towards the southwest to attack Yewang .

Ever since the Zhao army started using such cavalry, each one of them would bring milk and jerky to be able to last a day in battle . To make sure, Di Chen and the other lords provided 40 thousand military grain pills . With that, Zhao Zhuang led 50 thousand men east without any signs of grain being used .

The Yewang stronghold was the resource base of the Qin, the only stronghold that the Han Country had in the entirety of Shangdou .

Three years ago, Baiqi ordered Wang Ling to attack it . When they took over, they immediately constructed a large granary and opened up a channel so that grain could be transported . A year later, ships kept on sailing and carts kept on traveling, so grain was continuously sent to Yewang .

During the 3 year face off, the grain supply had never stopped . Yewang had now accumulated several granaries full of grain .

Ever since Baiqi took over Wang He as the commander, the Qin army's strategy had changed north towards Duanshi Town west of Laoma Ridge .

Wang Ling, who was defending the Yewang Stronghold under Baiqi's orders, started to enter the Changping battlefield .

As the battle proceeded, to ensure their victory, Baiqi had taken troops from the back and pushed them forwards into Changping to box in the Zhao army, hence Yewang Stronghold had less men .

Zhao Zhuang led the 50 thousand cavalry and rushed . They took a day to reach the Yewang Fortress .

The defenseless fortress couldn't contend against the enemy upon facing such a sudden attack, although they fought hard and tried to defend .

Adding the fact that Zhan Lang and the others had followed and used the siege weapons they brought with their storage bag, after an intense battle, the Qin forces lost, and everyone died .

After attacking the stronghold, Zhao Zhuang gave the order to set alight all the grain .

The large fire blazed and covered half the sky . As there was simply too much grain, the fire lasted for three days and three nights, and still hadn't extinguished, a burning smell spread through the area .

When the Qin army heard the news and rushed to assist, Zhao Zhuang's forces had already left . Seeing the burnt and ruined stronghold, the Qin soldiers' faces were all ashen white .

If the Zhao army escaping and Wang Ling dying wasn't enough to let the various countries decide, this burning of grain let them see the hope of beating the Qin army .

Out of all the countries, the Wei and Chu were the most eager .

They eagerly tried to convince the other countries to send troops and destroy the Qin together . Even the Han activated their Shangdou protector Feng Ting; the meaning in it was very obvious .

The Battle of Changping gathered over 90% of both country's troops . If one side lost, they would be in a detrimental and irrecoverable position .

Handan, Zhao Country Palace .

King Xiaocheng said happily, "Zhao Kuo really hasn't let me down . He's the general of his time!"

The ministers and officials agreed, and only Lin Xiangru who sat to the side had mixed feelings .

Everyone in the Zhao had felt that they had definitely won this time .

The Qin army had lost their grain supply, and could only retreat so Shangdou definitely belonged to the Zhao .

Pingyuan Lord, Zhao Sheng, was still a little worried . "My king, Zhao Kuo is young, and I'm afraid this victory would make him arrogant . Since Yewang Stronghold is destroyed, we only need to defend the Gu Pass, and the Qin army would be forced to back off . I'm afraid he would use his troops again to have a fight to a death with the Qin army for no reason . "

His words were like a cold breeze, making the entire court feel cold .

Thinking about the situation where the Zhao army was boxed in, the ministers and officials felt the chills . Baiqi's prestige was too high, and even in such a situation, no one would say that the Zhao army would definitely win .

The moment Baiqi grabbed a chance, he would turn the whole situation around in an instant .

Zhao Xiaocheng was similar to the Pingyuan Lord, and was still scared of Zhao Kuo using his troops to attack . When he found out that the Zhao army was boxed in, he was so afraid that he had many sleepless nights .

Hearing his words, Xiaocheng said, "Uncle Wang is right . I'll write a decree for Uncle Wang to personally bring the army to take over control from Zhao Kuo so he can't step out of the pass and fight them . "

"Yes, my king!" The Pingyuan Lord finally felt at ease .

Handan, Lianpo Manor . Ever since he was removed from duty, Lianpo didn't listen to his good friend Lin Xiangru's arrangement to go to the Chu, and instead returned to the Handan Manor .

Hearing that the Zhao army attacked Yewang Stronghold, Lianpo was conflicted . He muttered, "Was I really wrong? Am I not as good as him? I hope that the Zhao army wins so I have no regrets in this life . "

Qin Country, Xianyang Palace .

The King of Qin frowned as he looked at Fanju . "How is the situation with the other countries?"

The destruction of the Yewang Stronghold left this minister with no idea what to do . Several more white hair grew on his head as he said, "My king, the situation has changed and whatever we do won't make a difference . The key lies in Baiqi, and if he can turn the situation around . "

Qin Zhaoxiang was monitoring the resources in Changping . Before he returned to Xianyang, he had talked to Baiqi . Outsiders naturally wouldn't know a thing about the conversation between the two . The only change was that after the secret conversation, the king was much more relaxed and wasn't as tensed up as when he heard that Yewang Stronghold was destroyed .

The words from Baiqi before he left replayed in his ear: the loss of one land or city isn't enough to decide victory . What decides the outcome is on the battlefield .

"Minister, continue to remain here to manage policies and try to send grain towards Duanshi Fian . I'll venture forwards towards the army and form up reinforcements with all young men 15 and above to assist the troops in Changping . "

"Yes, my king!" Fanju solemnly replied . When the country was in dire straits both internally and externally, it was when the king and the prime minister had to worked together . Such a scene made him cry out, "Protect our Qin, solve the national crisis!"

"That's right, this is the most trying times in our country, I believe that we can survive this and make it through . "

Compared to the Zhao civilians, the Qin civilians were much more stubborn in the face of adversity .

As many things happened around them, the Changping battlefield was still very quiet .

After successfully taking down the Yewang Stronghold, Zhao Kuo assigned 50 thousand men stationed outside the Gu Pass to defend the Hukou Pass . As the only pass between the Handan and Gu Passes, they needed to defend it to ensure that grain could be transported .

At this point, the Zhao army formed a defensive line from the Hukou Pass to Gu Pass to Wang Ling Camp, destroying any chance of the Qin army surrounding them .

Hukou Pass and Gu Pass were near to one another, so if the Qin army wanted to go north of the stone wall, they would be attacked from the front and back . Unless they used all their forces, it would not work .

Lang Mountain, manor .

The military advisor was introducing the organization of the Zhao Army troops, followed by reporting new military intelligence . "The Wei led 150 thousand troops out of Dalian into Henei Prefecture, coming straight for Changping . Apart from them, other countries are all preparing for war . "

"Their moms!" Wang He, who had a bad temper, flared up .

They didn't have any grain and now they had a strong enemy . This was a danger that the Qin army had never faced before . Even so, the generals and officials didn't give up, the reason being Baiqi, the war god in their hearts .

"How's the grain situation?" Baiqi asked solemnly .

"Apart from the Yewang Stronghold, Duanshi Town, Laoma Ridge and Guanglang City, all have a portion of the grain, but it's not in large amounts . Altogether, it could last us for 20 days . Additionally, the king has started to transport grain to Duanshi Town . As the distance is long, we can't depend on it for the short term . "

Baiqi nodded, looking around at the various generals and said calmly, "The Zhao army has 4 advantages . They have enough grain, they have reinforcements, the area is small and easy to defend, and their morale is high . ”

He continued . “However, they also have four weaknesses . Firstly, although the defensive line looks like it can't be broken, the line is too long, and they can't protect the end of the line . If we try, we can definitely cut the line in half . Secondly, after they destroyed Yewang Stronghold, they didn't try to chase the victory and cut off our supply line . Their tactics aren't decisive enough and that gives us a chance to fight back . Thirdly, their consecutive victories and having reinforcements mean that they might get overconfident . Fourthly, them hiding in the pass means that they can only defend passively . "

Everyone in the cave waited with baited breath . They were clear that before every battle, Baiqi would weigh the pros and cons of the enemy . Only after that would he think of a plan . What they were waiting for was this exact moment .

"To destroy our enemy, it's simple . " Baiqi said and paused before continuing, "Surround them and destroy their reinforcements; fortify a place, but shift all the resources away . Attack their weaknesses; launch isolated sieges!"

Wang He asked, "Wu An lord, please elaborate . "

"This strategy is focused on surrounding them, baiting the reinforcements before hitting their reinforcements instead . The Zhao army shrinking the defensive line gave us a chance . As long as we attack Gu Pass and attract their attention, and then send our main force to kill the Wei army, the Zhao army would be cornered by us once again . "



* * *





Chapter 273




Chapter 273-

Chapter 273- Surrounding a Point and Destroying the Reinforcements

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The generals all exclaimed, respect and awe in their eyes . However, Baiqi was a very serious guy and rarely laughed, so the generals didn't dare to sing his praises in the tent . They all looked at him, their war god, with eagerness at how he was going to arrange the troops .

Ouyang Shuo sat in a corner, emotions filling him . Only such a person like Baiqi could become a commander-in-chief . Generals like Shi Wanshui and E'Lai could never be, the difference between them were very obvious .

Unfortunately, to try to to convince Baiqi, it was as difficult as scaling the heavens . Although the player force had made a commendable performance, it wasn't enough to earn Baiqi's respect .

"Generals, receive my orders!" Baiqi's words broke Ouyang Shuo's thoughts, making him focus once again .

"Yes general!" Huan He and Ying Bao replied .

Huan He being too late to assist resulted in Wang Ling's death . As such he felt a pent up anger . If the Wei wanted to disturb them, naturally, he was furious and wanted to teach them a lesson .

Ying Bao and the other generals didn't look up to anyone in the military, only respecting Baiqi .

"Tomorrow morning, Meng Ao will go close to the southern side of Gu Pass and make an aggressive stance to bait them . Wang He will react from the side and at the same time ensure the safety of the grain route . "

Wang He and Meng Ao, one was courageous and fierce, while the other was stable . It was nice that they were polar opposites . As it was a fake attack, Baiqi purposely sent Meng Ao to attack . He was worried that Wang He would be rash and really attack, affecting the whole plan .

"Yes!"

After all the generals left, Baiqi looked for Wang He and secretly told him some words before letting him leave .

The next day, Meng Ao and his troops left and waltzed toward Wang Ling Camp, acting as if they were going to go all out .

Wang He's forces on the west also moved out, dust and dirt rising from their movements .

Atop of the Gu Pass, Zhao Kuo and Zhao Sheng stood together .

To the decree from the Pingyuan Lord, Zhao Kuo, although he didn't agree with it, he had no choice to accept it . Following the king's orders to build a defensive line, and not go out and fight .

Seeing Meng Ao's forces charging forward, Zhao Kuo didn't think much . He had sent 50 thousand men there and within a day, they had fixed the camp, and it was usable again .

Adding up Zhao Zhuang's 100 thousand forces which were at the foot of Gu Pass, he didn't think the Meng Ao's forces could succeed . Thinking back, even the 150 thousand forces he had couldn't take down Wang Ling's camp in such a short time .

"What is the Qin army rushing for?" The Pingyuan lord asked .

Zhao Kuo laughed . "Their grain supplies were cut off, so I think they want to go all out before our reinforcements arrive . "

"Baiqi is a god when using troops, so why would he be so rash? Is there a scheme in all of this?" The Pingyuan lord couldn't understand and said uneasily .

"What a joke! Although Baiqi is smart, even the heavens favor us, what can he do?" Although Zhao Kuo had lost to Baiqi, he didn't believe that he was lousier than him and wanted to prove himself .

Seeing the arrogant and overconfident Zhao Kuo, the Pingyuan Lord kept quiet . He didn't have any proof and anything would just be a conjecture, so he could only believe in what Zhao Kuo said .

Using the cover of Meng Ao's forces and also the dust made by Wang He's troops, Huan He and Ying Bao led 100 thousand cavalry and sneakily left the camp, going toward Baijing to the east .

The iron cavalry of the Qin army weren't like the light armored cavalry of the Zhao army, and could bring milk and dried meat . What these soldiers brought were meat which needed a fire to cook . Compared to the Zhao army, it was much more troublesome .

Luckily, Ouyang Shuo and the lords of the Shanhai Alliance took out their military grain pills and lessened their logistical stress . If not, without such help, these troops would not make it so far .

In a short time, the troops managed to enter the Henei prefecture .

Henei prefecture, although it was a new prefecture that the Qin had taken over for a short while, as the Qin king commanded his men from there and provided rewards to the people . They were very happy and supportive .

Hence, these 100 thousand cavalrymen were like fish in water in the Henei prefecture .

The Wei country’s Xinling lord had led the 150 thousand troops, and entered Henei prefecture . However they were like sparks in a dark night . In Huan He's eyes, there was nothing mysterious or secretive about their movements .

Huan He was very clear that this operation; it had to be fast and swift . Firstly, they had little resources left and couldn't last for long . Secondly, if they come out for too long, they would raise the doubts of the Zhao army .

After Huan He and Ying Bao finished their discussion, they chose a route that the Wei army had to pass by and prepared an ambush . They wanted to attack them before they could react and destroy them in one fell swoop .

The ambush point they chose wasn't a canyon or a special ground but a very normal plain . It was hundreds of miles around and apart from a official road, it was just a few scattered villages .

A hundred thousand cavalrymen hid in the villages . Not far from the village was a dense forest; the dense vegetation was also a good cover for the troops .

Seeing such a huge army, the villagers were freaked out .

Apart from acquiring some grain from the villages, the soldiers didn't do anything too out of hand . Baiqi was very strict and didn’t allow his troops to rob civilians . Even a general like Ying Bao, who wasn’t afraid of anything, definitely wouldn't go against Baiqi's orders .

After the troops settled down, Huan He sent scouts to investigate and monitor the movements of the Wei army .

Two days later, the Wei army appeared as expected .

Looking from afar, the 150 thousand men army stretched out over 5 kilometers . Their army, which was once the best, had deteriorated and wasn't as good as they once were .

An army that was moving wasn't suitable for sneak-attacks as they stretched too long . Even if they killed the front enemies, the ones at the back could form up and they definitely wouldn't be able to effectively kill them .

Hence, the place that Huan He chose was where the Wei army set up camp . As they traveled for a long time, and adding with the fact that there were few Qin troops in Henei prefecture, they naturally didn't pay much attention when they set up camp .

What they didn't know was that not far away, a pack of hungry wolves were staring at them .

As the Wei army set up camp, a hundred thousand iron cavalry was like a black flood and rushed out of the forest straight toward them .

The thunderous galloping made the whole ground shake; it was like a tsunami . The black wave swallowed up the land; the green plains was now covered in black .

"Oh no, it's the Qin army!" the Wei army panicked . The soldiers in the Wei army had suffered a lot at the hands of the Qin army, and fear had built up in their hearts .

At that point, the Wei army had started to gather in the camp . Travelling non stop for a day was really tiring . They put down the heavy grain that they carried and were prepared to settle down . They didn't expect that enemy forces would attack, causing panic in the camp .

Screams, shouts, horse galloping, bowls and pots crashing, scolds and various noises resounded; it was like they were in a huge market .

Luckily, the Xinling lord was a capable man, and he calmed the troops while reorganizing them at the same time . He ordered the cavalry to gather and intercept the Qin army while the infantry formed up behind them .

A 150 thousand man army naturally wouldn't set up camp at one spot . They were split into three groups . When the front group set up camp, the central group would rush there while the back group would still be moving .

Huan He led 50 thousand men to attack the front group . Ying Bao led the player force to destroy the center group . Xinling lord Wei Wujin personally led the center group .

In the current day and age, the only ones who could match the Qin army was the Zhao army . The Wei army in front of them were far from their past glory and were easy pickings .

The front camp, after a charge by Huan He's forces, couldn't form up . Huan He led his men and led a slaughter in the camp .

History would remember this once nameless plains because of this battle .

The center group’s camp was where the commander Wei Wujin was located . Shi Wanshui requested to lead the player force to attack them . This was the only remaining group of the Wei’s elite soldiers .

Shanhai City's cavalry was a level higher than that of Qin army's . The Wei elite soldiers naturally couldn't withstand it, and facing the metal flood led by the 2nd regiment, they had no choice but to engage .

It was a battle of the spear and the shield, and it ended in a complete victory of the Shanhai City cavalry .

The Xinling lord, who was highly confident, could only lead his guards and escape .

Even for the prideful Ying Bao, upon seeing the strength of the player force, his eyes froze . Before this trip, he was unhappy that Huan He had treated the player force too well, but now he understood why .

Although the Wei elite soldiers weren't as strong as before, they were still an elite unit . In front of the player force cavalry, however, they couldn't even withstand a hit, stunning Ying Bao .

In the huge plains, the Wei troops who stretched for miles were destroyed by the Qin army . Not only could they not connect up with the rear group, but they were broken up into many parts .

The Wei army was mainly made up of infantry . The small number of infantry wasn't enough to stop the Qin army cavalry . Instead they were pincered by Huan He and Ying Bao, and directly destroyed .

As the army lost its cavalry, the remaining infantrymen were unable to resolutely defend; they were like a bunch of sheep under the chase of the Qin army wolves, running for their lives .



* * *





Chapter 274




Chapter 274-

Chapter 274- Chariot Circle Formation

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The vast plains were filled with escaping Wei army soldiers . They threw down their gear and weapons . Some even took off their armor, so as to run faster than their comrades .

Ying Bao was a bloodthirsty person, so how could he miss such a good chance? He ordered the troops to be ruthless and not accept any surrender . Wherever the iron cavalry passed, they only left behind lifeless bodies .

Huan He also wasn't any saint, and was also simmering with some anger, so he was just as ruthless .

Such a good chance was also what Ouyang Shuo wouldn't miss . The player force was claiming their enemy's lives, making Ouyang Shuo feel like his battle contribution points were rising quickly .

A 100 thousand cavalrymen were like precise war harvesting machines, efficiently killing the front and central groups of the Wei army . As they passed by them on their horses, their knives shone and heads fell to the ground .

Compared to Huan He and Ying Bao's forces, the 20 thousand player force under Shi Wanshui, Er'Lai and Zhang Liao's lead were more efficient and had higher killing power .

Especially the Shanhai City cavalry, with their gear and great horses, they causally charged into the enemy, leaving a bloody trail in their wake .

After destroying the front and central groups, Huan He left 20 thousand troops to chase down the deserters . Then, he met up with Ying Bao and rushed toward the rear group of the Wei army .

When the Xinling lord returned to the back group, he noticed that things were bad . He ordered the troops to leave their heavy loads and rush for their lives back to their country .

Just as the Qin army was chasing the Wei army, the Xinling lord had already escaped . Unfortunately, as long as the Wei Army was within the Henei prefecture, they wouldn't be able to escape from the Qin army .

The Qin army cavalry followed their path and were like experienced hunters, killing them one by one . The infantry heavy Wei army definitely couldn't shake off the cavalry .

The chase lasted for a total of 3 days and 2 nights . The Qin army was like a pack of hungry wolves, and they bit down on the Wei army, refusing to let go . When the sky turned bright, the Wei army who spent the night in fear could see their demons who were charging toward them .

The grain that the Wei army threw down instead became a huge help for the Qin army . It totally solved the problem of resources . One had to say it was pretty ironic .

The Qin army chased them to the border of the Henei prefecture, and the 150 thousand Wei army was now in tatters . The Wei that was already having problems would probably not be able to stand up after that battle, and their destruction was just a matter of time .

Wei Wujin, under the protection of his guards, brought his remaining troops back into their country . He was immediately removed from his position and locked up . Whatever happened next, let's not talk about it now .

After completely destroying the Wei army, Huan He didn't dare to act slow and gathered the troops, rushing back toward Changping . Destroying the Wei army was only an appetizer, and the real battle would take place in Changping .

On the way back, Ouyang Shuo took a look at his battle contribution points and found that they had reached a terrifying 250 thousand . On average, in the two battles, the Shanhai City cavalry had killed each killed two and a half men .

Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang had both fought up to and overtaken Zhan Lang, taking the 2nd and 3rd spots on the rankings .

Of course, the battle contribution points leaderboard didn't factor in the final bonus points, so with Di Chen and Zhan Lang's performance, their bonus wouldn't be small too .

Hence, the fight for the top of the leaderboard wasn't set in stone .

The news of the Wei’s 150 thousand troops being destroyed was like a blizzard as it swept across all the countries, calming down their impulsive and rash hearts .

The Zhao were rejected out of many of the other countries, and the Han once again removed Feng Ting from his duties . The 5 countries of Shandong immediately brought gifts and sent their ambassadors to Xianyang to try and repair the relationship .

Just as Baiqi had said, the destruction of the Wei army would break up the alliance that was forming .

At this point, the army that the Qin king had gathered in Henei slowly left Taihang Mountain .

With the arrival of rain, the Changping battlefield once again became cloudy and mysterious .

Gu Pass, Di Chen tent .

When Ouyang Shuo and the others' battle contribution points started climbing, Di Chen had already felt that something was up . After a few days of observation, he didn't see any signs of Shanhai City’s cavalry amongst the Meng Ao forces .

Since they didn't join the battle, how would their battle contribution points still increase, unless there was a war somewhere else? Di Chen told his conjecture to Zhao Kuo, but he didn't place much attention or care to it .

As expected, in the beginning, even Baiqi didn't care when Ouyang Shuo told him military intelligence . Furthermore, Di Chen's conjecture was so preposterous that the young Zhao Kuo definitely wouldn't bother about it .

When the news of the Wei army losing spread, Zhao Kuo was naturally shocked while Di Chen and the others were bitter .

"Are we really going going to lose to Shanhai Alliance again?" Sha Pojun was really salty, seeing the good situation slowly overturned, how could he be happy, even more so when the enemy was Ouyang Shuo whom he hated to the bone .

Zhan Lang shook his head . "This time, we didn't lose to Qiyue Wuyi, but Baiqi . "

"That's right! No matter what we predicted, we wouldn't foresee such an old move coming . Even in such a disadvantage, he dared to move his troops to kill the Wei army . "

"Thinking back on it, isn't this his style? It looked dangerous, but in truth he calculated everything clearly and predicted that Zhao Kuo wouldn't dare to attack," Zhan Lang said emotionally .

"What should we do now? Our plan has been broken, so we need to think of a new one . "

"That's right . Even without the reinforcements, the Qin are equally matched with us, so we need a detailed plan . If not, they might really beat us . "

Zhao Army Tent

After hearing that the Wei army was intercepted and killed, Zhao Kuo locked himself in his tent and didn't see anyone . Even the Pingyuan lord Zhao Sheng was rejected at the door .

Based on Zhao Kuo's character, after gaining the advantage, he wanted to chase it and not give the Qin army any chance to rest . In the end, the prudence of the Zhao king spoiled his plan .

Now, the Wei army was destroyed and there wouldn't be any more reinforcements coming to Changping .

With the current situation, the Zhao army had no choice but to defend . They could only use Lianpo's plan to standoff against the Qin army and see who couldn't last .

Comparatively, the Zhao army definitely held the advantage .

The problem was, the current situation was much different from the time when Lianpo and Wang He had their standoff .

During Lianpo's time, both armies held half of Changping, and they each formed three defensive lines . As for Zhao Kuo's Defence, it was just a single line, comparing the strength, it was obvious .

And with Meng Ao's forces in front of Wang Ling Camp, them wanting to change formations was impossible . The only plan was to fortify the defense .

Zhao Kuo was well-read in military books, and his knowledge was very vast . If one talked about defending and not attacking, he immediately thought of an idea . He suddenly stood up . "Immediately send for general Zhao Zhuang!"

Zhao Zhuang hurried over and seeing Zhao Kuo sitting solemnly behind the general’s table, he immediately bowed .

Zhao Kuo invited Zhao Zhuang to sit down on the floor opposite him and smiled . "How's the Meng Ao force's attack?"

"After intercepting and killing the Wei army and returning to Changping, their attacks hadn't decreased but increased instead If one said that they were faking their attack before, now it looks like they really want to take down the Wang Ling Camp and crush our defensive line . " Zhao Zhuang said solemnly .

Hearing Zhao Zhuang mention the Wei army, Zhao Kuo's face cramped . It slowly returned back to normal as he said, “Since that's so, can you all handle it? The moment the Wang Ling camp is taken over, the army under Gu Pass would immediately face their threat . " Zhao Kuo didn't reveal what he was thinking . Instead, he tested Zhao Zhuang .

"General don't worry, we definitely won't let the Qin army get away . However, what I'm worried about is that if they increase their forces once again, the troops defending would face immense pressure . General, shouldn't you organize more soldiers from Gu Pass to reinforce them just in case?"

Zhao Kuo shook his head . "If we increase troops, we will fall into their trap . They will take the chance to start a war and deplete our main force and prevent a long drawn out war . "

"So, what should we do?"

"I have a formation that we can set up under Gu Pass which ensures that the Qin army wouldn't be able to attack an inch . " Zhao Kuo was very confident .

"What formation is general referring to that will have such great effect?"

"Chariot circle formation!"

"Chariot circle formation?"

"Yes!"

"I heard that it was a long lost formation from Sun Bin . How did general learn of it?"

Zhao Kuo laughed but didn't say anything .

Zhao Zhuang knew that the general had a lot of confidence in it working and said happily, "As long as General remembers how to lay the formation and how it works, then it will definitely work!"

Zhao Kuo nodded . "Sun Bin mentioned that this formation was so amazing that one didn't need to make changes and adaptations to it . As for how to arrange the men, it's also very simple . Look!" He took a piece of sheepskin and started drawing . With his intelligence and quick thinking, in less than an hour, he had described the formation .

"Sun Bin is a war genius! This formation is so useful!" Zhao Zhuang exclaimed .

"It's okay if the Qin army increases their troops to attack . If they really do, we can only add a little more troops to defend Wang Ling camp . To fight head on isn't a smart strategy . The main force will set up the formation under Gu Pass to welcome them . I want to see how Baiqi breaks it . "

"Yes, general!" Zhao Zhuang went away to prepare the formation so that they could set it up at the foot of Gu Pass . Apart from that, he also gave the responsibility of the formation to the advisor in the army for him to drill the soldiers such that they were well versed in it .



* * *





Chapter 275




Chapter 275-

Chapter 275- A Star Will Rise

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Lang Mountain, Qin Army Tent

Baiqi gathered all his generals to plan for the next stage of their mission .

Based on their original plan, the next stage would be to attack Wang Ling camp .

"Once we manage to conquer the camp, Zhao army will be trapped in Gu Pass, and it will once again be us surrounding them . Hence, we have to win the battle tomorrow . " Baiqi rallied .

"We await your orders!" The generals replied .

"In the siege tomorrow, Meng Ao's forces will be the main while Huan He and Ying Bao will back him up by blocking the Zhao Zhuang troops at the bottom of Gu Pass . Wang He's troops will stay in the camp and wait for my orders!"

"Yes, general!"

Ouyang Shuo sat at one side, a sense of worry and doubt flashed across his face . Since they were trying to take over the camp, why wouldn't Wang He's troops be sent out? He looked at Wang He's expression and didn't see any unhappiness . Maybe Baiqi still has other plans .

Destroying the Wei Army not only destroyed the alliance that was forming . The Qin troops also gained a lot of grain and resources .

The Qin had sent almost all their grain toward the Yewang Stronghold . The fire set by Zhao Zhuang had destroyed the years worth of grain accumulated by the Qin . Hence, although they had regained the transport routes, the amount of grain that Fanju could gather within the country was limited .

As they kept trying to acquire grain, the commoners were grumbling . To support the troops on the frontline, even grain from their houses were asked to be contributed . Of course, they wouldn't be happy .

Hence, Zhao Kuo felt that if the two armies continued, that the Zhao army was stronger .

Fortunately, the destruction of the Wei who brought massive amounts of grain had really benefited the Qin .

The Qin king had already contacted commoners to help transport this batch of grain to Guanglang City .

The plains where the Wei and Qin armies fought was in Henei prefecture and really close to Changping . In a few days, they had managed to reach Guanglang City . Hence, the lack of grain was solved and the Qin problem wasn't as bad as Zhao Kuo expected .

The morning the next day, the sun rose; it was good weather .

Early in the morning, the Zhao Army started to get busy, moving all the chariots and usable things out to prepare the chariot circle formation .

Just as they began to get busy, the Qin army set out .

The black flood under the coordination of the drums, formed up into neat rows and walked out of the camp .

Baiqi stood on the tower and looked on as usual, looking down and commanding the troops .

The first one to leave was the 120 thousand infantry and cavalry led by Meng Ao . This army had been attacking Wang Ling camp for several days and had gotten familiar with the route . The only difference was the order to fight to the death given yesterday .

In the Qin army, the moment they decided to fight to the death, if anyone tried to escape, they would be killed mercilessly . If one was scared, he might be a burden to the others . Hence, for these battles to the death, the soldiers would all fight like their backs were against the wall .

In the rolling dirt and dust, Huan He and Ying Bao made use of the cover to follow closely behind . During the battle with the Wei, Huan He lost few troops and had 90 thousand men left who could fight .

Seeing Meng Ao's troops attack Wang Ling camp once again, the guards didn't panic . After several days, they were sure that the enemy was just faking .

The news of the Wei army losing was only known to generals of the Zhao army to not affect morale . Zhao Kuo ordered this to prevent its spread . If not, whoever disobeys it would be killed .

Hence, out of those defending, apart from the few generals, most of them didn't know a thing .

What they didn't know was that the Qin army today was very different from the last few days . The generals knew that and ordered for the soldiers to be on guard . Unfortunately, it didn't work .

During the few days of attacks, although Meng Ao didn't achieve much, at least they had filled up all the moats .

The huge army stepped over the moats and held the scaling ladders, starting a relentless assault against the camp that was originally theirs . The soldiers weren't afraid of dying and gave their all .

Such a fierce army was something the Zhao army didn't expect . Only then did they realize that the Qin army was attacking for real this time . However when they realized this, it was too late as they had already suffered heavy casualties .

Luckily, the Zhao army wasn't so average like the Wei army . Although they had a bad start, they reacted quickly and using the advantage of the wall, started to slaughter the Qin troops .

The alchemical fire oil cabinet and various defensive weapons were used to their fullest, causing huge damages to the Qin army .

Meng Ao, who was commanding the troops, didn't have any reaction and didn't care much about the loss of life . He coldly waved the flag in his hand, sending group after group up, not stopping until they achieved their goal .

The relentless attack gave a lot of pressure to the ones trying to defend . They didn't even have enough time to take a breath . Under the intense attacks, breaches and cracks appeared in some areas, although they were covered . If it continued, breaking through was just a matter of time .

Meng Ao was smart and fast, seeing that holes were appearing in the defense, he immediately sent the reserve force . In a moment, the Wang Ling camp was in danger . The soldiers had no choice but to send an emergency SOS signal to the main forces .

Although Zhao Zhuang was busy with the chariot circle formation, in truth, he was paying attention to this siege . Seeing the Qin army act as he expected and make a genuine attack, he immediately formed up a force to assist .

Just as they rushed to help, the Huan He and Ying Bao troops who were hiding behind Zhao Zhaung's army charged out and blocked their escape route .

Both generals did what they were tasked to, block as their first priority and kill as their second . The forces weaved around the Zhao Zhuang forces, not letting them move an inch .

Zhao Kuo stood at the city wall of Gu Pass . Seeing Zhao Zhuang's forces stopped, he knew that the Qin army was determined to take down Wang Ling camp .

Although he had prepared the chariot circle formation, Zhao Kuo didn't wish to lose the Wang Ling camp so early . Even more so, he wanted to save the 50 thousand troops inside .

Just as Zhao Kuo wanted to move the troops inside Gu Pass to save Zhao Zhuang's forces, someone reported, "General, there appears to be many Qin forces to the north of Gu Pass; they are carrying a lot of siege weapons; they look like they want to attack Gu Pass . "

"What?" Zhao Kuo didn't believe it . When did the Qin Army go around the stone wall, when he was totally in the dark? The scouts were really useless . "How many of them?"

"More than 100 thousand . "

Zhao Kuo shivered . A 100 thousand men, if he had sent out some soldiers out of Gu Pass to assist Zhao Zhuang, then Gu Pass would be in danger .

"That's not right!" Zhao Kuo frowned and muttered . "Why is it so coincidental?"

Thinking back, Zhao Kuo shivered . The Qin army on the north must have set out a few days back to be able to reach here at such a moment . Hence, they could prevent the soldiers in Gu Pass from assisting those in Wang Ling Camp . If Zhao Kuo didn't care and tried to save them, then it would become a real siege . Hence, either Gu Pass or Wang Ling Camp, one must be lost .

The importance of both, Zhao Kuo was naturally clear .

This was a scheme, and Zhao Kuo could only choose one or the other . He could only choose to defend Gu Pass and give up Wang Ling camp . As for coordinating with the troops in Hukou Pass to pincer the Qin army from the northern side, it was impossible .

The Hukou Pass was too far away from Gu Pass, and by the time they arrived the enemy would have been long gone .

This was the weakness of the Zhao army defensive line . It was too long and they couldn't smoothly coordinate with one another, giving a chance to the enemy .

At this point, Zhao Kuo had a deeper understanding on how Baiqi used his troops . It was apparent that in this battle, Baiqi had saw through the enemy weakness and made plans to counter it .

Comparatively, Zhao Kuo appeared very weak and inexperienced .

The hard part was that he not only had to sacrifice the Wang Ling camp and the 50 thousand inside, but if he really left them there, the morale of the army would drop .

They had no ability to save them, but if he didn’t save them the army would lose their heart to fight .

Zhao Kuo shook his head bitterly . "Order the troops to turn towards the north to defend; tell those in the camp to defend and once we deal with those sieging Gu Pass, we will send reinforcements . "

Everyone knew that Zhao Kuo's reinforcements were just a blank piece of paper . When the main force had made the Qin troops on the north retreat, Wang Ling Camp would have been lost, what reinforcements would even be needed?

Although everyone knew it, after all it was quite logical, Zhao Kuo didn't want to give up Wang Ling camp . But because of the Qin Army, he had no choice but to give it up .

Only then would it not cause too much of an effect on their morale .

One had to say, although this move wasn't so outright and in the open, it was effective . A leader had to be ruthless and when one needed to sacrifice something, they had to be able to do it .

Baiqi had once again given Zhao Kuo a lesson .

After this Battle of Changping, Zhao Kuo grew and matured quickly . If he could survive and walk out of this battle zone, he would definitely become a star general .



* * *





Chapter 276




Chapter 276-

Chapter 276- Regaining What Was Lost

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Zhao Kuo's orders were basically declaring the death of Wang Ling camp .

When the generals received the order, their faces were ashen white . They foresaw the ending that awaited them . However, they didn't hate Zhao Kuo, but the guile of the Qin army .

"Brothers, fight to the death!" The guts of the Zhao army were never worse off than that of the Qin army .

"Kill! Kill! Kill!"

The scene from where Wang Ling's remaining forces jumped out of the moat and fought to their deaths were played once again . The same place, the same situation, the only difference was that this time it was the Zhao army .

Fate . Sometimes it was just so coincidental and so cruel .

The courage of the Zhao army was turned against them by Meng Ao . His calm eyes suddenly wavered and facing such an opponent, what he could do was to try his best and send them on their way .

Deafening roars sounded out inside and outside of the camp . The charge of the Zhao army provoked the thirst for blood in the Qin soldiers, and both sides fought to the death .

The intense battle lasted all the way into the afternoon . When they were tired, the Zhao army had their meals in the moat, not even having the time to return to camp . If they backed off, the enemy Qin army would charge forward .

As the sun shined onto the Wang Ling camp, it seemed exceptionally cold . The repaired camp was now once again in tatters, walls broken and smoke billowing from within .

As Meng Ao led the troops, he had a calm demeanour . The Zhao army's resilience was far more than he had expected . The moat looked like a dead zone which they could take over at anytime . But when the Qin forces rushed forward, there would be bodies that ‘revived’, taking the crescent knives in their hand and fighting against the Qin army .

Because of the battles time after time, the moat didn't exist anymore, covered by bodies and blood . Be it siege weapons or defense tools, they were all broken and no one bothered to go and fix them .

At the end of the battle, there were only soldiers taking knives and spears, and engaging in close combat . There was no skill and no tactics . This was the cold weapons era, the most bloody but the most eye catching moment .

Soldiers weren’t wheat that would grow back quickly after being cut .

The Zhao army, be it in combat strength or mental strength, were equal to the Qin army; however, there were twice the number of enemies in front . In the end, they lost . Like the Wang Ling forces, none of them surrendered and everyone fought to the death .

In this battle, after a whole day of intense fighting, Meng Ao's troops seemed to have lost as many men before being able to take down the Wang Ling camp before nightfall .

They had regained what they lost, only that the price seemed too much to pay .

The after battle report showed that the player infantry forces led by Chen Tang had nearly all been killed, with around 1000 remaining . The terrible state of the player force was the best description of the battle .

Taking down Wang Ling camp, Wang Ao followed Baiqi's instructions and led 70 thousand troops to guard it . To pay remembrance to Wang Ling, the name of the place wasn't changed .

Seeing Wang Ling camp taken over once again, Zhao Zhuang was furious and wanted to have a fight to the death with the Qin army . Luckily, Zhao Kuo's warning made him keep a clear head and order his troops to retreat to the foot of the Gu Pass .

The combined forces of Huan He and Young Bao dealt with Zhao Zhuang for an entire day and were exhausted . They retreated back towards Guanglang City to rest up . Both generals knew that the more crucial battle was about to happen .

As for the 100 thousand troops sent to disturb the Gu Pass, they were taken out from Wang He's camp . Wang He was given the secret mission before Huan He and Ying Zhao went to attack the Wei Army to go toward Gu Pass .

A few days ago when the Meng Ao Army was bluffing their attack on the Wang Ling Camp, the entire main camp of the Qin army only had 50 thousand men, like an empty city . The Zhao Army had 200-300 thousand free troops but they didn't use them . If Zhao Kuo took the risk and attacked, the battle would be totally different right now .

Unfortunately, there were no ifs in war .

In the morning, Zhao Zhang started to shift out all the old chariots and useful things out and spent five days forming the chariot circle formation at the foot of Gu Pass .

The formation had five layers: the outermost one was a walled trench, the second was composed of chariots and sword shield soldiers . The chariots were connected together, and behind the chariots were the sword shield soldiers; thirdly were infantry soldiers spaced out in a defensive formation; the 4th was the military tent used to switch out the defending soldiers and treat the wounded; the 5h was the golden drum tower with a giant ‘Zhao’ flag and this was where the commander would command all the troops .

When the formation was set up, it astonished the Qin army . The Qin army pointed from afar and looked in awe . When Baiqi got the report, he looked down from the highest point of Lang Mountain . From afar, it was a 5 kilometer burning circle, flags placed around, drums sounding out, and it looked really dangerous .

Baiqi looked at his generals and asked, "You have all been through hundreds of battles, can anyone tell me the history of this formation? What are its strengths and weaknesses, and how should we break it?"

At this point, Meng Ao was north of the stone wall to command the 100 thousand troops there . Meng Ao was in the Wang Ling Camp and was in charge of monitoring the movements of the Zhao Army in the Gu Pass .

Besides Baiqi were only Wang He and Huam He . Wang He had 50 thousand odd men were in Laoma Ridge . Huan He had taken over Ying Bao's forces and had a total of 80 thousand cavalry situated in Guanglang City, taking over Meng Ao's role .

Apart from the two generals, there was the player representative Qiyue Wuyi and Qianshou .

Wang He laughed . "Who cares what formation it is? We have 50 thousand cavalry . We can charge through it and destroy it!"

"Fifty thousand cavalry destroy that? They will all die and you still wouldn't know what happened . As a general, you are an important member of the country . Doing things rashly, how will you win the war?" Although Baiqi wasn't intense, he had a indescribable prestige and honor which made the generals respect and fear him .

Most importantly was that the whole army had utmost faith in Baiqi . Baiqi, who worked his way up from a soldier, was a terrifying swordsman when he was a soldier and was familiar with all sorts of warfare and weapons . If he walked around in the training school, he could point out the mistakes of everyone .

As the general was so good, the soldiers would naturally trust him . That wasn't all . His tactics were precise and his use of troops was sublime, his courage and ruthlessness, all this played a part . In the past 30 years, as long as Baiqi led them, in whatever battle, the Qin Army would win .

All in all, Baiqi was like a war god sent from the heavens .

Even given such respect, Baiqi didn't become arrogant and rash . He was always that calm and clear, and he was forever the guy whose goal was to destroy the enemy .

Apart for calling him a god, there was no other way to describe him .

Being scolded by Baiqi, Wang He was embarrassed, his face turning red instantly .

Baiqi knew Wang He's personality and didn't think about it much, taking the chance to ask the generals about the formation . Suddenly, a slow but firm voice spread out from behind . "If I'm not wrong, this is the chariot circle formation . "

Baiqi was shocked . He turned his head only to see an old man, dressed up like a scholar, standing behind Qiyue Wuyi . The scholar looked at Baiqi and bowed .

Ouyang Shuo introduced . "Baiqi, this is the advisor of the player force, Qianshou . "

Baiqi nodded . He wasn't angry because he got interrupted and instead praised, "I didn't expect there would be such a smart person amongst the players . Please explain . " It wasn't that Baiqi was trying to make things difficult for Qianshou, it's just that once the formation was recognized, one could naturally say it's pros and cons .

Qianshou didn't hesitate and said, "The formation was thought of by Sun Bin, but wasn't used in battle before . He only left the blueprints of the 10 formations . As for how to use them he didn't explain . This formation is the one that made use of moats, chariots and infantry: the chariot circle formation . "

"The strength of his formation was that the army could rotate in a circle like water to adapt to the situation; if we attack from one point, the troops will rotate and attack us from behind; if we surround them and attack, we would need to stretch out our troops and thus our strength would be weak and would not be able to siege . "

"Pa pa pa!" Baiqi clapped and laughed . "Mister is a genius!"

"Thank you for your praise . "

Baiqi waved him off, his expression turning serious once again .

Based on Baiqi's plan, the next step would be to coordinate with Ying Bao's troops to pincer Gu Pass . However this formation made the south impenetrable .

The Wang Ling Camp that Meng Ao used so much to gain was now also useless .

Not only that, Zhao Kuo could also coordinate with the Hukou Pass soldiers to surround Ying Bao . The situation instantly changed because of one formation .

Baiqi was impressed . Zhao Kuo had started to show signs of becoming a star general .

"To destroy the Zhao army, we need to first destroy the chariot circle formation!" Baiqi said resolutely .



* * *





Chapter 277




Chapter 277-

Chapter 277- Using a Weird Method to Break the Formation

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Hence, one chariot circle formation became the key to deciding the outcome of the Battle of Changping .

Within 10 days, the grain from Henei prefecture had safely been transported to Guanglang City, and the Qin army's grain crisis had been temporarily relieved . Fanju did all he could in Xianyang to make the commoners provide some grain for the military .

One could say that the Qin had placed everything they had on this battle .

As the Zhao army had enough grain, they were determined to outlast the Qin army .

After setting up the chariot circle formation and calming down the situation down south, Zhao Kuo, who was very ambitious, had already set his sights on Ying Bao's troops to the north . Within Gu Pass were 170 thousand troops, and adding with the 50 thousand in Hukou Pass, they absolutely could eat up the 100 thousand men of Ying Bao .

The long face off was also a huge burden for the Zhao . After listening to Zhao Kuo's plan, Zhao Sheng, who was in charge of monitoring the army, didn't disagree .

Although they had successfully taken out the reinforcements and taken down Wang Ling's camp, the situation was still bad for the Qin army . Just as Baiqi said, if they wanted to destroy the Zhao army, they needed to break the formation .

However, with such a legendary formation, and also with the Gu Pass reinforcements to the rear, it wasn't easy to break .

Baiqi stood on top of the Lang Mountain every day and stared at the formation . As he looked at it, it would usually take an entire day . Only until the sun set did he quietly return to his cave .

As many days passed, this wasn't a good plan .

Seeing that Zhao Kuo was already preparing to attack, if he didn't think of any plan, he would have to ask Ying Bao to retreat; the moment he did, it would be the same as announcing that Zhao Kuo's defensive plan worked .

If they wasted more time, the Qin had no ability to provide for such a large army . The best outcome would be for the Qin Army to back off and let the Zhao Country have Shangdou . However, the political outcomes which would arise frightened Baiqi .

Giving up Shangdou prefecture not only broke the eastern path of the Qin . Most importantly, the positions of strength and power would have to be rewritten .

Hence, the Qin Country couldn't lose; they couldn't afford to lose; Baiqi also didn't want to lose!

Since the Battle of Changping happen, there had been several huge battles . The two player forces of the Zhao and Qin armies seemed to be side characters . If one looked closely, however, they were influencing the movement of the battle .

Comparing the two, it was Yanhuang Alliance from the Zhao Country camp that was more eye catching . Shanhai Alliance just followed instructions and didn't suggest any ideas or influence the battlefield .

Compared to the glorious performances in the Battle of Zhuolu and the Battle of Muye, their performance this time looked very dull .

Noticing that point, Ouyang Shuo gathered up all his allies to discuss how to break the formation . Unfortunately, even a first grade general like Baiqi couldn't solve it, how could they?

Ouyang Shuo knew that to break the formation, one couldn't use a normal logic cycle . As in such an aspect, be it the players or historical people like Qianshou, they couldn't compare with Baiqi .

This day, Ouyang Shuo brought two guards and went up to Guanglang City tower . In his mind, he only thought about the chariot circle formation and nothing else .

In the morning sun, a flock of geese flew across the sky .

Ouyang Shuo froze, and an idea flashed across his mind . He tried his best to calm himself down, closing his eyes, he connected what he gained from the geese to the chariot circle formation, to try and catch that glimmer of light .

The chariot circle formation was closely linked with one another, one part depending on the other to not give the enemy a chance . Normally speaking, to break this formation, one could either not bother about it, making the formation useless, or gather up all the troops to attack it from all sides to make the troops in the middle pressured . Then, they naturally wouldn't be able to adapt .

These two methods would absolutely not work .

The first needed absolute patience, and the Zhao troops in the formation had an endless supply of grain from Gu Pass, so even before they ran out, the Qin Army was finished .

The second plan needed a huge army, and after a few hard battles, the Qin Army had lost half their men and couldn't use pure numbers to swarm the formation .

The flying geese gave Ouyang Shuo a brand new idea .

Since traditional methods didn't work, one needed to innovate . Ouyang Shuo was thinking, what if they could be like the modern military and parachute people into the core of the formation? As long as the core was chaotic and as the troops attacked from the outside, the formation was bound to break .

One had to say, the cooperation with the rattlesnake mercenary group had stimulated Ouyang Shuo's thinking and made it more of a mix of modern and ancient thoughts .

The hard part would be how could they parachute? The ancient times didn't have planes where they could drop people off .

Ouyang Shuo opened his eyes, and as he turned to the Daliang Mountain, his eyes brightened .

The Daliang Mountain was in the center of the rivers and stretched to the foot of the Gu Pass, right next to the formation .

If one could jump off from the peak, one definitely could, without relying on planes, land in the middle of the chariot circle formation .

Now for it to become a probable solution, there was just a final piece of the puzzle . How to find a replacement for a parachute?

Ouyang Shuo immediately thought of the military tents that the Shanhai City army brought . This far exceeded olden technology and was just the best replacement for the parachute .

After thinking carefully, Ouyang Shuo didn't hesitate and excitedly said, "Lets go to the Lang Mountain and meet Baiqi!" As he said, he walked down the city tower .

His Guards, upon seeing their marquis so happy, were delighted too and followed quickly behind .

When Ouyang Shuo rushed to the peak, Baiqi was still standing there and looking at the formation, not making a sound .

To Ouyang Shuo's arrival, Baiqi didn't have any reaction .

Helplessly, Ouyang Shuo could only say, "I've thought of a way to break the formation, please take a look if it's practical . "

"What?" The motionless Baiqi immediately turned around, shocking Ouyang Shuo . He used his three-cornered eye that only Qin people had and stared at Ouyang Shuo, emotionally saying, "What method, quick, quick, tell me!"

Ouyang Shuo calmed himself down before saying out all his ideas and plans .

After hearing Ouyang Shuo's plan, Baiqi didn't make a sound . After a long while, he muttered, "There's actually such a method in this world, I'm really old and stupid . "

"This was an idea that I randomly thought of, do you think it will work?"

Baiqi was, after all, Baiqi, and after Ouyang Shuo explained a little more, he understood the point and confidently said, "Although some points are lacking, overall it's still okay . We just need to be more detailed . Not talking about others, to accurately land in the middle without much training is impossible . "

"Apart from that, how many to send is also a problem . We can't sent too many or we will expose our goal . We can't send too little or they won't be able to create chaos; when to land is also very important . If they were found before they landed, they would become living targets and even before landing, they would be shot . "

Ouyang Shuo knew that talking about details he definitely wouldn't be Baiqi's level . He carefully said, "Based on your orders, all the player forces are under your command . "

Baiqi nodded and said, "Qiyue Wuyi, you are amazing . It has been a few months since I've known you and you have given me so many surprises . Today you have solved the difficult problem . If we win, you will get all the credit . "

Ouyang Shuo tried his best to hold in his emotions . "Thank you general for your praises, I’m only doing what I'm supposed to do . "

Baiqi waved him off and said, "You also need to do a few other things . "

"General, please tell!"

"Firstly, draw the blueprints and give it to the military to teach them how to sew it . Secondly, collect all the military tents . "

"Yes general!" Ouyang Shuo nodded, but he still had something to say .

Baiqi's eyes were sharp . "What else do you have? Just say it . "

"I have a small request . Out of the cavalry I brought, I have one Guards regiment who are all experienced soldiers and have received more advanced training . Can general allow me to choose a portion of them to join in this operation?"

Baiqi nodded . "Your guards regiment, I've also heard about them for myself . Huan He, Ying Bai and Wang He have all told me that they were well equipped, really strong, could charge down formations, and have a strong defense . However, they are cavalry, can they do infantry warfare too?"

Ouyang Shuo was elated . The Shanhai City army didn't let him down, leaving a strong impression amongst the generals, even making Baiqi take note of them .

"The guards regiment was chosen from all parts of the military, so they are all good at both . "

"Great, I agree!" Baiqi agreed without any hesitation .

In Baiqi's plan, his 300 Tieying swordsmen were naturally the best choice . However 300 men was a little small, and since Ouyang Shuo suggested this, he naturally wouldn't refuse .

"Thank you general, for your trust!" Ouyang Shuo pushing for the guards regiment to be sent, he wasn't being selfish and purely wanted to increase the chances of victory . And furthermore, they had received training in the new camp and had seen a lot more things . With their combat power, they were more than suitable .

If not, for such a dangerous mission, he wouldn't have dared to send the Guards regiment .

Do consider giving us a vote if you are enjoying TWO! Like last month, we will be releasing 8 bonus chapters if we come first!



* * *





Chapter 278




Chapter 278: TWO Chapter 278- Victory Is in Our Sights

Chapter 278- Victory Is in Our Sights

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The Battle of Changping had once again entered the rhythm of the Qin army.

Baiqi ordered Ying Bao and his troops to build a camp, digging moats and defend it. No matter what, they wouldn't come out and fight. If not, they would face military punishment.

If the 100 thousand men army set their hearts to defending, Zhao Kuo taking them down wouldn't be easy.

After settling down on the northern side, Baiqi ordered the Meng Ao forces to coordinate with Wang He's forces to attack and try to find the weakness of the formation.

Huan He's forces that were camped in Guanglang City split off 10 thousand cavalry to protect the grain and ensure that the enemy wouldn't have a chance to attack the route.

All this was just a facade.

Most importantly, the Qin army was making plans for the airborne soldiers operation.

They set the number of airborne soldiers at 1000. Apart from the guards of Baiqi, the 300 Tieying Swordsmen, the remaining 700 were all chosen from Shanhai City's Guards regiment.

Shi Wanshui was the leader of this operation, and the vice leader was the commander of Baiqi's guards.

The reason for the plan was that Shi Wanshui was a fierce general and could take up the task; and also because he was inside the martial temple, and even if he died, he could be revived.

The crafting of the parachutes also went smoothly.

After the first parachute was made, Ouyang Shuo tested it out.

For the test site, he chose it to be a cliff on top of the Lang Mountain. He ordered men to find a doll and placed a 50 kg stone in it, before tying it to the parachute.

The parachute with the doll flew down the cliff and slowly landed at the foot of the mountain.

The test results made Baiqi and the others watching from the side very pleased.

After resting on heavy objects, next was to test on real people. The guards regiment colonel Wang Feng was brave and was the first to test it out. Ouyang Shuo taught some parachuting skills to him.

Compared to the heavy object, Wang Feng's test was much more clumsy. As there weren't other secondary materials, the parachute was very simple and couldn't be opened in mid air.

Hence to be able to smoothly fly, one had to run before jumping off.

The landing portion was also hard for one to keep a good balance. It was shaking left and right, scaring Ouyang Shuo.

Luckily in the end, Wang Feng landed safely.

Although Ouyang Shuo wasn't too pleased, but to Baiqi and the others, this was unbelievable.

Baiqi was very confident and wanted the strikeforce to practice on Lang Mountain until everyone was familiar with the skill.

He also sent out spies to go atop Daliang Mountain to find a suitable spot. He also made modifications to the spots like simple running paths.

All of this were done in secret.

During this period, another small thing occurred, Feng Qiuhuang had luckily activated the recruitment quest for Wang He and surprisingly completed it. Once the battle ended, she could have him under her squad.

Towards her good luck, all members of the Shanhai Alliance sent her their congratulations.

Ouyang Shuo was happy that Fallen Phoenix City finally had a general, and to the Shanhai Alliance, it definitely was a positive.

No wonder from the start Feng Qiuhuang was so eager for the Battle of Changping. Ouyang Shuo guessed that she must have had some insider news and this luck was something t

hat was bound to happen.

Towards her little selfishness, Ouyang Shuo could understand it. He couldn't ask all members of the alliance to be selfless. For each member to have a secret weapon was to be expected.

With such an occurrence, Di Chen and the others were recruiting the generals of Zhao.

In the army, the general Zhao Kuo and deputy Zhao Zhuang were all good choices.

Especially Zhao Kuo, the experience from the Battle of Changping had perfected him. Even if he couldn't be a general on the battlefield, for him to be an advisor was also very good.

Apart from that, in Handan there was still Lianpo waiting for the players to recruit him. Lianpo was forsaken by the king, so the chances of getting him was much higher.

As for Limu, as he was too far away and had nothing to do with the Battle of Changping, it would be near impossible to recruit him. Furthermore, Limu at that time was probably still young and hadn't reached the peak of his greatness.

Like Feng Qiuhuang, Di Chen and the others craved for historical generals.

Ouyang Shuo remembered that in the last life, Lianpo was recruited by Di Chen. Who knew if there would be any chances in this life.

The Battle of Changping had entered its final phases.

After being taught a painful lesson of having their grain supply cut off, Zhao Kuo didn't move the soldiers at Hukou Pass and instead prepared the 170 thousand troops in Gu Pass to take down Ying Bao's camp.

Gu Pass couldn't be left without any soldiers. Hence, the number that Zhao Kuo could use would be around 150 thousand.

Ying Bao followed Baiqi's orders and defended. Under the circumstances that the difference in strength wasn't insane, Zhao Kuo was helpless. He attacked several times without success.

Zhao Kuo was determined to take it down, ordering the Hukou Pass troops to attack together.

Similarly, the Qin army secretly moved their forces. The strike force had moved to Daliang Mountain and was ready to parachute in, what they waited for was the right time.

This day, during first light, in the Changping Valley, there was fog.

The white mist made the whole place cloudy and foggy like that of a paradise.

Baiqi woke up early as usual and started training. Seeing the white fog, he was on cloud nine. "Even the heavens are helping me!"

"Send my orders!" Following his orders, the Qin army started to act.

Wang He and Huan He's forces secretly left their base and got close to Gu Pass. After rushing to Wang Ling camp, they met up with Meng Ao's forces and the 200 thousand Qin army set out to Gu Pass.

The one in charge of the formation was the deputy general Zhao Zhuang.

The large scale movement of the Qin army definitely couldn't be hidden from Zhao Zhuang. He was immediately on alert. Although he was confident in the formation, the entire Qin army setting out still scared him.

Baiqi's reputation wasn't only in the Qin army. He probably found a way to break the formation. Zhao Zhuang didn't dare to be careless, ordering the 100 thousand men to be alert.

Just as both armies were nervously facing off, the strikeforce on top of Daliang Mountain was ready.

The white fog only lingered at the foot and at the peak, it was clear as day.

The strike force had practiced it hundreds of times, and under the lead of Shi Wanshui, they used the running path and jumped off. They were like a group of soldiers falling from the heavens, quietly descending.

The white fog was of great help to the strike force. The Zhao Army only looked at the Qin army and didn't expect troops to come from above. They didn't even lift their heads up, and with the cover of the fog, not until the strikeforce landed in the center of the formation did the Zhao Army react.

Shi Wanshui didn't care about their surprise and led the strike force to split out into a circle and charge towards the enemy, clearing out a space to provide cover for the landing members.

Zhao Zhuang was sitting in the drum tower and was the first to notice traces of the strike force. Although he was astonished, he quickly reacted and ordered the soldiers to surround them before they were firmly on the ground.

Just as the middle of the formation was in chaos, the Qin troops on the outside of the formation started attacking. The one leading the attack was Wang He and his 50 thousand men. This fierce general led his soldiers and dashed in fearlessly.

The pincer move made it very uncomfortable for the Zhao Army, and they couldn't look out for one another.

The 1000 man strike force, after landing, lost less than 100 men. Some were shot by archers, some landed outside of the formation and lost contact with the group. Some died in combat while trying to cover for others.

After the strikeforce sat foot firmly on the ground, Shi Wanshui set the drum tower as his target.

For this sneak attack, the strike force made sufficient preparations. With a shout, the members took out their axes and chopped down the command tower. Just in case, they also used alchemical fire oil to burn it cleanly to the ground.

The Zhao army were also prideful people, how could they allow enemies to do whatever they wanted in their territory? Tens of thousands of soldiers rushed from all directions to try to destroy this unit.

As the drum tower burned, smoke bellowed, and it looked like it was about to collapse. Zhao Zhuang, helplessly, along with the protection of his guards, escaped the tower.

At this point, the formation lost its commanding pillar and was unable to function effectively.

Baiqi, who was outside the formation, upon seeing such a great opportunity definitely wouldn't let it go, commanding his troops to all attack and destroy the formation.

The mission of the strikeforce was completed, and what they needed to do now was to survive.

Facing the charging Zhao army, Shi Wanshui snickered. "Time to let you witness the strength of Grandpa Shi!" He waved his spear as he said that, taking the initiative to attack.

The members of the strike force roared out and formed up, charging towards the Zhao army.

Out of all of them, be it Tieying Swordsmen or Guards regiment, they were all elites. Under the leadership of Shi Wanshui, they were like lions, charging around in a pack of wolves.

In a moment, the 10 thousand man Zhao army couldn't keep up with the 900 of them, so it was a shocking sight.

Shi Wanshui's spear was like a dragon. When he pointed to someone, they died. When he came into contact with someone, he injured them. He displayed the strength of one of the top 10 generals in history; he was a real asura.

In a short amount of time, the center of the formation was littered with bodies, and it was very explosive.

Do consider giving us a vote if you are enjoying TWO! Like last month, we will be releasing 8 bonus chapters if we come first!



* * *





Chapter 279




Chapter 279: TWO Chapter 279- Encircling and Entrapping

Chapter 279- Encircling and Entrapping

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Not mentioning Shi Wanshui who was in the middle of the chariot circle formation and slaughtering in all four directions, outside of the formation, Baiqi had left the Lang Mountain and personally started to command the troops.

Two hundred thousand troops under Baiqi's command had broken layer after layer of the chariot circle formation.

After the formation lost its middle command, although it was barely working, it had already lost its spine. It wasn't as smooth and coordinated and was now just a dead formation.

Comparatively, the Qin army under Baiqi's lead, be it attacking from the front or the back, coordination between infantry and cavalry, baiting the enemy or attacking upfront, was completely superior.

All these many forms, Baiqi commanded them like they were a whole body, precisely eating away at the Zhao army. The Zhao army was split into a few layers, and their advantage had instantly became their burden.

Zhao Zhuang escaped the burning tower and he tried to reorganize and lead the troops, but unfortunately it was too late.

At the foot of Gu Pass, the shocking battle had entered its crucial stages. Amongst the formation, killing shouts bellowed, and dust and smoke rose.

The paradise in the morning had now became hell on earth.

Within 5 kilometers, the 200 thousand Qin army and the 100 thousand Zhao army were interlaced, red and black mixing together, engaging in slaughter like a drawing of nature.

The land was the sketchpad, the soldiers were the colors, and Baiqi was the artist.

As the battle proceeded, the black color started to gain the upper hand, a black flood split up the red, surrounding them group by group, engaging in cruel encirclement.

Slowly, the red color became thinner and thinner, and the black became the main core. The chaotic red was surrounded in the sea of black as it got pushed around.

Nearing the end of the battle, the chariot circle formation had totally failed and the Zhao army had lost.

Zhao Zhuang was also very decisive. Upon seeing that things weren't going right, he wanted to save as many as possible. He ordered the troops to retreat and get back to Gu Pass.

Seeing them desert the formation and escaping, Baiqi immediately ordered them to stop chasing.

This large battle could be said to have finally ended.

In the battle report, the Qin army, with a cost of 10 thousand men, broke the formation and killed 30 thousand men, causing the remaining forces to run back to Gu Pass.

After breaking the formation, the grain that the Zhao Army left in the formation was taken by the Qin army.

Baiqi didn't slack off and ordered them to use the resources in the formation to build a camp right at the base of the Gu Pass, naming it the South Camp and locking off all ways the Zhao Army could go down south.

After the battle, Baiqi moved the base from Lang Mountain to Wang Ling Camp. Meng Ao's forces who was camped in Wang Ling camp met up with Wang He's forces and entered the South camp.

As for Huan He's iron cavalry, they entered the Wang Ling camp, acted as the reserve force, and also protected the grain transport route.

Of the ones who did the most in this fight, the 1000 man strikeforce, in the end only 400 odd men survived. Out of the 700 from the Guards regiment, around 300 survived.

When Shi Wanshui walked out from the formation, he was totally covered with the fresh blood of the enemy, like an Asura that walked out of hell.

The Qin sol

diers looked at Shi Wanshui, their eyes filled with respect.

Ouyang Shuo was delighted. Be it the Battle of Zhuolu or the Battle of Muye, and even now in the Battle of Changping, Shi Wanshui could step out at the crucial moment and solve his problems.

Facing off against Chiyou, building the steel defensive line during the Battle of Muye, and now leading the strike force, he was really a war god and a fierce soldier.

Er'Lai upon seeing Shi Wanshui so amazing and so glorious, wanted to find a chance to prove himself. Luo Sha sensed his master's desire for fighting and growled, "Nian~~"

Ouyang Shuo laughed in amusement and shook his head. Once the chariot circle formation was broken, the whole situation was settled. It was already not far away from the end of the Battle of Changping.

Two things started to happen, so let's describe one of them first.

As the intense battle occured in Changping Valley, war also started on the northern side.

Zhao Kuo led 150 thousand soldiers from Gu Pass to meet up with the 50 thousand from Hukou Pass. They were like a fiery sea as they charged towards Ying Bao's camp.

The pressure on the Ying Bao camp grew greatly and they were in a dangerous situation. After a few modifications to the camp, it was an iron fortress, various machines and resources were lined up closely with one another. Ying Bao was also a strong general, leading the troops and chasing them away time after time.

In a moment, although the Zhao Army had an advantage, they couldn't breach the camp.

The battle to attack the Ying Bao camp became a long battle. Just at this moment, the chariot circle formation was broken and the news of the Zhao Zhuang army losing had spread to Zhao Kuo. It was like thunder on a clear day, blowing all his thoughts and plans apart. Zhao Kuo had never expected that such a formation would be broken so quickly by the Qin army.

The moment the chariot circle formation was broken, this meant that the south side faced the threat of a Qin army attack. With such a situation, how could Zhao Kuo siege Ying Bao's camp in peace?

He got more bad news. "A bunch of the Qin soldiers went around the Taixing Mountain and entered Hukou Pass. They wanted to take it down while we were attacking. The 10 thousand soldiers defending it have all died."

Upon hearing that news, his legs crumbled and he couldn't stay still. His face was ashen white, devoid of any blood, and in his eyes had a look of desperation and loss of hope.

Seeing their general like that, the scout was also nervous. The Zhao army had spent so much effort to overturn the situation, and in this instance, there was a 180 degree change.

If it were others, they wouldn't be able to accept it immediately. Even more so for Zhao Kuo, who was prideful.

After the Yewang Stronghold was destroyed, the Qing king set up a new army in Henei. This army wasn't deployed by Baiqi and just asked them to go up north and wait for a chance.

His original plan was to use them to stop all the reinforcements. He didn't expect the Wei Army to be so weak and be destroyed by the 100 thousand iron cavalry, scaring the other 5 countries so no one sent any reinforcements.

Even so, considering that the Qin army in the Changping war zone was doing okay, Baiqi asked the army to hide.

Based on the way he commanded troops, he still didn't give up on surrounding the Zhao army. This was the final part of the plan he had set. The Hukou Pass became the best point in Baiqi's eyes.

As expected, chances were given to people who sought them.

Under Baiqi's deliberate bait, the young Zhao Kuo couldn't resist and wanted to destroy Ying Bak's army and obtain a glorious victory. However he didn't know that he walked right into a trap.

The war happened as Baiqi had planned. The only exception would be the chariot circle formation which had given him quite a big headache.

Luckily with Ouyang Shuo's thinking, it was solved and the situation returned to what he had expected. Apart from Baiqi, no one would be able to come up with such a huge plan.

It was because of this that Baiqi had high praise for Ouyang Shuo. If it wasn't for his plan, Baiqi's entire plan would’ve gone to waste.

Taking the chance to conquer Hukou Pass, they cut off the grain supply lines of the Zhao army, as well as their only path back to Handan.

"Retreat, go back to Gu Pass!" After keeping quiet for long, Zhao Kuo said softly.

At this crucial moment, Zhao Kuo was still a little rational and didn't force the attack on Ying Bao camp. The destruction of the formation meant that before the Ying Bao camp would collapse, Gu Pass would first.

At that point, the 200 thousand Zhao army would have no camp to defend and no grain to support them. Thinking about such a situation, Zhao Kuo shivered.

Hence, he needed to rush back to Gu Pass and defend before the Qin army got ready, defending it and hoping that they could hold off until reinforcements arrived. Inside the Gu Pass was also enough grain to use for one month.

As long as the Zhao army defended, the Qin army wouldn't be able to take down Gu Pass.

After they retreated, Zhao Kuo fell sick and had a high fever, making him unable to think clearly. The Zhao army lost their soul and were now in a desperate situation. They were at the lowest point in their history.

Just at this moment, Zhao Sheng stood out and calmed everyone down.

Learning that Hukou Pass was taken over by the Qin Army, Di Chen and the others were furious. After so many intense battles, there were less than 10 thousand men left in their player camp and couldn't affect the battle as much. All their plans went up in smoke.

The only thing that they could feel happy was that they successfully recruited two generals. Di Chen rushed to Handan and persuaded Lianpo. Zhan Lang made use of his performance to recruit Zhao Zhuang.

Only Zhao Kuo, although Chun Shenjun triggered his quest, with the current situation, whether he would be able to recruit him was a huge question mark.

The battle was about to end!

Do consider giving us a vote if you are enjoying TWO! Like last month, we will be releasing 8 bonus chapters if we come first!



* * *





Chapter 280




Chapter 280-

Chapter 280- The Final Battle

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The news of the Zhao army being trapped by the Qin army had spread to all the countries . All their kings felt numb and could only look on with respect toward the Qin to the west .

Handan was in a deathly silence as the various ministers engaged in a debate .

Some suggested Handan to copy the Qin, enlist all 15 and above young men to form an army, and let Lianpo lead them to attack Hukou Pass . Some suggested to negotiate with the Qin, and with the price of letting off the trapped forces, they would give them Shangdou Prefecture .

Whichever one it was, it was really difficult .

Firstly, acquiring a huge army wasn't something that could be done in a day . Even before they got the army prepared, the Zhao army trapped in Gu Pass would have starved to death .

Even if they could form up an army, they had totally no experience and could never break down Hukou Pass defended by 60 thousand Qin soldiers . Although they were also rookies, they had the experience of one battle; secondly, they had the geological advantage, defensive weapons, and tools .

Hence, that plan would definitely not work; the various countries were scared of the Qin, so they wouldn't send anyone to help the Zhao .

Hence, they could only helplessly send their ambassador to Xianyang .

Be in the Qing king Fanju or Baiqi, their goal was to destroy the Zhao, so how would they let them off when they had the absolute advantage? Based on Fanju's word, Shangdou was already theirs so why should the Zhao give it to them?

Taking out the nail that was the Zhao, they would have a smooth route east and could work toward ruling the land .

Although they had decided to refuse to settle matters with the Zhao, when the ambassador came, Fanju acted like he was very warm and faked sincerity toward him .

Baiqi sent a letter and hoped that they could delay the ambassador and leave some hope for those in Gu Pass to prevent them from fighting with them all .

Fanju loved such as scheme and happily played along .

Hence, the Qing king was hiding away from the Zhao ambassador . While Fanju acted as a prime minister who was trying his best to calm the whole situation, delaying the ambassador and making him stuck in Xianyang .

Just as the ambassador was doing all he could to run around Xianyang, the Changping war zone experienced a moment of peace as both sides stopped fighting .

Everyone knew that this was just temporary, and once the negotiations broke down, the fighting would start once again .

Making use of the chance, Baiqi did a huge reorganization of the army, sending the 100 thousand new troops into the main force and also strengthened the Hukou Pass defense .

At this point, the soldiers defending the Hukou Pass included both old and new soldiers . Even if Handan sent a new army, it was near impossible for them to take down the pass .

After reorganizing the military, Baiqi heaved a sigh of relief . He knew that he had an 80% chance of winning this battle .

His master plan had dazzled Ouyang Shuo and taught him a lot . During the free time, Ouyang Shuo took the chance to talk to Baiqi and talk about territorial matters, and also to bring both of them closer .

Ever since he broke the chariot circle formation, Baiqi's attitude toward Ouyang Shuo had became very positive, and both of them grew much closer . Sometimes, he would discuss with Ouyang Shuo about how to take down Gu Pass .

Baiqi knew that this time, them surrounding the enemy was very different to the first time . The Zhao army now had a camp that they could defend, and they had a reason to go all out and attack before their grain ran out .

To be able to take down the Zhao army without spilling any blood was a near impossible matter .

Hence, no matter how Baiqi theorized and planned, it was still going to be an intense battle .

No matter how the Zhao army tried to breach and escape, they had to face the Qin army . As for how to take down Gu Pass, Baiqi had already starting to make plans . He wanted to smoothly take down the pass with the least casualties .

Up until now, although the Qin army held the absolute advantage, in truth, both sides lost close to half of their men .

In Changping Valley, the 500 thousand men of the Qin and Zhao forces laid in wait .

In a blink of an eye, half a month passed .

The Zhao ambassador achieved nothing in Xianyang, and understood that the Qin would not negotiate and had seen through their scheme, furiously leaving Xianyang .

Even though they saw through their schemes, there was nothing the Zhao could do .

During the time they sent their ambassador to the Qin, Handan didn't lay in wait . They sent out ambassadors with large amounts of goods and gifts to the various countries to try and get them to send troops, but unfortunately it didn't work .

In the Wei country, needless to say, Xinling Lord was locked up . The Qi king, under the advice of Pu Xianru, declined; the Chu king was on the fence in this battle; the worst was Yan country who even wanted to attack the Zhao .

Human nature was cruel, the world was harsh, and what everyone paid attention to were profits and self-gain .

The king of Zhao also activated Lianpo and started to recruit a new army in Handan .

Half a month had passed, and the 100 thousand newbie army had started to form . Even with Lianpo's ability, he didn't have any confidence in his army .

However, because of the tough times, the Zhao couldn't handle it if their entire force collapsed . The Zhao king could only order Lianpo to lead the troops to charge toward Hukou Pass .

However, one could imagine how a 100 thousand man rookie army would do . After the Qin army took over the camp, they reorganized their troops and sorted out their equipment . The soldiers were sent to the city wall and trained in the art of defense, getting familiar with the defensive facilities .

Not only that, Baiqi had also sent Meng Ao over to Hukou Pass . With him there, there would be definitely no chance for Lianpo to take them down .

What Lianpo was up against was such a pass .

Based on his original intention, he didn't want to attack the pass . Unfortunately, he couldn't go against the king's orders, and also because there were many of the men that followed him for years in the Gu Pass army, he couldn't leave them there .

With the continuous attacks, apart from the number of casualties increasing, they had no progress .

As Lianpo attacked the pass, Zhao Kuo, who was at Gu Pass, finally recovered . He naturally wouldn't sit and wait . He needed to break the entrapment before they ran out of grain .

North or south? Zhao Kuo needed to make a choice .

If they went north, not only did he need to go past Ying Bao's camp, but also Hukou Pass . Going south, he naturally needed to go against the South camp and Wang Ling camp .

Whichever side he chose, it wasn't going to be easy .

What was worse was he couldn't move all his troops . Gu Pass was trapped in the middle, and no matter where he chose, Gu Pass would be attacked by the other side .

After considering everything, Zhao Kuo ordered Zhao Zhuang to bring 70 thousand men and defend the southern part of Gu Pass . He led 200 thousand of their main force to attack Ying Bao's camp .

At this point, there were 140 thousand men there . Zhao Kuo, to take down such a camp with only 200 thousand men, was harder than ascending the heavens .

Before leaving, he did a final rally, “Brothers, this is our last chance . Either we succeed or we die trying . There's no third way out . "

"Kill! Kill! Kill!" A sad and tragic feeling spread out of Gu Pass, giving them courage and the motivation to attack .

"Move out!" Zhao Kuo ordered .

Di Chen and the other player lords brought their remaining forces, looking on as they walked toward their deaths . At this point, if they refused, they would only be killed .

Both sides were in a life or death battle from the start .

There wasn't any testing out or any luck; it was either you die or I die!

Each battle, one could see the eagerness of each soldier . Each city wall needed one to continuously defend and attack . If the Zhao army took it down, then the Qin army would try to take it back .

The number of dead soldiers could be seen to increase with the naked eye .

Zhao Kuo split his army into two parts, taking turns to attack the wall, not stopping before they succeeded .

The Qin army also wasn't easy meat, Ying Bao leading an army of elites to be a ‘firefighting squad . ’ Every time they appeared, they would take back the lost land .

The red sea and black wave struck at each other again; they stepped on the enemy's corpses and advanced . The cruel battlefield made every soldier into an Asura, and made the battlefield into a living hell .

In their eyes, there was only killing and nothing else .

A morning of attacking had resulted in the Ying Bao camp being in tatters . All the defensive tools were destroyed, and the Qin army could only use their bodies to block the attack . As the attacking force, the Zhao army was also feeling the pressure and their bodies piled up outside the camp .

Not being able to succeed made the Zhao army's morale dip . The huge deaths, continuous winning and losing was a crushing grinding and testing of their mental strength .

From now, it was a metal battle to see which side couldn't last .

The one that broke the balance of the battlefield wasn't either of the two sides that fought, but it came from the behind the Zhao forces .

Gu Pass, was broken by the Qin Army .



* * *





Chapter 281




Chapter 281-

Chapter 281- The War Is Over

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Just as Zhuo Kuo led his troops to attack Ying Bao's camp, Baiqi similarly dispatched his troops to attack Gu Pass .

Two hundred thousand troops surrounded the south side of Gu Pass .

With the help of the sets of three-bow arcuballistas that Ouyang Shuo and Mulan Yue brought, numerous step arrows were shot into the walls . This allowed the Qin soldiers to climb up and attack like a flood .

Zhao Zhuang's forces tried their best to retaliate, as numerous rolling wood and giant rocks pelted down from above the wall, crushing wave after wave of soldiers . The fire defense line formed by the alchemical fire oil cabinets burned the enemy . When their bodies fell to the ground, they instantly fell apart .

Apart from that, the Zhao army used their height advantage to rain down arrows .

The Qin army was also fearless . They used the corpses to fill up the moat and ate away at the defensive resources that the Zhao had . Under the city wall, the bodies of the Qin soldiers piled up to 2 meters high .

The soldiers stepped on the bodies and continued to climb upward .

The attack of the vanguard team became the last straw that crushed the Zhao Zhuang forces .

Gu Pass had finally fallen . The remaining soldiers inside had no other place to go . Hence, they raised their hands and surrendered .

The fall of Gu Pass meant that the Battle of Changping had entered its final stages .

Upon learning that Gu Pass was lost, the Zhao army, which was attacking the Ying Bao camp, no longer had the motivation to attack . Looks of despair filled their faces .

After a little struggle, shortly after Zhao Zhuang surrendered, Zhao Kuo surrendered too .

Based on Zhao Kuo's personality, he would rather die than surrender; furthermore, based on what Di Chen and the rest said, the Qin army would kill off troops that surrendered and wouldn't let them survive .

Only, history had already changed . Zhao Kuo would follow Chun Shenjun to step onto another journey and into another world to continue his fight against Baiqi .

At this point, the war was officially over . The Zhao camp had no way to fight back, and the battle notification sounded .

Maybe Gaia couldn't bear to see 200 thousand Zhao soldiers being slaughtered, thus ending the battle when they surrendered .

"Battle report: the Battle of Changping is officially over . Now based on player's contribution and their use in the battle, calculating bonus battle contribution points . "

In this battle, Ouyang Shuo wasn't the only shining light . Di Chen, Zhan Lang, and Chun Shenjun had all affected the proceedings and played a huge role . As such they all gained high amounts of points .

A system notification resounded by Ouyang Shuo's ear .

"System Notification: Player Qiyue Wuyi, player representative of Qin Country, the Shanhai City cavalry that he led had huge contributions, and he thought of the method to break the chariot circle formation . Awarded bonus 20 thousand battle contribution points . "

Compared to the two battles before, Gaia's evaluation of his performance had largely dipped and even his points was at its lowest yet .

Even so, based on the killings of the 10 thousand cavalry, his battle contribution points were still at the top of the leaderboard .

Rank- Name- Battle Contribution Points

1st: Qiyue Wuyi- 350 thousand

2nd: Di Chen- 150 thousand

3rd: Bai Hua- 120 thousand

4th: Zhan Lang- 100 thousand

5th: Feng Qiuhuang- 85 thousand

6th: Chun Shenjun- 55 thousand

7th: Xunlong Dianxue- 50 thousand

8th: Mulan Yue- 45 thousand

9th: Xiong Ba- 30 thousand

10th: Feng Qingyang- 25 thousand

Expectedly, the leaderboard was taken up by the Shanhai Alliance and Yanhuang Alliance . Apart from Ouyang Shuo being the untouchable first, the rest were inseparable .

With such results, although the Yanhuang Alliance lost, there was still glory in it .

Di Chen, Chun Shenjun and the others ranked up to 1st class earl and had finally cleared the obstacle to become a grade 3 ciy . The next would be to make preparations to upgrade to a prefecture .

Regretfully, Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang couldn't rank up to 3rd class Marquis . Both of them had to wait until the next battle before they could rank up .

As the lord's class increased, the number of troops they could bring increased too, making the main way to earn battle contribution points slaughter on the battlefield instead of quests and bonus points .

Taking this battle as an example, Shanhai City had 20 times the troops of a normal lord, and 10 times that of Di Chen and the others . Hence, their ability to get points weren't on the same level .

Therefore, although they took the initiative and spent time planning and scheming, they couldn't compare with Ouyang Shuo in terms of battle contribution points .

With pros, there were definitely cons too .

With such a huge army, one had to pay a high price too . After the battle, of Shanhai City's 10 thousand elite cavalry, only 6500 remained . The rest all died on the battlefield of Changping .

Not only Ouyang Shuo, but the other lord's forces had heavy casualties . Out of the 70 thousand player troops from both sides, less than 30 thousand survived .

Ouyang Shuo roughly remembered that during the year-end celebration, Gaia would do a small scale update, which would involve changes to the battles .

The lords used up large amounts of gold and troops . If they only earned merit points, it wouldn't be worth it . Hence, Gaia would release more tempting prizes to motivate lords to participate .

Ouyang Shuo earned 39 thousand merit points and now he had reached a total of 129500 merit points, ranking up to rank 2 Marquis, and he was a lot closer to the 204800 merit points required to rank up to rank 1 Marquis .

The ranking up didn't make Ouyang Shuo satisfied . What he cared about were the rewards that the Qin gave out .

During the Battle of Zhuolu, he had obtained the and the ; during the Battle of Muye, he gained the incense pills and the Shangdian . The latter boosted one's strength while the former increased the territory strength .

As usual, Bai Hua and the others went back to the main map while Ouyang Shuo went to the Wang Ling Camp to wait for his reward .

An official brought the reward from the Qing King, a jade pendant .

Name: Dragon and Phoenix pendant (platinum rank)

Type: Jewelry

Specialty: Deterrence (Raise the prestige of the wearer), Implication (Helps the cultivation of the wearer)

Evaluation: Dragon and Phoenix, represents peace and prosperity and also a high status . It shows a good sign and represents well wishes .

The specialty description was simple, and as for how it worked, Ouyang Shuo had to find out himself .

A pendant was naturally good . Unfortunately, it was still far from what he expected . He thanked the official and wore the pendant .

Ouyang Shuo came to say goodbye to Baiqi .

He seemed like he was specifically waiting for him . "Did you get your reward?"

"Yes, I'm here to say goodbye to you . "

"Great, lets go!" Baiqi said casually .

Ouyang Shuo didn't react and stammered, "W-we?"

"Yes? You don't welcome me?"

Baiqi's words were like a huge pie that smacked him on the head .

Ouyang Shuo couldn't understand . He didn't trigger the recruiting mission, so why would Baiqi be willing to follow him?

If he didn't know the reason, he wouldn't be at ease .

"I don't understand . "

As if he expected that Ouyang Shuo would ask that, he said, "My god told me that Lianpo and Zhao Kuo had went to the player world . The Qin no longer need me, so I want to go to the player world too . You are first rate, be it talent or territorial power, so you're obviously the best choice . "

Ouyang Shuo understood; so it was the work of Gaia . If it was as he expected, recruiting him was the hidden reward .

How could it be just a jade pendant?

What Gaia told Baiqi probably didn't stop with Zhao Kuo . In history, after the Battle of Changping, Baiqi was killed by the Qing King, so that was another reason .

"Wu An lord, please!" Ouyang Shuo said solemnly .

Baiqi shook his head, "There's no more Wu An Lord, I am Baiqi . " Following which, he took the lead and walked out .

After that, Ouyang Shuo led the troops back to the main map .

On the way back, he checked Baiqi's stats .

Name: Baiqi (God rank)

Title: Asura

Dynasty: Warring States (Qin)

Identity: Shanhai City General

Occupation: Special rank general

Loyalty: 75

Command: 98

Force: 90

Intelligence: 85

Politics: 45

Specialty: Annihilation in war: Raise troops morale by 40%; Hot pursuit: Raise troops movement speed by 30%; Field fortification: Raise troops Defence by 20%; Adapting to the enemy: Raise troops killing ability by 25%

Cultivation Method: Killing Sword sword technique

Equipment: Heavy type Qin Sword

Evaluation: The best of the 4 famous generals during the warring states, good with machines and mechanics, great courage, a cut above the rest, great at adapting, produces miracles, shocks the world, the best war god .

Compared to Shi Wanshui and Er'Lai, Baiqi's stats were terrifying . His command, force and intelligence were all first rate, and the only thing he lacked was politics .

His character specialties were an all-round buff for his troops .

Amazing, Baiqi!



* * *





Chapter 282




Chapter 282-

Chapter 282- Philosopher Debate

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

When Ouyang Shuo returned to the main map, it was already the afternoon of the 19th . The moment he walked out of the teleportation formation, a system notification sounded out in his ear .

"System notification: The Battle of Changping had officially ended, the Spring and Autumn Period and Warring States Period’s main historical people will automatically join the game . Players, please reach for them yourselves . "

In these periods, the number of famous people were numerous, and something big was about to happen .

"System notification: Jiang Ziya lives in seclusion in Shanhai City . Officially triggering storyline quest . Philosophers automatically join the game . For specifics, the players may log onto the official websites to find out . "

The moment the notification went out, the players went into an uproar .

The most vibrant and glorious moment of that time period had started . The attention it gained from the players made the fighting between the Yanhuang Alliance and Shanhai Alliance pale in comparison .

The Yanhuang Alliance also escaped and wasn't dissed and insulted by the players .

The players all rushed onto the website to check out the specific quest requirements .

The storyline quest, the other type of quest apart from battle quests, had finally showed itself .

Like the battle quests, the storyline ones were also triggered . When a certain dynasty's historical person joined the game, historical personnel that the lord had recruited might trigger the storyline quest .

For the storyline quest to be triggered, 3 requirements must be fulfilled at the same time .

Firstly, the historical person must be recruited by the lord . For example, when the Spring and Autumn Period and Warring States Period’s people entered the game, and players then went to recruit those historical people, they wouldn't trigger any quest .

Secondly was when the dynasty that the storyline quest appeared in wanted to join the game . For example Jiang Shang had lived in Shanhai City since the Battle of Muye . Until the battle of Changping ended, and when the Apring and Autumn and Warring States periods entered the game was the storyline triggered .

Thirdly, the historical person must have the ability to trigger the storyline quest . This meant that the person had to be important such that he played a part in that storyline quest .

Hence, to trigger the storyline quest, it was pure luck and hard to come by . Alternatively, the moment it was triggered, the rewards were plentiful and it was something everyone yearned for .

The storyline quest was split into solo storyline, camp storyline, and map storyline . Each one was self explanatory for which players could participate .

The type of quest would be decided by the part the player played as well as his influence on the storyline .

The philosopher-type quest that Jiang Shang triggered was the biggest scale map storyline quest .

In the last life, Jiang Shang wasn't recruited by any lord, so the storyline quests that others triggered were only camp quests and didn't expand to the whole map .

In Ouyang Shuo's ear, another system notification resounded

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi, your resident Jiang Shang has triggered the quest, will you accept the A rank branch quest?"

Reappear philosopher debate: the huge debate during the Warring States Period was a great wonder in Chinese history . It was the competitiveness of that period that gave birth to the base of Chinese civilization, and made it the peak of human culture .

Requirements: Reproduce the grandeur and the school of thought of those times with at least organize one huge debate with huge influence; out of the 10 school of thoughts, at least 3 must join your territory within 1 year . The territory will obtain the title: Culture Shrine

Ouyang Shuo was rewarded for triggering the quest with a side quest . Although it didn't look simple and had strict requirements, Ouyang Shuo accepted without hesitation .

"System Notification: Player Qiyue Wuyi accepted the Rank A branch quest . As the main area of the philosopher debate, Shanhai City's attractiveness toward famous people increased by 50%"

The moment the notification went out, the number of envious people were plentiful .

This was when the players reacted . When they were paying attention, they missed out a point—Jiang Shang lived in Shanhai City .

Thinking about that, the country channel was in an uproar . The lords who participated in the Battle of Muye knew that Qiyue Wuyi was in the Shang Dynasty camp, so how would Jiang Shang, who was in the Zhou Dynasty camp, run to Shanhai City?

News, shocking news!

The rumours and nosiness of the players spread like wildfire, and some rash players even left messages in the country channel to go toward Shanhai City to visit Jiang Shang .

Ouyang Shuo didn't have time to bother about the players as he arranged for the troops to return to their own camps . The compensation for the dead and replacement soldiers was handled by the Military Affairs Department .

At an earlier period of time, the city east and city west camps were clearing out raiders and helping the construction of the official road by clearing obstacles . Out of every batch of prisoners, the Military Affairs Department will choose the elite and send to the reserve force . As for the money earned, they were used to pay for the teleportation fees for the battle of Changping so little remained .

The elite raiders were normally cavalry . The independent regiment also used this chance to make the 3 thousand men Organization into the standard 2 . 5 thousand men .

The Military Affairs Department sent the remaining prisoners to Yongye Town, Guangshui Town and Yishui City . As the number of prisoners was huge, Yongye Town and Guangshui Town successfully upgraded to city grade .

After dealing with military matters, Ouyang Shuo personally brought Baiqi back to the Lord's Manor .

Returning to the main map, Baiqi became young again, around 30 years of age, back to his prime .

Ouyang Shuo's arrival surprised the directors and secretaries, who were working in the Lord's Manor . Ouyang Shuo took the opportunity to introduce Baiqi to them, officially helping him blend into the Shanhai City system .

Following which, Ouyang Shuo brought Baiqi into his book room, where both of them had a chance to have a deep conversation .

Not talking about other things, after the Battle of Changping, their roles swapped around, and they needed some time to adjust . Luckily, Ouyang Shuo wasn't a shameless person and was respectful toward Baiqi .

Ouyang Shuo introduced everything about Shanhai City to Baiqi, including the surrounding situation and the military, such that Baiqi could assimilate into the role .

Hearing about the new camp in the western suburbs, Baiqi was very interested and wanted to go take a look .

After the Battle of Changping ended, the teaching team would return from Jianye and continue to train the new soldiers .

Ouyang Shuo had reason to believe that with Baiqi's help, the selection for the special forces will fit in better with the cold weapons era .

Baiqi being willing to move into the new soldier camp helped solved one of Ouyang Shuo's big problems, which was the position he wanted to give him . The current military didn't have any vacancies . Based on what he planned, he wanted to wait until the territory was a grade 1 prefecture before making plans .

After discussing, Ouyang Shuo called Zisu and asked her to bring Baiqi to choose a mansion in the official residence region, also sending him 2 maidservants to serve him .

Ever since the Housekeeping Division was set up, Zisu had recruited a batch of maidservants and sent them to personnel of rank secretary and above . Based on the standards set by the division, secretaries would have 1 maidservant, while directors would have 2 . As for the generals like Shi Wanshui, they would be treated like directors .

Apart from taking care of their daily lives and serving them, they also had the responsibility of supervision .

Shanhai City didn't have a safety unit, so Ouyang Shuo did so just in case . Of course, the people he was guarding against were the aboriginal people .

As for Fan Zhongyan, Shi Wanshui, and other such historical people, naturally the maidservants just served them and nothing else .

After settling everything, Ouyang Shuo finally had time to go onto the website and search the details .

Based on the introduction by Gaia, after the initiating of the quest, the key people and their disciples from the various philosophical school of thoughts would appear in the wild and travel various territories in a way that lords couldn't understand . With their standards, they would choose a suitable place to live in and build their sects and schools .

Be it whatever personal standards, the territory would have to fulfil 3 basic criterias:

At least one representative of a school chooses to live in the territory .

There's a place for that school that acts as the base .

The school must recruit at least 10 disciples to show its influence .

Hence, one could imagine how hard it was for Ouyang Shuo to solve the branch quest . Luckily, he still had time so he could take it slow . This was in addition to Shanhai City being the home ground for the debate, thus making it more attractive .

As some schools had more than one representative figure, the system rule would be first come first serve . This also meant that one school could only choose one territory .

Of course, if a school had different branches, it could set up different offices . For example, in history there was Legalism, which was split up into three factions .

The difference between the philosophers debate in history was that Gaia made all the various factions and schools appear at the same time . With that, the representative of the Mohists, Mo Zi, could cross time and have a debate with the Confucianism representative Kong Zi . People of different times of the same school could also have a discussion like Meng Zi could learn about the meaning of Confucianism from Kong Zi . Wasn't this interesting?

This was the charm of the game .

Not only that, as more dynasties entered the game, various schools and factions as well as secret legacies would appear .

The brightest moments in Chinese history were going to appear in the game!



* * *





Chapter 283




Chapter 283-

Chapter 283- Upgrade Quest

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The scale of the storyline quest was huge and it also took up a lot of time, so Ouyang Shuo didn't know where to start . He could only take it step by step . The only thing he could do now was to order the Construction Division to open a patio in Xinan University to be the place for the philosopher debate .

What Ouyang Shuo cared most about was to upgrade the territory . He opened the interface for the territory and applied for the upgrade . A notification resounded in his ear, which was checking for the basic requirements .

"System notification: Checking if Shanhai City meets upgrade requirements . . . "

"Requirement 1: Population reached the 100 thousand upper limit, requirement met!"

"Requirement 2: All basic structures are built, requirements met!"

"Requirement 3: Lord rank is at least a 3rd class Marquis, requirement met!"

"Requirement 4: Politics, economy, culture and military all not less than 65, requirements met!"

"Requirement 5: Core affiliate territories have at least reached grade 1 city, requirement met!"

Compared to the city grade, the upgrade requirements to a prefecture had requirements regarding the three affiliate territories . It was as if it was reminding the lords that at the prefecture grade, one shouldn't neglect the building of affiliate territories .

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for meeting all requirements, will you apply to upgrade?"

"Apply!"

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for successfully applying, assigning upgrade quests . "

"Quest 1 [Recruitment]: Need at least one historical person who is willing to work for your territory . "

"Quest 2 [Organization moves in]: At least one NPC Chamber of Commerce is willing to move into the territory and help the economy . "

"Quest 3 [Culture Festival]: Hold a culture festival with a certain influence .

"Quest 4 [Army Group Trial]: An army group needs to go through a trial to prove its strength . "

"System notification: Out of the 4 quests, one needed to complete 2 to upgrade; the more quests completed, the bigger the rewards . "

Out of the 4 upgrade quests, they all made considerations out of all 4 aspects of the territory .

This was enough to show the difference between a city and a prefecture .

As the system mentioned, each lord when upgrading would face a different set of quests . Overall, their difficulties would be around the same level .

The upgrade quests didn't have a time limit or a punishment for failure . If one couldn't complete it, then they territory would be unable to upgrade, and one couldn't reapply .

This . This was the greatest punishment .

The next day, Ouyang Shuo gathered Fan Zhongyan, Cui Yingyu and Baiqi to divide up the upgrade quests . Fan Zhongyan was in charge of leading the Administration Department to prepare for the culture festival; Yingyu would be in charge of contacting the Cui Chamber of Commerce and discuss about them creating a branch; Baiqi would be the overall commander and would be in charge of the army group's trial .

What was the most uncertain was the [recruitment] quest . Ouyang Shuo could only inform the various offices in the system imperial cities and ask them to search and recruit .

After that discussion, everyone stood up and left .

Before Yingyu left, she looked at Ouyang Shuo with a weird expression . "Big brother, why do I feel that your entire temperament changed?"

"Really?"

"Ya, you have more prestige . When I first saw you, I was shocked . "

Ouyang Shuo nodded, knowing that the Dragon and Phoenix pendant was working . The two specialties of the pendant were starting to show themselves .

Last night, when he was cultivating, he could feel that under the stimulation of the pendant, the Chi in his body had improved . In just a few days he could break through to the 5th layer . Based on what was recorded, if one broke through to the 6th, he would have good fortune .

After Yingyu left, Ouyang Shuo started to deal with the administrative matters that were piling up .

Bai Nanpu had already arranged the letters based on priority and placed them on his table .

The first letter he picked up was from Gushan County Magistrate, Lei Fan . In the letter, he mentioned that things went well contacting the central mountain tribes . When the new year came, more of them would come down .

Apart from that, Lei Fan mentioned that the mountain barbarians in the north were different . It was going to be winter but some tribes went deeper into the mountains for unknown reasons .

Lei Fan guessed that there was a huge change deep in the mountains . He arranged spies to go in to investigate . As this was a huge matter, he reported it to Ouyang Shuo for him to settle .

Ouyang Shuo frowned . The mountain barbarian tribes were important soldiers, and there wasn't any room for mistakes . He ordered the Military Intelligence Division to investigate and for Tian Wenjing to help out .

Putting down the worry of the mountain barbarians, Ouyang Shuo continued .

Now the letter in his hand was from the Four Seas bank treasurer, Meng Zhida . In it, he mentioned his suggestion for Shanhai City to use paper currency .

In olden china, during the South Song era, they used paper currency . Hence, it wasn't considered an advanced thing . To use that in the game, one needed to fulfil two requirements .

Firstly, one needed a facility to produce and print the money . The territory must at least have a paper workshop and printing workshop . The paper could also be bought from outside, but the printing must be done by the territory . Apart from that, a professional must do it, designing and ensuring anti-forgery .

Secondly, one needed to set up a credit system . If the paper note wasn't recognized, it was just a useless piece of paper without any value .

And to create this credit system, one needed to create a perfect reserve system . With Shanhai City as an example, if one wanted to use paper notes, the best choice would be the Four Seas bank . So, every 100 gold note would correlate with a 100 gold coins stored in the bank .

During the South Song Period, as the court mass-produced notes but didn't have enough reserve gold, it made the notes lose value and become useless .

As for notes, it wasn't that Ouyang Shuo didn't have any plans . It was just that he wanted to do so in the latter stages of the game and now was just too early .

If it was a suggestion from others, Ouyang Shuo would naturally ignore it . But Meng Zhida was different . He was a professional talent in finance and was very careful . Since he made such a decision, this meant he had his thoughts as to why .

Ouyang Shuo gathered his thoughts and raised his head . "Men!"

"Yes!" Bai Nanpu walked in .

"Call the Four Seas bank treasurer Meng Zhida . " Ouyang Shuo paused for a while . "And Cui Yingyu, to discuss something!"

"Yes, my lord!"

Yingyu was right beside Ouyang Shuo so she reached quickly, "Big brother, you're looking for me?"

"Do you know about the Four Seas bank and the bank note thing?"

"Yes, Treasurer Meng raised the issue with me . "

"What are your thoughts?"

Yingyu frowned . "When he reported to me, I thought banknotes and silver tickets were the same thing . He explained that it was a totally different concept . In truth, to such new things, I don't know much, but it seems fine . "

Ouyang Shuo nodded . Although Yingyu was improving her knowledge about modern finances, if it was related to money and goods, she was still lacking .

No wonder Meng Zhida sent the letter to Ouyang Shuo . It was probably what Yingyu asked him to do .

While the two of them were discussing, Meng Zhida rushed in hurriedly . When he saw the letter in Ouyang Shuo’s hand, he roughly knew what was going on .

"Uncle Meng, in principle, I agree with the banknotes, but as for the time, can we push it back?" When Ouyang Shuo discussed matters, he was always straight to the point .

"I think that to use banknotes, this is the best time . "

"Oh? Please elaborate . " Ouyang Shuo didn't expect for him to be so certain and that made him very interested .

"There are four reasons . Firstly, as the economy starts to prosper, the trade volume increases; between merchants, one has to bring large amounts of gold, so it's hard to bring and very inconvenient . "

Ouyang Shuo nodded . NPCs didn't have storage bags; a gold coin was 20 grams, so 1000 gold was 20 kilograms, needing a professional to carry it .

Hence to solve this problem, people in the olden days decided to use banknotes .

"Secondly, as the affiliate territories upgrade to city level, inter-territory trade would prosper . For example, the seafood and salt from Beihai County would go from Youyi river and Qiushui river to sell in Tianfeng City; the trees from Yongye City would be sold in Beihai City . All this is pushing for the birth of banknotes .

Meng Zhida's words made Ouyang Shuo silent . The information he revealed was enough to raise his alertness . The trade in the territory was something he as a lord didn't pay attention to . Seems like the military action recently had taken away a lot of his time and energy . If it were before, such a situation will definitely not occur .

Luckily with the arrival of Baiqi, the general could release Ouyang Shuo from military matters .

"Thirdly, the Four Seas bank has a lot of gold, which is sufficient to print banknotes . "

During the first 10 days of the 10th month, Ouyang Shuo injected 40 thousand gold into the main branch, which was what gave Meng Zhida the confidence to suggest this .

"Fourthly, it takes a long time to prepare . Naturally, it's better if we start the plan it early . " Meng Zhida listed out the four big reasons .

Ouyang Shuo nodded; he was totally convinced . "Uncle Meng's words have opened my eyes . Since that's so, let's do it! Describe your specific plans . "



* * *





Chapter 284




Chapter 284-

Chapter 284- Currency and Taxation

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After he gained Ouyang Shuo's approval, Meng Zhida started to describe his plan .

What was most important was to set up a banknote printing bureau in the main branch of Four Seas bank to be in charge of the printing of banknotes .

The planned banknotes included 10 gold, 20 gold, 50 gold and 100 gold . There would be no copper or silver banknotes, and no numbers less than 10 gold .

Based on Meng Zhida's thoughts, the banknotes would be a higher class currency and be mainly used for the buying and selling of goods . As for the daily expenses, they would still be done with copper, silver, and gold coins .

What Ouyang Shuo needed to do was to purchase the and the , paper workshop and printing workshop blueprints .

Luckily, Yingyu had to discuss with the Cui Chamber of Commerce about setting up a branch in Shanhai City, so Ouyang Shuo just passed her the responsibility of acquisition all to her . He also asked her to recruit some experienced artisans through the Cui Chamber of Commerce .

Making use of this opportunity, Yingyu raised the topic about changing the finances and taxes . "As the economy grows past its infancy and starts to prosper, the tax rate set up during the start of privatisation isn't suitable . The Financial Department feels that the time has come for us to raise taxes . "

Ouyang Shuo remained silent . When he had set the tax rate to be 1/30, his goal was to motivate craftsmen and commerce to nurture the economy .

This proved that his original idea was right . Under the low tax and low interest rate loans from the Four Seas bank, privatisation had been blooming, and the territory tax returns had been increasing by the day .

However as Yingyu had mentioned, since their goal had already been reached, to adjust the tax rate to a normal level was needed . If not, as the territory's economy bloomed, the finances of the territory wouldn't benefit . Increasing the tax rates and financial profits wasn't to earn more gold, but to give them the funds to do better projects and for the public benefit .

"What level does the Financial Department feel that the tax rates should be adjusted to?" Ouyang Shuo asked .

"5% . "

"5%? This is the final answer of the Financial Department?"

"No, the most suitable rate would be 1/15, only . . . " Yingyu was a bit hesitant .

"Just that what?"

"The Financial Department is afraid that if we raise it so quickly, the people will be unhappy . "

Ouyang Shuo shook his head . "The tax rate is an important part of the administration . We can't keep changing it and have to maintain it at a stable level . Since we need to change it, we must do it once and for all . There will probably be a little pressure, but we still have to get over it . "

"Understood . " With Ouyang Shuo's support, Yingyu would have more backing to push for this . "Apart from taxes, there's also the income of the affiliate territories . The Financial Department feels that the affiliate territories should give us 70% of their tax, and then the lord's manor will assign and deal with it . "

Ouyang Shuo frowned . Financial matters wasn't an independent body, and must be done together with administrative matters .

"Let the Financial Department consider the economy advisor's views, and give me a full tax change report . After the territory upgrades, then we will discuss the exact measures . " Ouyang Shuo postponed the suggestion from the Financial Department .

"Ok!" Cui Yingyu was a little demoralized .

Over the next few days, Shanhai City started to get busy for their upgrade quests .

The first one to have progress was the 2nd quest . After Shanhai City and the Cui Chamber of Commerce discussed, they agreed to set up a branch and buy up Shanhai City products: seafood and salt from Beihai City, tea and herbs from Qiushui City, fur and skin from Friendship City, wood from Gushan City, etc .

At the same time, the Cui Chamber of Commerce also set up a shop in Shanhai City selling rare items like china, spices, jade decorations, etc .

The setting up of the Chamber of Commerce would be able to stimulate exports and also increase the sources of imports, improving the sales structure and improving the economy .

Apart from that, the Cui Family bank was also attracted to Shanhai City to compete with the Four Seas Bank . If the loans from the Four Seas Bank were for daily life, then the Cui Family bank were purely for investment .

Be it the pottery factory or the Xila Lake pearl culturing base, they all became the investment targets of the Cui Family bank .

All these workshops that were invested in all welcomed a huge change .

Toward these outside investments, Ouyang Shuo accepted all of them . Of course, the industries and businesses controlled by the Financial Department were not included .

For the next step, Ouyang Shuo planned to put down the minefields and the logging camps and list them as investable items, leaving the Material Reserves Department with strategic resources like copper, iron and gold mines .

All this was done to shape the economy of the territory .

What the Cui Chamber of Commerce brought over wasn't only products and funds, but also large amounts of artisans and craftsmen . In the business street, they built up a grand restaurant- Shanhai Garden .

The Shanhai Garden combined food, lodging, and entertainment all into one . The tens of chefs brought various delicacies from around the land; the hired actors to perform every day .

No wonder one of the shareholders of the Sangu Restaurant, Qing'er kept shouting, “The Wolves are here!”

To this kind of competition, naturally Ouyang Shuo wouldn't interfere; whether or not the restaurant could survive depended on the ability of Gu Sanniang .

With the help of the Chamber of Commerce, it was like an injection of freshwater into the Shanhai City’s economy, so naturally Ouyang Shuo was very optimistic .

On the third quest [Culture festival], the Administration Department also made some progress .

Fan Zhongyan and Xu Shuda's opinion was to hold a grand Mazu Temple Fair . During the lantern festival, Ouyang Shuo did have such a thought, but because of certain restrictions, he couldn't do so .

As times changed, the Shanhai City of today naturally wasn't what Shanhai Town from before could compare to . It already had the ability to hold a festival, and with the addition of the Cui Chamber of Commerce, it further strengthened the base of Shanhai City .

One of the requirements of the quest was that the festival had to have a certain level of influence .

Since it needed to have influence, those that attempted the Mazu Temple Fair couldn't be restricted to Shanhai City commoners, and must have some outside visitors .

Ouyang Shuo first thought about the allies in Shanhai Alliance . But thinking about it again, they were all players and were not high in numbers, so they wouldn't have influence .

In the end, Xu Shuda had an idea . He suggested to spread the news that Mazu Temple had appeared in Shanhai City to the whole of Quanzhou to attract the priests, merchants, and civilians to attend .

Ouyang Shuo smacked his own head and felt that he was stupid .

Wasn't it that in real life, Fujian was the place where Mazu Culture originated from? If the aboriginals from Quanzhou knew that the Mazu Statue appeared in Shanhai City, they would definitely visit .

Ouyang Shuo immediately informed the office in Quanzhou .

To achieve a greater effect, Xu Shuda even exaggerated the origins of the Mazu Temple and wrote a descriptive essay, pasting it at the door of the offices .

Mazu held an important position in the hearts of all Fujian people . The moment the news went out, it attracted a lot of attention . At first they didn't believe it, only after people teleported and see it did they accept it .

Hence, the news spread all over Quanzhou, and there were huge amounts of merchants, priests and commoners coming into Shanhai City .

Some staunch believers even immediately migrated over .

The development of the situation far exceeded Ouyang Shuo's expectations . Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to shift a portion of the population to Yongye City and Guangshui City .

Some rash people didn't wait for Shanhai City to make some space for them, directly moving to the affiliate territories .

A large portion of the believers were attracted to Beihai City . As amongst these believers, a large portion were fishermen, and when they learned of such a place, they were delighted .

Not talking about faith, in the Quanzhou region, as there were too many fishermen and the problem of overfishing, how could they compete with Beihai Bay, such an unopened location?

Every day after that, thousands of aboriginal people would choose to move to Shanhai City . The city was unable to pay for their teleportation costs, so they could only do so themselves . Even so, that couldn't stop their determination and faith .

Later on, there were even cases of an entire fishing village moving to Beihai City .

The City Magistrate of Beihai City, Gu Xiuwen was obviously elated . He activated all the departments and divisions to do a good job in arranging accommodation for the aboriginal people .

Based on the report, there were around 10 thousand people who shifted to Beihai City . These aboriginals weren't like the refugees and had assets and families with them .

Beihai City once again had obtained some good luck .

Apart from Beihai City, Friendship City and Qiushui City both had 5-6 thousand people migrate in . As for Shanhai City, the number of migrants broke 20 thousand and was increasing non stop .

This also meant that there were 20 thousand excess people who were shifted to Yongye, Guangshui City, which caused both of them to break the upper limit of 20 thousand and upgrade to grade 2 cities .

Forty thousand migrants to Shanhai City was considered large, but to Quanzhou, it meant nothing .



* * *





Chapter 285




Chapter 285-

Chapter 285- Baiqi Reorganizes the Army

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

As time went on, the migrant wave attracted by the Mazu Temple had slowly changed from commoners to the gentry level and merchant groups .

Shanhai City had a pleasant environment, good city planning, great law and order, a thick merchant atmosphere, and cultural development, attracting their eyes .

Xinan University, Yellow Emperor Temple, Recruitment hall, Shangding, etc . attracted a lot of attention .

Only then did they noticed that out in the wilderness was actually such an advanced place .

Shanhai City also had a thirst for talent, so they were both a good fit with one another .

It was like the floodgates were opened, and a large number of gentry and merchants chose to live in Shanhai City . Amongst them were people from humble backgrounds, and were also men of literature and writing, with many talented men amongst them .

Because of the presence of Jiang Shang, Xinan University was very attractive to men of literature and writing . Hence, they mostly chose to become officials .

The merchants started to open shops in Shanhai City; some even focused on the Mazu Temple business, selling incense related products and earning a huge amount .

After inspecting Shanhai City and especially after seeing the Cui Chamber of Commerce doing so well, some Chamber of Commerces in Quanzhou also started considering opening branches in Shanhai City .

The huge swarm of people brought a lot of business for the newly opened Shanhai Garden, to the envy of everyone .

With such a great opportunity, Ouyang Shuo immediately informed the Business Division Secretary Xu Zhenchang to prepare a recruitment meeting to introduce the investment plans and business environment in Shanhai City .

The Administration Department also worked together with the Household Registration Division, and started a talent recruitment to recruit talents into the various departments and and divisions .

The Mazu Temple had achieved far greater a result than the recruitment that the Cui Chamber of Commerce had in Dali, making Ouyang Shuo delighted .

The situation in front of him reflected an old statement: if you wish for something it won't come . If you don't wish for something it might appear out of nowhere .

The huge amount of talents helped build a solid foundation for when Shanhai City upgraded to the prefecture grade .

Ouyang Shuo had been worrying about the lack of talents if the territory upgraded, but now with the migrants, it has been totally solved .

As for the Mazu Temple fair, under the support of the Chamber of Commerces from Quanzhou, it was a huge scale .

The huge influence of Mazu even shocked the Quanzhou Court . They specially sent officials to send a huge signboard which read ‘Mazu Temple . ’

With that, the Mazu religion spread like wildfire .

What made Ouyang Shuo happier was that after the blessing of all the incense, the Mazu Temple had be upgraded .

"System notification: Mazu Statue has been blessed by the incense and officially unsealed, returning back to normal . The stats of the Mazu Temple have greatly increased . "

At this point, the Mazu Statue gave out a gentle shine which one could see from far away . Such a divine scene made all the believers who traveled from far to see it emotional and nearly tear up .

The migrant wave which had calmed down once again reached a peak . Quanzhou civilians believed that it was their sincerity that touched Mazu, and she sent them a sign to bless her believers .

Ouyang Shuo took the time to take a look at the new stats; what he saw pleased him .

Name: Mazu Temple

Type: Hidden class building

Function: Spread the faith of Mazu and raise happiness of residents by 30%, raises reputation of territory by 10%

Specialty: Sea God blessing (Navy ships have increased 40% Defence against storms), wind and waves (raise ships' sailing capability by 30%)

Evaluation: Mazu, with the southeast sea as core, spreads the Sea God faith .

The unsealed Mazu Temple had a huge increase in function . Not only that, it had also gained a 2nd specialty .

With these two specialties, it would be much easier for the Shanhai City’s sailors to rule the seas .

With the unsealing of the Mazu Temple, this temple fair ended on a wonderful full stop . Mazu Temple also became a huge bridge between Quanzhou City and Shanhai City .

Although the festival had ended, the effects of it didn't end there .

Although the peak of the migration had passed, there were still hundreds of Quanzhou aboriginal people who would rush to Shanhai City either to pray or migrate .

As Quanzhou started to find out more about Shanhai City, the migrant groups changed from believers to people who came here to try and make a living .

The situation that was happening at Shanhai City was something that all lords were jealous of . Some hurled insults while others congratulated him; there was a vast mix .

Ouyang Shuo naturally didn’t bother about the outside comments . After the Mazu Temple fair ended, Ouyang Shuo handed over the recruitment of Chamber of Commerces and the migration over to the Financial Department and Administration Department .

The talents that were recruited were temporarily given jobs by Fan Zhongyan, waiting for when the territory had upgraded to a prefecture before giving them a permanent position .

From city to prefecture, it was a breakthrough in the entire system and core of the territory . In terms of administrative structure, naturally there would be a revolution . Ouyang Shuo had already started considering the related changes in his mind .

After the festival, Ouyang Shuo started to turn to the 4th quest .

The army group trial needed a corp to pass a military trial . Shanhai City only had 1 division, so they had nothing to hesitate on and just made the 1st division take the trial .

The problem was that after checking the related settings for the trial, Ouyang Shuo hesitated .

Based on the system settings, a division and above could undergo the trial, and if they succeeded, they would get a unique specialty and be rewarded a military flag .

The crux of the problem was that after the trial, the members of the division that underwent the trial apart from the casualties couldn't be moved . If they did, the specialty would lose its effect .

This setting was to prevent some lords from cheating, using the elites in the territory to help military groups complete the trial .

The 1st division was just a temporary plan . It was split into three camps in the west, north and east of the city, and were ruled separately so they would definitely be split apart in the future .

The quest meant that Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to reorganize the military . He passed this mission to Baiqi for him to have total control, and for Ge Hongliang to assist him .

Baiqi's role was still undecided, and Ouyang Shuo just gave him a temporary title of overall commander, giving him the power to command the army of Shanhai City .

Ever since he came to Shanhai City, apart from staying in the west suburb camp, he went to the other three camps and inspected all the military groups .

After a week of inspections, Baiqi finally brought out his plan .

In the Lord's Manor reading room, there were only Ouyang Shuo, Baiqi, and Ge Hongliang, showing how important this meeting was .

Baiqi didn't directly describe his plan but described the problems he was facing . "Based on my investigation, the Shanhai City army has a few main problems:

“Firstly, the soldier types aren't balanced; we have too many cavalry and too little infantry . Of the 1st divisions, including the Guards regiment and the independent regiment, out of the 7 regiments, 5 are cavalry regiments, not including the light armored cavalry regiments in the 1st and 3rd regiment . The cavalry take up 70-80% .

“Secondly, we don't put enough emphasis on scouting and logistics . Not only does each regiment not have a scout and army cook, even the 1st division does not have such roles, which is really mind boggling .

“The Military Intelligence Division is responsible for peacetime scouting . Wartime scouting should be the responsibility of the participating forces . Military grain pills can't totally replace food and grains, so an army cook is absolutely necessary .

“Thirdly, the mix of light armored, heavy armored, cavalry, and infantry . With the 1st and 4th regiments in the city west camp as an example, there's the slow moving heavy armored mountain barbarian infantry and the fast moving light armored cavalry . The entire speed of the troops will be burdened by the slow moving mountain barbarians, and losing the advantage of the light armored cavalry .

“Fourthly, the types of soldiers are too little . The entire division only has cavalry and sword shield soldiers . Lancers, as well as bowmen, crossbowmen, spearmen, etc are all non-existent . "

Baiqi's analysis made Ouyang Shuo feel very embarrassed and ashamed . Originally, he was quite pleased with his organization, but it was actually full of mistakes .

Ouyang Shuo stood up solemnly and bowed toward Baiqi . "Thank you for your help!"

Ge Hongliang was also blushing . As the Military Affairs director, he didn't manage to help the lord perfect the military system; it could be said that he failed at his job .

However, he couldn't be blamed as he was at most an advisor of a regiment . How could he handle such a huge army?

Apart from Ge Hongliang, only the three historical generals could assist Ouyang Shuo .

Shi Wanshui was, out of the three, the best at military matters, but as he was rash, he would only care about fighting wars and not about such small matters .

Er'Lai, needless to say, was from the Shang Dynasty when military planning was in its infancy . He was also a fierce general, so he wouldn't know much about all these fine details .

Luo Shixin had also just joined the army . His experience was little, so he wouldn't voice up his opinions .

Hence, it caused such a situation where Ouyang Shuo, who was totally inept at such a thing, had to organize the military and expand it to its current scale .

Thinking back, it wasn't easy .

Only when Baiqi arrived did the weakness of the Shanhai City army become exposed .

Ouyang Shuo was happy deep down that the Shanhai City army didn't expand to a scale that couldn't be salvaged and that Baiqi had come just in time .



* * *





Chapter 286




Chapter 286-

Chapter 286- Rising From the Ashes

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After discussing the weaknesses of the army, Baiqi simply described the strengths of the army . "Although the army has many problems, we have good equipment and great generals, so that's a plus point . "

Ouyang Shuo froze, his depressed heart had a slight happiness .

After analysing the pros and cons, Baiqi started to throw out his organization plan . “We need to solve the problem that the three camps aren't under the same command, but they’re all part of the same division . I suggest the 1st division to be split into 3 divisions, each camp having one . As for the current manpower problem, we could prioritize one division first to join the army group trial and the other two divisions will be slowly expanded . "

Ouyang Shuo nodded; Baiqi's thinking was similar to Ouyang Shuo's thoughts when he formed the 1st regiment .

Every time the military was organized, it would cause a lot of panic . Hence, each reorganization must be planned in advance, especially such large-scale planning .

"The 1st division will be in the city west camp . Shi Wanshui is good at both infantry and cavalry, and is a remarkable general . Hence, the 1st division will be a light armored cavalry and infantry mixed division . There will be sword shield soldiers, spearmen, bowmen, crossbowmen, and light armored cavalry . The sword shield soldiers wouldn't be the heavy armored mountain barbarians and instead focus on light armor to raise the mobility of the division . "

Ouyang Shuo nodded . Baiqi changed the lancers to spearmen and added the crossbowmen that he gave up on . In the allocation of soldier types, it seemed more logical .

"The 2nd division will be housed in the city north camp . It would be a purely cavalry division so it doesn’t need changes . As a cavalry division, it would have 2 heavy armored regiments and 2 light armored regiments, as well as one archer regiment . "

Baiqi didn't choose whom to lead the city north camp, and even though Ouyang Shuo gave him the power, for such heavy personnel arrangements, he would just leave it to Ouyang Shuo .

The city north camp leader Lin Yi was just an intermediate ranked general, and couldn't lead an entire division . Ouyang Shuo had a suitable general in mind for the job .

"The 3rd division was camped in the city east camp . The current commander, Er'Lai, is a purely fierce general who isn't good at cavalry warfare . Hence, the 3rd division could be an infantry division with two heavy armored mountain barbarian infantry regiments, 2 spearman regiments, and a Mo knife soldier regiment . "

The Mo knife was a long knife amongst the Tang blades, wielded by infantry and weighing 8 kilograms . It was 7 inches long, made of iron, and the handle was 4 inches long . It was mainly used against cavalry, and was really powerful .

The Mo knife was another Tang Dynasty weapon that the weapon workshop was working on recently and the army hadn't been equipment with it . He didn't expect Baiqi to know about it, and even included it in his plans . He was certainly special .

Up to this point, Ouyang Shuo totally understood Baiqi's plans . "General's thought is to focus on building the 2nd division?"

"That's right . Combining the 4th regiment, the city north camp’s 2nd regiment, as well as the independent regiment, and the 5th regiment of the city east camp, as long as we build one more heavy armored cavalry regiment, we could form a division already . "

Baiqi didn't raise the topic about the Guards regiment, as that was Ouyang Shuo's personal army, and hence it was excluded from the 3 divisions .

Apart from that, the 1st regiment in the city west camp would use 2 heavy armored mountain barbarian infantry units to change for the archer and light armored cavalry units from the 3rd regiment to complete the reorganization .

After discussing the structures of the three divisions, Baiqi continued, "Each division must also have 1000 men . Five hundred would form up the personal Guards unit of the major general; the remaining 500 would form a scouting squadron, medical squadron, engineering squadron and two Chef squadrons . If in the future we have the ability, we still need to prepare spies, officials, clerks and other support staff . "

Baiqi's army plan had basically solved the 4 problems he had raised . The last thing he mentioned had directly targeted the weakness of the current army .

Xinan University was only in charge of producing civil servants . As for military officials, they couldn't do anything . As for the militarists, without them the wars will be in a mess, and they couldn't be considered a passable army .

At the current moment, they could only take it a step by a time .

Ouyang Shuo envied Zhan Lang who didn't need to bother about such matters .

Ouyang Shuo calculated . For the three divisions to be in place, they needed 25 . 5 thousand more people including 1500 logistics men, which needed the Military Intelligence Division, God machine camp unit, Medical Department, and the Combat Logistics Division to settle together .

Not mentioning the others, purely class change fees would be 15 thousand gold, and with the equipment and other things, it was a scary amount . Much less the expenditure and their salary .

Although the costs of running it were huge, thinking about it, the moment the organization was in place, Shanhai City would have had a rebirth and a beautiful change .

"Good, let's follow your plan . " Ouyang Shuo smacked the table and looked at Ge Hongliang . "Director Ge, how many members are there in the reserve force?"

"After the Battle of Changping, each division had been filled up with members, so around 5000 remain . "

Ouyang Shuo kept quiet . The last round of expansion and the battle had already used up most of the reserve force . For them to have 5000 left wasn't easy .

However, this was not even a fifth of the people they needed . If they recruited new soldiers, not only would it need a long training time, but their combat power wouldn’t be high either .

Seeing that the Marquis didn’t speak, Baiqi and Ge Hongliang could only look on silently .

After a while, Ouyang Shuo regained his senses; he had made up his mind . "The military organization can't wait . However hard the problem is, we must solve it . I have 3 requirements . As for the specifics of the reorganization, I'll hand them to the both of you, you must ensure it's finished by the end of the year . "

"Yes my lord!"

"Firstly, the 3rd division, the 2 heavy armored infantry regiments, and the Mo knife soldier regiments must all be mountain barbarian soldiers . The lack of manpower will be solved by Tian Wenjing and Leifan .

The Mo knife soldiers needed a lot of strength, so naturally the mountain barbarians would be a good fit . With Gushan City, Ouyang Shuo believed that to gather 5000 troops wouldn't be a problem .

"Secondly, the reorganization of the city protection units and city protection regiments . Shanhai City, Qiushui City and Friendship City, these 3 city protection regiments . Yishui City, Yongye City and Guangshui City, these three city protection units, as well as the 2 city protection units of Tianfeng City . A total of 10 thousand soldiers will all be added to the 3 divisions . With the reserve forces, a large scale recruitment would do the trick about the remaining 3000 shortfall . "

Ouyang Shuo had cleared out all the city protection in an instant . He believed that with the 3 divisions, no one could attack Shanhai City .

"Thirdly, after the city protection unit and city protection regiments are reorganized, apart from Shanhai City, Qiushui City and Friendship City, the rest will recruit a city defense reserve force to be in charge of city defenses . As for the city defense regiments of Shanhai City, Qiushui City and Friendship City, they will be done after the territory upgrades to prefecture . "

Building a city defense unit at Beihai City had meaning . The Beihai Naval fleet currently had two roles as sailors and protectors of the city . This reorganization didn't affect the navy, so any big changes to the navy would wait until after the new year .

"Yes, my lord!" Baiqi's eyes brightened . With such an organization to take down, the entire Lianzhou wasn't a far-fetched idea .

After they completed their discussion, what was next was personnel arrangements .

"Director Ge, pass down my orders!"

"Yes!"

"Shi Wanshui will be the major general of the 1st division in the city west camp; Luo Shixin will be the major general of the 2nd division at the city north camp; Er'Lai will be the major general of the 3rd regiment in the city east camp . "

Ouyang Shuo first settled the major generals, and next would be the colonels of the regiments . Expectedly, Shihu, Shibao, Zhao Yan, Li Mingliang, Heiqi, and Jiang Kai were all appointed .

Guo Liang, Su Wang, and Liao Kai weren't appointed, but were appointed majors of the major general's personal Guards unit . Guo Liang was with Shi Wanshui, Su Wang with

Luo Shixin, and Liao Kai with Er'Lai .

The various city protection unit and regiment leaders all kept their jobs . After all, they were still needed to build up the defense squads . The only exception was Zhang Daniu and Hu Yobiao, who became the colonels of the 2 spearmen regiments of the 3rd division .

Out of the 3 city protection regiment colonels, only Zhao Sihu remained at his old job .

Taking the chance, Ouyang Shuo appointed Baiqi as general and overall commander . Such a huge role made the usually cold Baiqi emotional as he bowed . "Thank you, my lord!"

Ouyang Shuo nodded and smiled . "I hope that the 3 divisions can be reborn under your hands and become an elite army . " He paused for a while before continuing . "Arrange the 2nd division to take the trial . The earlier you finish the earlier the territory can upgrade . "

"Understood!"

After the discussion, Baiqi and Ge Hongliang left . In the upcoming month, there was much for them to do .

The next day, the reorganization and role changes were announced by the Military Affairs Department and caused a huge discussion .



* * *





Chapter 287




Chapter 287-

Chapter 287- The truth is out

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After the military reorganization, the entire Shanhai City military started to move .

The forces gathered up at the places where they were suppose to be; the generals went to receive their forces . Under the leadership of Baiqi, everything proceeded orderly and there wasn't a hint of chaos .

Shanhai City's many generals pretty much all joined in the Battle of Changping . As such, they had huge respect for Baiqi . Hence with him as the general, no one was unhappy .

The equipment made by the 4 military workshops were shipped to the 3 main camps . Ever since the large scale acquisition of resources, the Armory Division and Bow and Crossbow Division had started to produce large amounts of bows and armors .

Sent together with the equipment were large amounts of grain . It was quickly going to be winter and war would stop . This was the best time to train the troops, and naturally one needed to accumulate enough grain .

As the animal husbandry industry started to develop, the goods in the military, apart from grain, had large amounts of fish and meat . A large amount of goats and pigs were sent to each camp and reared . Among the fish, apart from seafood coming from Beihai City, there was a wide variety of freshwater fish from Xila Lake .

Apart from that, the Combat Logistics Division sent officials to go to the various tribes to buy Qingfu horses . The 3 divisions lacked around 5-6 thousand horses .

Ouyang Shuo temporarily didn't want to make use of the Qingfu horses which were bred by the Jifeng Valley horse stables . During the winter, the livelihood of the various tribes would become very tough, and hence they would be willing to exchange horses for food .

The equipment that was replaced by the troops filled up the arsenal . Little aunt Lin Jing brought her mercenary team members to and fro for about 20 trips before being able to clear it out . It was estimated that all this equipment could be sold for 30 thousand gold, and was more than enough to settle the class change fees .

The price would be the elite equipment that the 4 workshops produced . To date they hadn't sold any, and all the equipment produced was used internally . Hence, he was always teased by his allies .

The profits for the military industry would only come next year .

The extra gold from the sales were used by Ouyang Shuo to buy grain, buying tens of millions units and storing it in the granary in the west suburbs, solving the grain shortage .

Just as Shanhai City was reorganizing their army, an unusual change was happening in the wild lands .

Tian Qi Tribe, Kehan Tent

Kehan was looking weird and his face was unsettled . "Are you sure you saw it clearly?" Mengke's body wasn't as before . Even so, no one dared to be impudent in front of him .

"That person, even if he was turned to dust, I would recognize him . " The one who replied was a tall male with a face covered with a beard . When he spoke, his eyes were filled with hatred .

On closer look, this man was the original west region’s commander Lakhshen . Who would have expected that he was released by Mengke and had even went to complete a mission and report to Mengke .

The person Lakhshen recognized was Lin Yi, the man who designed and planned the wildfire operation and killed the young generals of the west region . Before that, the city north camp was south of the city protection river, and as such it was hard to see Lin Yi's face .

After the city north camp took over the Tianfeng tribe area, Lin Yi's face wasn't a mystery anymore . If it weren't that his troops were made to join in the Battle of Changping, he would have been exposed even earlier .

This could be blamed on the carelessness of Ouyang Shuo who didn't expect Lakhshen to see the light of day .

In truth, not long after he was locked up, he was secretly released by Mengke . Mengke gave him a secret mission which was to check who attacked the west region of the town .

If he didn't investigate this, Mengke was unable to rest easy .

Lakhshen was misled by Ouyang Shuo and went to check mainly on the raiders and west side tribes . However he didn't expect that the enemy would come from the south .

Until the Shanhai City army took down Tianfeng tribe and established their position on the wild lands, this attracted his attention . He investigated and saw Lin Yi, the guy that destroyed his life .

Hence, the truth was revealed .

"So you mean the reason our Tianqi Tribe is in such a state is all because of them?" Mengke said coldly . He didn't show any hatred, making him even more cold .

"Not only that, I think that the chaos and killing of the mid-sized tribes were done by them . Their goal was to aid in the destruction of the Tianfeng tribe . Probably even the destruction of the Tianling tribe had something to do with them . They are a pack of hungry wolves that had their eyes set on our tribe . " After a crisis, Lakhshen became more calm, only that he felt more devious and evil .

"Have you found out about their military strength?"

"Very strong . With their organization, just their two cavalry regiments have 5000 people, the same as our north region . " Talking about this, Lakhshen was a little dejected . "Not only that, they seem to be reorganizing their army . Although I couldn't find anything more, their numbers will only increase . The horses they use are all our Qingfu horses, and their equipment is far better than ours . "

Mengke's turned black . "So with our tribe, we can't beat them?"

Lakhshen noticed his expression and shivered . It seemed like he remembered how the west region was destroyed . Lakhshen shook his head, trying to toss aside the random thoughts in his head, saying carefully, "Although I don't want to admit it, it's true . Apart from the city north camp, they also have troops inside Friendship City . "

"Hen, we can't do it but don't tell me we can't do it even if we consolidate all the power of the tribes in the wild lands?" Mengke was really decisive, immediately thinking about getting help .

"But would the mid-sized tribes agree?" Lakhshen was doubtful, now was different from last time, as the 7 remaining tribes were guarding against Tianqi tribe .

Lakshen also heard that the Shanhai City people were going around buying Qingfu horses, and the tribes all welcomed them . Those guys were bought over by their grain, tea, and salt .

Mengke seem to have seen through Lakhshen's heart . "You ah, don't look down on those tribes . They might look like they are getting close to Shanhai City, but that's because they don't know their true colors . Once we tell them the intelligence we gathered, I assure you, they will agree . After all, who wants to be like Tianfeng tribe? Them competing with us is an internal battle, now Shanhai City is our common enemy . " What Mengke didn't want to tell Lakhshen was that he wanted to use this chance to make Tianqi tribe the core leader of the wild lands .

"Mengke is smart!" Lakhshen had to admit that it terms of reading people, he wasn't on the same level as Mengke .

Mengke waved him off . "Getting help is only our 2nd option . Most importantly, we need to have a strong army . Such a long time has passed, and I think it's time we rebuild the west region forces . Lakhshen, i hope you won't let me down again . "

Lakhshen was emotional beyond words . At this point, he was conflicted, emotional, joyous, grateful, regretful, etc .

He could only respectfully kowtow three times and swore, "I will be loyal to the death to you, to repay your kindness!"

Mengke nodded; this was what he wanted . Recently, there was some unrest amongst the nobles of the tribes, so rebuilding the west region would naturally be given to someone that was totally loyal to him .

Everything was controlled in his hands .

What happened in the wild lands, Ouyang Shuo knew nothing about it .

Now, he was gathering all the directors and secretaries to coordinate the reorganization of the military . Ouyang Shuo met Song San, Wang Yuanfeng, Old Qian, and Zhao Youfang to discuss logistical matters .

The Military Affairs Division was in charge of the scouting squadron . With the help of the Rattlesnake mercenary group, the skill levels of the spies were totally different from previous days .

Scouts were split between infantry and cavalry scouts, both having different scouting missions .

The god machine unit was in charge of forming the engineer squadron, which included artisans in the territory, crossbowmen, and people who used the scaling ladder and other siege weapons .

With a major like Wang Yuanfeng who was familiar with all large-scale machinery and mechanics, Ouyang Shuo was at ease .

The Medical Department was in charge of the medical squadron . When the department was set up, deputy director old Qian had developed a medical squadron which was directly sent to the 3 divisions .

The Combat Logistics Division was in charge of forming the cooking squadron . They had to hire chefs from outside to undergo military training before being able to form up the cooking squadron .



* * *





Chapter 288




Chapter 288: TWO Chapter 288- Division Trial

Chapter 288- Division Trial

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

During the 11th month, the Three Flowers Wine factory had profits of 4000 gold. Including the returns from the Beimu Saltpans, Langshan Minefields, and tax returns, the financial income was 28 thousand gold.

Ouyang Shuo kept 7000, increasing the amount in his storage bag to 110 thousand. he passed the remaining 21 thousand gold to the Financial Department to assign, in which the military expenditure took up a huge amount.

As it was close to the end of the year, many of the huge projects in Shanhai City had ended. The 3 bridges joining up Shanhai City, Qiushui City and Friendship City had been completed.

The official residence area, government department area, and commoner residence area were all nearly completed. Even though the population broke 60 thousand, it only took up 1/4 of the residence area.

The building of the two official roads were also near to completion. The road connecting Qiushui City to Friendship City would be completed within a week. The Tianhai Road to the west would be finished in the new year.

The hardest one was the Tianfeng City wall project. With the current speed, it needed to be dragged until next year.

In the 12th month, the Meritorious Service Division under the Administration Department would start its year-end assessment which would affect their bonuses and their positions. This was the biggest event in the administrative system.

As this was a matter of heavy importance, Fan Zhongyan personally chaired the assessment.

The biggest Chamber of Commerce in Qianshou, the Quanji Chamber of Commerce, had officially set up a branch in Shanhai City, and the migrant wave caused by the Mazu Temple had calmed down.

The philosopher debate quest hadn't had any progress. Shanhai City had not seen or noticed any philosopher visit.

Similarly, the various offices in the system imperial capitals weren't going very well. Ten days had passed, and they hadn't even seen a single historical person, not to mention trying to recruit them.

Gaia 1st year 12th month 1st day

Shanhai City's 2nd division had been built and officially set up.

The 2nd division was star studded. Apart from major general Luo Shixin, the colonels were Lin Yi, Sun Tengjiao, Shao Bu, Heiqi and Sun Chuanlin. They were undoubtedly the top in the Shanhai City army.

They also had a specialty, which was they were young.

Apart from the newly built heavy armored cavalry which was formed from the city protection units and regiments, the remainder of the 5 cavalry regiments were experienced and were the elite of the Shanhai City army.

Hence, the moment they formed, the 2nd division had high combat power and was the greatest out of the 3 divisions.

The next day, Ouyang Shuo arranged the 2nd division to go for the trial. Only the generals in the division could join in, so Ouyang Shuo and Baiqi couldn't.

City North Camp, drill ground.

The 13500 soldiers of the 2nd division formed up; Ouyang Shuo activated the interface and initiated the trial, instantly causing a notification to resound in his ear.

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for activating the army group trial, it will be split into division and legion trials, please choose the type!"

"I choose division trial!"

"System notification: choice selected, automatically deducting 5000 gold, will you immediately start?"

"Start!"

Instantly a teleportation gate appeared in the drill ground; it exuded a mysterious fee

ling.

The testing ground was like a battle quest space with different time settings. During the process, dead soldiers could be revived for free, and those that were revived would be downgraded to a grade 1 normal soldier.

In theory that was no limit in the number of times you could go for the trial. As long as you had money you could start it.

Luo Shixin brought the 5 colonels and walked to Ouyang Shuo. "Marquis!"

"Go!" Ouyang Shuo didn't say much as he trusted these soldiers.

"Yes lord!" Luo Shixin bowed, walking nonchalantly towards the teleportation gate.

Following closely behind him, the various troops followed their colonels through the teleportation gate.

When he went past the gate, what appeared in front of Luo Shixin was a vast grassland.

Looking across, aside from grass, it was still grass and nothing else.

Even so, Luo Shixin didn't put down his guard. He ordered the troops to get into formation to get ready for battle at any time.

As expected, when the last soldier walked through, the teleportation gate disappeared. At the same time, an announcement was made. "Division trial has officially started, lasting to the end would mean you passed!"

As the words were said, numerous wolves appeared in the once empty grass lands, estimated to be no less than 100 thousand of them.

Luo Shixin couldn't believe it; he had never seen so many hungry wolves before. Don't tell me that they would all rush towards them and attack them?

Before he could think, the wolves grouped up and surrounded them, charging towards them.

"Attack!" Luo Shixin was a fierce general who was courageous. He ordered the archer cavalry regiment and the 4 cavalry regiments to attack in 4 directions. As for the bow cavalry regiment, under the protection of the guards unit, they would aim at the wolves.

"Kill!" Lin Yi took the lead and led the first regiment towards the north.

Sun Tengjiao followed closely behind and led the 2nd regiment towards the east. Heiqi attacked the south and Shao Bu attacked the west. The 4 cavalry regiments were like a whirlwind, sweeping the wolves.

When they came into contact, the generals witnessed that these wolves were different. Not only were they fearless, they also had tactics, shocking them.

The vicious wolves were extremely crafty, focusing on the horses. If it wasn't that the 2nd regiment were using the flexible and quick Qingfu horses, there would have been heavy casualties.

Facing 10 times more wolves, the soldiers were riled up. How could they let only wolves sh*t and pee on them?

The 1st and 2nd regiments were heavy armored cavalry, they lacked speed, however as their horses were protected, the wolves did little to them.

Their main weapon was the lance. Unfortunately, it was too heavy and wasn't suitable for battle with the quick wolves. The soldiers placed it into their storage and took out the Tang blades by their side.

As the knives flashed across, the wolf heads fell to the ground.

Lin Yi and Sun Tengjiao gave up on the usual tactics, not charging orderly but instead using a squadron as a group to form up and slaughter wolves.

On the other hand, the 3rd and 4th regiment were light armored cavalry and their main weapon was the Tang blade. They were flexible and could make many changes, randomly moving in and out in the battlefield.

Hence, the tactic that Heiqi and Shao Bu used was to charge together and charge to and fro.

The 5th regiment was in the middle, providing cover fire and attacking from range.

Luo Shixin led his guards unit to sit in the center of the battlefield and didn't choose to attack. The Guards unit was his reserve force to only use when it reached the crucial moment.

The 500 soldiers were the elite chosen from the 4th regiment of the 1st division that Luo Shixin had led. Hence, they had a good understanding of one another.

As the major general, Luo Shixin knew that his role wasn't to slaughter but to make changes to the army based on the situation.

The situation made him frown as it wasn't looking good.

Although the wolf pack had heavy casualties, they seem to be endless. Hence, the cavalry were in a desperate situation and struggled to keep up.

Furthermore, within the four regiments they were fighting for themselves and even competing, making the situation even worse.

Luo Shixin was clear that the 5 colonels were all different, but were also all young and competitive. Thus, they didn't like to lose.

Out of the 5 men, Lin Yi was the most traditional and the one with the most experience. He went from a sergeant all the way to colonel. He had gained much military credits and helped kill many bandits, helping the lord conquer the land.

Luo Shixin was moved to the city north camp and took over Lin Yi, not knowing what he was feeling deep down. Although he was confident, be it skills or leadership, Lin Yi wasn't his match. But he couldn't stop him from having any other thoughts in his heart.

After all, ever since following Ouyang Shuo, Luo Shixin hadn't showed any skill.

Sun Tengjiao was from a refugee camp and followed them to join Shanhai City alongside Ge Hongliang and Xu Zhenchang. The three of them formed a iron triangle and had deep backgrounds.

When he battle started, Sun Tengjiao and been competing against Lin Yi. When he first arrived, he was always below Lin Yi, now both being colonels, how would he not want to prove himself?

Heiqi was a general of the raiders, and after passing an assessment, was finally put to use. Hence, he wanted to prove himself. After all, before surrendering there were more than 1000 men below him.

Shao Bu was a fallen general from the nomadic tribes. The people from the grasslands were competitive, so this was needless to say. Even though he was considered calmer, under the influence of everyone it was hard not to be riled up.

The most stable one was Sun Chuanlin. He was a general from Dali who wasn't happy with bowing down to the rich and famous and left Dali to join Shanhai City.

The tough experience made him cautious and low profile, and he didn't want to compete with others. He only wanted to thank Ouyang Shuo's good grace on the battlefield.

Thinking about this, Luo Shixin's head started to hurt.

Do consider giving us a vote if you are enjoying TWO! Like last month, we will be releasing 8 bonus chapters if we come first!

Know how to map and want to earn some prize money and a chance to read more? click here to find out how!

Check out the other novel that Nora edits, Spirit Hunter of Maoshan Sect! It has just reached 100 chapters and releases 45 chapters a month!



* * *





Chapter 289




Chapter 289: TWO Chapter 289- Murderous Surroundings

Chapter 289- Murderous Surroundings



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Luo Shixin was very clear that his first test as major general would be how to unite these 5 young generals by his side.

Probably this division trial would be a good opportunity.

In a blink of an eye, the situation on the battlefield changed.

The 2nd regiment was overconfident and unknowingly they were surrounded by the pack of wolves. As the soldiers were in a squadron as units, the sudden increase in wolves increased the pressure and casualties started to happen.

Luo Shixin waved his flag and ordered the 5th regiment to assist the 2nd regiment in order to save them. When Sun Chuanlin received the order, he ordered his troops to aim and shoot at the wolves on the west side.

The flurry of arrows resulted in heavy casualties for the wolves, allowing Sun Tengjiao to lead his troops to break out. As the second regiment returned back to the camp, they had sustained some casualties.

The medical squadron instantly rushed up to do some simple treatment on the wounded soldiers.

Seeing the actions of the wolves, Luo Shixin was certain that behind them there had to be a leader commanding. If not, it was impossible for them to retreat and advance at such opportune moments and even know tactics like surrounding the enemy.

The key to defeating them would be to find the leader.

Only that when one looked out, it was just a sea of grey and everything looked the same. In his eyes, each wolf looked about the same so how could he recognize which one was the lead wolf?

Luo Shixin started to change his thought process. The leader was a commander, so if he was like it, where would he hide?

With this question, Luo Shixin focused and tracked the movement of the wolf packs.

Hundreds of thousands of wolves surrounded the troops and engaged in a slaughter with the army. In the sky, wolf head after wolf head dropped down like it was raining wolf heads.

Their plan to surround the second regiment had failed, so the wolf pack had a new movement.

Their new target was the 1st regiment.

Similar to the 2nd regiment, the 1st regiment fought in squadrons. Luckily, Lin Yi was more experienced than Sun Tengjiao and didn't dare to advance rashly.

Even so, as the first regiment was heavy armored cavalry, it wasn't good at long battles, and long battles had a heavy burden on the bodies of the war horses. slowly the soldiers started to show signs of fatigue and their attacks slowed.

The wolf pack was really alert and upon sensing the enemy's weakness, they attacked. The other wolves on the three fronts also slowly gathered towards the north.

Luo Shixin laughed coldly, "Finally caught you."

He ordered the 2nd and 4th regiments to cut in from the east and west while the 5th regiment was to remain where they were. Luo Shixin led out his Guards unit and charged towards the north.

The Guards unit were dying for some action, and hearing the major general order them, they were like a group of wild horses that were released, charging relentlessly, killing any wolf in their way.

Luo Shixin led the way. He wanted to show off his skills in front of the generals, using the Bintie overlord spear to its limit. With a sweep, the head of a wolf was broken apart.

The generals were shocked, one must know that the skull was the hardest part of the body and he had just swept out at them.

Luo Shixin's spear technique was amazing, and with his god given strength he was just like an overlord. Th

e other generals were nothing in front of him.

A Luo Shixin that tried hard was really terrifying. The wolf pack upon seeing him strut his stuff, a hundred of them surrounded him. Luo Shixin was unfazed and swept left and right, clearing out half of them.

Even so, the wolf pack was fearless and the next wave charged forwards. It seemed like behind them was something really important that they had to risk their lives to protect.

Seeing such a situation, Luo Shixin was more confident and he resolutely charged forward. The large wolf army couldn't stop him as he used the spear in his hand and burst apart head after head; the scene was very majestic.

Seeing their general being so godly, the soldiers all looked on in awe.

At this point, the morale of the soldiers had reached its highest point. A group of young men with their blood boiling, under the leadership of Luo Shixin, charged out of the encirclement.

Luo Shixin took the lead, and when he killed off the last batch of wolves, what he saw shocked him.

Behind them was the leader who looked exceptionally big, standing there motionlessly. This wolf, apart from being a little bigger, had no other unique points.

What was special was the little white wolf that laid on its head.

The wolf was the size of a cat, its fur was white without a single grey hair. What was special was its eyes, which were exceptionally quick at moving. A normal person's eyes wouldn't be as eye catching as those and filled with so much spirituality.

"Major general, is their commander the little pup?" The major of the Guards unit, Suwang, couldn't believe it.

"Heh, that's right. Think about it, which normal wolf would have eyes like that?" If it were before, Luo Shixin would not believe that there were spiritual beasts. Until he came to Shanhai City and saw the Nian Beasts, the world was filled with mysteries.

"So we kill it?" Suwang couldn't bear to.

"No." Luo Shixin shook his head. "This spiritual beast is very rare. Let's capture it and give it to the marquis. I'm sure 3rd miss would really like it."

"Hehe, major general. When did you start sucking up to the marquis?" Suwang teased.

"Tsk tsk tsk!" Luo Shixin was embarrassed. "Go take it down; if it escapes, you're at fault."

"Yes!" Suwang regained his focus and led the Guards unit to surround the white wolf.

At this moment, the wolf pack went insane and rushed towards the north. Luo Shixin was now sure that the little white wolf was the commander.

Seeing that victory was in their eyes, the generals gave it their all to match up with the sudden frenzy of the wolves.

Suwang although looked like he was joking all the time, but when he worked, he did it diligently and carefully, catching the little white Wolf quickly. The little thing was smart and not strong. It's combat power was similar to that of normal pups.

It was the mount of the little white wolf that died a terrible death in the hands of the Guards.

After being captured, the little wolf wasn't afraid, curiously looking at Luo Shixin and the others.

Luo Shixin picked it up from Suwang and grabbed it by its neck, dangling it in mid-air. "Little guy, I know you can understand me. Ask the wolf pack to retreat and don't make unnecessary sacrifices.

The little brat fixed Luo Shixin with a look, using its claws to scratch its little head before turning around and calling out to the wolf pack, "Ao wu~"

"Puchi!" Luo Shixin tried his best to hold in his laughter.

Such a cute sound was totally different from the position the little fellow held. What was key was its cry wasn't loud so Luo Shixin was worried whether the wolf pack could hear it.

What happened next stunned Luo Shixin and the others.

The wolf pack that had been fighting for their lives instantly stopped, looking toward the direction of the little white wolf before turning around and leaving.

In a moment, the wolf pack left like a flood, disappearing as quickly as it came.

Luo Shixin heaved a sigh of relief; he finally did it. What confused him was that there weren't any notifications, and that the teleportation gate didn't appear.

He didn't dare be careless and ordered the troops to set up defensive positions to wait for the next wave.

As expected, before the 2nd division could react, a huge change happened in the grasslands.

In the east, south, and west, fire started. As the wind blew, the fire started to spread and turned the grassland into a sea of fire.

Such a scene was what the soldiers had never seen before, throwing the forces into an uproar. However, Luo Shixin was calm and ordered the troops to compact their defenses and go towards the north where there wasn't fire.

Just at that moment, from the safest north direction, the rumbling of horses galloping could be heard.

Luo Shixin snickered; he knew that things wouldn't have been so simple. He ordered the troops to not panic and take the chance that the fire hadn't spread to form up properly.

In a short while, a black line from the north appeared. It was tens of thousands of grassland cavalry. Then cavalry followed the sound of whistles and surrounded the warriors of the 2nd division.

Luo Shixin laughed coldly. The 2nd division had no way out, and if they wanted to live, they had to break through.

He placed the 1st and 2nd regiments as the main force, the 3rd and 4th as the two wings, and the 5th regiment at the front line. Once they finished reorganizing, they instantly charged forward.

"Kill!" Once again Luo Shixin led the soldiers of the Guards unit and charged in front.

The rumbling of horse hooves exploded in the grasslands like a shocking tsunami.

The two groups of cavalry under the encampment of the fire had no choice but to give it their all.

The first to contact the enemy was the 5th regiment. Both sides had an archery battle. Compared to the grassland cavalry, the 5th regiment was weaker. Luckily, they had prepared crossbow machines.

The crossbow machine that the Bow and Crossbow Division had designed for the cavalry was light, fast, and easy to load. What it sacrificed was the range. Even so, the crossbow machine had a longer range than a bow.

The arrow rain met in mid air; both sides wanted to kill their enemy.

Luo Shixin's decisiveness to make the 2nd division take the initiative was what the grassland cavalry didn't expect, hence, they couldn't react in time.

Do consider giving us a vote if you are enjoying TWO! Like last month, we will be releasing 8 bonus chapters if we come first!

Know how to map and want to earn some prize money and a chance to read more? click here to find out how!

Check out the other novel that Nora edits, Spirit Hunter of Maoshan Sect! It has just reached 100 chapters and releases 45 chapters a month!



* * *





Chapter 290




Chapter for the day~

Chapter 290‍ - Chapter for March 11th.

Do consider giving us a vote if you are enjoying TWO! Like last month, we will be releasing 8 bonus chapters if we come first!

Know how to map and want to earn some prize money and a chance to read more? click here to find out how!

Check out Spirit Hunters of Maoshan Sect! It is a novel that I (Nora), also work on! It's a pretty cool novel that has just hit 100 chapters, so do give it a try. It's a bit of different novel that goes into the lore of Daoism. Unlike most novels that have cultivation, this novel focuses more on mystery/lore, rather than showing the MC cultivate. The first 6 chapters can be treated as a prologue, so try to get past that before you judge it! This novel contains elements of horror and mystery.

Check out our friends at Godly Model Creator, a novel translated by Yorasu! Follow the tales of an esper with model analysis as his origin ability and an ultimate aim of becoming the sole ruler of Earth! Consider giving them one of your votes too if you enjoy their novel~

Enjoy!

*Ps, This is where you can get early releasing chapters Patreon

OR, alternatively, you can also,

Support and vote for us if you like TWO Vote

Review us on Novel Updates !

A discord server for TWO! Join us here- Discord

Contribute to the wiki here for a limited chance to get access to early chapters! Remember to join us on discord so we can contact you.



* * *





Chapter 291




Chapter 291-

Chapter 291- World's First Prefecture

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

On the same day, a system notification sounded around the earth .

"World Notification: Congratulations American region player Jake Dawson for becoming the 2nd Marquis ranked lord, awarded the title of Free Lord, awarded reputation points 15 thousand points, the imperial city you are in will give you your specific rewards . "

After Ouyang Shuo, the world finally had a second lord that ranked up to Marquis . This meant that the battle for the first prefecture wasn't going to be a solo by Ouyang Shuo .

Shanhai City not upgrading to date gave Jake Dawson and his Free City a chance .

If he didn't care about the degree of completion and upgraded with 2 quests, he could possibly get ahead of Shanhai City and become the ‘World's First Prefecture’ .

Ouyang Shuo wasn't sure whether or not Jake Dawson would not care about anything and just go for the glory . After all, during the city grade, he lost the opportunity from a winning position hence he would be more rash and wouldn't want to lose again .

Ouyang Shuo hogging the world’s first position had made the western lords unhappy, and they wanted to regain it and not let Ouyang Shuo's east be a one man show .

If Jake Dawson was able to take the World’s First Prefecture, all their dark clouds would fade away .

In a moment, Ouyang Shuo was conflicted between two choices .

Should he chase for perfection or solidify his position of being the world's first .

Towards this point, the Shanhai Alliance was also split .

Gong Chengshi, Wufu and Songwen all supported keeping the glory, as this could would raise the prestige of the Shanhai Alliance in both China and the world .

Most importantly was that both the world's first town and city were taken by Ouyang Shuo . If he didn't become the first prefecture, rumours and arguments would start .

The world was like this . When you claimed glory for your country, they would worship you and praise you; the moment you lose that honor they would criticize you and drown you .

Song Wen and the others, although their views had a little selfishness in it, they had logic .

Bai Hua, Feng Qiuhuang and Xunlong Dianxue supported completing all the quests as honor was fake . Getting the rewards was what really mattered, and that was the smarter choice .

After all, Shanhai City had already shocked the world and getting another world's first wouldn't make much of a difference .

Both of them debated back and forth, making Ouyang Shuo even more conflicted .

Honestly speaking, Ouyang Shuo wanted to achieve the triple crown . But rationally, he agreed with Bai Hua .

In the last life, he hadn't heard of any lords completing all four quests and achieving a 100% completion rate . Thinking back to the village creation quest at the start, the rewards were amazing; it even had a chance of being a unique reward .

The only thing was that the recruiting of historical people quest had too many uncertainties .

Ouyang Shuo firmly believed that with the specialty and fame of the territory, and being the background of the philosopher debate, they could definitely attract historical people .

The key being time .

Ouyang Shuo made the choice to ignore Jake Dawson and complete his own quest . Just as he was about to give up on the glory, the system pulled another joke on him .

On Gaia First year 12th month 5th day, two days after Jake Dawson was given the title of Free Lord, Wei Ran and his daughter Wei Lan arrived in Shanhai City .

Who was Wei Ran? A senior statesman for the Qin, given a position four times, the father-in-law of Baiqi . Hearing that Baiqi had come to Shanhai City, they specially came over . He wanted to become famous in Shanhai City and also wanted to help reunite his daughter and Baiqi .

Historical people under the support of Gaia, each had their own message system . If not, the players all having their territories in the wilderness, without correct intel, how could these historical people choose where to live?

The fame of the territory showed its magic in this system . The more famous the territory, the faster the news could spread to the ears of the historical personnel .

Wei Ran was a person with power, and after the Battle of Changping, he was added to the game . He had been going around getting news and getting ready to choose a good place to call home .

Hearing that Baiqi was well treated and given power in Shanhai City, Wei Ran decided to move here . Taking into account his daughter, there was no reason for him not to .

Name: Wei Ran (King rank)

Title: Rang Lord

Dynasty: Warring States (Qin)

Identity: Shanhai City civil servant

Occupation: Civil Servant

Loyalty: 75 points

Command: 50

Force: 48

Intelligence: 72

Politics: 75

Specialty: Well-rounded (Raise territory order by 25%), Keen eye (raise talent scouting of territory by 10%), Evaluate the situation (Raise efficiency by 15%)

Evaluation: The Rang Lord is intelligent and highly adaptable . He worked for the Queen Mother while supporting the King . Given four official positions and helped to block up Xinjiang . Helped in the destruction of the Chu and the Wei .

Wei Ran's arrival delighted Ouyang Shuo, sweeping up the gloominess .

The scene in which Baiqi and Wei Lan reunited wasn't as emotional as one expected . Baiqi was quite cold blooded, and even though he had reunited with his wife, he didn't lose his usual calm .

But upon careful inspection, one could notice a thread of warmth in Baiqi's eyes .

Under the arrangement by Zisu, Wei Ran moved into the official residence area and lived right next to Baiqi . As for his position, he wanted to wait till the territory upgraded before arranging it .

Also, there were 3-4 good talents from the Mazu Temple induced migration wave who were under the orders of Ouyang Shuo . The Administration Department gave them specific jobs .

After dealing with everything, Ouyang Shuo rushed to the meeting hall to upgrade the territory .

As Ouyang Shuo opened the territory interface and clicked on upgrade, a system notification sounded out in his ear .

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi, completed all 4 quests . Will you upgrade?"

"Yes!"

The territory stone steele rose up from the ground, and a golden light shot up, bursting apart in mid air . The golden lustre spread out in all directions before disappearing .

"System notifications: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for upgrading to grade 1 prefecture . City grade manor will automatically upgrade to prefecture grade!"

At the prefecture grade, there weren't any basic building that could be provided by the system .

Following which was a flurry of system notifications .

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for being the first lord in the Chinese region to upgrade to grade 1 prefecture, rewarded 4400 merit points!"

……

The merit point reward was double that of the city stage . To Ouyang Shuo's rank, however, it was just a small bonus .

As the notification went out, the Chinese region flew into an uproar, as all players were witnessing another glorious moment .

As expected, shortly after the system notification, a global notification sounded .

"World notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for becoming the first lord to upgrade to grade 1 prefecture, rewarded 8000 merit points, 10 thousand reputation points, and given the title of World's First Prefecture .

……

"World notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for completing all four quests and achieving a 100% completion rate . Rewarded special building- collection house!"

……

At this point, Ouyang Shuo had managed to obtain his triple crown and had became the undisputed overlord .

As the world notification went out, the world was silent .

The western world was dead silent; Ouyang Shuo's strength made them breathless . No one cared about the secret building and all their eyes were on his triple crown .

Jake Dawson sent on the global channel, "Qiyue Wuyi, congratulations!" To be able to become a lord, even if one lost, one must have the tolerance to concede defeat .

"Thank you!" Ouyang Shuo replied .

Settling all the random stuff, Ouyang Shuo finally had time to take a look at the stats .

【Territory】: Shanhai Territory

【Lord】: Lianzhou Lord Qiyue Wuyi (2nd class Marquis )

【Title】: The World’s First Prefecture (Increase town fame by 50%)

【Title】: Home of martial arts (Raise residents' body capabilities by 20%)

【Governed Area 】: Shanhai city (grade 1 prefecture)

【Population】: 100 thousand/ 500 thousand

【Refugee Spawn Rate】: 500 * (1 + 50%) = 750 / day

【Territory area】: 50000 square kilometers

【Territory Specialty】:

+50% Refugee attraction rate, +25% Special talented people attraction rate, +50% Crop production rate, +25% Productivity of workers, +20% Experience earned by troops, +10% Chances of talented people in the territory to advance a level

【Political】: 75/100 (Affecting the administrative efficiency and morale)

【Economic】: 68/100 (Affecting the trading prosperity and tax)

【Cultural】: 70/100 (Affecting the education development and quality of residents)

【Military】: 78/100 (Affecting the military strength and stability)

【Affliate Counties】: Beihai City, Qiushui City, Friendship City . . .

【Finanical Institutions】: Four Seas Bank

【Territory Chamber of Commerce 】: Cui Chamber of Commerce, Quanji Chamber of Commerce

【Territory Specialties】: Lianzhou three flower wine, colored silk, white tea

【Special Building】: Collection House

【Hidden Building】: Mazu Temple, Recruitment Hall, Yellow Emperor Temple

Basic buildings list:

Wengcheng: the main defensive facility of a city, building a semi-circle small city to guard the gate . Building requirements: 50 thousand units of green bricks, 10 thousand units of stones . Building time: 20 days .

Painting Academy: A place that's in charge of painting, in charge of evaluating as well as developing painters and paintings . Building requirements: advanced painter, painting academy building blueprints, 10 thousand units of wood, 10 thousand units of green bricks, 8000 units of stones . Building time: 15 days .

Distribution Center: The region were resources and goods are gathered and distributed from . Building requirements: 20 thousand units of wood, 40 thousand units of green brick, 20 thousand units of stone . Building time: 15 days .

Compared to the city grade, the prefecture grade territory interface had some changes .

Firstly, the separation of the territory and the governed area was no longer discussed together . This would make the governing of the prefecture more complicated as more emphasis would be placed on the affiliate territories .

The governance area was the city where the Lord's Manor was situated .

With Shanhai territory as an example, apart from Shanhai City, it had 8 affiliate counties . Adding this together was far larger than the scale of Shanhai City . Hence, it wouldn't be suitable if one used Shanhai City to describe the land .

As the territory continued to expand, this would become more and more obvious .

Secondly, adding affiliate cities, financial institutions, as well as territory Chamber of Commerces into the stats page, which meant that the managing of the territory had reached a new level .

A grade 1 prefecture population upper limit was 5 times that of before, and now reached 500 thousand . Even with the strength of the territory specialty, to reach the upper limit needed 1 . 5 years .

What did this mean? This meant that for the territory to develop, he needed to steal from others .

Hence that was the reason why Ouyang Shuo tried to raise ‘poisonous insects’, such that the Lianzhou Basin could have enough of a population to upgrade .

As the population limit increased, there was also the territory area, and now it took up nearly 1/5 of the Lianzhou Basin . This meant that Yongye City, Guangshui City, Yishui City and Gushan City were now part of the area .

After becoming a prefecture, the basic building numbers had dropped and now just numbere three . Out of the three buildings, the Wengcheng was an essential facility for the outer wall .

The Painting Academy was simple . It was like the chess courtyard, and could be directly built inside Xinan University . The only requirement would be that you needed to spend 2000 gold to buy a blueprint .

Of course, one also needed an advanced painter . This was easy, as out of the migrants from Quanzhou, there was already a painter .

The last building, the Distribution Center, represented Shanhai City as a self-sufficient city, radiating toward the surrounding counties .

Lastly was the system reward . The collection house .

Ouyang Shuo built it in the inner portions of Xinan University to be the library of the university . As for its stats, Ouyang Shuo didn't have time to take a look .

No matter what, for it to be taken out as a reward by the system meant that it wasn't simple .



* * *





Chapter 292




Chapter 292-

Chapter 292- Prefecture System

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

As the territory upgraded, the Lianzhou Lord's Manor also underwent a huge change .

The Lord's Manor was now 5 times larger and had the real feel of a Lord's Manor . The courtyard group, which was now 5 times larger, had a main gate, side door, covering walls, festooned doors were plenty, veranda, stone path, hallways etc, backseat room, side rooms, wing-room, lateral courts, etc .

As the size increased, the number of courtyards increased, making Ouyang Shuo a little dizzy .

With the festooned door as the divider, the Lianzhou Lord manor was separated into inner and outer . The outer region had the main hall, culture hall and martial hall as the core . Their functions were the same as the previous courtyard .

Ouyang Shuo specially built a beautiful courtyard in the outer region as his reading room which would act as his future office, so he didn't need to squeeze in with the directors and secretaries .

In the inner region, apart from living quarters, there was a special drill ground for him to train his martial arts .

In the martial hall, apart from the Guards regiment, there was a small courtyard to act as Baiqi's office . As the overall general, if Baiqi wasn't in the barracks, he would be dealing with military affairs .

After upgrading, the function of the Lord's Manor was overall becoming more and more perfect .

After upgrading, the territory was going to have a whole new military and administrative revolution .

Military-wise, with the appointment of Baiqi as well as the building of the 3 divisions, there wouldn't be huge changes in a short time . At most it, would be the creation of city protection regiment as well as the special forces .

The key would be the administrative reorganization .

That afternoon, Ouyang Shuo invited Fan Zhongyan, Tian Wenjing and Cui Yingyu for a meeting .

The meeting location was in Ouyang Shuo's meeting room . The secretary Bai Nanpu brought the three directors tea before leaving the reading room and waiting outside . He knew that this meeting was unusual .

What made Bai Nanpu uncertain was that out of the 5 directors, Ge Hongliang and Chang Shen Zhui weren't invited . If one said that Ge Hongliang was only part of military affairs, and as such wasn't invited, then why wasn't Shen Zhui invited?

Was he going to be shut out? Bai Nanpu had a shiver down his spine and didn't dare to think about it .

What Ouyang Shuo didn't know was that his actions had many interpretations by the secretaries . Even if he knew, he wouldn't have the time and energy to bother about it . What he cared about was the administrative system .

"About the current administrative system, say your thoughts!"

Fan Zhongyan had made all his mental preparations . They knew that every time the territory had upgraded a tier, the lord would make huge changes . The only difference was that he didn't throw out his plan and wanted to hear their thoughts .

The Marquis wanted them to speak, hence they had to say their thoughts . They also must make sense . If not, how would it be fitting of their position?

Fan Zhongyan took the lead . "I feel that reorganizing the administrative structure, we need to separate the Lianzhou Lord’s Manor from Shanhai City . Hence, it will emphasize the prestige of the Lianzhou lord, and made the subordinate-boss relationship clear . "

Before, Shanhai City and the Lianzhou Lord's Manor were part of the same body . After upgrading, Shanhai City was only the governed area, so it wasn't right to mix the two up .

"If we separate Lianzhou Lord's Manor from Shanhai City, what will the relationship be between Shanhai City and the subsidiary territories?" Ouyang Shuo didn't agree or disagree, just throwing out a question .

"Since we want to separate, we must separate completely . The thing about the subsidiary territories must also be changed . I suggest that we have 3 systems: the prefecture, Lord's Manor, and the city to make clear the relationships . "

Ouyang Shuo eyes brightened as he said eagerly, "Please be more specific!"

"The entire Shanhai Territory can be considered a prefecture, so we should temporarily call it Shanhai Prefecture . The Lianzhou Lord's Manor controls the power over the military and administrations of Shanhai Prefecture . In the west, with Tianfeng City as the center, set up the Tianfeng House . It would be in charge of Tianfeng, Yongye, and Guangshui City . In the middle with Shanhai City as the center, we could set up the Shanhai House or Jingzhao House, being in charge of Shanhai City, Qiushui City and Friendship City . In the east, Yishui and Gushan could set up a house temporarily . "

"What about Beihai City?" Yingyu asked .

"Beihai City is located outside of the Lianzhou Basin, and its geography is special so we can give it its own House . "

Ouyang Shuo nodded . "I largely agree with Xiwen's plan, but I have three points to improve on . Firstly, the next strategic movement of the territory would be to take over the entire Lianzhou Basin . Hence when we reorganize, we must use the entire Lianzhou Basin as the blueprint and make the whole basin the Lianzhou Prefecture . Secondly, although Tianfeng City will be where the Tianfeng House is built, it should be called Tianfeng City to standardize everything . Thirdly, a prefecture shouldn't have so many houses . Four is the most suitable . The future Lianzhou Basin will set up 5 in four directions and the center . Hence, Beihai County can be renamed as Beihai City, and currently under the jurisdiction of the Lianzhou Lords manor, they won't have their own house .

"Marquis is a genius! As for the name of Shanhai House, what will you name it?"

"Just name it Shanhai House!" Ouyang Shuo wasn't aiming too far .

"Yes, my lord . "

After Fan Zhongyan finished, Tian Wenjing stood up . "Regarding the Shanhai House, I have an idea . "

"Oh?" Ouyang Shuo knew that Tian Wenjing rarely spoke, but the moment he did meant that he had a great idea .

"Shanhai City, Qiushui City and Friendship City all defend the south of the Lianzhou Basin and are all very close to one another . Also, with the bridge joining the three of them, instead of calling them three cities, why not consider them one giant city? Hence I suggest to get rid of Qiushui City and Friendship City and combine all three, calling it Shanhai City . With this mega city, only then could it fit the bill of being the main city of our territory . " Tian Wenjing's idea was expectedly shocking .

Ouyang Shuo nodded . Tian Wenjing's idea was similar to what he thought of when he planned the two subsidiary territories . Only this giant city could be good enough to act as the capital of the country that they were building .

"Good, we will follow your idea . "

The three of them worked together and basically solved the organization problems of the territory . What was left was naturally handled by the Administration Department .

Ouyang Shuo thought about it and felt that it wasn't enough . "Apart from reorganizing the prefecture, we must also reorganize the Lianzhou Lord's Manor . "

Fan Zhongyan and Tian Wenjing exchanged glances, a shiver running down their spine . They immediately linked this issue to the reason why Shenzhui wasn't present .

As expected, Ouyang Shuo was about to get rid of the Material Reserve Department . “After upgrading to a prefecture, there isn't a need for the Material Reserves Department to exist . I have decided to disband the department . The Saltpan Division as well as Beimu Saltpans will be now under Beihai City, and a portion of their profits will be given to the Financial Department . As for the Resource Division and Transport Division, we will have other plans for them . "

Ouyang Shuo being able to let go of his highest profit making tool, the Beimu Saltpans, showed his confidence . The times, when it single handedly supported the finances of the territory were long gone .

"The Resource Division will be disbanded, the logging camp and quarry will be under their respective location Houses, the mines will be under the Combat Logistics Division; the granary and Langshan Mine fields will be under the Industry Division . The other resources will be left to the merchants, and we won't bother about them . "

"The transport division is disbanded . The Jifeng Horse Stables will now be under the Combat Logistics Division; the transport line and harbor will be under the Industry Division, only this time we will allow investments by merchants . "

Ouyang Shuo's arrangement not only simplified the structure but also relaxed the control of the territory on its economy, increasing room for investment .

The Hequanji Chamber of Commerce and Cui Chamber of Commerce entering was a good opportunity .

At this point, the territory had the Administration Department, Internal Affairs Department, and Financial Department as its core . The Financial Department had been strengthened in this round of reorganization .

After settling the organizational structure, what was next was the appointments of key personnel .

The prefect of Shanhai House was already decided by Ouyang Shuo to be Wei Ran; there was nothing to be discussed about that . What needed to be planned was where Zhao Dexian and Zhou Haichen were going .

The prefect of Tianfeng House was a hot topic . The current City Magistrate Zhao Dewang would definitely not be able to handle it, so he needed to choose another talent .

There was also the appointments of Shen Zhui and the others after the disbanding of the Material Reserves Department .

"For the prefect of Tianfeng House, whom do you all suggest?" Ouyang Shuo asked .

Fan Zhongyan and the rest looked at one another . Such an appointment was very sensitive, and they didn't want to join in .

"Just say it . Say anything!" Ouyang Shuo wasn't going to let them off .

"What about Shen Zhui?" Tian Wenjing tested the waters, Shen Zhui could be considered half a disciple, and since he was relieved of his duties, he wanted to find a good job for him .

Ouyang Shuo shook his head . "Shen Zhui still needs some training, I'll let him become the City Magistrate of Yongye City!" Although Ouyang Shuo had high hopes for Shenzhui, he didn't want to stunt his growth .

Fan Zhongyan looked at Yingyu . "I suggest Yishui City’s City Magistrate Cui Shousi . " Fan Zhongyan's suggestion was quite interesting . Everyone knew that he was Cui Yingyu's brother .

If this plan was accepted, the Cui family’s brother and sister would both be at high positions, and together with the branch of the Cui Chamber of Commerce, the Cui Family would have a lot of influence in the territory .

The meaning within was really special .

Cui Yingyu looked up, remaining motionless .

Ouyang Shuo laughed, seemingly not noticing the mystery within . "City Magistrate Cui has been doing well . It's quite suitable for him to become the prefect of the Tianfeng House; it's settled!"

"Yes, my lord!"

Hence, everything was set and what was left were the remaining personnel and official arrangements .



* * *





Chapter 293




Chapter 293-

Chapter 293- Jiang Shang Comes Out

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The next day, the Lianzhou Lord's Manor sent out an official document to announce the related personnel changes .

Wei Ran was appointed the Shanhai House prefect and in charge of the central region; Cui Shousi was in charge of the Tianfeng House, guarding the western region; Gu Xiuwen was now the Beihai City city protector, in charge of the sea around it .

The promotion of Cui Shousi shocked the Cui Family . The homebred officials were paid more attention to than Wei Ran and Baiqi . This set of father and son-in-law duo would have huge influence in the military and administrative matters of the territory .

The original Material Reserves Department director Shen Zhui was moved to become the Yongye City’s City Magistrate, the current Qiushui City magistrate Zhao Dexian was appointed Guangshui City City Magistrate and the original Friendship City’s city magistrate Zhou Haichen was now the Yishui City’s city magistrate .

Out of the three cities, Yishui City had the most potential as it had used the token . Cui Shousi's promotion was living proof . Added to the fact that it was guarding the east, it was a crucial strategic point .

Hence, out of the 3 city magistrates, Zhou Haichen had the brightest future . During the time when he was Friendship City’s city magistrate, he had faced many threats from the nomads as such his sense for danger was very strong . This was one of the reasons Ouyang Shuo chose him, and the other being that he had underwent a proper education . His future was limitless .

In the old Material Reserves Department, the Resource Division Secretary Du Xiaolan was appointed the Industry Division Secretary; the Transport Division Secretary Zheng Shanpao was now the manager of the Jifeng Valley Horse stables; the deputy director of the department, Yuan Shaoping, would now only be the manager of the Langshan Minefields .

Zheng Shanpao and Yuan Shaoping were two officials who got promoted based on their talents and skills in a specific area . Hence, it was difficult for them to climb any higher . For them to focus on their specific field was putting their talent to good use .

As for Du Xiaolan's appointment, administration director Fan Zhongyan had a few qualms .

Du Xiaolan and the Taxation Division Secretary Qian Lifei were both Cui Yingyu's students, and if both of them worked in the Financial Department, they would be suggestions of foul play, so Fan Zhongyan opposed it .

Ouyang Shuo believed that Cui Yingyu knew what was right and wrong, and hence opposed his suggestion .

On the morning of the 6th day of the 12th month, Ouyang Shuo summoned Shanhai House prefect Cui Ran to discuss the town hall . As it affected the power segregation between the Lianzhou lord manor and Shanhai House, Fan Zhongyan and the other 2 directors joined too .

The merged Shanhai City now had three regions, the Shanhai region, the Qiushui region and the Friendship region .

Shanhai House town hall would be set up in the Shanhai region, which was the main region of Shanhai City . The administrative system which were left in the original Qiushui City and Friendship City would be changed into a region-grade administrative system, the same as a city-grade system .

After setting up the Shanhai House, some responsibilities and power belonging to the Lianzhou Lord's Manor had to be put down .

Firstly would be the authority over the buildings in Shanhai City . The overall planning of Shanhai City would be handed over to the Construction Division; for the specific plans and buildings, Shanhai House would be in charge .

Secondly, the authority over the culture and education of Shanhai City . Xinan University and Yellow Emperor Temple would be under the direct jurisdiction of the Lianzhou Lord's Manor; the private school, school, and temple would all be under Shanhai House .

Thirdly, the authority over the migrants would be under Shanhai House . The respective welfare would be borne by the finances of Shanhai House; the Household Registration Division would be in charge of tabulating the population numbers and details .

Fourthly, the law and order of Shanhai City . The Guards in the core region of Shanhai region would be from the Guards regiment; the outer defences would be by the City Protection Division; the order in the city would be under the Law and Order Division; Shanhai House would be in charge of the remaining areas .

Fifth, the tax in Shanhai City . The tax earned by Shanhai City would be given to Shanhai House, and they would turn over a certain portion of it . The industries under the Financial Department would still remain under the jurisdiction of the Industry Division .

What followed next was a series of personnel changes .

As the Lianzhou Lord's Manor placed down a lot of authority, as such a portion of the administrative workers and officials would be sent to Shanhai House to improve its organizational structure . The migrants from Quanzhou were pretty much all sent over to Shanhai House .

Ouyang Shuo didn't ask about the specific personnel arrangements, which would be decided by the 3 directors and the prefect . With Wei Ran's ability, Ouyang Shuo was sure that he could settle the situations quickly .

In the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo went toward Xinan University to check out the system reward collection house . It was near the moon lake, and not far from it was the newly-built Philosopher Forum Courtyard .

Name: Collection House

Type: Special building

Function: Read old books and manuals, all of which can be found here .

Specialty: Increase territory culture index by 15%

Description: This was a specific building to collect books, it has all the old books and manuals from people to read and check out .

Something dawned on Ouyang Shuo . Wasn't this the same as the modern day university library? It was also the best library in the whole Chinese region with all the books and old manuals .

Its value couldn't be measured .

With Ouyang Shuo's understanding of the game, the books inside the collection house were probably all the secret manuals and books that Gaia found while it was searching for information .

It wasn't hard to imagine how much attraction the book collection house would be to philosophers, and it would be an important way to improve the education levels of Xinan University .

The next step would be to choose a landlord .

Ouyang Shuo immediately thought of one guy who would be the most suitable, which was Jiang Shang living on Fallen Star Island . Ever since he visited Jiang Shang the first time, Ouyang Shuo had never been to Fallen Star Island .

Even so, Jiang Shang's every move was under Ouyang Shuo's control .

The servant that Jiang Shang sent to serve him, apart from caring for his daily life, was to act as eyes and ears and report back whatever he said to Bai Nanpu . After Bai Nanpu organized it, he sent it out in a letter format to Ouyang Shuo .

After living in hiding on Fallen Star Island, Jiang Shang hadn't taken a step out of the island . He would either be fishing by the lake or reading on the rocks .

As the book collection in the territory was limited, Ouyang Shuo could only take out the books and the secret manuals from his reading room and give them to Jiang Shang . After all, the number of books was limited, and Jiang Shang had already read numerous books before .

Ouyang Shuo was confident that Jiang Shang wouldn't be able to resist the temptation of the book collection house .

Coming onto the Fallen Star Island again, Ouyang Shuo was feeling totally different .

He had lost hope of asking Jiangsheng to become an official in Shanhai territory . As long as he was willing to make use of his influence to recruit talents in Shanhai Territory, it would be good .

That's right, Ouyang Shuo considered Jiang Shang as bait .

Jiang Shang was sitting on the rock and reading . Upon seeing Ouyang Shuo, he wasn't as cold as last time and said, "Why did the Marquis come here?"

"Do you know that the Moon Lake has a book collection house?" Ouyang Shuo didn't beat around the bush as he knew that when talking to such smart people, other than saying what he wanted to say, the rest of the conversation was just fake .

"Book collection house?" Jiang Shang didn't step foot outside Fallen Star Island, so obviously he wouldn't know .

"That's right, it’s a building that has all the books and manuals in history . "

"Are you bluffing me?" Jiang Shang didn't believe him .

Ouyang Shuo shook his head . "I wouldn't dare to . You can take a look yourself . "

A tinge of excitement flashed across his eyes, followed by a flash of doubt . "Your tricks can't bluff me off of Fallen Star Island . In this world, how can there be such a building?"

"You don't need to test me . I didn’t come here to ask you to take up a position . I just want you to be the landlord of the building . "

The temptations of the books were enormous .

Jiang Shang was ready to take the risk . "Okay, I'll believe you and follow you up . If it's really as you said, I will be willing to be the landlord . "

Ouyang Shuo nodded .

Jiang Shang didn't even pack anything, following closely behind Ouyang Shuo and onto the raft .

Arriving at the book collection house, Jiang Shang started to believe . When he saw the amount of scriptures, he was captivated .

"How's the collection here?"

"It's huge!" Jiang Shang muttered . "Marquis don't worry, I won't go against my words . "

Ouyang Shuo nodded and left on his own .

From today onwards the book collection house would have a mysterious old man with a terrifying background .

Walking out from the book collection house, Ouyang Shuo arrived at the Architectural College .

On the way there, he bumped into Sun Xiaoyue .

"Ouyang, when did you have time to come here?" Sun Xiaoyue teased, her eyes flashed a little bit of excitement and emotion .

Ever since she came here, Ouyang Shuo was either at battle or touring around . A large portion of his time was in the Lord's Manor and discussing matters .

"I'm here to take a look and walk around!"

"Wow my lord, you're so free to walk around . Just say, maybe I am able to help you with it . " Sun Xiaoyue was speechless at the man in front of her .

Ouyang Shuo's skin was very thick as he talked as if nothing had happened . "Is old Li here? I've something to ask him about . "

"Is it about the Shanhai City planning?"

"Smart!"

"Well of course! Let's go, I'll bring you there!" She turned around, Ouyang Shuo following behind her back .

"Actually regarding that, the college had started preliminary designs; we just aren't sure if it's similar to what you planned . " On the way, Sun Xiaoyue started to talk about the city planning .

Ouyang Shuo nodded .

At the office of Old Li, Ouyang Shuo met him and described the plan about combining the 3 regions and forming Shanhai City .

"Wow, it seems like we need to redo the planning!"

"Thank you for your help Old Li!" Ouyang Shuo was a bit embarrassed and ashamed .

"Aiyo, to be able to be a part of such huge design is my good fortune . " Old Li was very emotional and was very motivated to complete this .

"Then I can't wait to see what you produce!"



* * *





Chapter 294




Chapter 294-

Chapter 294- Eliminated in the First Round

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Based on Old Li's opinion, the overall plan could only be out after the new year .

Ouyang Shuo pondered . "Could you design the city wall first?"

"Why is that so?" Old Li didn't understand .

"The city wall is the core of the planning . It takes the most time and effort, and it'll definitely need the help of the civilians and commoners . There are four months until the spring sowing, so I hope to be able to complete the city wall before that . "

"Okay . " Old Li nodded, pleased . He commended Ouyang Shuo's care and concern for his people .

"I'll gather the students to rush day and night to take out the city wall plans within a week . "

Ouyang Shuo thanked him . “Thank you for your hard work!"

The two of them discussed the requirements and specifics of the wall, and unknowingly outside, the sun had set . Only then did Ouyang Shuo turn around and leave the office .

"I'll send you!" Sun Xiaoyue chased out .

The two of them walked on the small walkway, both not making a sound and neither wanting to break this peace and quiet .

"Ouyang!" Before saying goodbye, Sun Xiaoyue said .

"What?"

"Never mind, it's nothing!" Sun Xiaoyue was demoralized . She hurriedly left, her footsteps seemingly rushed and panicky .

Ouyang Shuo looked at her back, softly sighing, a feeling of melancholy overwhelming him .

When he returned to the Lord's Manor, he was just in time for dinner .

In the courtyard, Bing'er had already come back from school and was playing with Little White . Little White was the little white wolf that Luo Shixin had given to him and was really close to Bing'er, even following her to school .

Ouyang Shuo suspected whether Bing'er had some talent to even be able to get so close with spirit beasts . No matter if it were the Nian Beasts or Blackfang, none of them were an exception .

"Brother, you are back!" Bing'er ran over . During this period of time, her timetable was filled to the brim .

The little brat seemed to have gotten through her rebellious phase and was now very well behaved, making Ouyang Shuo pleased .

"En . " The brother and sister talked as they walked together into the side hall for their meal .

After upgrading to a prefecture, Ouyang Shuo had kept up with this busy schedule . Every day, he would be meeting with wave after wave of officials and generals to discuss military and administrative matters .

The matters of a prefecture were vast and messy .

Although Ouyang Shuo had already set down the basis and handed over the administrative matters to the three departments, there were still some parts in which he needed to personally make decisions .

The officials that were appointed elsewhere would purposely rush over to Lianzhou lord’s manor to say goodbye to Ouyang Shuo before accepting their new roles .

To all these important officials who were helping to rule a part of the territory, Ouyang Shuo naturally couldn't treat them lightly . He would personally greet each one of them to keep their loyalty and to let them know that their lord cared about them .

Luckily, as he cultivated the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique, Ouyang Shuo was more energetic . After the meetings in the morning, he would stay in the reading room at night to read books and jot down notes to plan for the development of the territory .

Ouyang Shuo's business made all the maidservants and ladies in the lord's manor feel heartbroken for him . Song Jia even purposely came back from the sect to tell Zisu to prepare supper every night and deliver it to the reading room .

12th month 9th day

Ouyang Shuo called Baiqi and Zhao Sihu in for a meeting .

The Shanhai City’s city protection regiment had been reorganized into one of the three divisions, leaving Zhao Sihu with no job . These few days, he just coordinated with the Military Affairs Department over conscription, and upon hearing that Ouyang Shuo wanted to see him, he hurried over .

During the battle of E'Shi Ridge, Zhao Sihu's performance was exceptional, impressing Ouyang Shuo, and he had even specially rewarded him the Wuhu Knife Technique secret manual .

Two months had passed, and Zhao Sihu had already gained a basic understanding, his body exuding an aura of a fierce tiger .

"How is it; is the conscription going smoothly?" Ouyang Shuo asked .

"It's going okay, there has been more people wanting to join the army . The teens in our territory also have very good bodies and most people who came could meet the standard . " Zhao Sihu was really excited .

Ouyang Shuo nodded . The various specialties of Shanhai Territory had started to show themselves .

After the greetings, Ouyang Shuo started to get into the main topic . "I have two reasons for calling you all here . "

"Please speak!"

To speak the truth, about the position of the city protection regiment, Zhao Sihu wasn't confident about it and didn't know what Ouyang Shuo was thinking in regards to it . To be able to be of use to the marquis, he was already happy enough .

"Firstly would be the Shanhai City’s city protection squad . My idea would be to create a City Protection Division within half a year . What do the both of you think?"

Zhao Sihu wasn’t involved, so it wasn't right for him to voice his opinions, but deep down inside he was silently delighted . He didn't expect that even after disbanding the 3 city protection regiments, his lord would pull such a move .

Baiqi nodded . "With the scale of the future Shanhai City, a City Protection Division is needed . "

Just as Baiqi said this, Shanhai City was the heart of the territory, and it must be defended . Although Ouyang Shuo didn't think that anyone would be able to attack Shanhai City, it was better to be safe than sorry .

If not, how would one allow the residents to live in peace?

Ouyang Shuo wasn't a person who chased short-term goals, and he wouldn't expand the army without thinking about the consequences . Him setting the half year deadline was so that it could be done slowly and not cause any strain on the territory .

After the three cities merged, every day there would be 1310 migrants spawning . In a month he could get 40 thousand men . As the city merger was the wish of Ouyang Shuo, he didn't gain any recognition from the system . Hence, when calculating the population of the city, the 3 were still calculated separately .

"Although the City Protection Division is to start from scratch, I don't wish for it's fighting ability and military culture and standards to be weaker than that of the other three divisions . As for their training, I'll leave it to you two . "

Even with Zhao Sihu's courage, upon hearing the Marquis's requirements, he was facing a little difficulty .

Everyone knew that for a new army to form combat strength, apart from training hard, practical fighting and battles were important . The territory had three divisions in the three dangerous directions, so no matter what, the city protection division wouldn't be able to join the fight .

"Why, do you have difficulties?"

Zhao Sihu gritted his teeth . "I'm a brutish person, so I'll speak the truth . If we are talking about training, I'm not afraid; but in terms of practical battles, I'm afraid we might affect your plans . "

Ouyang Shuo nodded and turned to Baiqi, "General, do you have any solution?"

"The only way is for the city protection division to split up into regiments and take turns to go to the various camps for battle . "

"Great, that settles it . As for the building of the division, general will command it, while Zhao Sihu, you will execute . "

Baiqi had became Ouyang Shuo's right hand man, so most of the military matters were passed to him . Hence, the Military Affairs Department under his bright light seemed to lose its luster and become an assisting unit .

Such a general like Baiqi wasn't suitable for handling the Military Affairs Department, as the battlefield was his home . The reason for setting up the department was because Ouyang Shuo wanted it to control the generals and form a balance . If not, the military generals could become a wild horse and go out of control .

Unfortunately, as they lacked a super talent, the Military Affairs Department had always been in a half-dead state, which made him very disappointed .

As the territory continued to expand, Ouyang Shuo didn't have the energy to personally participate in the building of troops, and could only pass the responsibilities to the generals .

The cons were that his control of the military had lessened . Luckily, the major generals of the 3 divisions were picked up and trained by him, so there wouldn't be many problems in the short term .

Ouyang Shuo tossed aside his thoughts and said, "The barracks of the City Protection Division will be moved outside the city . The barracks in the core region will be left for the Guards regiment . "

Zhao Sihu nodded; he had expected this to happen . The City Protection Division and Guards regiment had different jobs, one internal and one external, so handing the core area over to the Guards regiment was going to happen sooner or later .

The Lianzhou Lord’s Manor and Shanhai House split up duties for law and order, which was already planned .

The Guards regiment was the other trump card Ouyang Shuo had to control the military . As long as this elite unit was in his hands, he had the strength to challenge anyone .

Once the various divisions settled down, it would be time to expand the Guards regiment .

Gaia first year 12th month 10th day, west suburbs new soldier camp

Out of 3250 soldiers, apart from those that died in the Battle of Changping, 2470 elites remained . They were going to face their first round of tests, which included a 5 kg weight run, a 400-meter obstacle run, and 40 push-ups .

During the training period, the soldiers had practiced this multiple times and were familiar with it . The key of the test would be whether the soldiers would be able to meet the standards .

Based on information, the soldiers that joined were all rank 8 elite soldiers and above . War elite soldiers took up 10% and could be said to be the strongest elites .

Ouyang Shuo was witnessing the entire process with Baiqi beside him .

Based on the teaching squadron captain Viper, Baiqi entering the camp gave them motivation and a lot of new ideas . The standards of the exam were modified after his suggestions .

After a day of tests, only 1845 soldiers passed with a total failing rate of 25% .

Those who failed returned back to their original units .

After entering, the new soldier unit's job was done and it was disbanded . The soldiers that passed would be sent to new camps where they would undergo the next stage of their devilish training .

Being enlightened by the modern learning style of the new soldier camp, Baiqi had personally set up a new training schedule and plan, as well as an exercise regime to be ready to be pushed out to the entire army .



* * *





Chapter 295




Chapter 295-

Chapter 295- A Friend From Afar

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Among the hundred thousand mountains in the north, at the intersection between Lingnan and Guangxi, was a land known as Wuzhou .

Half a year ago, Wuzhou was empty, and suddenly a mysterious tribe appeared . Under the tribe leader, they cleared out raiders, building a fortress and started farming and growing mulberry trees .

The leader was an amazing person, having a high prestige amongst the mountain barbarians . As the stronghold was built, the mountain barbarians around them all heard about the news and came to visit to see this mysterious leader .

The hundreds of mountain barbarian tribes who lived in the hundred thousand mountains thus felt that they had a new home, and they all moved to the Wuzhou Fortress without hesitation .

As time passed, 55 of the mountain barbarians tribes actually moved over, and even the biggest tribe with over 10 thousand men moved .

Last month, this migration started to spread to the southern region .

As the large numbers of mountain barbarians moved, it became a huge city . On the city walls were many black Phoenix flags exposed, their wings flying in the wind .

It was close to winter, the wild grass was all withered yellow, the birds stopped migrating, and the wilderness was a silent image .

Lianzhou Basin was located south of Guangxi and had the monsoon climate, but it wasn't affected by the winter . Entering the 12th month, the temperature was still maintained at 20 odd celsius .

Lianzhou Basin looked like it was all calm, but large things were taking place .

The Military Intelligence Division reported that the grassland tribes had stopped fighting and had signs of collaborating .

Under the orders of Baiqi, they appeared on the grasslands for training and to scare the tribes, also to try and pull the tribes closer to them .

The western region of the Tian Qi tribe had been rebuilt, and adding their east region along with Kehan's Guards, they had 12 thousand men, the same as the 2nd division .

Out of the 7 mid-sized tribes, each would have no less than 3000, adding this together would mean over 20 thousand men .

Before battles, the grassland tribes could also hold a recruitment, with the tradition that every nomad tribe had soldiers double the size of the military .

If the grassland tribes worked together, the 2nd division wouldn't be able to defend against that .

The Broken Blade County to the east were also making moves .

Because of the limitations of his rank, Broken Blade County was unable to upgrade to a grade 3 city . The strength of Shanhai territory had made Ba Dao unable to sleep at night . To protect his territory, he could only take risks and go for short term rewards .

He colluded with the Yanhuang Alliance and crazily built up subsidiary territories . Apart from 3 1st tier subsidiary territories, even the nine 2nd tier subsidiary territories were built, slowly growing towards a city .

The most direct benefit would be the enormous population growth to build an army . With the soldiers from the mountain barbarians tribes as well as the gold from the gold mines, Broken Blade County had already reach a division’s strength and could compete against Shanhai City .

If one said that Ba Dao was stepping on steel thread, then Ouyang Shuo was playing with fire .

The current situation had everything to do with Ouyang Shuo . After taking down Tianfeng City, he had the chance to take down Broken Blade County, only that he didn't want his poisonous insect plan to die, and hence allowed the city to survive .

If he didn't put a stop to it, it could be rearing a dangerous tiger .

What made Ouyang Shuo most worried were the hundred thousand mountains .

The huge mountain barbarians tribes were moving deep into the mountains . The Military Intelligence Division director Leng Qian had personally brought troops into the mountains to investigate, but still hadn't returned .

Ouyang Shuo had a feeling that deep within the mountains, there was an enemy staring at him .

As huge changes occured in Lianzhou Basin, an old man quietly entered Shanhai City .

He was 50 with a round face, and his brows formed a ‘ba’ word; he dressed very simply, a rough cloth shirt with a green scarf .

After entering the city, he excitedly walked around the city and looked at the vibrant business street . Seeing the residents so happy and everything so orderly, he couldn't help but nod his head .

Following which, he walked into the Xinan University and upon seeing a boy, asked, "I heard that there's a book collection house, may I know where it is?"

The young man was a student in the economy college, seeing that the man was that of the olden culture, he didn't dare to be slow and said, "It's at the Moon Lake, I'll bring you there!"

Ouyang Shuo had said that the book collection hall would be open to everyone . Hence, such people like the old men who visited were quite common .

"Thank you!"

The young man brought him into the book collection hall before turning around and leaving .

When he walked in, he was very emotional and excited .

He wasn't a normal person, but the war sage Sun Wu . The descendants all knew him as Sunzi . He, Kongzi, and Laozi were the 3 brightest stars during the end of the Spring Autumn time period .

Sun Wu and Jiang Shang had a deep connection .

Firstly, Jiang Shang was known as the ancestor of the philosophy of war . Sunzi, on the other hand, was the representative figure of the philosophy of war .

Secondly, Jiang Shang was the creator of the Qi country and Sun Wu was from the Qi .

All things considered, both of them had a huge connection . Hence, after knowing that Jiang Shang became the landlord, Sun Wu immediately made use of the secret system to come to Shanhai City for a visit .

Strictly speaking, Sun Wu could be considered half a hermit .

Before he was 30, Sun Wu wasn't famous, and when he was a hermit, he wrote the Art of War . After this, he became a general in the Wu country, and in 30 odd years he had won battle after battle . He retired and then became a hermit again to edit and hang his works .

His whole life was filled with legends and stories .

The master of philosophy Jiang Shang and the war sage Sun Wu, two saints had crossed time and met .

"Student greets Taigong!" Sun Wu gave a student greeting .

Jiang Shang used a famous quote from , defining their relationship, "A friend who came from afar, there's no need for such things!"

The two of them met and had unknowingly started talking about the philosophy of war, until the dead of night .

Unknowingly it was sunset .

Jiang Shang turned his head and looked outside . The red sunlight covered half the sky, and he said emotionally, "To have such meeting in my life, it's enough . "

"It is mutual!" Sun Wu was also pleased .

"So now, would you be willing to allow me to visit your island?"

"I don't mind, it’s whether you want to . "

Both of them laughed, Like two old friends meeting up, everything was an available topic .

Following Jiang Shang up to Fallen Star Island, Sun Wu admired the lake and commented in awe, "Such a place is the best to be a hermit; you are so blessed . "

Jiang Shang shook his head, looking a little melancholy, "The Lianzhou marquis planned this . "

"Oh?" Sun Wu looked surprised . "The Shanhai Territory is very famous, when I entered and looked around, it seemed that everything was true . Taigong being a hermit here, what thoughts do you have about this Lianzhou lord?"

"Why, you want to come out to work here?"

"No . " Sun Wu shook his head . "I've no intentions to join the army; I want to be like you and be a hermit . If you don't mind, I'm willing to move to this island and read books and write military manuals . I heard the book collection house has tens of thousands scrolls . I want to get inspiration from them . "

"Such a talent living in a small island, isn't it a waste?"

"Aren't you the same?"

"I'm different from you . I have a knot with the Lianzhou Marquis that hasn't been released, hence I'm not coming out . Even so, I've accepted the job of landlord!" Jiang Shang said honestly .

Sun Wu kept silent and after contemplating . Then, he said resolutely, "I'm still willing to follow my heart, leading troops on the battlefield isn't my goal; spreading the art of war is my life goal . "

Jiang Shang nodded . "As it suits you, such things couldn't be forced . I think that tomorrow the Lianzhou Marquis will come visit you and invite you to be a general for him . "

"It's okay . I have my plans . "

"He is quite cumbersome and is a special person, so don't reject him upfront . "

Sun Wu's eyes froze . He hadn't expected that Jiang Shang would have such high praise for this lord . "Hearing your words, I would really like to take a look . "

"He won't let you down . Additionally, Baiqi had already became the general, pushing out an interesting training system . I’m sure you will be interested in it . "

As expected from Jiangsheng, not going out but still being able to know everything .

As they talked, both men talked about tactics until late into the night .

The next day, Ouyang Shuo received a secret report from Fallen Star Island about a visitor around 50, wearing a robe who had a long conversation with Jiangsheng .

Ouyang Shuo got emotional after looking at the report . If it was as he expected, after the activation of the philosopher debate, to be able to talk so much with Jiangsheng had to be a special person .

"Men!"

"Hai!"

"Call general Baiqi here!"

"Yes, my lord!"

Ouyang Shuo was ready to bring Baiqi to go visit this mysterious man in hopes that such a person and role model like Baiqi could show the strength of Shanhai territory and increase his persuasiveness .

"Marquis!" Baiqi rushed here .

"Follow me to the book collection house . "

"Oh? Someone came?" Baiqi's thoughts were sharp and he immediately guessed the reason .

Baiqi was considered one of the representative figures of the military . When Jiang Shang became the landlord, he took time to visit Baiqi . The two of them had a conversation about tactics and had an intense discourse .

"That's right . "

"I would like to go and see who it is . "



* * *





Chapter 296




Chapter 296-

Chapter 296- The Night Before the Reshuffling

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Moon Lake, Book collection hall

Jiang Shang and Sun Wu had a long conversation, and both of them had developed a close relationship . Seeing Ouyang Shuo and Baiqi visit, they both looked at each other and smiled .

"Greetings, Taigong!"

Jiang Shang nodded his head, pointing at Sun Wu next to him and saying, "This is Sun Wu . "

Ouyang Shuo his heart trembled . "Greetings, war saint!" Baiqi, who was filling behind Ouyang Shuo, bowed immediately upon seeing that the person was the master philosopher of war, Sunzi .

Sunzi tilted slightly to the side . "I suddenly come to visit and made you come personally, sorry for the inconvenience . "

"The gates of Shanhai City are always opened to any talent in the world . " Ouyang Shuo continued . "You have came from afar, I've prepared a mansion in the official residence area for you; I hope you will accept it . "

"I accept your good intentions . Unfortunately I've already retired and have no plans to return, I just want to be a hermit and live together with Taigong on the Fallen Star Island . I hope you accept it . " Sun Wu rejected him .

Ouyang Shuo sighed in his heart . "We do not force anyone, and everyone must all be willing . Since you want to be a hermit, I won't interfere; I just feel a little regretful . "

This magnanimity was something Ouyang Shuo had .

Ouyang Shuo's answer wasn't what he had expected, instantly winning his good favor . “Thank you lord for allowing me!"

"Don't mind me asking, are you being a hermit to correct and change ?"

"That's right!" Sun Wu replied honestly .

"You changing and improving the philosophy of war, is it to pass it on to the next generation?"

"That's right!" Sun Wu's eyes froze .

Ouyang Shuo nodded and suddenly his direction changed . "What do you think of our University?"

"Your views are advanced and teach both knowledge and values . " A glimpse of suspicion appeared in his eyes .

"Since that is so, there's an even better place for you to live at!"

"Please speak!"

"Beside Xinan University is another empty space, we were preparing to build another university there . To rule this land, one needed be well rounded . Xinan University is a place of knowledge, but the other university would be a general cradle . "

"The marquis is a genius!" Sun Wu didn't understand and asked, "What does that have to do with my living arrangements?"

Ouyang Shuo explained, "The planned university would be called the Army Military Academy and its the education institution in training army generals, and also where martial arts is taught at . The academy will be split into infantry, cavalry, engineer and supplies, with 3 classes A,B and C .

"Classes A and B will focus on military discipline like metaphysics, fortification, weapons, military science, hygiene and so on . They will also learn the military process like the "Dian", "Fan" and "Ling" . The C class will learn the basic disciplines and basic military processes like chinese, ethics, painting, equipment, arithmetic, history, infantry exercises, array orders and so on . Then they will be split up into their specific subjects . "

As Ouyang Shuo finished, Sun Wu didn't say a word; even Jiang Shang and Baiqi were totally absorbed .

Especially Baiqi who was in charge of conscripting and building the 3 divisions . He knew that what the army lacked was generals . If they were able to build such a military academy, it would be a huge achievement .

Sun Wu kept silent . This was because most of what he wrote in the Art of War was included in the teaching program and this was a perfect place for him to spread his teachings .

Not only that, he could make use of this academy to perfect his book and teachings .

Jiang Shang looked at Ouyang Shuo with a complicated expression before turning to Sun Wu, "Just as the marquis has said, the Army Military Academy is perfect for you to be a hermit at . "

"Not only that, I promise that the moment the academy is completed, I'll build another building and move all the military and war related books and secret manuals over . " Ouyang Shuo threw down another bait .

Sun Wu laughed . "The marquis is expectedly amazing . I'll admit it, I've been convinced . "

Ouyang Shuo was delighted, and instantly a notification sounded out in his ear .

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for convincing saint rank historical person Sun Wu to live in Shanhai Territory, rewarded 3000 merit points, 15 thousand reputation points . "

Following which was another one .

"System notification: War Saint Sun Wu has decided to move to Shanhai territory triggering [Ancient Philosophers]-philosophy of war extension, people believing in the philosophy of war will start to appear in the wilderness!"

The moment the notification sounded, the world was in an uproar .

The quiet country channel instantly started buzzing .

"Brother Wuyi, accept me!"

"Such an amazing life need no explanation, brother Wuyi is a beast!"

"Why is all the good things taken by Qiyue Wuyi, I, Zhao Ritian, can't accept it!"

"Brother Wuyi fan club is recruiting, please contact sister Ruhua"

"Ruhua, why are you here, go home and take your medicine!"

"Brother Wuyi support group is recruiting please contact sister Furong"

"Ugh, I've vomited . "

"All of you wait and see, after Sun Wu, Wuqi is mine, old Wang's!"

"Old Wang!!"

"Brother Wuyi, you have convinced little sister, I request a night!"

……

The adventure mode players didn't care much and hence just added in to the fun . Ouyang Shuo had became the brightest star in the Chinese region, so everyone one was used to him pulling off such magic once in a while .

The lords on the other hand, weren't feeling good .

If one said which branch of the philosophies lord players emphasized, it was the philosophy of war .

The people it represented not only included Sun Wu, and Sima Rangju, but during the Warring States Period included Wuqi, WeiLiao, Zhao She, Baiqi, and even Zhang Liang and Han Xin .

Not one would have imagined that the brightest star in the philosophy of war- war saint Sun Wu would live in Shanhai Territory so early on . Obviously the players would be unhappy and feel that it was unfair .

If others knew that Baiqi was a general in Shanhai Territory, it would probably rile up another storm .

Apart from jealousy, the lords were excited . The system notification made it clear that the philosophers of war appeared in the wilderness .

Jingdu Region, Handan County .

Di Chen sighed, the joy of recruiting Lianpo had disappeared . He muttered, "Qiyue Wuyi, you are really an opponent that draws hate . However I won't lose to you, the good stuff is yet to come . This is what makes it interesting isn't it?"

Standing beside him, apart from the advisor Juedai Fenghua, was the sect leader of Jianqi Zongheng- Yijian Xilai .

After a few rounds of discussion, Handan County had finally started cooperating with Jianqi Zongheng .

Xiangyang Region, Pill Sun City .

Chun Shenjun was in the back garden of the lord's manor welcoming a special guest . He was the guild leader of 18 horsemen of Yanyun- Yanzi Lisan .

Out of the 10 biggest guilds, the territory belonging to their guild was the biggest and all their members were generals . As the adventure mode players continued to level up and equipment started to improve, their combat power couldn't be underestimated .

Adventure mode players had gotten past the infancy period and started to step onto the big stage .

A new round of reshuffling was happening quietly .

Just like the cooperation between Shanhai City and Snow-war Rose Mercenary group, the guild and the territory helping one another could strengthen both of them .

Lords with vision like Di Chen and Chun Shenjun took the opportunity; for those who were slower who waited for adventure mode players to show their strength, the cake would have mostly been eaten .

The strong could make their strength rise before things changed and cause the times to change; the weak ones follow the changing tide and get pushed along .

Chun Shenjun's vision was special .

His family was based in commerce; their powerful members all had to do with commerce . In terms of military or administrative matters, he couldn't compete with Di Chen and Zhan Lang, probably even not Xiong Ba .

Hence, he had chosen the 18 horsemen of Yanyun to cover his weaknesses .

Similarly, they had a high demand for equipment because of their occupation, and working with the rich Pill Sun City was a good idea .

When Yanzi Lisan heard the system notification, he teased . "That lord is really restless!"

"This kind of restlessness who doesn't wait!" Chun Shenjun mocked himself .

In the Battle of Changping, he had finally managed to recruit Zhao Kuo . However, he was weaker than Lianpo whom Di Chen recruited . For Qiyue Wuyi to pull that off made him even more demoralized .

Jianye Region, Blood Red County

In front of a Zhan Lang was a middle-aged general who looked fierce .

The middle-aged general, upon hearing the system notification laughed . "War Saint Sun Wu? I really want to take a look . "

"An old antique from thousands of years ago, how could he compare to you?" Zhan Lang was confident . In terms of commanding, his teacher was better than any general in history .

"We can't say that . " The middle-aged general shook his hand . "The Art of War is able to lead modern wars, why is that so? Especially in the cold weapons wars, we can't look down on these historical generals . "

"Teacher is too humble . I feel that the military trained with modern science and methods is stronger than the old army . " Zhan Lang insisted .

The middle-aged general slightly shook his head . If you don't believe me, so be it .



* * *





Chapter 297




Chapter 297-298

Chapter 297 - Hongmen Feast



Translator: TeamTWOEditor: Jun



Ouyang Shuo didn't know what was happening and stirring outside, so he peacefully checked out Sun Wu's stats.

Name: Sun Wu (Saint rank)

Title: War Saint

Dynasty: Spring Autumn (Qi)

Identity: Shanhai City Army Military Academy Principal

Occupation: Special General

Loyalty: 65

Command: 100

Force: 75

Intelligence: 95

Politics: 80

Specialty: ----

Book: Art of War

Evaluation: Sun Zi was a person from the Qi country, he was named Wu, helped the King of Wu write pages about the philosophy of war. Any army personnel from the olden times believed in the theories and teachings of Sun Wu. He was good at turning wars into his favor and surviving when the war was against him. His offensive and defensive strategies during war time numbered in the hundreds.

After checking out Sun Wu's stats, Ouyang Shuo was both delighted and worried.

As expected from a Saint rank historical person, his stats were terrifying. Out of his four stats, he didn't have one weakness and his command stat was maxed out.

Unfortunately, he had chosen to live in Shanhai City and wasn't willing to be a general, hence he wasn't considered to be recruited. Thus, his loyalty stat was low, and his specialty wasn't activated which couldn't help buff the territory.

After Sun Wu agreed, Ouyang Shuo immediately set up the Army Military Academy Preparation Committee who was in charge of the building of the academy.

The entire preparation process was split into two parts, one was the hardware and one was the software.

The hardware was obviously the facilities inside the academy. As they had experience with Xinan University, Ouyang Shuo didn't worry and passed on the job to the Construction Division and Architectural College.

The only difficulty was that the building of the academy clashed with the construction of the outer wall. Ouyang Shuo could only bear the weight and told the Construction Division to place the academy as the priority.

The software was more complicated. They needed a teacher squad. For the whole military academy to be held together by one Sun Wu was definitely impossible and he needed a strong teaching staff.

The Army Military Academy had 4 subjects, infantry, cavalry, engineering and supplies. Each subject needed a subject head. Each course also needed lecturers.

Sun Wu took up the role of principal of the Army Military Academy and temporarily acted as the infantry subject head, in charge of teaching them about weapons and discipline. The major of the god machine unit Wang Feng would be removed and would be the subject head of engineering to teach basic mechanics.

With Wang Feng leaving the god machine unit, Ouyang Shuo just disbanded it and passed all the members into the City Protection Division.

The core members of Fallen Moon Guild- mapographer Jiu Duanxian would be the teacher for topography; the deputy director of the medical department Old Qian would teach hygiene.

Chinese, ethics, arithmetic and history would be held at Xinan University. Infantry drills and military service teachers would be chosen from the members who were eliminated from the special forces trial. They had underwent strict and regimental training in both areas during their time in the west suburb camp.

The empty two subject head slots and many teachers could only be recruited from outside, as Ouyang Shuo couldn't shift too many generals to work in the academy.

Ouyang Shuo informed the many offices at the various system capitals and ordered them to spread the news that War Saint Sun Wu had set up an Army Military Academy in Shanhai City, hence attracting talents.

Apart from that, Sun Wu also made us of his influence to gather and invite many philosophers of war to the Army Military Academy through the special channel. After all, his main goal wasn't to help develop talent for Shanhai Territory but to spread the philosophy of war.

Apart from the teaching stuff, the student discipline, schedule and timetables, Ouyang Shuo left all the authority to Sun Wu.

The setting up of the Army Military Academy touched Jiangshang, when he talked to Sun Wu, he would raise up some of his views and suggestions.

With Jiangshang and Sun Wu, the two heavyweights, Ouyang Shuo naturally wouldn't butt in.

On the other hand, Ouyang Shuo contacted the guild leader of Rattlesnake Mercenary Group, Black Mamba, and invited him to send members to

take up jobs at the academy.

When he received Ouyang Shuo's invitation, he was amazed. As expected from the Chinese region's number one lord, even before forming the special forces, he managed to make an academy.

Black Mamba was very intrigued with Ouyang Shuo's suggestion. Not mentioning what he said about pay, just for Sun Wu, many would be willing to work at the academy.

The Shanhai City and Rattlesnake Mercenary Group cooperation had started to reach the honeymoon stage.

With that, based on the deep pool of manpower and wealth of Shanhai City, they managed to set up the Army Military Academy.Ouyang Shuo didn't care about the remaining work, and left it all to the preparation team.

Ouyang Shuo's eyes had turned to the other lords in the Lianzhou Basin.

With the setting up of the Tianfeng House, the 20 odd lords in the western side of Lianzhou Basin were in an awkward position.

The area under the Tianfeng House, the north to the middle wilderness, east towards Guangshui City, south towards Yongye forest, and the west towards Xila Lake covered the entire western portion of Lianzhou Basin.

In truth, more than half of the area under Tianfeng House wasn't part of Shanhai City territory. The land between Tianfeng City, Yongye City and Guangshui City were taken by the 20 odd lords.

Hence, Ouyang Shuo wanted to steal their area.

Under Ouyang Shuo's instructions, the 1st division, which was in the city west camp, held raider clearing operations within the territory of Tianfeng House, announcing that the area was under the control of Shanhai Territory.

On the other hand, the 1st division didn't bother about the players in the area, which was really weird.

All of the sudden, the lords were in a terrible situation.

If they fought, they couldn't win; if they ran, they had to give up the base that they fought so hard for.

The weird actions of the 1st division gave these lords hope, maybe the Lianzhou Marquis was nice and wasn't planning to attack them?

They were clear that that was just hopeful thinking and they couldn't count on it.

The 1st division didn't attack these territories, but only those which fell under the territory of Shanhai Territory.

Hence, once Shanhai City upgraded, that would be when they would be destroyed.

The situation the lords were in, Ouyang Shuo knew about it.

Once the 1st division was fully completed, he planned to totally solve the problem of the western player territories.

Based on the opinion of Shi Wanshui, naturally they wanted to wipe them all out to prevent future problems.

Ouyang Shuo couldn't randomly give up his plan of rearing poisonous insects. One must know that the upper limit of a grade 1 prefecture was 500 thousand. Purely relying on the spawning rate wasn't going to cut it.

Fur grows on the goat. Weren't these player territories the best farming spots for population?

After setting up the Tianfeng House, however, Ouyang Shuo couldn't bear for these territories to have their own army, and if he didn't bother about them, they would be a ticking time bomb.

The sneak attack from Yongye Town was a warning to Ouyang Shuo. In the end, they were lords, and no lord would wait to die. They would definitely try to fight back.

All things considered, Ouyang Shuo thought of a plan.

On the 12th day of the 12th month, the 23 lords in the western region received an invitation from Qiyue Wuyi for them to go to Shanhai City on the 15th for a meeting.

The invitation also mentioned that if the lord didn't turn up, It would mean disrespecting the Lianzhou Lord, and the 1st division would personally visit them.

This powerful and forceful invitation stirred up waves in the western region.

The lords panicked and didn't know what Ouyang Shuo wanted.

In their eyes, this was a Hongmen Feast.

What made them helpless was that even though they knew it was bait, they had to attend or the 1st division threat would wipe them out.

Some lords were more at ease. The way they saw it, rather than live in limbo, they might as well just settle everything; even if they would have to die, they would accept it rather than panicking and feeling nervous every day.

Some lords were furious and revealed the contents of the invitation on the forums.

The players in the Chinese region got into a frenzy.

A few days ago, Shanhai

Shanhai City had made news. One didn't expect that a few days later there was another one.

"Lianzhou Marquis brandishes his sword on Lianzhou, his ambitions to be the overlord is showing!"

"Because of Qiyue Wuyi's shameless acts, he's not worth to be the representative of the Chinese region!"

"Lianzhou Lord suppresses the other lords, showing his overlord spirit."

"China wants people to use values to gain respect, but Qiyue Wuyi uses force. He isn't a real man!"

"Qiyue Wuyi is despicable, if you have the balls why not fight the people from other countries!"

"The strong eat the weak, its the law of the jungle. Qiyue Wuyi, we support you!"

……

Apart from such comments, some players even posted posts on the forums about the meaning behind the invitation. Amongst them, Bai Xiaosheng's post was the deepest and pretty much covered everything.

He said that as the only prefecture grade territory in the world, Qiyue Wuyi who could have just destroyed all of them, but decided to solve the problem by discussion.

He predicted that some changes might have occurred after the territory upgraded to prefecture. A possibility would be an increase in the population's upper limit. If not, Qiyue Wuyi wouldn't have wasted such effort.

He even predicted that after the grain crisis, population would be the thing lords fight over, and that a chaotic war period was going to begin.

His predictions started a wave and gained a lot of traction on the forums. Some adventure mode players even predicted that their time has arrived.

Do consider giving us a if you are enjoying TWO! Like last month, we will be releasing 8 bonus chapters if we come first!Know how to map and want to earn some prize money and a chance to read more? click to find out how! Send submissions to !Check out the other novel that Nora edits, ! Its a bit of a different novel with an early time skip to where MC is strong. It draws from Chinese beliefs of Daoism and features many references to folklore creatures and the Chinese belief of the afterlife.

Chapter 298- The Merger of Three Cities



Translator: TeamTWOEditor: Jun

To the discussion and debate on the forums, Ouyang Shuo just laughed it off.

Ouyang Shuo not caring didn't mean that others didn't too. Even the Shanhai Alliance members who were frightened by Bai Xiaosheng's prediction abilities immediately sought out Ouyang Shuo.

Out of the Shanhai Alliance, Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang were the most anxious. Their territories had already upgraded to grade 3 cities, and were working towards grade 1 prefectures.

Ouyang Shuo naturally wouldn't hide anything and told them everything from the upgrade mission and the changes to the city to let them make preparations.

After Ouyang Shuo finished, the alliance channel was dead silent. They didn't expect that the upgrade quest would be so difficult and for the changes to the territory to be so huge.

Out of the 4 quests, even though Ouyang Shuo completed them seemingly easily, it would be impossible to complete even 1 for other territories. The recruitment of historical people, the impossible task of asking a chamber of commerce to move in, completing the culture festival, all these wouldn't have been possible without Cui Yingyu and the Mazu Temple.

The last division trial seemed the easiest but it wasn't. Even the strongest division in Shanhai City, the 2nd division, had difficulties completing it, let alone for other territories.

In conclusion, the other territories didn't have the depth of strength that Shanhai City had.

Luckily, apart from Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang, the others were far away from upgrading to prefecture so they had a long time to prepare for it.

Taking a thousand steps back, as long as one completed two quests, the could upgrade so they shouldn't be too hard on themselves.

Dali Region, Consonance City

The four flowers gathered in their back garden to digest the news that they had just heard.

Bai Hua sighed. "The prefecture upgrade quest really makes one feel despair!"

"What are you scared about, we will solve it

solve it when we get there." Hong Ying said confidently.

"Although the upgrade quest is random, it wouldn't be too far off. The 4 quests of Shanhai City have huge value, so we can make specific preparations." Tsing Yi said.

"That's right!"

"Recruiting historical people and the Chamber of Commerce, we can leave those to Qingfeng Pavillion. They are familiar with Dali, so it wouldn't be too hard for them to get close to a Chamber of Commerce."

"En, I'll write a letter to my brother later." Tsing Yi's analysis gave a little bit of confidence to Bai Hua.

"Giving the army group trial to Zhang Liao shouldn't be a big problem. The last culture festival would need the four of us to plan."

After Tsing Yi's analysis, for Consonance City to complete at least two quests wasn't too difficult.

"Great!" Luo Zilan laughed walking over and rubbing Tsing Yi's head. "What's this little brat's head made of, why is she so smart? Such a hard problem, after a few words from her becomes easy instantly."

"Sister!" Tsing Yi muttered, instantly changing from a cold rational girl into a cute next door neighbour.

Luoyang Region, Fallen Phoenix City

Compared to Tsing Yi's easy analysis, Feng Qiuhuang had it a lot harder.

After leaving her family, she finally understood how much pressure was on her, making her unable to breathe.

If it wasn't that she was resilient and didn't want to lose, she probably wouldn't have been able to hold on.

In a blink of an eye, 4 months had passed since that day.

Fallen Phoenix City, under her charge, had underwent a huge change.

The bad part in all the good things was that her position was overtaken by Consonance City.

In the Battle of Changping, she made use of her insider information to convince Wang He, winning something back for herself.

Recruiting Wang He meant that the military was not the weakness of the territory anymore, and she could focus solely on administrative matters.

Apart from that, with Wang He, Fallen Phoenix City could play a bigger part in the next battle.

Although she didn't know much about military matters, she was confident in administrative matters. From youth, she had watched, learned, and experienced a lot.

Even so; facing the upgrade quest, she wasn't confident.

She wanted to compete with Bai Hua in this race to upgrade. It wasn't that she didn't like Bai Hua, it was just that them two were the best women players, so she didn't want to lose.

"I've no choice, I must make use of that hidden piece!" Feng Qiuhuang muttered.

The next day, Ouyang Shuo was in his reading room and listening to the report regarding the city wall.

The new design by Old Li had changed what Ouyang Shuo had originally planned and instead used an entire outer wall to block up Shanhai Region, Qiushui Region, and Friendship Region to form a huge city.

Between the 3 cities there definitely was a distance, around 10-15 kilometers, which Ouyang Shuo specifically left to be a strategic area. Now all this was included within the wall.

The outer wall was north of the 2nd wall at the Shanhai Region, east of the north side of the Friendship Region wall and on the same line as that of the Qiushui Region wall.

In such a way, the entire wall stretched 25 kilometers from east to west, 30 kilometers from north to south and took up 750 square kilometers.

This was 75 times larger than what Ouyang Shuo had planned for Shanhai City.

As it must be connected to the current city walls, the outer wall was 12 meters high and 6 meters wide, totally different to that of the design of Tianfeng City.

"This is too crazy!"

"If we don't plan it like this, merging the 3 cities would be a lie. In the hearts of the people, if they aren't protected by the same wall, how could they be said to live in the same city?" Old Li insisted.

"However, did you consider that based on your plan, the city is indeed one, it also takes up enough space, but the defensive ability has been weakened? How could such narrow walls fit with the stature of our future capital? Not only that, based on the design, the current core region has became the corner of the city. The moment an enemy attacks, they could easily reach the Lord's Manor." Ouyang Shuo was aShuo was a little emotional.

"Ouyang, relax." Sun Xiaoyue calmed down the situation and explained, "Actually, we have already taken into account your worries when designing."

"How so?" Ouyang Shuo tried his best to calm himself down.

"If we wanted to talk about the defensive ability to the city, the future Shanhai City is definitely not strong and is just barely passable. However, a city's defense should be evaluated based on its environment. Think about it, the Lianzhou Basin is already ours. With the geography of the place, we only need to take note of Zhennan Pass, and everything is settled. Hence, why would Shanhai City's defense matter? If the enemy really broke through Zhennan Pass, we just need to make the walls thicker."

"But."

"And also," Sun Xiaoyue didn't give Ouyang Shuo any chance to counter and continued, "As for the core region ending up in a corner, it's only your old thinking. Think about it. Which modern city has its core right at the middle?"

Thinking about it, what Sun Xiaoyue said made sense. With the uniqueness of Lianzhou Basin, Ouyang Shuo really didn't think that anyone could reach Shanhai City. If anyone could, then they would probably lose anyways.

Ouyang Shuo didn't expect Sun Xiaoyue, that brat, to have such a sharp mind.

"Xiaoyue, you make sense." Ouyang Shuo didn't insist on his views or try to regain any face.

"Of course!"

"Ok, we will work as planned. How much do you all estimate the load to be?"

"Don't worry, the workload isn't as much as you expected." Sun Xiaoyue calmed him down first. "The outer city wall has three sides, a total of 85 kilometers long. Not including the 3 city walls currently built, only 69 kilometers are needed and it's only 4 times that of the second wall of Shanhai Region."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "What about the Wengcheng? Did you factor that in?"

"Of course. Based on the design, we will have at least 20 gates and 11-12 main gates. Each main gate needs to have a Wengcheng. Apart from that, we need to build a watergate where the rivers meet the city gates. Additionally, we will need 7-8 more bridges to increase the connection and convenience between cities."

Ouyang Shuo listened until his hair and skin was numb and waved it off. "Okay okay, you just go over this stuff with the Construction Division. Then, go to the Financial Department for funds and the Administration Department for manpower. We must finish this before the spring sowing."

Such a huge project was going to use so much gold. Ouyang Shuo actually wanted to leave a portion of the 12th month's profits for the system auction, but it seemed like it wasn't going to happen.

One mustn't forget that apart from the city wall, there was also an Army Military Academy waiting to be built.

"Me, me?" Sun Xiaoyue said with uncertainty and nervousness. Such a big project was hard to coordinate and she didn't have much confidence.

"Yes, you, the leader of this city wall protect." Ouyang Shuo needed to pass this project to someone he could trust. Furthermore she was very lazy usually, so he needed to give her more to do.

"What, you didn't ask for my opinion and just gave me work." Sun Xiaoyue grumbled.

"Why, you aren't willing to help me?"

"I'll help, who is afraid of who?" Sun Xiaoyue wasn't one to be triggered.

"Ok then, that's settled."

After discussing the city wall, Ouyang Shuo took the chance to discuss with Old Li about the planning problems of Shanhai City.

However, this was bigger than the city wall by thousands of times. Just the design would need construction, architecture, planning, administration, waterworks, etc., and many professionals to work together for it to be completed.

Do consider giving us a if you are enjoying TWO! Like last month, we will be releasing 8 bonus chapters if we come first!Know how to map and want to earn some prize money and a chance to read more? click to find out how! Send submissions to !Check out the other novel that Nora edits, ! Its a bit of a different novel with an early time skip to where MC is strong. It draws from Chinese beliefs of Daoism and features many references to folklore creatures and the Chinese belief of the afterlife.



* * *





Chapter 298




Chapter 298-

Chapter 298- The Merger of Three Cities

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

To the discussion and debate on the forums, Ouyang Shuo just laughed it off .

Ouyang Shuo not caring didn't mean that others didn't too . Even the Shanhai Alliance members who were frightened by Bai Xiaosheng's prediction abilities immediately sought out Ouyang Shuo .

Out of the Shanhai Alliance, Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang were the most anxious . Their territories had already upgraded to grade 3 cities, and were working towards grade 1 prefectures .

Ouyang Shuo naturally wouldn't hide anything and told them everything from the upgrade mission and the changes to the city to let them make preparations .

After Ouyang Shuo finished, the alliance channel was dead silent . They didn't expect that the upgrade quest would be so difficult and for the changes to the territory to be so huge .

Out of the 4 quests, even though Ouyang Shuo completed them seemingly easily, it would be impossible to complete even 1 for other territories . The recruitment of historical people, the impossible task of asking a chamber of commerce to move in, completing the culture festival, all these wouldn't have been possible without Cui Yingyu and the Mazu Temple .

The last division trial seemed the easiest but it wasn’t . Even the strongest division in Shanhai City, the 2nd division, had difficulties completing it, let alone for other territories .

In conclusion, the other territories didn't have the depth of strength that Shanhai City had .

Luckily, apart from Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang, the others were far away from upgrading to prefecture so they had a long time to prepare for it .

Taking a thousand steps back, as long as one completed two quests, the could upgrade so they shouldn't be too hard on themselves .

Dali Region, Consonance City

The four flowers gathered in their back garden to digest the news that they had just heard .

Bai Hua sighed . "The prefecture upgrade quest really makes one feel despair!"

"What are you scared about, we will solve it when we get there . " Hong Ying said confidently .

"Although the upgrade quest is random, it wouldn't be too far off . The 4 quests of Shanhai City have huge value, so we can make specific preparations . " Tsing Yi said .

"That's right!"

"Recruiting historical people and the Chamber of Commerce, we can leave those to Qingfeng Pavillion . They are familiar with Dali, so it wouldn't be too hard for them to get close to a Chamber of Commerce . "

"En, I'll write a letter to my brother later . " Tsing Yi's analysis gave a little bit of confidence to Bai Hua .

"Giving the army group trial to Zhang Liao shouldn't be a big problem . The last culture festival would need the four of us to plan . "

After Tsing Yi's analysis, for Consonance City to complete at least two quests wasn't too difficult .

"Great!" Luo Zilan laughed walking over and rubbing Tsing Yi's head . "What's this little brat's head made of, why is she so smart? Such a hard problem, after a few words from her becomes easy instantly . "

"Sister!" Tsing Yi muttered, instantly changing from a cold rational girl into a cute next door neighbour .

Luoyang Region, Fallen Phoenix City

Compared to Tsing Yi's easy analysis, Feng Qiuhuang had it a lot harder .

After leaving her family, she finally understood how much pressure was on her, making her unable to breathe .

If it wasn't that she was resilient and didn't want to lose, she probably wouldn't have been able to hold on .

In a blink of an eye, 4 months had passed since that day .

Fallen Phoenix City, under her charge, had underwent a huge change .

The bad part in all the good things was that her position was overtaken by Consonance City .

In the Battle of Changping, she made use of her insider information to convince Wang He, winning something back for herself .

Recruiting Wang He meant that the military was not the weakness of the territory anymore, and she could focus solely on administrative matters .

Apart from that, with Wang He, Fallen Phoenix City could play a bigger part in the next battle .

Although she didn't know much about military matters, she was confident in administrative matters . From youth, she had watched, learned, and experienced a lot .

Even so; facing the upgrade quest, she wasn't confident .

She wanted to compete with Bai Hua in this race to upgrade . It wasn't that she didn't like Bai Hua, it was just that them two were the best women players, so she didn't want to lose .

"I've no choice, I must make use of that hidden piece!" Feng Qiuhuang muttered .

The next day, Ouyang Shuo was in his reading room and listening to the report regarding the city wall .

The new design by Old Li had changed what Ouyang Shuo had originally planned and instead used an entire outer wall to block up Shanhai Region, Qiushui Region, and Friendship Region to form a huge city .

Between the 3 cities there definitely was a distance, around 10-15 kilometers, which Ouyang Shuo specifically left to be a strategic area . Now all this was included within the wall .

The outer wall was north of the 2nd wall at the Shanhai Region, east of the north side of the Friendship Region wall and on the same line as that of the Qiushui Region wall .

In such a way, the entire wall stretched 25 kilometers from east to west, 30 kilometers from north to south and took up 750 square kilometers .

This was 75 times larger than what Ouyang Shuo had planned for Shanhai City .

As it must be connected to the current city walls, the outer wall was 12 meters high and 6 meters wide, totally different to that of the design of Tianfeng City .

"This is too crazy!"

"If we don't plan it like this, merging the 3 cities would be a lie . In the hearts of the people, if they aren't protected by the same wall, how could they be said to live in the same city?" Old Li insisted .

"However, did you consider that based on your plan, the city is indeed one, it also takes up enough space, but the defensive ability has been weakened? How could such narrow walls fit with the stature of our future capital? Not only that, based on the design, the current core region has became the corner of the city . The moment an enemy attacks, they could easily reach the Lord's Manor . " Ouyang Shuo was a little emotional .

"Ouyang, relax . " Sun Xiaoyue calmed down the situation and explained, "Actually, we have already taken into account your worries when designing . "

"How so?" Ouyang Shuo tried his best to calm himself down .

"If we wanted to talk about the defensive ability to the city, the future Shanhai City is definitely not strong and is just barely passable . However, a city's defense should be evaluated based on its environment . Think about it, the Lianzhou Basin is already ours . With the geography of the place, we only need to take note of Zhennan Pass, and everything is settled . Hence, why would Shanhai City's defense matter? If the enemy really broke through Zhennan Pass, we just need to make the walls thicker . "

"But . "

"And also," Sun Xiaoyue didn't give Ouyang Shuo any chance to counter and continued, "As for the core region ending up in a corner, it’s only your old thinking . Think about it . Which modern city has its core right at the middle?"

Thinking about it, what Sun Xiaoyue said made sense . With the uniqueness of Lianzhou Basin, Ouyang Shuo really didn't think that anyone could reach Shanhai City . If anyone could, then they would probably lose anyways .

Ouyang Shuo didn't expect Sun Xiaoyue, that brat, to have such a sharp mind .

"Xiaoyue, you make sense . " Ouyang Shuo didn't insist on his views or try to regain any face .

"Of course!"

"Ok, we will work as planned . How much do you all estimate the load to be?"

"Don't worry, the workload isn't as much as you expected . " Sun Xiaoyue calmed him down first . "The outer city wall has three sides, a total of 85 kilometers long . Not including the 3 city walls currently built, only 69 kilometers are needed and it's only 4 times that of the second wall of Shanhai Region . "

Ouyang Shuo nodded . "What about the Wengcheng? Did you factor that in?"

"Of course . Based on the design, we will have at least 20 gates and 11-12 main gates . Each main gate needs to have a Wengcheng . Apart from that, we need to build a watergate where the rivers meet the city gates . Additionally, we will need 7-8 more bridges to increase the connection and convenience between cities . "

Ouyang Shuo listened until his hair and skin was numb and waved it off . "Okay okay, you just go over this stuff with the Construction Division . Then, go to the Financial Department for funds and the Administration Department for manpower . We must finish this before the spring sowing . "

Such a huge project was going to use so much gold . Ouyang Shuo actually wanted to leave a portion of the 12th month’s profits for the system auction, but it seemed like it wasn't going to happen .

One mustn’t forget that apart from the city wall, there was also an Army Military Academy waiting to be built .

"Me, me?" Sun Xiaoyue said with uncertainty and nervousness . Such a big project was hard to coordinate and she didn't have much confidence .

"Yes, you, the leader of this city wall protect . " Ouyang Shuo needed to pass this project to someone he could trust . Furthermore she was very lazy usually, so he needed to give her more to do .

"What, you didn't ask for my opinion and just gave me work . " Sun Xiaoyue grumbled .

"Why, you aren't willing to help me?"

"I’ll help, who is afraid of who?" Sun Xiaoyue wasn't one to be triggered .

"Ok then, that's settled . "

After discussing the city wall, Ouyang Shuo took the chance to discuss with Old Li about the planning problems of Shanhai City .

However, this was bigger than the city wall by thousands of times . Just the design would need construction, architecture, planning, administration, waterworks, etc . , and many professionals to work together for it to be completed .



* * *





Chapter 299




Chapter 299-

Chapter 299- Releasing Military Control with a Glass of Wine

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Gaia first year 12th month 15th day, Shanhai County .

The 23 military lords in the western region of the Lianzhou Basin all gathered in Shanhai County for a meeting .

None of them dared to miss it .

Ouyang Shuo personally received every one of them .

The meeting location was arranged to be the main hall .

As it was a meeting between lords, Ouyang Shuo didn't arrange Fan Zhongyan to receive them .

The many lord territories were basically hovering around grade 3 town, and only a few of them managed to upgrade to a grade 1 city . Seeing the vibrancy and brilliance of Shanhai County, they were shocked .

When they walked into the Lianzhou Lord's Manor and saw such a majestic residence, they felt even more demoralized . Compared to the Lianzhou Lord's Manor, their manor was a broken thatched cottage .

This was when they truly felt the gap between their territories and Shanhai territory .

For many of them, this was the first time they walked out of their own territory . When they were inside, they felt like a king and were arrogant . They were thinking so what if Shanhai County upgraded to prefecture, they are both lords, how different could it be?

Seeing the prosperity of the city, now they finally knew that they were frogs in a well .

The main hall was already neatly arranged with maidservants bringing tea and fruits .

After the Lianzhou Lord's Manor expanded, under the instructions of Ouyang Shuo, Zisu hired another batch of maidservants to ensure that the manor ran normally .

The huge Lord's Manor needed 10 people to just clean it .

As he didn't want the atmosphere to be too formal, he invited troupes to dance and sing .

Truthfully, this was also the first time Ouyang Shuo saw such performances, and they were actually beautiful and captivating .

Such a scene had made all the lords stunned; this was the real life of a lord, their small land was nothing compared to this .

Ouyang Shuo sat on the lord’s seat and raised his wine glass, looking around and smiling . "All of you came from afar, so sorry if I didn't welcome all of you well . Here's to all of you!"

Everyone raised up the wine glasses in their hands .

No matter what everyone thought in their heart, the place was noisy and warm .

Along with the performances, the lords all started chatting . They had so much fun that they forgot the reason why they came, like they were just here for a banquet .

Ouyang Shuo walked around the main hall and talked to each one of the lords .

Some of them treated him warmly, while some were cold .

Unknowingly, an hour had passed .

Seeing that it was about time, he waved the troupe to stop performing and the hall became silent . Luckily, one couldn't get drunk in the game . If not, it wouldn't have been easy to calm down the atmosphere .

The lords all felt a shiver in their hearts, knowing that the real show was about to begin .

Ouyang Shuo sat back and looked around . "I invited all of you here, apart from getting to know one another, to plan for the future of Lianzhou Basin . "

Some rash lords immediately said, "For what purpose have you invited us here for? You can just directly tell us; there's no need to be around the bush . " His words lacked politeness and respect .

"Ok, then I'll speak directly . Shanhai Territory set up the Tianfeng House, and naturally, it can't be removed . The problem between Tianfeng House and your territories can be solved only if you agree a few conditions . I promise that your territories will be untouched until it falls under the territory of Shanhai Territory . "

The lords shivered . The line that Ouyang Shuo drew for them made them really uncomfortable .

"Haha the Lianzhou marquis really knows how to joke . With the speed of Shanhai Territory, it will be sooner rather than later when we are taken over . So whatever you suggest won't solve the root problem . "

"That's right!" someone agreed, "What's the point with a moment of peace? We aren't ostriches who pretend that everything is okay . "

"But what if I can promise benefits for you after your territory is conquered?"

"If our territories are conquered by you, what benefits will there be?"

"How can you ensure our interests?"

In a moment, the main hall was in an uproar .

Everyone had their say and threw out their displeasure, everyone got very emotional .

"Everyone quiet down and listen to me . " He waited for the hall to be silent before saying, "Why not wait until I say my idea before you decide, okay?"

"Ok then tell us; how you can promise that we get benefits?"

Seeing that their fate of being conquered couldn't be changed, some smart lords started to request for profits and benefits, and didn't make noise for no reason .

Ouyang Shuo nodded, "Everyone plays Earth Online for two reasons . One is they like the game and enjoy it; the second is that they want to gain something, and in the second evaluation by Gaia raise their permission level . Am I right to say that?"

"That's right, but when our territory is conquered, everything will be wasted . What achievement value is there to speak of?"

"That's right!"

"Wrong . " Ouyang Shuo resolutely shook his head .

"Wrong?"

"Yes you are wrong about that . The evaluation for achievement value is not based solely on territory . The Chinese region has over 10 thousand lords . In the end, how many of them can survive? Those who get conquered or destroyed, are they really going to get 0 achievement value? Definitely not . The achievement value is based on territory, wealth, occupation level and the like . Hence even if your territory is conquered, it doesn't mean you lose everything . "

All the lords basically agreed with what Ouyang Shuo had said .

"Lianzhou Marquis, speak! What will you promise?" One of the lords called Xiaomi said .

She was one of the few female lords .

"Ok . " Ouyang Shuo nodded . "As long as you agree to my conditions, I promise that after I conquer your territory I'll allow you to live in Shanhai Territory . Apart from that, all your fortune you've gained till now will be your personal assets . With that, you can use this money to either develop in the imperial city or be merchants in Shanhai Territory . It’s all your own choice . "

"Speaking the truth, I believe all of you know that running a territory is risky, and the war between lords is very cruel . Out of hundreds of lords, only a few can survive . Hence, why not become merchants? You can earn large profits . "

After Ouyang Shuo finished, the main hall was totally silent .

What he needed to say, he had already said . He had taken out enough sincerity, what was left was to see what decision they would make .

"Can you clearly state your conditions?" Xiaomi asked .

Ouyang Shuo nodded and smiled . "Of course . Actually it's simple, I have two conditions . Firstly, your armies will be reorganized by Shanhai County, and you can't recruit new soldiers . The defenses of the region will be under the 1st division . Secondly, your organization structure would follow Shanhai territory's standard . Of course, we won't interfere with whomever you appoint . The two points above will be in place until your territories are conquered . After it's conquered, you all can either live in Shanhai County or other places . "

"Lianzhou Marquis, don't you think you are bullying us?" After hearing his terms, some people were unhappy .

"That's right, we aren't that weak, and you can't just do anything you want with us . "

"And also, how can you ensure that you'll keep your promise?"

"If you don't believe me, we can sign a contract . " Ouyang Shuo answered .

"That's the best!"

"How's that good, a bunch of soft eggs with no backbone . "

"You!" Being insulted like that, the lord was furious .

Ouyang Shuo focused . He found out the guy who had insulted the other lord had been trying to stir things up like he was bent on creating problems .

His face instantly became cold, looking toward him . "I don't care if you are under orders from others, or you are doing it yourself . I now officially tell you that your territory won't be protected by us . Wait to be conquered!"

"You!" That guy's face turned red like he was stabbed .

"Men!"

"Please make this lord leave Shanhai Territory . " Ouyang Shuo pointed to that guy .

"Yes, my lord!" The guards carried out the lord whose face was now ashen white . He didn't expect that Ouyang Shuo would be angry so quickly and not give him a chance .

Ouyang Shuo was actually considered magnanimous, allowing him to leave through the teleportation formation . If not, he would be wandering in the wilderness .

"Qiyue Wuyi, don't be too arrogant . There will be people taking care of you . " That lord said viciously before he left, venting his frustration .

Ouyang Shuo didn't even look at him and instead looked at the other lords . "Have you all decided?"

That act of killing one to make the rest fear you worked on the other lords .

The lords all agreed to sign the contract .

After signing, they all say goodbye and left .

Ouyang Shuo immediately used the Feng Bird to give the orders to Shi Wanshui to bring the 1st division to bring the soldiers from the territories to Shanhai County .

As for that lord, they directly conquered his territory and the prisoners were naturally sent back to Shanhai County .

It was calculated that the 23 territories had a total of 12500 men . Of course, their combat power was weak and were using the equipment from the class change .

For the new army, apart from the missing members in the 3 divisions, the rest were sent to the new City Protection Division, speeding up the building process .



* * *





Chapter 300




Chapter 300-

Chapter 300- Useless People

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The contract that Ouyang Shuo signed with the various lords were quickly exposed on the forums .

Naturally, on the forums, it was a bloodbath .

Adventure mode players were there for the fun while lord gamemode players were there to learn new tricks .

Upon seeing the details of the contract, light bulbs lit up in their heads . They extracted the essence of it and copied .

The contract that Ouyang Shuo had made that focused on peace was termed by lord players as the Lianzhou model, and instantly swept through the Chinese region .

The Lianzhou model's meaning totally destroyed the current territories who were not doing anything . From the current military methods to using military with the addition of administrative and diplomatic elements . The three elements would push the current wars to a new level .

If one wanted to pinpoint it, it would be the same as farming population .

And to succeed using the Lianzhou model, one needed to fulfill two criterias .

Firstly, without a strong military everything else was useless .

Secondly, one must keep a firm grip on the territories that signed the contract; if not, they might fight back .

Even so, there were many territories which fulfilled the conditions . The ones included were not limited to the Yanhuang Alliance and Shanhai Alliance . As long as one was in the top 100, they had the ability .

All of the sudden, the big lords were grinding their knives while the smaller lords cowered in fear .

The Lianzhou model signified that the territorial war was entering its second phase: the big fish eating the small fish . The precious little shrimps had all died out and were extinct .

Ouyang Shuo, the butterfly that had traveled through time, had once again caused another storm . The territory warfare starting early had once again pushed the game toward an unknown progression .

As the strategy worked in the west, Ouyang Shuo started to turn his attention to the east .

The situation in the east was more complicated because of the presence of Broken Blade County . Hence, their influence and control of the east wasn't as strong as it was in the west .

Even so, Ouyang Shuo didn't give up .

He sent the same invitation over to the 25 territories in the east .

Even Ba Dao in Broken Blade County had received his invitation .

When Ba Dao received the invitation from the messenger, he was furious, immediately tearing the invitation apart . "Qiyue Wuyi, I’m not done with you!"

Ouyang Shuo definitely didn't expect Ba Dao to come, but he did it just for fun . When he thought about the expression Ba Dao would have when he received it, he felt delighted .

Although he didn't want to touch Broken Blade County, this chess piece, Ouyang Shuo also wouldn't let it develop as it wished . He wanted to stop it and cut off its wings, destroying its surrounding barriers .

As Broken Blade County didn't come, the effects of the 2nd banquet weren't as good as the 1st .

Out of the 25 lords, only 19 attended; the remaining 6 formed a small group with Ba Dao as the core, determined to compete with Shanhai City until the end .

On the surface, Ouyang Shuo's expression didn't change, signing the contract with the 19 lords and sending the 3rd division to reorganize the troops .

After the lords left, Ouyang Shuo coldly laughed . "Useless people!"

On the same day, the 2nd division, which was at the city north camp received Ouyang Shuo's orders to destroy the 5 territories other than Broken Blade County .

Those that follow me will prosper, while the others will perish .

When Luo Shixin received the orders, he immediately rallied the troops .

As this was a long distance sneak attack, Luo Shixin left the 1st and 2nd regiment to defend the camp, while he led the rest along the Qiushui river and cutting in from the east of the Lianzhou Basin .

Before leaving, Lin Yi and Sun Tengjiao both came into Luo Shixin's tent .

"Major General, don't . We don't have wars to fight often, so don't leave our second regiment here . "

"That's right, the 1st regiment also wants to join in . "

"Nonsense!" Luo Shixin had already established prestige in the 2nd regiment and thinking about it, he felt that he should still explain . "In this mission, the marquis wants it to be fast and accurate . You are heavy armored cavalry and aren't suitable . "

"Although we are heavy armored cavalry, we aren't slower than the light armored cavalry . "

"Yes, such extra weight is nothing to the Qingfu horses . "

"No!" Luo Shixin rejected it once again . "If we all leave, who will defend the camp? The nomads on the north side are staring at us . We can't let our guards down . "

"Ok!" Lin Yi knew the importance and replied .

"Don't be so draggy . Following the marquis . Do you think there won't be any wars?" Luo Shixin walked out of the camp, gathering the troops and got ready to leave .

The 2nd division rushed out, reaching their destination the same afternoon .

Seeing that it was still early, Luo Shixin decided that they didn't need to wait until tomorrow to start their attack .

Eight thousand cavalry were like a whirlwind and swept across . Before the enemy could react, they had already entered the Lord's Manor and conquered it .

In less than two hours, they had taken down 3 territories .

The last two territories were closer to Broken Blade County and had already heard the news, requesting for help .

The two lords were regretful . They shouldn't have been greedy and been tempted by Ba Dao . Now, they didn't get anything and their whole city was going to be lost .

When Ba Dao received the call for help, he was conflicted .

If he saved them, with the one division strength of Broken Blade County, he really didn't have confidence to fight against the 8,000 elite of Shanhai City .

If he didn't save them, he would lose peoples' trust . Most importantly, the moment both of them were gone, Broken Blade County would be a solo city .

As he was confident that Shanhai City wouldn't do anything to him, Ba Dao didn't make preparations for an all out war with Shanhai City . He also didn't seek help from Yanhuang Alliance .

As the thing had already happened, it was already too late to ask for help . War wasn't a child's game .

Finally, he hardened his heart: losing friends was better than he himself dying, the two of them had it coming!

At this point, Luo Shixin had totally enclosed the two territories and was purposely not attacking to try to bait Ba Dao to come help .

Although the marquis sent the order not to enter the territory of Broken Blade County, if Ba Dao came over to help, destroying them wouldn't be going against orders .

Unfortunately, he had overestimated Ba Dao .

Half an hour passed and there was no movement within the city walls . Luo Shixin rode on the horse and laughed, shaking his head in disappointment . "What a coward . " He waved his hands and ordered the troops to attack .

The two lords within the city scolded out, as they were crushed .

Hence, in the entire Lianzhou Basin, there was only Broken Blade County left .

Ouyang Shuo was one big step closer to conquering the whole of Lianzhou Basin .

Holding hatred toward Ba Dao, both of them revived inside the Dali Reincarnation Hall .

They were fuming as they walked out . "Ba Dao, that thing actually left us to die . We trusted him so much . "

"And also Yanhuang Alliance, dog sh*t . A bunch of rubbish actually scared of Qiyue Wuyi . "

"I'm going to expose them on the forums, if I don't ruin his reputation I'm not a human!"

"Even if I don't act, Ba Dao wouldn't last for long, Qiyue Wuyi will destroy him . "

"I don't care; I have to do something to vent my anger!"

"You're right . Let's go on the forums and rant!"

A ruckus was started just like that .

Their posts attracted a bunch of mocking and didn't stir any waves .

"Heh, throwing eggs at stone, you deserve it!"

"Which bird is Ba Dao? I don't know him!"

"Ba Dao? Xiang Ba? I can't tell the difference . . . "

"Two fools, getting played and still want to throw their face on the forums!"

"I'm feeling anxious for their intelligence!!"

"Anyone who goes against brother Wuyi is a bad person!"

"To be a good person you need to know your limits!"

"You can be a lord with such intelligence? Go home and raise your kids!!"

……

Looking at the comments on the forums, the two ex-lords vomited blood and had no face to live anymore . They could only live in secret in Dali and not reveal themselves until the game ended .

After the battle, Luo Shixin captured the prisoners and sent them back to Shanhai City .

As it was already dark, they could only return back the next day .

On the other hand, the 19 lords that cooperated with the 3rd division had heard about what happened to the five territories . They felt delighted that they weren't greedy and hadn’t accepted Ba Dao's invitation .

Ouyang Shuo's lightning quick actions had left a deep impression on the lords, and they didn't dare to do anything funny .

The next day, under the orders of Baiqi, the city east camp moved to the border of Broken Blade County and made use of the 5 conquered territories to build a defence line to monitor the every move of the enemy .

Seeing the enemy set up camp right in front of him, he was furious .

In the east region, including the prisoners captured, there were a total of 13,200 men . All of the soldiers not only filled up the 3 divisions and the City Protection Division, there was an extra 10 thousand .

Under Baiqi's suggestion, Ouyang Shuo sent the order to direct the extra troops to the city protection squad of each city .

The prefecture grade governed area had a Garrison Division; the House grade governed area would have a city protection regiment; the city grade area would have a city protection unit .

The city protection squads would be under the Military Affairs Department, but the grain and salary would be from the respective territory's finances . The newly built City Protection Division would belong to the Shanhai House city protection squad, and Shanhai City would be in charge of its grain and salary .

Based on the organization, Tianfeng House and Beihai City each had a city protection regiment . Yishui, Gushan, Yongye, and Guangshui cities would each have a city protection unit .

After filling up the various city protection squads, the remaining 3000 would be reserve forces .

The reserve forces which were originally recruited were now really reserves . They only needed to join the city defence squad trainings and didn't need to move into the camp .



* * *





Chapter 301




Chapter 301: TWO Chapter 301- Western Region Development Operat

Chapter 301- Western Region Development Operation

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After the Battle of Changping, Ouyang Shuo was at the forefront of the news.

As the news that the War Saint Sun Wu had set up the Army Military Academy spread, many people who believed in the philosophy of war had travelled to the various offices of Shanhai City in the imperial cities and rushed to Shanhai City.

Those people were basically no names and the formed the base of the philosophy of war, filling up the positions of teachers and lecturers in the academy.

The other representative figures didn't appear.

On the forums, there was one guy who said that Wei Liao did in fact visit his territory, but he didn't choose to stay. Who knew if that claim was true or false?

As this news spread, Dali and Yongquan, the two system imperial cities that had a close relationship with Shanhai Territory, once again had a small influx of migrants.

A high number of generals who weren't satisfied with their positions all chose to come to Shanhai Territory.

Although this batch of generals were all basic ones, they were trained and came out of academies after all. They also had vast experience, so they were an invaluable asset.

They were the real cornerstones of the army.

Baiqi sent them to the three divisions and the City Protection Division to once again increase the combat strength of the military. The negative effects from expansion had basically all been relieved.

Shanhai City's army had both strength and talent. Apart from Zhan Lang, no one could compare to them.

Because of the influx of troops from the east and west territories, the City Protection Division was completed six months earlier than expected.

Although the City Protection Division belonged under the city protection squad, because it had the responsibility of supporting the missions of the main camp, they were actually formed based on the premise that they were going to participate in battles.

The only thing that made Ouyang Shuo feel regretful was that the City Protection Division lacked a major general who could support the whole group.

To make things easier, he could only allow Baiqi to temporarily be the major general; Zhao Sihu whom Ouyang Shuo felt had high potential was the deputy and would be in charge of the daily job of the City Protection Division.

Based on the new layout of Shanhai City, due to the intersections of the canals within the city apart from the usual arrangements of the City Protection Division, there was also an individual navy unit which was in charge of monitoring the river passages.

As the military development quickened, the field army, city protection and reserve forces were pretty much completed.

In regards to the future field army, apart from directly choosing from the prisoners of war, another way would be to directly choose from the various city protection squads before filling the gap up with reserve force troops.

After perfecting the three-tier army system and successfully preventing the territories from expanding their army, because of the rookies, the combat strength of the new army had dropped tremendously.

On the side of the navy, after taking over Moon Island, Ouyang Shuo instructed Pei Donglai to increase recruitment of the navy reserve force to make preparations for the expansion of the navy in the coming year.

Especially sailors, the barracks didn't have a class change for sailors, so they could only develop them step by step.

The Moon Island Naval Base was smoothly completed under the assista

nce of Beihai City. Apart from a navy unit, there were also 5000 commoners from Beihai City.

These commoners were basically the family members of the sailors. As such they were highly trustworthy.

The role of the navy unit there was to map the surrounding area, making it easier for future exploration missions.

Apart from that, investigating the neighboring water bandits was one of their important missions.

From the Beihai Bay treasure map, one could deduce that the strong water bandit organizations numbered in the hundreds of thousands and couldn't be underestimated.

Sailing wasn't something Baiqi was familiar with, so temporarily, they could only rely on Pei Donglai.

All in all, the Shanhai military was growing at a fast pace.

When reorganizing the army, the territory administrative system didn't slack off and also made huge changes.

The sweeping operations in the east and west sides brought in 30 thousand in population for Shanhai City, not even 1/10 of the population upper limit.

With both Wei Ran and Cui Shousi taking up the positions in the two houses, the organization structures had basically been completed and had started working.

The splitting up of duties between Lianzhou Lord's Manor and Shanhai House had already been completed and hundreds of officials were shifted from Lianzhou Lord's Manor to Shanhai House.

At the same time, the 200 odd students who graduated from Xinan University were sent to the various counties to work to gain experience after undergoing the administrative assessment.

Some of the top ones were chosen by the various secretaries and departments and sent directly into the core area.

Making use of this chance, Bai Nanpu's secretary room was expanded as well. The clerks and secretaries apart from helping Ouyang Shuo deal with letters, the three directors all had a personal secretary.

After half a year of training, all of the administrative personnel had underwent training at the university, all around 1-3 months.

Starting from next year, the people that the university recruited were students from the various private schools or colleges as well as from society.

The officials and personnel in the administrative system would not be enrolled into the university.

The teaching program was also official split into two, either a year or half a year. The year-long program was for those from the private school or the school; the half a year one was for the students who were from society.

Whichever course was taken, as long as one reached the time limit and passed the assessment, they could smoothly graduate.

At this point, Xinan University had walked onto the right path.

As there was a huge reorganization and many officials were shifted around, for the annually administrative assessment, Administration director Fan Zhongyan chose a calm method.

Apart from the immoral officials who were sacked, the rest were shifted over to the various Houses to deal with.

Near to the end of the month, the Tianhai Road was completed.

The completion of the Tianhai Road connected Tianfeng City and Shanhai City, representing that the west region had been officially merged with Shanhai Territory.

The raiders in the west have been practically all cleared out, giving the development of the region some safety.

Making use of this chance, Ouyang Shuo started to fully develop the west region.

The Lianzhou Lord’s manor was in charge of the plan on a whole while Shanhai House and Tianfeng House were in charge of the specifics, building numerous agriculture settlements along Tianhai Road.

The newly added refugees would all be sent to these settlements.

The purpose of these settlements was also set to be used to reclaim land and plant crops.

The land to the west shouldn't be wasted. Apart from keeping the hills, forests and special areas intact, the rest of the land was reclaimed for farming.

Based on the geography of that area, it would either be planting crops like potatoes and corn, or fruits and tea gardens, or mulberry trees and cotton.

All in all, he was going all out in developing agriculture.

Although Ouyang Shuo had been pushing for the commerce and handicraft industries to stimulate the economy since the start of the territory, he wasn’t stupid and recognized that in olden society, agriculture was the basis of a country and would always be number one.

The unique land area and geography of the Lianzhou prefecture made it a perfect place for that.

Based on Ouyang Shuo's planning, the future Lianzhou Basin, apart from being the main base of the territory, would be the agricultural core to provide food and agricultural products to let the military expand, providing powerful logistical support.

Ouyang Shuo's idea made the Financial Department, Agricultural Division, and Household Registration Division all instantly busy.

Luckily, they had agricultural professionals in tow.

To really succeed in this western region development operation, it wasn't an easy matter.

The first would be the enormous costs. Be it for buying farming tools, seeds, cows or the irrigation facilities, each needed huge financial input.

Apart from that was the revolutionized agriculture techniques like plowing, the waterwheel, and nurseries to raise the quality of the product.

Of course, the most important aspect was agricultural planning, which area was suitable for what crops.

Such matters weren't things Ouyang Shuo could settle alone. No matter how good he was, these jobs could only be done with the help of many officials and professionals.

At most, he would only take on the role of a coordinator.

The time where Ouyang Shuo controlled everything and micromanaged all aspects had already passed.

The western region development operation had brought with it the upgrade of certain industries. With this, the area of the mulberry gardens had an explosion in growth.

Ouyang Shuo passed on the colored silkworm growing to the various Houses. As for the specific arrangements, the textile association would be in charge.

Not only that, but be in Chamber of Commerce or individuals, all of them could grow their own colored silkworms.

Hearing that the Lord's manor was going to make such changes, the managers of the Chamber of Commerce were delighted and immediately invested huge amounts to rent land to grow mulberry trees and silkworms.

As successful merchants, they could see the commercial value of the colored silk.

There wasn't any free lunch in the world.

If the Chamber of Commerce wanted to learn the technique of breeding the colored silkworms, they needed to pay for it. They also needed to promise not to reveal it to a third party.

After a few rounds of negotiations, the final fee was set at 5000 gold.

Hence, the gold which the Chamber of Commerce paid for the technique was enough for the early stage investments for the development of the west region, a win-win situation.

Do consider giving us a vote if you are enjoying TWO! Like last month, we will be releasing 8 bonus chapters if we come first!

Know how to map and want to earn some prize money and a chance to read more? click here to find out how! Send submissions to [email protected]!

Check out the other novel that Nora edits, Spirit Hunter of Maoshan Sect! Its a bit of a different novel with an early time skip to where MC is strong. It draws from Chinese beliefs of Daoism and features many references to folklore creatures and the Chinese belief of the afterlife.



* * *





Chapter 302




Chapter 302: TWO Chapter 302- Mountain Rain is Coming

Chapter 302- Mountain Rain is Coming

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Gaia first year 12th month 25th day

A system notification sounded throughout the Chinese region.

"System notification: to celebrate the game's first anniversary, the system will hold the 2nd system auction on Gaia 2nd year 1st month 1st day at 10 AM. There will be many rare items on auction, so please look forward to it! Friendly reminder: please prepare enough funds, or else you will go home empty handed."

When the notification went out, the lords started to rub their palms in glee.

During the first system auction, Ouyang Shuo had stolen the spotlight and single handedly bought five of the ten items.

The effect of the auction had showed itself through the three battles.

Only because of the weapon and armor creation manuals was Shanhai County's army able to be so strong and achieve so many battle contribution points through killing.

As time passed, although there was a grain crises, those territories with a foundation of support and strength had already walked out of that and had accumulated thousands or maybe tens of thousands of gold.

Hence, the 2nd system auction would be a more intense battle.

Ouyang Shuo similarly did not want to miss out!

Just yesterday, the Financial Department had calculated the financial situation of the 12th month.

After the prefecture changes were pushed out, the financial tax plans, after being altered by professionals and checked by Ouyang Shuo, were pushed out.

Based on the new plan, the county grade taxes would be given to the House; the House ( including independent cities) would give a portion to the prefecture, directly to the Lord's Manor.

The types of taxes were different, and the percentages for them to hand over was different too.

Similarly, the income tax was pushed up to 1/15, double from the previous tax.

In the 12th month, Shanhai House handed over 15,500 gold, Tianfeng House 7500 gold, Beihai City 14,500 gold (including profits from Beimu Saltpans), Yishui County 3500 gold, and Gushan County 1000 gold for a total of 42,000 gold.

The Industry Division handed over 8,500 gold from the Langshan Minefields, Three Flower Wine Factory 7,500 gold, the mulberry gardens and other industries handed over 4000 gold, a total of 20,000.

In total, it added up to 62,000 gold.

The expenditure of the Lianzhou Lords manor mainly included the military expenditure, the administrative expenditure, as well as financial transfer payments. The military expenditure was the highest amount, including the salaries of the 3 divisions, the Guards protection regiment, Beihai Naval fleet, as well as other fees for a total of 27,500 gold.

The administrative expenditure mainly included the divisions and departments, the four military workshop, the cave military factory, Xinan University, and the Army Military Academy that was currently being built, for a total of 4,500 gold.

The military workshop and military factory held the highest amounts. Of course, once these equipment was sold to the outside, it wouldn't be a financial burden but a place of profit.

As for financial transfers, it included 40,000 for the official roads, 3,500 for the Tianfeng City city wall, 5000 for Shanhai City city wall, 2000 for the Army Military Academy, 1,500 for the migration of Gushan County for a total of 16,000 gold.

Once he totaled the expenditures, it cost him 48,000 gold.

Everything considered, the territory had a 15,000 gold profit in the 12th month.

anBe it tax handed over or financial transfer payments, all was done through the various branches of the Four Seas bank, with the Auditing Division in charge of monitoring everything.

With Yingyu coordinating everything, the Four Seas bank banknote printing bureau was set up. The paper workshop and the printing workshop were built directly opposite to the main branch and managed personally by Meng Zhida.

Of course, they were still a period of time away from pushing out banknotes.

As he had to pay the costs for the division trial, Ouyang Shuo now had 105,000 coin in his bag. Hence, he stored away all the remaining profits for the 12th month.

He had a total of 120,000 gold, which he would bring in for the auction.

At the border of the hundred thousand mountains, a young male used a branch as a walking stick and climbed up the mountain path.

He hobbled a long distance. His hair was messy, there was even some bird sh*t on his face; his face was a little tan, and his eyes were sunken.

He was like a traveler who was tired and hungry.

Looking closely, his shirt was broken and through the holes in it, one could see his injuries, the blood seeping onto the shirt. Some wounds had already closed up while others formed pus after being infected.

Those scars weren't only wounds from falling; some were clearly left by sharp daggers.

All this showed that this man wasn't a simple traveler.

His mental strength was strong, and the hunger and pain couldn't waver him as he pushed on.

Walking into the morning sun, he finally walked out of the mountain, his face finally breaking into a smile. His tightened muscles finally relaxed. He wanted to continue forward but his body didn't listen and he fell into the ground.

The hunger and fatigue hit him as he instantly fainted.

"Hey, wake up! Wake up!" The soldiers who was patrolling found the fainted man.

"He has fainted!"

"Check him, maybe he has a insignia or something. He came from the mountains, that's unusual."

"Hai!" The soldier searched his body, finding an iron tablet.

"There really is one!"

"Let me see." The leader took over the tablet, he froze, “This is the Military Intelligence Division tablet."

"Military Intelligence Division?"

"Quick, he must be a spy sent to investigate the mountains. Send him to the hospital, I'll go inform the lord."

"Hai!"

When Leng Qian woke up, it was already night time.

Due to his job habit, he looked around and found that he was in a hospital. Not only was he wearing clean clothing but his wounds were tended to.

"Seems like I was saved!" Leng Qian heaved a sigh of relief.

At this moment, a doctor walked in and seeing him awake, smiled. "You're awake? Great, I'll bring you some food."

Hearing him say that, Leng Qian was indeed really hungry; his stomach was growling as he hadn't eaten in three days. "Thank you."

"There's no need to. You were sent here by the city protection unit, and the county magistrate even came to visit you." The doctor walked out of the room and went to prepare supper.

Ouyang Shuo heaved a sigh of relief once again. He remembered he had fainted at the border of the mountain. It seemed like the patrolling soldiers of Gushan County had saved him.

The hundred thousand mountain was a treacherous place; it wasn't a place for outsiders to enter.

A month ago, he brought 10 elite spies in to investigate. Only he alone survived, and even the Feng Bird with him had died.

Just as Leng Qian was thinking, the door opened again.

This time, apart from the doctor, there was also the county magistrate, Lei Fan.

The doctor placed down the food box and left the room, closing it shut. As for what Lei Fan wanted to say, he didn't care, nor did he dare to care.

Lei Fan had seen Leng Qian, and before he entered the mountain, they also talked to one another. He was the first to find out about the unusual mountain barbarians and had been waiting for news for the Military Intelligence Division.

What made him feel weird was that there was no news from them after they entered, like they had vanished, making him feel panicked and anxious.

What the two talked about wasn't as confidential as the doctor had thought.

Ever since the territory was built, the military and administration were separated. Hence, even though Lei Fan was the county magistrate, he didn't have the authority to ask.

Lei Fan was just here to care for him. He knew that Leng Qian was not only one of the three heavyweights of the Military Intelligence Division, but also an individual the marquis had high hopes for him. His future was very bright.

After Lei Fan left, Leng Qian ate his food, and after regaining his strength, he left the hospital.

Gushan County was close to the hundred thousand mountains, and was at the border of the territory; to make it easier to collect information, the Military Intelligence Division had a contact point in the county.

The place was very secret and even Gushan County didn't know about it.

After Leng Qian left, the first thing he did was rush there.

"Leader!" Upon seeing Leng Qian, the spy was pleasantly surprised.

Leng Qian waved him off and said, "Don't say or ask anything. Just prepare two of the fastest horses. I need to rush back to the main camp in the morning to see the marquis."

"Yes!" The spy had undergone good training and immediately turned around to prepare.

Leng Qian nodded. He found the Feng Bird in the contact point and reported to the Military Intelligence Division.

If nothing went wrong, they would receive the news at latest tomorrow morning.

Ever since they had gotten the Feng Birds from Xuanniao Tribe, the Military Intelligence Division had started to breed them on a large scale, forming a perfect information network.

If it hadn’t been for the fact that the Feng Bird that they brought had been killed by the enemy, there wouldn’t be no news from them for a month.

After arranging everything, Leng Qian went to his room to rest.

The next morning, he left sneakily and returned to Shanhai City.

Just as he set out, the Military Intelligence Division received the news he sent. When the secretary Song San heard it, he immediately rushed to the Lord's Manor to report.

Do consider giving us a vote if you are enjoying TWO! Like last month, we will be releasing 8 bonus chapters if we come first!

Know how to map and want to earn some prize money and a chance to read more? click here to find out how! Send submissions to [email protected]!

Check out the other novel that Nora edits, Spirit Hunter of Maoshan Sect! Its a bit of a different novel with an early time skip to where MC is strong. It draws from Chinese beliefs of Daoism and features many references to folklore creatures and the Chinese belief of the afterlife.



* * *





Chapter 303




Chapter for today~

Post is half an hour late, but chapter has already been up since usual.

Chapter 303‍ - Chapter for March 18th.

Do consider giving us a vote if you are enjoying TWO! Like last month, we will be releasing 8 bonus chapters if we come first!

Know how to map and want to earn some prize money and a chance to read more? click here to find out how!

Check out Spirit Hunters of Maoshan Sect! It is a novel that I (Nora), also work on! It's a pretty cool novel that has just hit 100 chapters, so do give it a try. It's a bit of different novel that goes into the lore of Daoism. Unlike most novels that have cultivation, this novel focuses more on mystery/lore, rather than showing the MC cultivate. The first 6 chapters can be treated as a prologue, so try to get past that before you judge it! This novel contains elements of horror and mystery.

Check out our friends at Godly Model Creator, a novel translated by Yorasu! Follow the tales of an esper with model analysis as his origin ability and an ultimate aim of becoming the sole ruler of Earth! Consider giving them one of your votes too if you enjoy their novel~

Enjoy!

*Ps, This is where you can get early releasing chapters Patreon

Review us on Novel Updates !

Contribute to the wiki here for a limited chance to get access to early chapters!



* * *





Chapter 304




Chapter 304-

Chapter 304- The Update That Wasn’t Supposed to Happen

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After the discussions were completed, Shanhai City became noisy once again .

Tian Wenjing personally went to the Xuanniao tribe to see the witch, explaining to her the pros and cons, and asking her to come out and ask the tribes to go down the mountain .

If whichever tribe insisted on their tribal traditions and weren't willing, Shanhai City could only use violence .

No one could stop Shanhai City from removing all problems and threats .

Baiqi chose a unit and entered the Langshan minefields . He personally brought the independent regiment and sent them toward Gushan County, arranging them to patrol the border and also pay attention to the 3rd division .

The next day, the Gushan County’s County Magistrate hurried to Shanhai City .

Ouyang Shuo spent an entire morning talking to Lei Fan . As for the specifics, no one knew; one only knew that when he left the Lord's Manor, Lei Fan had a lot on his mind, instantly leaving for Gushan County .

A whole flurry of actions made everyone unable to react .

On the 27th day of the 12th month, Lei Fan returned to Gushan County, immediately forming 15 thousand mountain barbarian migrants and migrating to the west suburbs of Shanhai City, building a settlement there .

This batch of mountain barbarians were the relatives of those in the army .

The same day, Baiqi led the independent regiment and reached the Gushan County barracks .

Baiqi looked at the connecting area between Gushan County and the hundred thousand mountains, and started to build moats, sentries, hidden posts, and more, pushing the defensive line deep within the mountains .

If there was any movement inside the mountains, it wouldn't be able to hide from the hidden posts .

On the 29th day of the 12th month, the mountain tribes left the mountains and went toward the west region under the actions of Tian Wenjing, helping the western development .

Ouyang Shuo was at the Lianzhou Lord's Manor and personally went to meet the Xuanniao tribe witch .

Half a year had passed, and her body was getting weaker and weaker and needed support as she walked .

Even so, her intelligence earned Ouyang Shuo's respect . As they discussed, Ouyang Shuo found that he was learning more from her .

Her knowledge and expertise taught Ouyang Shuo a lot and made him gain much .

The high grade treatment that the witch received stirred up a storm amongst the mountain barbarians .

Ouyang Shuo's actions showed that he cared a lot about the mountain barbarians and treated them as one of theirs, not despising or being biased against them .

His action also sparked a tiny bit of problem .

The original Tianfeng tribe leader Dariachi represented the grassland tribe to request that their people be treated the same .

Ouyang Shuo promised that as long as the grassland tribes came over, they wouldn't despise or look down on them and give them good treatment .

Amongst the noise, the 12th month came to its end .

Gaia first year, 12th month, 30th day

A system notification sounded throughout Earth .

"World Notification: To date, Earth Online has run for a year and the game will have one new update, effective immediately . As for the specifics, players please check them out on the official website . "

The players didn't feel much and only Ouyang Shuo froze . In his memory, during his last life, there wasn't any update at this point . His presence had started to influence the game’s progression .

Ouyang Shuo immediately went to the official website and checked out the updates .

Compared to the first update, this was simpler and was in bits and pieces, like it was fixing the game .

(1) Adding a potential setting: NPC will now have A, B, C and D potentials . The higher their potential, the easier for them to break bottlenecks .

Of course historical people wouldn't be included .

Based on the stats Gaia gave, there would be 0 . 05% A, 4 . 95% B, 35% C and 60% D . The exact numbers would be affected by the territory specialty and would either increase or decrease .

Those with A potential would be the advanced generals, grandmaster grade talents, and the wealth of the territory .

Based on that stat, out of 2000 refugees, one would be A potential .

The pushing out of the potential stat was good for the lord, lessening his burden and making his choices much easier . Although potential couldn't represent everything, it was a good indicator .

(2) Removing the setting that lord players can't leave their territory: Lord players are now like adventure mode players and can move to the various imperial cities through the teleportation formation .

Similarly, players who lived in the territories have regained their freedom and can teleport as they wished .

The second system auction will be held at the biggest auction house in Jingdou, not a separate space, giving the lords a chance to communicate .

Toward this setting, Ouyang Shuo was shocked .

If he didn't recall wrongly, in the last life until he was reborn, the lord players couldn't leave the territory . Why would such a thing change after just a year? he really didn't know .

(3): Changing the cost of teleportation: Battle maps no longer have teleportation costs: player teleportation, be it within territories or to imperial cities, will all cost 1 gold and the players themselves have to pay .

When players used the teleportation portal, half of the cost would be given to the territory .

As for the battle map not collecting fees, it made him heave a sigh of relief . Based on his current rank, he could bring 30 thousand troops, so teleportation alone would cost him 30 thousand gold .

Gaia was being nice once again and helping the players . If whichever lord decide to open up their territory to players, purely teleportation would result in a sizeable income source .

The 2nd and 3rd updates helped to increase interaction .

To lord players, it would increase the difficulty of managing player groups, increasing the demand of the lord's ability .

(4) The nine imperial cities will have a toll tax, half of the Super auction platform at 5% .

Increasing the toll tax was in truth encouraging players to open their trade routes and avoid the trading platform, bringing their items directly to the imperial city to sell .

Opening up trade routes in the wilderness was something that they needed to do sooner or later . The future Super auction platform would become obsolete .

(5) Removing the setting that players won’t get experience from the battle map .

Not being able to obtain experience, especially soldiers unable to upgrade, had been the biggest problem for lords .

(6) Addition of a rage point setting: General specialties need enough rage points before it can activate .

The rage setting was a nerf to the historical generals . The specialties on the generals weren't a permanent buff and now was only a temporarily active skill .

Ouyang Shuo guessed that this setting probably targeted him . Which lord in the last life could recruit so many historical generals in just a year?

(7) Regarding special raider camps: In the wilderness, new special raider camps would appear which are all above 10 thousand people .

The advanced raider camps in the wilderness weren't the opponents for lords . To increase the game difficulty, Gaia had a devious idea to add a special raider camp .

(8) Increasing hidden occupations: Be it adventure mode players or work occupation players, they all have unique legacy professions which are the so-called hidden professions .

Gaia didn't reveal the specific professions, leaving everything to players to find out for themselves . Gaia specifically said that during the auction, there would be a hidden profession scroll on auction .

A rock started a thousand-layer wave . The adventure mode players who didn't bother about the auctions were now looking forward to it .

What needed to be made clear was that NPCs could also take up the legacy professions .

(9) Increasing secret regions: In the wilderness, random secret regions will appear for players to explore . The moment they are entered and explored, they would disappear permanently .

Exploring secret regions would have a chance to obtain a godly weapon or a secret manual; everything was possible .

Apart from the secret regions that spawned in the wilderness, there was also a tool called a ‘secret region map’ that could create a temporary secret region and allow one to enter and explore without competition .

This was another setting for adventure mode players, meaning that they were slowly starting to be paid attention to by Gaia .

(10) Increased chances of adventure quests: in the imperial city or wilderness, one could trigger an adventure quest .

When players created their characters and chose their location, if one chose random, they can activate the adventure system . Unfortunately, when the players entered they were weak and even if they activated the adventure quest, they would die because of their lack of strength .

Now was different . Players had grown and had the ability to complete the quest .

In conclusion, from today onward, the lives of adventure mode players would be more vibrant and interesting .

All of a sudden, be it the forums or the global channel, adventure mode players hogged all areas .

"Wuwuwu, it's finally our turn!"

"The wheels of history goes forwards, finally time for a new bunch of people to take center stage!"

"Qiyue Wuyi I will fight with you for glory!"

. . . . . . Even though he had not done anything, people took shots at Ouyang Shuo . . . . . .

"With adventure mode in my hand and the secret manuals I have, I'll be invincible!"

"The god Gaia had finally remembered us!"

……

Ouyang Shuo didn't bother about the happiness of the adventure mode players . What he cared about were the effects this would have on the territory and his plans .



* * *





Chapter 305




Chapter 305-

Chapter 305- Information Piece- Rising Up

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Just as Ouyang Shuo was deep in thought, another wave started .

That afternoon, another system notification sounded .

"World notification: To date, Earth Online has run for a year, so the game will publish its first information piece [Rising Up] . For specific details, players please go online to the website to check it out . "

Gaia had released one thing after another, which made people love them but hate them too .

[Rising Up] referred to the peasant uprisings in each country, like Spartacus, Sicily Slave Uprising, Scotland Uprising, Germany Farmer War, and the like .

Of course, the country that had the most peasant uprisings was China . The ones in China were the most frequent and the cruelest, directly or indirectly overthrowing a few kings and dynasties .

In the game, Gaia picked out the most representative peasant uprising figures and made them appear in the wilderness and raise wave after wave of uprisings to target the various lords .

Those that joined in the uprising army were not only the refugees, bandits, and raiders . Even robbers could turn robbery into serving justice for the heavens .

If the territory's public sentiment didn't reach the standards, or their taxes wee too high or commoners didn't get enough food, it could cause commoners and residents to join the uprising and overthrow the lord's rule .

Not only that, the peasant uprising would also affect a large amount of refugees, affecting the spawning rate of the refugees and migrants . If the law and order in a territory didn't reach satisfactory standards, it might not spawn anyone .

Gaia obviously didn't want the lords to relax and kept setting up problems and opponents for them .

During the first year, it was wild monsters, raiders, and bandits . The second year was the special raider camps and the peasant uprising . In the future, there would definitely be greater issues .

As the territories grew stronger, Gaia would arrange even stronger opponents .

The 2nd year of Gaia would be a totally chaotic year .

Those who were able to survive would rise from the ashes; those who couldn't would have to leave .

Whatever happened would have its advantages and disadvantages .

If the territory could lead the army to destroy the peasant uprising army, not only would they get a large population increase, but they could also earn a large amount of merit points and raise their rank .

The weak being food for the strong was obvious at this point .

The strong would get stronger, and the weak would get weaker . The strong would survive; the world was just so cruel .

It wasn't hard to imagine that for territories that were alone, apart from the top presences such as Shanhai Territory, it was hard to survive the peasant uprising . Forming up alliances would be their way to solve the problem .

In the future, large and small scale alliances would form .

The Shanhai Alliance and the Yanhuang Alliance, the two huge giants of the Chinese region, had once again became the focal point of lord gamemode players .

If one could join one of the two alliances, even if they couldn't live without any problems, they would have a fighting chance .

Unfortunately, be it Shanhai Alliance or Yanhuang Alliance, neither would lower their standards and recruit new members .

One would rather lack people than have useless and untrustworthy individuals . This is something that wouldn't change .

This period of time was also the best time for groups and overlords to rise up .

All the territories within the top 100 territories were filled with ambitious players . Although they didn't have as much of an influence as Ouyang Shuo, to build a regional alliance was still possible .

Especially with the new Lianzhou Model, this was further simplified .

In the span of a few days, there was a huge change .

Now, it wasn’t that the big territories were forcing the small ones into signing the contracts . It was the small ones forcing the large ones to protect them . If not, they couldn't survive .

If Ouyang Shuo hadn't remembered wrongly, in his last life, not more than 500 territories hadremained . If they didn't upgrade to a prefecture before three years, they were basically all wiped out .

His appearance totally changed the style of the Chinese Region, breaking the rule of the Six Tyrants of Handan .

Ouyang Shuo couldn't predict how the future would change .

Ouyang Shuo shook it off and continued to search for more details about the information piece .

As the Chinese region had the most uprisings, Gaia chose four of the most famous peasant uprisings, throwing all of them into the wilderness .

Uprising Name: Chensheng Wuchuang Uprising

Uprising Time: End of Qin

Uprising Leader: Chensheng, Wuchuang

Uprising Location: Zhongyuan

Uprising Evaluation: The first large scale peasant uprising in Chinese history .

Uprising Name: Huangjin Uprising

Uprising Time: End of East Han

Uprising Leader: Zhang Jiao, Zhang Bao, Zhang Liang

Uprising Location: North

Uprising Evaluation: The largest scale religious organization peasant uprising in Chinese history .

Uprising Name: Huangchao Peasant Uprising

Uprising Time: End of Tang

Uprising Leader: Huangchao

Uprising Location: Southeast

Uprising Evaluation: a long, large scale and highly influential peasant uprising

Uprising Name: Taiping Country uprising

Uprising Time: Qing Dynasty

Uprising Leader: Hong Xiuquan, Yang Xiuqing, Li Xiucheng

Uprising Location: Southwest

Uprising Evaluation: The largest scale peasant uprising in Chinese history .

The situation in the game was totally different from the environment of the peasant uprisings .

Hence, Gaia placed these four groups into four big regions, basically covering the whole region . As for those regions that weren't affected like Qiongzhou Island and Yizhou Island, they were considered lucky and escaped it .

Gaia didn't try to uphold absolute fairness in the game, as luck was a type of strength .

It was that phrase: there are advantages and disadvantages . There was nothing that was absolute .

The two islands didn't belong to any imperial city and were out at sea .

In Gaia’s settings, the two islands belonged to the wilderness region . Wild beasts roamed on it, and it was really dangerous . There were even chances of ancient beasts appearing there .

Apart from that, there were large amounts of indigenous people who hunted to survive . If one thought about it, for them to survive in a place where large amounts of primitive beasts thrived, it showed the strength of these indigenous tribes .

The above two elements made it hard for players to survive there too . If not, Ouyang Shuo would have chosen one of those islands and not the Lianzhou Basin .

The island was an out of this world paradise and also a jail .

Of the four uprising groups, the one that Ouyang Shuo paid attention to was the Taiping Country movement . This was because the place where this movement started was Guangxi Xunzhou Jintian Village .

Xunzhou was located on the north side of the Lianzhou Basin, located right outside Zhennan Pass . As for Wuzhou where Chiyou City was located at, it was the east side of Xunzhou .

This meant that if Ouyang Shuo wanted to enter Guangxi, he had to deal with the Taiping Country .

The Taiping Country Organization was secretive . They had many officials in their inner Organization and was the strongest Organization amongst the four groups .

With the strength of Shanhai Territory, they absolutely couldn’t contend against Taiping Country .

Luckily, the explosion of the uprising needed a long preparation time and wasn't something that would happen instantly .

At the start, the core members of the uprising would appear in the wilderness and recruit people before building a base, expanding outward, and taking over more territories .

Their final goal would be to build up a powerful country .

Hence, the uprising groups could be considered a lord group with a bug technique .

When they arrived, they already had the backbone of their system and had the strong skill of gathering refugees .

Ouyang Shuo prayed for the territories which were around the uprisings . They would be the first victims and couldn't block the strong uprising army .

In the last life, Ouyang Shuo remembered that some unlucky lords surrendered to the uprising group and managed to live as half an official .

Some lords actually made it and were really successful .

In truth, the settings in Gaia were very free .

After Gaia implanted the uprising groups into the wilderness, they wouldn't interfere in the game .

This meant that if these uprising groups were really strong or the lords were really lousy, then these uprising groups could really survive until the end .

Gaia definitely wouldn't remove the last information piece when the next one appeared .

They definitely wouldn't!

If the lords in a country worked together and couldn't beat the uprising group, it meant that it would be game over for all the lords .

In the end, the system imperial city had to send out troops to invade the uprising group to clean it out .

After which, the players could redo the village creation mission, obtaining the village creation token, building their villages and starting from scratch .

In such a way, when the country war started, this country would be easily slaughtered by other countries .

Hence, for lords to surrender to the uprising groups was a good way out .

If one could get a high position in it and even earn merit points from it, they could be able to become a founding hero and obtain land and a rank .

When the game ended, the calculated achievement value would be the same as owning a territory .

In such a way, this gave a way out for the unlucky lords and sent the game into a more complicated scene .

To lords, this was a huge challenge .

If not, why would lords player survive in the wilderness to the end?

To this, Ouyang Shuo could only laugh bitterly . What he could only do was to quickly unify the Lianzhou Basin and make a stable base for the territory .

As for the others, he could only solve them as they came .



* * *





Chapter 306




Chapter 306-

Chapter 306-Assassination

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Gaia 2nd year, 1st month 1st day, Jingdou

No matter how grand the news of the information piece was yesterday, it was something for the future . What players cared about most now was still the 2nd system auction .

Walking on the bustling streets of Jingdou, Ouyang Shuo couldn't help but be awed . Compared to the imperial city, his small land was nothing; it wasn't even close to being on the same level .

On the wide streets, people swarmed and carts and chariots were plenty . The shops on both sides were all two floors high and built with green bricks and red tiles . The amount of products were plenty and it was indescribably prosperous .

Besides Ouyang Shuo were Song Jia and Bing'er .

Compared to the bustling modern city, the olden one gave off a different charm .

"Brother, sugar-coated haws!"

Coming to Jingdou, her true colors were revealed . The little brat was holding a sugar man and also stared at the sugar-coated haws in the shop .

Ouyang Shuo had not followed Bing'er around, and he was feeling guilty in her heart .

To let her be happy, he would just let her do as she wished .

"Boss, give me a sugar-coated haw!" Ouyang Shuo passed him a silver coin .

"No, two sticks!" Song Jia suddenly said .

The two beauties, each one holding a stick of sugar-coated haws, slowly strolled on the streets and ate it deliciously .

Danger suddenly struck .

An ordinary-looking man standing behind Ouyang Shuo suddenly took out a sword .

As the sharp blade came out of the sheath, the blade shone in the light .

The blade stabbed straight toward Ouyang Shuo's heart .

Ouyang Shuo was astonished, goosebumps appearing over his body .

Feeling the killing intent from behind, Ouyang Shuo didn't have time to think and side stepped to try and dodge . The sharp blade stabbed into his chest and fresh blood flowed .

Ouyang Shuo jumped away and instantly opened the distance between the two .

Turning around, he saw a young swordsman . He charged closer and the sword in his hand was covered with blood .

"Wuyi!"

Song Jia who was walking in front shrieked, she pulled out her Qingfeng Sword and rushed forward .

Ouyang Shuo didn't turn around and kept focus . "Don't come over, protect Bing'er!"

Song Jia froze and instantly stopped, pulling Bing'er's hand and protecting her by her side, looking worriedly at Ouyang Shuo . She could feel that the sword skills of this assassin were special .

The assassin didn't give Ouyang Shuo a chance, leaping forward once again .

Ouyang Shuo looked stern . He totally didn't have the chance to take the Tianmo Spear from his storage bag . If he got distracted, there was a high chance he would be killed .

Luckily, apart from his spear technique, his bajiquan was good too .

The sword shone across, Ouyang Shuo push it to the side before trying to steal the sharp blade from his hand .

The assassin wasn't a novice, and saw that the opponent was better than he expected, totally different from the intel he had received . He didn't dare to be overconfident and went all out, not giving Ouyang Shuo a chance .

In a short moment, both of Ouyang Shuo's hands were covered with blood, and had several sword cuts .

If Ouyang Shuo wasn’t resilient, he would have been screaming out in pain .

Gaia had a 50% reduction in pain reception .

Bajiquan was good at close combat . As the assassin was quick and sharp, he immediately opened up the distance . The sword light flashed across incessantly, leaving either deep or small wounds on Ouyang Shuo .

Ouyang Shuo was helpless . Without a weapon in hand, he couldn't do anything . In addition, the sword that the assassin stabbed into his chest at the beginning, he had no time to deal with it and nonstop blood flow .

The huge loss of blood made his strength drop profusely, and he couldn't focus anymore .

If this continued, he would definitely bleed out .

To an assassin, the best method now would be to continue wasting time and strength .

Unfortunately, one mustn't forget that this was the most bustling street in Jingdou .

An assassination on these streets instantly caused an uproar and everyone panicked .

Not long after, the experts in charge of the safety of Jingdou would arrive .

At that time, everything would be too late .

Just at that moment, from the 2nd floor of a shop, a sharp arrow accurately shot Ouyang Shuo's thigh . The huge impact caused him to stumble forward and nearly kneel on the ground .

"Wuyi!"

Song Jia cried out . She was heartbroken and wanted to rush forward .

However, she couldn't . Since there was someone firing arrows, it meant that the enemy had accomplices . She had to protect Bing'er's safety . She knew how important that little brat was to Ouyang Shuo .

Ouyang Shuo knew that if this continued, he would definitely die and might even drag down Song Jia and Bing'er .

He could only take a gamble .

Ouyang Shuo purposely stumbled forward and knelt on the ground .

When the assassin saw such a good chance, he came forward and went straight for the kill .

Ouyang Shuo kept his head down as a cruel smile flashed across his face . Just as the sharp sword stabbed forward, he turned to the side and the sword stabbed into his lower rib .

A sharp pain spread from that region .

Ouyang Shuo gritted his teeth, as beads of sweat appeared on his forehead . He used strength, locking the sword in his ribs and not allowing the enemy to break loose .

The assassin wanted to pull his sword out and stab again but found that he couldn't . Instantly, a he had a bad feeling .

Unfortunately, it was too late .

Making use of the chance, a white light shone across and the Tianmo Spear appeared in his hand .

Holding onto the Tianmo Spear, Ouyang Shuo's aura changed and he was like an overlord .

The spear appeared and stabbed straight at the enemy . Although it looked normal, the blow was impossible to dodge .

The assassin was shocked, immediately letting go of the sword and barely avoiding the spear .

His attack failed, and seeing that the experts were arriving, the assassin was furious and embarrassed . He didn't expect that he, a peak level expert of the adventure gamemode players, would actually fail to kill a lord .

"Lianzhou lord really surprises people!"

As the assassin backed off, in his hand appeared another sword .

"Who are you?" Ouyang Shuo bore the pain, as he coldly looked at the enemy .

"You don't need to try to buy time . We are doing this for money and helping to solve another's problem!"

Ouyang Shuo frowned, feeling that this statement was familiar . "You are Blood Sword?"

"You, how do you know?" The assassin freaked out and couldn't keep calm anymore . It was like the greatest secret in his heart had suddenly been revealed .

Blood Sword, the most mysterious assassin Organization in china in his last life .

Their style was what the assassin had said: Take money to help solve problems .

The moment they accepted a mission, they wouldn't rest until they completed it .

No matter who it was, be it a lord or a sect leader, they were all within their assassination scope . At their peak, they even announced that there was no one they couldn't kill .

Previously Blood Sword was still secretly building up strength, so outside people had no knowledge of their existence .

Counting the time, it was about when Blood Sword had announced themselves to the world .

What Ouyang Shuo didn't expect was that he actually became the first target of Blood Sword .

Blood Sword wanted to make use of the assassination of such a well-known target to instantly get famous .

How would he have expected that his highly secretive identity would be revealed .

It was so shocking that he didn't know what to do .

"You guys are really Blood Sword . " A cold smile flashed across Ouyang Shuo’s face .

"Are you trying to bluff me?" The assassin's face turned red . "That's not right; how do you know our name?"

"Since you tried to kill me, you must get ready for my revenge . " Ouyang Shuo didn't know where their main base was located, as their members were all part time and even the inner circle didn't know about the identities of the others .

"Such big words!"

Ouyang Shuo shook his head . With the Tianmo Spear as a support, he steadied himself . His wounds were still bleeding and seeping onto his clothes .

Even so, no one dared to underestimate him .

When the assassin saw that his identity was exposed, it made Ouyang Shuo seem more inscrutable .

The assassin was wary of him and wanted to find out whether or not he was lying .

With such a delay, the experts were about to arrive . The assassin didn't dare to take the risk and chose to leave . The moment one was captured by them, they wouldn't even manage to revive .

"The Lianzhou lord is indeed special, so let's meet next time!"

As he said this, he retreated and instantly disappeared within the hoard of people .

As expected from the Blood Sword, they were swift and didn't drag things out .

As the assassin left, this meant the end of the assassination attempt .

As long as Ouyang Shuo didn't die, this meant that he would continue to face their assassination attempts .

They had many styles and methods, but they were best at silent killing . Their plan today was to make themselves famous and known . Hence, they chose to kill openly .

After he left, Ouyang Shuo finally couldn't hold on any longer .

"Cough!" Ouyang Shuo's body couldn't take it anymore, as he coughed out a mouthful of blood .

"Wuyi!"

"Brother!"

Song Jia and Bing'er ran across to support Ouyang Shuo .

"Wuyi, are you okay!"

"I'm fine!"

When he had fought, Bing'er was really well-behaved, not making a sound and not crying out .

After the storm passed, she couldn't hold it anymore and looking at the blood stains on her brother . Tears started forming in her eyes . "Brother, is it painful?"

Ouyang Shuo reached out and rubbed her head, consoling her . When his hand was in the air, only then did he realize it was stained with blood .

"Baby, brother is fine!"

Just at this moment, the experts had arrived .

"Marquis!" The leader walked in front of Ouyang Shuo .

Ouyang Shuo nodded as he described the appearance of the assassin . "I hope your men can give me an answer!"

He was a lord . After he was almost assassinated in Jingdou, he had the power to command and order them .

The constable said solemnly, "Lord, don't worry . "



* * *





Chapter 307




Chapter 307-

Chapter 307- Who's the Mastermind?

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The Jingdou Auction House sat at the middle portion of the busiest commerce street, and everyone was already swarming through the doors . Be it lords of territories, leaders of guilds or sects, or even lone travellers, they all appeared .

Unprecedented .

Making use of the chance, before the anniversary auction began, the Jingdou Auction House held a large-scale auction as sort of a warm up event .

The items auctioned off were plentiful .

Although they weren’t as rare as those that would be on the anniversary auction, they were still excellent products . All items above gold rank, basically high-end player goods .

The anniversary auction wasn’t something that any player could obtain an item in . As such, most of the players at the scene were just there to take a look . Hence, this auction helped cater to their needs, making it unexpectedly popular .

At the door of the auction house, a group of players gathered up, seemingly anxious .

“Why hasn’t the boss arrived? The auction is about to begin . Did something happen?”

“Stop jinxing it!”

“Why doesn’t Gaia just make a long distance communication function?’

“Okay, okay, let’s have a little patience guys, let’s wait a while longer!”

“Guys, do you think that the boss forgot about the time as he was shopping with sister-in-law? Hoes over bros!”

“Little lion, how dare you talk bad about the boss . We will tell on you . ”

“Ah?” Gong Chengshi forced out a smile . ”Haha, Xunlong you won’t do that right? Haha, we are all good brothers, good brothers . ”

“Five treats at Qingfeng Garden!”

“Ha? Isn’t that too harsh?”

Qingfeng Garden was the biggest brothel in Jingdou . It cost a few hundred gold each time .

“So, no deal?”

“Deal!” Gong Chengshi silently cried, as he had asked for it .

Feng Qiuhuang heard the two of them getting out of hand and scolded, ”You two uncultured swines!”

“Feng Sis (what people in china call like escorts or like bar ladies) , we are very pure people!”

“What did you call me?” Feng Qiuhuang instantly raged .

Xunlong Dianxue looked at Gong Chengshi who was just looking for it and started gloating .

Gong Chengshi immediately felt like dying . He couldn’t control his mouth . He tried to suck up and say, ”Sister Fengwu, I’m wrong, I’m really wrong, really!”

Feng Qiuhuang stared at him and didn’t bother anymore, turning around and going toward Bai Hua .

The members of the Shanhai Alliance stood at the door of the auction house, attracting a lot of attention; not only were they famous, but Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang were both absolute beauties .

The assassination attempt that happened on the commerce street seemed to have no effect, like a drop of rain in the sea . It was like nothing had occurred .

Under the company of Song Jia, he went to a hospital and had his wounds dealt with before rushing to the auction house . No matter what, this was something that he couldn’t miss .

As for the constables’ investigation, Ouyang Shuo didn’t hold too high hopes .

As long as the assassins left Jingdou, they were practically free men .

Of course, the constables would draw up wanted posters and arrest warrants based on the Ouyang Shuo’s description and send it to all the imperial cities . However, the actual effect would depend on Ouyang Shuo’s influence .

Obviously, his current status wasn’t enough to make the other imperial cities act .

Ouyang Shuo cared about the identity of the mastermind more . The perpetrator behind whole thing who wanted him to die .

As a lord, level wasn’t important . Reviving once wouldn’t have a huge effect on him .

The crux of the problem was that if he died, he needed to spend half a day in the Reincarnation Hall . Hence, if Ouyang Shuo had died, he would have missed out on the auction .

The mastermind had really planned it well .

Ouyang Shuo’s arrival attracted a huge commotion . All the bandages made him look like half a dumpling, and if someone wasn’t familiar with him, they definitely wouldn’t recognize him .

“Boss, Boss?” Gong Chengshi ran over .

“Yes, it’s me . ”

Gong Chengshi had the look one had when they looked at their cute pet, making Ouyang Shuo speechless .

“Boss, did you go peep at a a girl bathing? What happened?” Gong Chengshi didn’t give Ouyang Shuo a chance to explain himself .

If Ouyang Shuo could move about, he would’ve beaten Gong Chengshi up .

“Little Shuo, what happened?” Little Aunt and Xie Siyun walked over .

The others also surrounded him .

“I’ll explain it to you guys in detail after the auction ends . Let’s enter first . ”

The Jingdou auction house specially prepared suites for the ten biggest territories and the ten biggest guilds . The members of Shanhai Alliance all went into Ouyang Shuo’s suite .

As they walked by, Sha Pojun suddenly exited from his suite .

His eyes were sharp, and he instantly recognized Ouyang Shuo, teasing, ”Well isn’t it the great lord Qiyue Wuyi? How did you become like this? Don’t tell me? Haha . ”

Ouyang Shuo didn’t care about him and just walked toward his own suite .

“Hen!” Sha Pojun returned back into his suite .

Ouyang Shuo’s suite was the number one suite in the auction house and was more than enough for all the members of the alliance .

After settling down, Song Jia asked, ”Wuyi, could it have been Sha Pojun?”

As the representative of the grey powers, he had relationships with such organizations .

Ouyang Shuo shook his head . ”It doesn’t look like it’s him . ”

Sha Pojun didn’t have the motive to do so . He hated Ouyang Shuo, but he had limited funds and couldn’t do much during the auction . As such, he didn’t need to kill Ouyang Shuo and prevent him from coming .

A dog that bites wouldn’t bark, Ouyang Shuo suspected that it was Chun Shenjun .

During the first system auction, Chun Shenjun was very confident . In the end, Ouyang Shuo played him, leaving him empty handed . During this auction, he would have definitely prepared well and been more wary of Ouyang Shuo’s presence .

“What are the both of you talking about? Little Shuo, what’s with your injuries?”

Since Little Aunt asked, Ouyang Shuo decided to tell everyone about the assassination attempt .

In an instant, the suite was in an uproar .

“Despicable!”

“Jerk!”

“Such an asshole!”

Xie Siyun frowned . ”Why didn’t we have any news before?”

The others wanted to continue . However, the auction started at this very moment .

Compared to the first system auction, there were more items in the 2nd one, a total of 108 . The top 10 items would all be left until last .

As there were too many items, the auction style would be different from the first .

The auction would be split into two parts . The first would be a silent auction . Players could all bid within an hour time limit; they could only bid once for each item and couldn’t change their bids .

After the bidding ended, the highest bid would win the item .

Ouyang Shuo picked up a manual that described the items of the auction .

In the list, there were actually various scrolls, tokens, treasures and even weapon crafting manuals . There were also equipment, pills, skill books and cultivation techniques that adventure gamemode players loved .

A whole load of different items .

Each item was at the dark gold level, and there were even one or two platinum ranked items .

As for the last few items, they were all kept a secret and weren’t revealed .

Out of the members of the Shanhai Alliance, apart from Ouyang Shuo, Bai Hua, Feng Qiuhuang and Snow-War Rose Mercenary Group, the rest had limited funds and didn’t care about the last 10 items .

Ouyang Shuo picked up a book and bid 2000 gold . After that, he didn’t act . His goal was the 10 items .

Quickly, an hour had passed and he smoothly obtained the book .

The others all had some gains . Bai Hua got a Shield Making Technique Manual and Feng Qiuhuang got a Heavy Sword Crafting Manual .

Only Gong Chengshi got nothing, as he had bid too little on the item that he wanted .

“Who asked you to be stingy!” Xunlong Dianxue gloated .

Gong Chengshi was on the verge of tears .

The 2nd stage of the auction was the fun part .

The best auctioneer in Jingdou Auction House walked onto the stage . Behind the auctioneer, there were 10 people with trays covered with red cloth .

After the simple speech, the auction immediately began .

“Now, for the first item!”

The first beautiful model walked to the front and opened the cloth, revealing a token .

The auctioneer introduced . ”This is a silver village creation token . Base price 10 thousand gold, buyout 30 thousand gold . Please place your bids . ”

As expected, the first item was already so enticing .

If it was a year ago, this rare token would be sold for a sky high price .

Unfortunately, a year had passed and the powers had already formed up . Even with a silver village creation token, one wouldn’t be able to establish himself in the wilderness .

The key was even with funds, the rank was one that stopped one from upgrading .

Ouyang Shuo was moved, instantly making the decision . What seemed useless to others was like a god weapon in his eyes .

“11 thousand gold!” Someone tested the water .

After the bid, no one followed . It was unexpectedly cold .

The sudden situation caught the auctioneer off guard, ”11 thousand gold, 11 thousand gold, are there any other bids?” In her eyes, was a glimpse of pleading .

If the village creation token was auctioned off like this, she definitely wouldn’t be able to keep her job .

“15 thousand gold!” Ouyang Shuo placed his bid .

Wah~~~

All the players looked toward the first suite like fools . Everyone knew who sat inside, the strongest lord in the China region- Qiyue Wuyi .

One can afford to be willful if he’s rich .

If he had only slightly raised the bid, someone else might have tried to fight him, but Ouyang Shuo had directly spent 15,000 gold .

No one else could act as rich as Ouyang Shuo and casually throw out such a high amount .

Just like this, the first item landed in his pocket .



* * *





Chapter 308




Chapter 308-

Chapter 308- Dark Horse

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

“Little Shuo, if you feel you have too much money, you can lend it to me . Must you be so stupid?”

The many people in the first suite definitely didn’t understand Ouyang Shuo’s actions, but to say it out so directly, only Lin Jing could do so .

“Sigh,” Ouyang Shuo had to explain, ”Little Aunt, I didn’t recklessly spend money . This village creation token is worth it . ”

“Explain yourself . If you don’t make sense, I’m going to beat you up!” Lin Jing was a swordswoman and her combat strength and damage output were obviously very high .

‘The token is prepared for Bing’er for her to build a territory . ”

“Are you kidding me? Bing’er is still a kid; how can she be a lord?”

Bing’er, who was sitting in the suite, curiously lifted her head when her brother mentioned her .

“Let me finish!”

Facing such an anxious senior, Ouyang Shuo was helpless .

“Speak!”

“Bing’er can’t manage it, but I can . I’m her guardian so based on the system setting, I can help her manage things until she reaches the legal age,” Ouyang Shuo explained .

“There’s such a setting . Why don’t I know it?”

“You aren’t a lord; of course, you wouldn’t know about it,” Ouyang Shuo muttered softly .

“Wuyi, I also didn’t know about this . Did any of youl know about it?” Bai Hua looked at the both of them bickering, so she wanted to help resolve the situation .

Xunlong Dianxue and the others all shook their heads, ” Nope . ”

“Isn’t there another term on the lord’s interface? It’s written clearly there . All of you, did you even read it carefully?”

“Wow boss, we really worship you . This terms and conditions are so long and stupid, a total of 20 pages . You actually finished reading it!” Gong Chengshi teased .

“Worship +1”

“+2”

“+3”

……

“That’s enough,” Ouyang Shuo facepalmed .

Why did everyone start playing a fool .

Amidst the laughter, the auctioneer started to auction off the second item .

The item on the second tray was revealed, it was an old scroll .

The auctioneer said, ”This book is the Suozi Armor Crafting Manual . The base price is 11 thousand and the buyout is 35 thousand . Please make your bids . ”

The Suozi Armor was a common armor—cavalry, infantry, or even archers could all equip it .

In terms of defense, the Suozi Armor was average . However, it was still naturally better than the system-generated armor . Hence, there was a serious competition for it .

“12 thousand!”

“13 thousand!”

“14 Thousand!”

……

“20 thousand!”

“22 thousand!:”

“23 thousand!”

The price continued to climb upward, and it quickly reached 25 thousand . The people who were left were Zhan Lang and Chun Shenjun .

Amongst the Shanhai Alliance, Ouyang Shuo had the Buren Armor and the Mingguang Armor, while Feng Qiuhuang had the Tiefutu Armor . Hence, they didn’t particularly need the Suozi Armor .

On the other hand, the Yanhuang Alliance were the ones who badly needed it .

In the end, Zhan Lang won the Suozi Armor with a bid of 28 thousand .

It wasn’t that Ouyang Shuo didn’t think about going in . After all, who would mind more armor varieties? Moreover, the Suozi armor also had some uses . Only, this was the 2nd item and he only had around 100 thousand, so it was better to play safer .

The speed of the auction started to slowly peak .

“Now, on to the third item of the auction . ”The auctioneer pointed to the third tray . ”Ming Dynasty Warship Building Manual, starting bid 15 thousand gold, buyout 45 thousand . Please make your bids . ”

“Ah!” Ouyang Shuo breathed in a breath of cold air, unable to control the excitement in his heart .

The thing he needed finally came out .

Before the ocean trading and exploration of the Qing Dynasty, the Ming Dynasty Warship technology was basically the highest level in China .

At that time, it could also be considered the best in the world .

Better yet, this was a collective manual, similar to what Ouyang Shuo had obtained in the 1st auction .

Getting it would mean wielding the warship building technology of a dynasty and even an era .

No one could remain calm .

Out of the top 10 territories in the China region, apart from Ouyang Shuo, only Ba Wang and Xunlong Dianxue were close to the ocean .

If one considered the river flow and that the map was 10 times larger, the intersections of waterways and rivers, especially in the south were numerous and warships were definitely needed .

One could imagine how a war would break out for this manual .

In less than 10 minutes, the price was raised up to 28 thousand gold .

The poor Xunlong Dianxue had no choice but to give up . He still owed the Four Seas bank money . Hence, he could only watch on .

Luckily for him, he had a strong ally .

“Boss, is it time to act?”

Ouyang Shuo was calm and didn’t rashly join in .

“Wait a while longer!”

“Still?” Xunlong Dianxue didn’t believe that Ouyang Shuo would give up on this .

Just at this moment, the pace of the bidding picked up .

“30 thousand!”

“33 thousand!”

“35 thousand!”

……

At last, Ouyang Shuo couldn’t stay calm, this was of absolute importance to the territory and was even more important than his life .

“38 thousand!” Ouyang Shuo bid once again .

Basically, this price was the limit of what the players could handle .

After Ouyang Shuo placed the bid, only Xiong Ba remained .

Xiong Ba was in his own suite and said out toward Ouyang Shuo, ”Brother Wuyi really is rich, enough to make people feel despondent . ”

“39 thousand!” Ouyang Shuo made a final gamble .

“40 thousand!”

Ouyang Shuo was firm and the moment Xiong Ba ended his words, he raised the bid . If Xiong Ba bid once more, he would buy out the item .

The whole place was in an uproar . A single item for 40 thousand gold was seemingly unbelievable .

“Brother Wuyi, mad respect . ” Xiong Ba raised both hands and surrendered .

In the end, Ouyang Shuo won it with 40 thousand gold .

The sound of the hammer made everyone turn around .

Di Chen, on the other hand, was relieved . ”If this continues, Qiyue Wuyi definitely wouldn’t be able to compete with us for that item . ”

Juedai Fenghua wasn’t so sure and said calmly, ”Did you forget about the first system auction?”

Di Chen froze . ”It’s different, Qiyue Wuyi has already spent 50 thousand . No matter how rich he is, he wouldn’t have much left . ”

“I really don’t know how he has so much money . In theory, he has just upgraded and needs loads of money . How would he have so much free cash?” Di Chen couldn’t understand .

Juedai Fenghua didn’t say anything, showing that she she was confused too .

“Do you think he used up the money to build the territory?”

“Do you think he’s a person that rushes for short term gain?”

“No!”

The sudden silence made one uncomfortable .

Chun Shenjun had a weird expression on his face . ”Such a strong assassin also didn’t manage to kill you, you are really lucky . ”

“I hope you won’t be my tripping stone, or else…”

Chun Shenjun was as cold as a snake looking at its prey .

After a short break, the auction continued .

“Now . we will begin on the 4th item . ” The auctioneer held up a scroll and said, ”After using this, one can immediately class change to the hidden occupation—Chi Cultivator, starting bid 12 thousand gold . Buyout would be 35 thousand gold . Please make your bids . ”

The moment the voice ended, the adventure gamemode players were immediately thrown into a state of uproar .

Chi Cultivator . It sounded like an incredible hidden occupation .

“18 thousand gold!”

“20 thousand gold!”

“22 thousand gold!”

……

“26 thousand gold!”

The blood of the adventure mode players’ was boiling, and they increased the bid 2000 by 2000 .

Ouyang Shuo was impressed . There were so many rich people in the guilds .

The bids continued and even the first suite wasn’t an exception .

Xie Siyun, who was a priest, was similar to a Chi Cultivator .

“30 thousand gold!” Xie Siyun bid for a second time .

Seeing that the price was reaching the buyout, the bidding slowed .

In the end, it was a battle between the top 10 guilds .

Apart from the guilds formed purely of work occupation players, the rest wouldn’t easily give it up . Even if they couldn’t use it, they could still give it to their core members .

Just as the guild leaders were competing, a bid was suddenly thrown out in the public area .

“35 thousand gold!”

The one that raised the tablet was a random player .

The atmosphere instantly frozed; the sudden silence was frightening .

In an instant, the pause was broken and the players caused a commotion .

Be it the players in the suites or those in the public area, they all looked at the dark horse with their mouths agape, wanting to see who in the world he was .



* * *





Chapter 309




Chapter 309-

Chapter 309- Hidden Aristocratic Family

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

The dark horse player was wearing a hood, and no one could see his appearance, making him look really mysterious . The minds of the leaders of the various guilds were like a thousand alpacas had ran across, they wanted to cry but no tears came out .

After raising the tablet, that player immediately left the public area . Then, they got up and exited the auction house .

Obviously, they had come for the class change scroll .

The 4th item had ended just like this . This dark horse player would become the biggest mystery during the second system auction .

Ouyang Shuo hadn't remembered that there was such a mysterious buyer in his last life .

Based on his conjecture, the person was either a solo player or he had completed some hidden quest and obtained a huge prize; or he was from a hidden aristocratic family . Only these two possibilities would explain why he had so much gold .

And he looked more like the latter .

For a normal solo player, even if he had gold, he wouldn't know what item would be up on the auction .

Was it that those mysterious aristocratic families finally couldn't stand the boredom and were coming out to play?

Thinking of this point, Ouyang Shuo had a weird expression on his face .

His rebirth had really changed many things .

To bring things into perspective, before Ouyang Shuo's identity was revealed, he was also thought to be a child of the aristocratic families . One could see how strong and mysterious they were .

Of the hidden aristocratic families, their numbers and members were unknown, whether they were good or bad were unknown, and they were like a fog that hung over the game .

Of course, hidden didn't mean they were hermits .

They were possibly your colleague, or some grandpa playing chess in the garden, or even the butcher or tailor .

Everything was possible .

As more and more powers took time to enter the field, the game was becoming more and more interesting .

The 2nd year of Gaia was destined to not be simple .

The auction continued .

"Now, let's begin the auction of the 5th item . "

The auctioneer pointed to the item on the tray and said, "This is The Shanwen Armor making technical manual . Starting bid is 13 thousand gold, buyout is 40 thousand gold . Please make your bids . "

Compared to the Song Dynasty Buren Armor, the Tang Dynasty Shanwen Armor was more pure . As the armor pieces were mostly in a ‘Shan’ shape, hence the name .

The Shanwen Armor was formed with three armor pieces, the typical Chinese model . The outer armor was beautiful and it fit the body, was easy to fix, and overall had a strong defensive ability, but as the crafting process was complicated, the cost was high, so it was mostly for generals and commanders .

Apart from Ouyang Shuo, no one was moved .

"14 thousand gold!"

"15 thousand gold!"

……

"17 thousand gold!"

"30 thousand gold!" Di Chen suddenly raised his tablet .

The auction pace was totally broken . His call had instantly brought the bidding price close to the buyout and showed he was determined to get it .

Di Chen wanted to use this method to obtain the item for the lowest price .

In the Shanhai Alliance, apart from Ouyang Shuo, only Bai Hua had the gold to continue .

The Yanhuang Alliance, Chun Shenjun, and Xiong Ba had the funds . However, oddly, neither of them didn't raise their tablets, seemingly having an understanding with Di Chen .

"31 thousand!" Bai Hua raised up her tablet .

Di Chen's eyes focused, he shouted without hesitation," 35 thousand gold!"

The huge jumps in bidding placed a lot of pressure on Bai Hua . She had only brought 40 thousand gold and had already spent a portion during the first round .

If she wanted to continue, she had to borrow money from Ouyang Shuo and with Di Chen's determination, he would choose to buyout the item .

After Bai Hua discussed with Tsing Yi, they chose to give up . One reason was that the price was too high, and secondly was that Shanhai City Army had already had the ability to sell armor . Hence, they didn't need to rush to make armor for themselves .

Suddenly, Ouyang Shuo suddenly whispered something in Bai Hua's ear .

Bai Hua was stunned and looked at him, speechless . She raised her tablet again, "36 thousand gold!"

Di Chen suite .

"Now what? Do we buy it out?" Di Chen asked .

Juedai Fenghua frowned . "Baihua probably has Qiyue Wuyi's support and wants to push us to the end, to be safe, we should buy it out . "

Di Chen sighed, "That's the only way . If it wasn't that we had prepared well, we might have failed again this time . " He still felt heart pained that he had spent 10 thousand more than expected .

40 thousand gold wasn't a small number and to prepare that sum, Handan County had lived frugally these past few months, and they pushed back many projects to be able to raise up the gold .

Di Chen tried so hard, but in the end, he still had no choice but to buy it out .

As usual, after the 5th item was auctioned, there would be a break .

During the break, the members of the Shanhai Alliance were curious about what Ouyang Shuo had said to Bai Hua . Based on the situation, she was ready to give up, so why did she suddenly continue?

Ouyang Shuo said calmly, "I told her to just bid . If she really won it, I'd pay the rest . Let's con Di Chen for a sum . "

"Haha, boss, well done!"

"Wuyi, you are really too evil . How can you con someone like this? Next time remember to include me . . . "

" . . . " Ouyang Shuo was speechless .

"If Di Chen knew the truth, he would cry out in pain, wouldn't he?"

"Haha!” Everyone burst out laughing .

"And Bai Hua, the ice goddess, actually did bad with our boss . I really didn't expect that!"

"I'm innocent . . . " Bai Hua tried to defend herself .

"Stop bluffing us big sister, you’re an evil person too!" Tsing Yi exposed Bai Hua .

"Haha!" Everyone burst out laughing again .

"Stupid brat, watch how I take care of you later . " Bai Hua's embarrassment turned into rage .

"Aiya, save my life . Big sister wants to kill me, save me ah . . . "

Everyone looked on from the side, no one wanted to help her .

"Sigh, all of you are betrayers!"

"Sister Tsing Yi, you asked for it, we can't help you!" Gong Chengshi helped fan the flames .

"Brother Shi, I will remember you!"

"Ah, I didn't do anything . " Gong Chengshi had a face full of innocence .

"You deserve it!"

Hearing the laughter coming out from the adjacent room, Di Chen shivered . He had the feeling like he was played by Ouyang Shuo .

No, it couldn't be, Di Chen consoled himself .

No matter what, he had reached his goal and successfully won the item he wanted .

With the Shanwen Armor, Handan County could form an elite infantry . With Lianpo as the General, the Handan County Army would welcome a huge change .

The Huangjin Uprising in the north would be his opportunity to rise .

After the break, the second half started immediately .

The auctioneer re-entered the stage to host the auction . During the first half of the auction, apart from the first item, the rest were sold for high prices, making her feel confident .

"'Now, we will begin the auction of the 6th item . " The auctioneer pointed at an old manual and said, "This mysterious region exploration scroll has a starting price of 10 thousand, and the buyout is 30 thousand . Please place your bids . "

This was the dream prize of the adventure mode players .

Different from the class change scroll, the value of this was harder to predict as it only gave players a chance to explore the mysterious region .

As for after tearing the scroll, whether the person would be able to explore the mysterious region, or what they could get from it, there weren't any promises .

If one was lucky, one could get a godly secret manual or a God weapon; if one was unlucky, he could get crafting materials or gold rank equipment .

Everything was unknown .

Of course, the system wouldn't be too dumb .

Passing the mysterious region, one could at least get a dark gold rank equipment .

Even so, the great powers circled it like eagles .

This was because high grade equipment and secret manuals were hard to get from monsters and missions . Especially in regards to cultivation techniques and secret manuals, King rank and above were hard to get .

The mysterious region gave one a chance, a possibility .

If one could take down the 1st mysterious region, it would cause a rise in the reputation of the guild .

Lords like Ouyang Shuo didn't have much interest, as only players could enter the mysterious region and soldiers and generals couldn't .

Hence, it was hard for lords to form a strong team .

"11 thousand gold!"

"12 thousand gold!"

……

"18 thousand gold!"

"19 thousand gold!"

The bidding price continued to rise . Not only were the top 10 guilds bidding, but even second rate guilds and small squads were going for it .

"21 thousand gold!"

"22 thousand gold!"

……

The bidding price continued to rise, and it seemed like it was getting close to the buyout .

At this point, the players looking on were hoping and waiting to see if there would be another dark horse .

"30 thousand gold!"

Yet another buyout .

However this time it wasn't a dark horse but the leader of the first guild, Blood Romance .

He was worried that something might happen and preferred to just buy out, showing the strength of the 1st ranked adventure mode player .



* * *





Chapter 310




Chapter 310-

Chapter 310- Godly Changing Point

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

"Now, time for the 7th item . " The auctioneer pointed at the 7th tray and introduced, "This is a merger token . After use, one can merge the subsidiary territory village creation token with a current city . Thus, one doesn't need to rebuild from scratch . The starting bid is 5000 and the buyout is 20 thousand gold, please make your bids . "

Ouyang Shuo didn't expect to see a second merger token .

Thinking about that, in the first merger token, there was still a spot that he hadn’t used .

Since these type of things were beneficial to Ouyang Shuo, he decided to obtain it even if he had to buy it out .

Ouyang Shuo understanding it didn't mean that others would . In the eyes of the other lords, the 2nd grade territory had 9 more spaces to use, so why would they need a merger token?

It was another unwelcomed product .

Ouyang Shuo didn't bid, as he didn't want to seem too eager . The others didn't bid, as they couldn't evaluate the worth of the token .

Zhan Lang and Di Chen had pretty much spent all their gold so they couldn't contest . Chun Shenjun and Xiong Ba wanted to hold their gold .

"6000 gold!" Someone from the public area bid .

With a ‘Shua’ sound, everyone turned and looked at him, thinking that they were witnessing a birth of another dark horse .

Suddenly becoming the focus of attention made that player filled with glee .

A minute has passed, and then, another . . .

As time slowly passed and no one outbid him, that player started to get anxious . As he thought about the consequences, his face grew ashen white .

He was just a small lord who wanted to get the spotlight and didn't want to obtain the token that he didn't even know the use for .

6,000 gold was all of his assets .

His expression naturally couldn't be hidden away from the eyes of the other players .

This was when the players realized that this wasn't a dark horse but a dumb horse .

The place grew raucous, as they laughed at that lord .

"6000 gold, are there any others that would like to bid?" The auctioneer was helpless, these fellows really couldn't see the value of it . "6000 gold once!"

That player's face was devoid of blood and his limbs were cold .

"6000 gold twice!"

The player had a face filled with despair .

Ouyang Shuo looked at the scene in amusement before slowly raising up the tablet .

Seeing that there was hope of it being a hot product, the auctioneer said excitedly, " 7000 gold! The first suite bids 7000 gold, are there any others that would like to bid?"

"Phew!" That player was relieved, and he laid on the chair like he had been revived . He looked gratefully at Ouyang Shuo and swore that he would find a chance to thank him .

The other players felt that Ouyang Shuo bid was to help out the other guy and praised him for his actions . Those people that wanted to try it out and bid also stopped wanting to contest .

Ouyang Shuo wouldn't stupidly clear the air, and with a cheap price of 7000, he obtained the token . Toward that player who was just trying to be famous, he was grateful .

If it wasn't for him, this merger token wouldn't have been at such a price .

Obtaining it, Ouyang Shuo still had 54,000 gold left, enough for one more item .

The cold reaction toward the merger token gave the auctioneer a headache . He loved but hated Ouyang Shuo as the two unpopular items were obtained by him . Such a lucky guy .

Then, the 8th item was revealed; it was actually a treasure sword .

Before the auctioneer introduced it, the adventure mode players became noisy . The second system auction actually had three items so far that were prepared for them .

"Now for the 8th item . " The auctioneer pointed at the sword . "This is a god sword and is 5th on the top 10 sword list, crafted by Ou Zhizi and Ganjiang, the two grandmaster swordsmiths, the starting bid is 20 thousand and buyout is 60 thousand . Please place your bids . "

The Qixing Longyuan was a really pure sword .

Legend said that Ou Zhizi and Ganjiang, to craft this sword, had chiseled the mountain and used the mountain stream water to form the Beidou Qixing beside the smithy furnace . After the sword was formed, looking down on the blade was like looking down from them mountain into the deep abyss, like there was a dragon's den . Hence, it was called Longyuan .

The god weapon, the first god weapon in the China region had actually appeared in the auction .

The players’ eyes were red like a rabbit’s and wished they could just rush forward and keep the sword .

No matter the lords or the adventure gamemode players, everyone was moved .

Hence, the atmosphere of the auction had reached its peak .

To the adventure gamemode players, they didn't care about the last item and only had the Qixing Longyuan in their eyes .

Unfortunately, the sky high price was something 99 . 9% of them couldn't afford .

Blood Romance's face was white and it was too late to regret . He regretted that he had spent the money at the front .

"Little Shuo I want this sword!"

Lin Jing took one glance at it and fell in love with the sword .

"Then bid!" Ouyang Shuo felt weird . He himself also wanted it . Even though his sword skills were lousy, it was good to add to his collection for a sense of achievement .

This was a god weapon, a god weapon he had dreamed of in his last life .

"I don’t enough money!" Lin Jing said in embarrassment .

For this auction, they had prepared 45,000 . After they used 5,000 in the first round, they only had 40,000 gold left .

In the short time that they were talking, the price had went up to 30 thousand .

The people with the real strength hadn't acted yet . They were clear that the intense battle hadn't started and they were borrowing gold from their allies .

"How do you know If I have money? I spent so much at the start . " Ouyang Shuo asked .

"You definitely have it!"

Shanhai City earning loads of money from reselling grain was something that Ouyang Shuo didn't hide from her . She definitely had an estimate of Ouyang Shuo's financial strength .

Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to lend her 20 thousand gold .

"Remember to return it!"

"Hen, stingy . " Lin Jing now had enough to buyout the item, so she was very confident .

"Cough!" Ouyang Shuo looked at his elder which was around his age .

This was 20 thousand gold . It wasn't 2 hundred or 2 thousand .

When Lin Jing got the money, she didn't bother about Ouyang Shuo and instead discussed with Xie Siyun .

"Should we just buy it out?" Facing the item that she liked, she lost her calmness .

Xie Siyun thought about it . "Let's wait for a while, if we can save some money, we should . " Using such a huge amount of money to buy something that only Lin Jing could use meant that they had to explain to the entire guild, it wasn't as simple as they thought .

Hence, they had to save what they could .

"32 thousand gold!"

"33 thousand gold!"

"35 thousand gold!"

"37 thousand gold!"

The price continued to climb with no signs of stopping .

"40 thousand gold!"

Finally the bid came to a point where the players bidding slowed down . To be able to last until now, thet were the real crocodiles . The cruel massacre had just began .

At this point, Yijian Xilai suddenly called out, "Let's not delay any longer! 45,000 gold!"

It was obvious that Yijian Xilai had already raised up the funds and wasn't going to give the others a chance . In such a short time, not everyone could raise up so much gold .

The 45 thousand gold bid had pushed the bidding to another levels .

"46 thousand gold!" The guild leader of 18 horsemen of Yanyun Yanzi Lisan closely followed .

Yijian Xilai froze, he didn't expect Yanzi Lisan to actually have the money .

Apart from the two of them, there wasn't a third person .

The two of them fought neck and neck; the victor wasn't determined yet .

1st suite .

"Should we follow?" Lin Jing was a little nervous .

"Wait for a while longer, I think that they are at their limits!" Li Siyun was as calm as normal .

"Okay, okay!" Lin Jing didn't want to wait .

She held the red tablet tightly in her hand, getting ready to raise it .

"47 thousand gold!" Yijian Xilai raised the bid .

"48 thousand gold!" Yanzi Lisan shouted .

The two of them started to fight one another and one didn't know how much gold the other brought .

"49 thousand gold!"

"50 thousand gold!"

The other players who were looking on nearly couldn't breathe, 50 thousand gold, such a huge number!

Lin Jing was so nervous that she was about to break the tablet, if it wasn't for Xie Siyun, she would have just bought it out .

A god weapon like the Qixing Longyuan was the ultimate dream of a swordsman and with it, one wouldn't wish for anything more .

"52 thousand gold!"

Yijian Xilai threw in all his gold .

Yanzi Lisan's face was ashen white, and he wasn't as calm as before . In truth, 50,000 gold was all he had . His heart wasn't as calm as his expression and he was just acting for Yijian Xilai .

He didn't expect that it would be of no use .

Seeing Yanzi Lisan's expression, Yijian Xilai was delighted .

"Haha, the Qixing Longyuan is mine!" Yijian Xilai couldn't help but laugh .

Yijian Xilai was a pure swordsman and was addicted to sword arts . That was why he agreed with Di Chen's conditions and managed to gather a sum .

The players looked toward him with envy and jealousy .

In the first suite, Xie Siyun softly said," Bid!"

"53 thousand gold!" Lin Jing instantly placed her bid .

"Hong~~" in an instance the place was in an uproar .

One wouldn't expect that in the end, a dark horse would appear .

No, no, it wasn't a dark horse but a wolf waiting in the dark .

Yijian Xilai's delighted expression had suddenly froze . He looked back at the first suite in disbelief and his face turned red .

This moment, he had lost all his face .

The auctioneer didn't bother about him and continued, "53 thousand once!"

"53 thousand twice! Are there anymore bids?"

"53 thousand thrice!"

"Peng!" As the auctioneer slammed the hammer, "Congratulations Snow Rose for getting the 8th item . "

When Yijian Xilai regained his composure and looked at the mocking expression of the players beside him, he gave a deadly stare toward the first suite .

Snow-War Rose Mercenary group, I'm not done with you!



* * *





Chapter 311




Chapter 311-

Chapter 311- Ten Famous Swords

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

"Haha, Yijian Xilai, you have lost so much face . "

As the huge show ended, Yanzi Lisan had already calmed himself down, and seeing Yijian Xilai getting KO’ed, he mocked him .

The old phrase: The favor of heavens will go around, retribution will definitely make one unhappy .

Yijian Xilai was furious and didn't have the face to stay, directly leaving the auction house .

In the end, with a sky high price of 53,000 gold, Lin Jing had successfully won the bid .

She had also made an enemy of Yijian Xilai with no chance of reconciliation; with his character, he would definitely find a way to take his revenge .

The stats of the Qixing Longyuan was so strong that it made the members of the Shanhai Alliance drool .

Name: Qixing Longyuan

Hardness: 88

Sharpness:90

Toughness: 85

Specialty: unique, can't be dropped, can't be traded . Blade Breaker (if the hardness of the sword is lower, chance to directly break the sword . )

Killing skill: Beidou Qixing (summoning the power of the seven stars forming the Beidou sword formation which was like the horns of the goat, an unseen attack which can't be blocked . )

Compared to a platinum rank weapon, the stats of a god weapon were incomparable; apart from the usual stats, the specialty meant that the user could not drop or trade the weapon, so one didn't need to be afraid of the god weapon being stolen .

Apart from that, the god weapon had another stat that gained the envy of many .

The strength of the killing skill had to do with the user's internal strength . The stronger it was, the stronger the killing skill . Basically when it was used, all of the internal strength of the user would be used up .

Hence, if Lin Jing wanted to use the god weapon to its best effect, she needed an emperor level or above cultivation method . Unfortunately, those were only obtained by luck .

Looking at the stats, Lin Jing even wanted to join the Dongli Sword sect and cultivate .

In the game, to prevent cultivation methods from being stolen, there was a strict restriction on teaching and passing down techniques . Even core disciples could only cultivate around 80% of the real skill .

Furthermore, when players join a sect, they must be bonded to it . With her position and identity, joining the Dongli Sword Sect was impossible .

Of course, what was most important about the god weapon was the hidden setting .

Based on the setting, the god weapon could be recreated in the real world, and it would be free . As for platinum ranked equipment, not only would there be a chance of failure, one must also use some achievement points .

With the god weapon in hand, one can rule the world .

If not, why would one say that having a god weapon was the dream of all adventure gamemode players?

The moment Lin Jing got the sword, her eyes had never left it as she looked at it in awe .

Just as she picked it up, a system notification sounded out .

"System notification: Congratulations Player Snow Rose for obtaining god weapon, officially triggering series quest, ten famous swords appear in the wilderness!"

The moment the notification sounded out, there was another uproar .

The players in the auction house had personally witnessed how popular a top 10 sword was . To be able to get one, even if one didn't use it for himself, he could be able to sell it and survive happily for many years .

Getting rich overnight was no longer a dream .

Even the Shanhai Alliance members were excited . They had seen the strength of the stats of a god weapon and their desire for one was this much greater than that of normal players .

The presence of the god weapon had surpassed occupations, and every player wanted one .

Especially to swordsmen, the god weapon was a lethal poison . Hong Ying, who saw the stats of the Qixing Longyuan, was now bugging Bai Hua, making her speechless .

Even Song Jia, who had the Qingfeng Sword, desired the Qixing Longyuan . If the one who was in the auction wasn't Lin Jing, she would have asked Ouyang Shuo to buy it . Now, seeing the quest being announced, her eyes brightened and she swore that she would get one .

Seeing the huge commotion of the players, Ouyang Shuo shook his head .

The ten famous swords were: the Xuanyuan Sword, Zhan Lu sword, Chixiao Sword, Qin Ah Sword, Qixing Longyuan Sword, Ganjiang Sword, Moya Sword, Yuzhang Sword, Cunjun Sword and the Chengyin Sword .

The Xuanyuan sword was in the hand of the Yellow Emperor . As such, it was nearly impossible for players to get it . Zhanlu sword was in Yuefei's hand, so it wouldn't appear yet; Chixiao Sword was in Liu Bang's hand and temporarily wouldn't appear .

Hence, the players only had a chance to come into contact with 6 god weapons .

In his last life, someone had triggered the quest, and it wasn't as easy as one expected .

Five years in the last life, only 4 of the god swords appeared, which showed how hard the quest was .

Ouyang Shuo was really interested in the Chixiao sword, but that was the sword of an emperor .

Who knew if he would have fate with it in this life .

Compared to the ten famous swords, what interested Ouyang Shuo most was the swordsmith Ou Zhizi .

One must know that out of the 10, half were made by him . Adding his son-in-law Ganjiang and daughter Moyà, they made all 10 .

Ou Zhizi was the only saint rank swordsmith, and based on the era, he was already born . If not, the system wouldn't have taken the Qixing Longyuan out to sell .

If he could find Ou Zhizi and have suitable materials, god weapons would be easy to come by .

Of course, to be able to attract Ou Zhizi, one must be a home of swordsmithing . In Ouyang Shuo's memory, Lianzhou Basin did not have such a place .

In the last life, Ou Zhizi chose a spot and focused on crafting swords .

In this life, Ouyang Shuo wanted to try to be able to find this master first .

After the system notification, the auction was nearing its end . The last two auction items were about to be revealed .

"Now, onto the 9th item . " The auctioneer pointed to the old book on the tray and said, "This is a gunpowder making technical manual . Starting price 10 thousand, buyout is 30 thousand . Please place your bids . "

Gunpowder wasn't a rare product in the wilderness . There would be more or less some sources . But to produce gunpowder on a large-scale, one needed a specific technical manual .

To other territories, gunpowder was a support item, but to the Shanhai City Navy, it was an important skill and was of great help to the research institute .

Ouyang Shuo didn't hesitate and before the others could react, he bought it out .

Before they reacted, the 9th item was already sold .

The auctioneer was really amazed by Ouyang Shuo’s lack of hesitation .

"Now, onto the 10th item . " The auctioneer pointed at an old book on the tray, "This is the siege weapon crafting technical manual, starting price 15 thousand gold, buyout 45 thousand, please make your bids . "

There were many types of olden siege weapons like scaling ladder, catapult, siege chariot, siege towers, ballista and the like .

An additional type of siege weapon was always good . Till date, Shanhai City could only make the scaling ladder .

Ouyang Shuo counted the gold he had in his storage bag, with the 7,000 that Little Aunt returned to him, he had 43,000 gold before he bought the 9th item .

He only had 13 thousand left after buying out the last item, not even meeting the starting price .

This was probably the goal of Chun Shenjun, thinking about the assassination on the streets, Ouyang Shuo was extremely cold; he wouldn't let Chun Shenjun get away with it .

"Bai Hua are you interested in getting this?" Ouyang Shuo asked .

"Of course . " Bai Hua nodded, she frowned," but I only have 35 thousand . "

"I'll lend 10 thousand to you, but you have to get it; we can't let it fall into the hands of Yanhuang Alliance . "

"Wuyi, why don't you take it?" Bai Hua felt weird .

"No money . "

" . . "

"Damn, I thought boss had an endless supply of money . I didn't think there would be a day!"

Ouyang Shuo's mouth twitched, as he stared at Gong Chengshi .

Like a cold wind swept by, Gong Chengshi's heart shivered; he instantly kept quiet .

"Ok . I'll borrow from you and pay you back through the bank!" Bai Hua agreed in return to allow the Four Seas Bank to open a branch in Consonance County .

Ouyang Shuo nodded, so much easier to talk to smart people .

4th suite, Chun Shenjun was there .

He yawned and muttered, "Is it finally going to start?"

That's right . From the start, his goal was the 10th item and he had prepared 50,000 gold enough to buy it out .

Chun Shenjun was looking on from the side . Qiyue Wuyi had already won 4 items . No matter what, he wouldn't have enough money . As for others, he didn't even consider them .

He was now just ready to get it at the lowest price, the bidding was just a dumb situation .

The bidding process happened just as he had expected .

"16 thousand gold!"

"17 thousand gold!"

……

"21 thousand gold!"

"22 thousand gold!"

……

"30 thousand gold!"

Reaching 30 thousand gold, it pretty much stopped moving .

Chun Shenjun saw that the time was right, so he was ready to bid .

Suddenly, Bai Hua raised up the red tablet .

The auctioneer was elated and loudly announced, "Congratulations to Bai Hua in the 1st suite, buying out the item . This auction has ended . Thank you for your patronage!"

Chun Shenjun's expression was the same as Yijian Xilai’s, totally frozen .

"Haha~~"

From the first suite, there was uncontrolled laughter .

The scheming and well prepared Chun Shenjun had once again left the auction empty handed .



* * *





Chapter 312




Chapter 312-

Chapter 312- Fangmo Duduan

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Amongst the uproar, the curtains on the second system auction were drawn .

Out of the 10 items, Ouyang Shuo had 4, taking the silver village creation token, Ming Dynasty Warship Making Manual, merger token and the Gunpowder Making technical manual .

Apart from that, Lin Jing took the Qixing Longyuan, and Bai Hua took the Siege Weapon Crafting technical manual .

Shanhai Alliance had once again taken up most of the items in the auction .

Di Chen took the Shanwen Armor Making Technical Manual, Zhan Lang took down the Suozi Armor Making Technical Manual, Blood Romance took the mysterious region exploration scroll, and the mysterious player took the Chi Cultivator hidden occupation class change scroll .

After this auction, the Yanhuang Alliance would have a leap in their armor levels . As for the sad outcomes of Yijian Xilai and Chun Shenjun, no one would empathize .

The highest bidder won, it was obviously like that .

Ouyang Shuo brought 120,000 gold to the auction . In the end, he was left with 3000 gold . In the auction next year, who knew how intense it would get?

After the auction ended, Ouyang Shuo immediately returned to his territory . As for the assassination in Jingdou, Ouyang Shuo would wait until he completed all the stuff he had at hand before he had any free time to tackle that matter .

No matter who the mastermind was, Ouyang Shuo was going to take revenge on Blood Sword . Since they made him their target to announce their presence to the world, they had to be prepared for him to go all out for revenge .

Returning to the territory, Ouyang Shuo passed the Ming Dynasty Warship Making Manual over to the Beihai Shipyard and the Gunpowder Making technical manual over to the Research Institute No . 7 .

With these two technical manuals, the Beihai Naval fleet would have a huge upgrade .

The merger token was used to merge with the 3 black iron village creation tokens from Qiushui County . Hence, inside Ouyang Shuo's storage bag were 4 more village creation tokens .

As for that village creation token that he obtained, he would deal with it after he has dealt with all matters at hand .

As for the location of the village, Ouyang Shuo had it planned .

After dealing with some matters, it was already late at night . Only then did Ouyang Shuo return to the lord's manor .

The next day, Ouyang Shuo directly headed to the Recruitment Hall to recruit a historical figure .

The Recruitment Hall had a year cooldown, making Ouyang Shuo feel heart-pained but happy at the same time .

As for the monthly recruitment of a special talent, it was nothing much to the territory . Among the refugees that spawned every day, there would be at least a high ranked talent .

The anniversary update increased the settings of the aboriginal people, and there was a new setting where the lord could use to check the different type of talents in his territory .

Ouyang Shuo only paid attention to the A class talents .

As expected, Cui Yingyu, Cui Shousi, Gu Xiuwen, Zhou Haichen, Zhao Sihu, Wang Feng, Sun Tengjiao, and the like were there . A few of the core members of the backbone were all of the A class .

As for those like Zhao Dewang, Zhao Youfang, Qian Lifei, Du Xiaolan, they only had class B potential . Zhang Daniu, Songsan, Zheng Shanpao, and the like had class C potential .

Overall, the leaders and talents in Shanhai Territory could be considered to be plentiful .

Ouyang Shuo pushed open the gate of the Recruitment Hall and walked beside the teleportation formation, placing his palm into the wooden tablet that caved in . A system notification sounded out .

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for activating Recruitment Hall, you have one chance to recruit historical personnel and one chance to recruit special talent, would you recruit?"

"Recruit Historical Talent!"

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for recruiting emperor rank historical person-Du Ruhui, deducting 100 gold . ”

A white light shone across and a middle-aged scholar walked out of the teleportation portal, "Keming greets lord!"

Du Ruhui, it was actually Du Ruhui!

Wasn't this the talent that Ouyang Shuo had always wanted? Thinking non-stop about something has its rewards .

Ouyang Shuo immediately rushed to help him up . Then, he said sincerely, "Sir, please get up!"

As one of the important advisors under Li Shimin during the Sui and Tang dynasty, they were able to run the camp well and gain the envy and praise of many .

During the years of the dynasty, Du Ruhui was the right hand men and also a high ranked military official .

The Du Ruhui in front of him was at his peak period . The only worry was probably his body and health . In history, he was sick during the fourth year of the dynasty and passed away, only 46 years old when he died .

When he walked out of the teleportation formation, he couldn't help but cough, his body was slightly slouched and his health wasn't that good .

A look of worry flashed across Ouyang Shuo's face .

As he brought him out of the Recruitment Hall, Ouyang Shuo took a look at his stats .

Name: Du Ruhui (Emperor Rank)

Dynasty: Sui and Tang

Identity: Shanhai city resident

Occupation: Civil Servant

loyalty: 75

Command: 75

Force: 40

Intelligence: 75

Politics: 85

Specialty: Quick thinking (Raise efficiency of territory by 20%), Vision (Raise the success rate of plans by 25%), Capable enough to be a prime minister (Raise handling level of the territory by 10%)

Evaluation: Number 3 mong the Lingyan Pavillion 24 officials . Smart, capable to be a prime minister, great analyst, morally upright inside and outside . Thinks for the future, able to plan for the country and help the country take over and rule; well read in culture and classics, radiates morals and is a good example .

Compared to Fang Xuanling, Du Ruhui's reputation was a bit weaker, and it had something to do with him dying early . In terms of ability, the two of them were equal .

One was good at drafting out plans while the other was good at making decisions, they were known as the Fangmou Duduan .

Du Ruhui's appearance gave Ouyang Shuo a huge confidence boost .

Ouyang Shuo led him into his reading room and personally explained the situation to him .

Du Ruhui quickly got into character . He wasn't just a listener . At times, he would ask some questions, which Ouyang Shuo answered one by one .

In less than an hour, both of them were in a deep conversation .

"Keming, I’m thinkin of letting you lead the Military Affairs Department; do you have any opinions?" Ouyang Shuo asked .

Du Ruhui nodded; he had something on his mind .

During the conversation, Du Ruhui noticed that the lord had some worry about the imbalance in the military . The Military Affairs Department was unable to form prestige and status and couldn't form a balance with Baiqi who was the overall general; even the 3 divisions might not be tamed by them, which was undoubtedly a dangerous signal .

Leading the Military Affairs Department was a huge challenge .

Not mentioning the famous General Baiqi, even Shi Wanshui, Er'Lai and Luo Shixin were all excellent talents and to put them in their place and make them listen to you to form up a balance wasn't an easy thing to do .

As for how the current director Ge Hongliang felt, Du Ruhui didn't think about it . He knew that since the marquis had made such a decision, he would deal with everything and didn't need an official like him to worry .

What Du Ruhui didn't expect was for things to be so interesting the moment he arrived .

"Lord, don't worry . I won't let you down," Du Ruhui replied .

Ouyang Shuo nodded . This was Du Ruhui; he was direct and wouldn't drag things out in his dealings .

Following this, both of them had a deep conversation about military affairs .

The reason why the Military Affairs Department wasn't as it sounded, apart from Ge Hongliang's ability being limited, was that the internal structure was widely spread .

The four divisions under it, mainly the Military Intelligence Division, the War Logistics Division, the Armory Division, and the Bow and Arrow Division . Out of those four, the Military Intelligence Division was in charge of intel while the rest were focused on logistical support .

Out of the four, there actually wasn't a division that was in charge of directing and commanding . No wonder the generals would think that the Military Affairs Department was just a supporting unit .

Ouyang Shuo wanted to make use of the reshuffling of the Military Affairs Director to reorganize the structure of the department .

Du Ruhui had led the army . Hence, he was highly familiar with army related military affairs . His many ideas and views brightened Ouyang Shuo's eyes, and he learned a lot .

In a morning, both of them basically nailed down the new structure of the Military Affairs Department .

On that afternoon, Ouyang Shuo invited General Baiqi and the director and officials from the Military Affairs Department for a meeting .

In the main meeting hall, Ouyang Shuo sat on the upper platform, Du Ruhui sat on the first seat on the right . Baiqi sat on the 1st seat on the left .

Following which was Ge Hongliang and the four secretaries .

Seeing Du Ruhui, Ge Hongliang had a bad premonition .

During this period of time, as Baiqi took up the job, Ge Hongliang had a hard time . He was basically usurped by Baiqi and became a director with no power .

Such days were pretty much torture to Ge Hongliang .

Du Ruhui's arrival pretty much meant that a big change was going to happen .

Ouyang Shuo noticed his expression, and a thought flashed across his mind . He could have asked Ge Hongliang to enter his room and personally tell him the news, but he didn't do so .

He wanted to see how Ge Hongliang would react to such a tough situation, would he still be loyal?

This was a test for Ge Hongliang .

As the territory continued to expand, interest disputes started to be more common and factions started to form .

A year of training made Ouyang Shuo more calm and he had thoughts on how to defend against such situations .

The blood and fire training had made Ouyang Shuo cold and resolute .

As time passed, Ouyang Shuo became more and more serious and fierce . Now Qing'er and the others wouldn't dare to play a farce in front of him . Even Fan Zhongyan and the others had more respect for him .

The road to become an emperor, how would it be easy and smooth?

If one got more, one would lose more too . In the end, that person would become a lonely .



* * *





Chapter 313




Chapter 313-

Chapter 313- One Up One Down

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Before the meeting, Ouyang Shuo introduced Du Ruhui to the officials seated .

Hearing that Du Ruhui was once a high minister of the army, Baiqi had a flash of light in his eyes . Ge Hongliang on the other hand sunk down as his premonition came true .

As for the others, they didn't have the right to voice their opinions .

The meeting officially began and Ouyang Shuo directly announced the reorganization of the Military Affairs Department .

"The Combat Logistics Division will now become the Combat Logistics Department . Under it will be the three divisions as well as the cave military factory . Apart from grain and equipment, the department is also in charge of the reserve force and daily training . The director of military affairs will become the director of the Combat Logistics Department, the other 3 Secretaries will remain . "

As Ouyang Shuo's words were completed, the expressions of everyone seated were very complex .

On the surface, it looked like Ge Hongliang's rank didn't change and was moved laterally; actually, in terms of power he was just in charge of logistics and his power largely decreased .

Ge Hongliang kept the same expression, bowing and saying, "Yes, my lord . "

Going back to his seat, Ge Hongliang heaved a sigh of relief, it was like a huge rock had landed on the ground . The pressure on him was making it hard to breathe and this arrangement was a sort of a release .

Ouyang Shuo nodded . Seeing Ge Hongliang act so calm, he was pleased .

After setting up the Combat Logistics Department, their position was very important and concerned the life of the entire army . If Ge Hongliang didn't put in effort, Ouyang Shuo wouldn't let him stay for long .

Song San and the other 2 Secretaries, upon seeing Ge Hongliang being so calm, also felt many different thoughts .

One couldn't say that Ge Hongliang didn't try his best . It was just that there were too many generals in the army and the competitive spirit was too high, so no matter how much he tried, he could only step back .

Hence, one could see that the lord chose his talents in such a way: those that were worthy would be promoted while those who weren't would be removed .

Thinking about that, the three Secretaries were nervous . Even the director could be replaced, as Secretaries, naturally they could be as well .

No one was irreplaceable, and having a high position didn't mean that they wouldn't be touched .

Song San was more panicked . As the territory continued to increase, the outer environment became more and more complicated, and the position of the Military Intelligence Division became more and more important .

The more important the division was, the higher the pressure was on Song San . He was scared that there would be a day that the marquis relieved him of his position .

Ouyang Shuo looked around and continued, "The Combat Logistics Department belongs to the Military Affairs Department, and at the same time, a War Division and a Military Law Division would be created under the Military Affairs Department . The War Division will be in charge of war planning and commanding, the Military Law Division would be in charge of military law . Du Ruhui will be the director of the Military Affairs Department and the secretary of the war division . The secretary of the Military Law Division will currently be left empty .

The military law secretary would also be called the military Chief Justice, and he needed to find one who wasn't afraid of power and could do his duty unfazed . Shanhai City temporarily didn't have such a talent .

At this point, the Military Affairs Department had control of 4 key areas: military intelligence, military law, war and combat logistics . With Du Ruhui's ability, he would be able to rebuild the prestige in a short amount of time .

The overall general Baiqi and military affairs director Du Ruhui each controlled one aspect . Baiqi was mainly in charge of war time commanding and troop training, while Du Ruhai was in charge of daily building and war time protection .

As the dust settled, Song San and the others were delighted but didn't dare show it .

The Military Affairs Department was so weak that Secretaries like them didn't have power to speak up . Now, changing directors to one who had vast experience, was highly capable, and highly trusted, it was a huge advantage to be his subordinates . With someone backing them, they didn't need to be bullied by the 3 divisions .

As for how the personality of their boss was like, they would find out as they worked with them .

With the appointment of Du Ruhui, in the 4 departments of Lianzhou Lord’s Manor, apart from Cui Yingyu, the leaders were all historical people .

The next day, the clerk room reported the appointments of Du Ruhui and Ge Hongliang to the various military headquarters .

Ouyang Shuo delegated a lot of power to Du Ruhui . The building of the War Division and the Military Law Division was passed onto him . Du Ruhui had the authority to take people from the military or the Army Military Academy to add to the Military Affairs Department .

Du Ruhui was a person who worked fast, and in the same day, he followed Ge Hongliang to inspect the reserve force and the 4 military workshops . On the second day, he went to the various division camps to see .

Gaia second year, 1st month, 4th day

The Rattlesnake Mercenary Group leader, Black Mamba, visited Shanhai City .

Black Mamba came in secret and didn’t bring any of his subordinates . He was an ex-special forces member . In reality, he was a famous personality, but in the game he was unusually low profile .

The planet migration as well as Earth Online in truth gave everyone the opportunity to start over afresh . One’s relationships and information would have to be reformatted and changed .

Black Mamba realized this point and wanted to make use of the game, leading a bunch of his brothers and complete a wonderful revival .

Changing was never an easy thing . Although Black Mamba did a lot of preparation, he lacked an opportunity or to better put it, a spark .

Ouyang Shuo had taken the initiative to be that spark, and it was the opportunity that Black Mamba yearned so much for .

The both of them clicked instantly once they met . As the cooperation between Shanhai City and Rattlesnake Mercenary Group continued to progress, the private relationship between Ouyang Shuo and Black Mamba also deepened, and it wasn’t just a normal business partner relationship .

The 500 strong crossbows that he promised had all been delivered to the Rattlesnake Mercenary Group, increasing their strength substantially . They also recently did some large scale buying and selling and had received a lot of rewards .

Towards Ouyang Shuo’s good intentions, Black Mamba remembered them deeply in his heart .

His personality was similar to that of Gong Chengshi . He was an unrefined person with a little bit of clinginess .

The only difference was that Gong Chengshi, that brat, had the tendency to look for trouble and was looking to be beaten up .

Black Mamba was different, bold and exquisite, cold and warm, four different personality types perfectly combined in his body . To brothers, he would help out at all costs, while to enemies, he was cold and ruthless .

The meeting place was arranged to be at Ouyang Shuo’s reading room .

When they were conversing, they were both very casual .

“I heard that during this auction, little brother, you once again took the limelight!” Black Mamba teased .

Ouyang Shuo laughed . ”Heh, I nearly got killed . Jingdou really isn’t safe, ah!”

Black Mamba’s eyes focused . ”Little brother is talking about the assassination? I’ve heard about it but it was just random rumors . Can you tell me exactly what is going on?”

“It’s the Blood Sword . ”

“Blood Sword?” Black Mamba frowned . He had absolutely no clue .

“Even I stumbled upon them by accident, much less you . ” Ouyang Shuo lied and said, ”Talking about that, they can be considered to be the same trade as you . ”

“How so?” Black Mamba had unknowingly sat straight up .

As one always said, people from the same trade were enemies . Black Mamba had to pay attention .

“Have you heard of Canhua?”

“Canhua? The most mysterious killing organization in real life? Don’t tell me they are Blood Sword?” Black Mamba got emotional and his words were much faster and one question followed another .

“That’s right, it’s them!”

“No wonder!” Black Mamba sighed . ”If it was them then this is nothing special as their styles are exactly the same . ”

Reaching up to this point, Black Mamba looked at Ouyang Shuo with a complicated expression and praised . ”Little brother’s identity really makes me curious . Be it us or Canhua, we can’t escape your eyes . ” In truth, Black Mamba’s heart wasn’t as calm as what he appeared to be .

Ouyang Shuo laughed but didn’t make a sound .

He didn’t have any mysterious identity . It was just that he was relying on his advantage of having two lives . He naturally wouldn’t explain it even though the both of them were friends .

Many times, for one to maintain a little mystery was a good trump card to keep .

If one played this card right, it would make the enemy worry about you and be more cautious when plotting against you . At the same time, they will respect you and think twice about betraying you .

Hence, Ouyang Shuo naturally wouldn’t reveal this trump card . In his last life, he was betrayed and that made him stone-hearted . He wouldn’t totally trust a person .

Ouyang Shuo remembered that a person once said that: If one didn’t want to be betrayed, the best method was to not give them a chance or a reason to betray you .

Ouyang Shuo firmly believed in that statement .

“If Blood Sword is Canhua, that makes things hard . ” Black Mamba skipped over the topic and didn’t talk about it again . He understood that everyone had their secrets and to maintain a long lasting relationship, one shouldn’t touch each others’ secrets .

“In reality, have you guys made contact?” Ouyang Shuo asked .

“We actually have . ” Black Mamba said bitterly, ”We were doing an escort mission . In the end, our escort target was their assassination target . ”

“You guys fought?”

“If not, what?” Black Mamba raised his arms wide, his laugh was a little depressed . Thinking about that encounter, he still had some regrets . “That time, we sacrificed a total of 30 brothers and still didn’t manage to save the target . ” That was also one of the few failures of Rattlesnake .

Even the famous Rattlesnake had failed under the hands of Canhua, so this enemy was certainly different .



* * *





Chapter 314




Chapter 314-Snake

Chapter 314-Snake and Rat

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

The truth that Blood Sword was actually Canhua shocked Black Mamba .

At this point, Black Mamba finally understood why Ouyang Shuo had asked him to come to Shanhai County, so he took the initiative to say,” Little brother, what do you need me to help? If I can do it, I definitely will!”

Ouyang Shuo nodded, “Then, I wouldn’t hold back . I hope that you could help me investigate them and find out the location of their base . ”

“Investigating them is no problem,” Black Mamba said without hesitation, “I also want to deal with them and bury the hatchet!”

When he thought about the brothers that had died, Black Mamba felt heartbroken . In reality, Canhua were like ghosts . He had put in a lot of effort, but he still didn’t manage to find their base .

He always thought about that issue, and it had become one of his greatest regrets .

He didn’t expect to have a chance to fight against them once more in the game!

“Little brother, do you have any clues?” Blood Sword obviously followed the style of Canhua; they had prepared for an entire year before they appeared in Jingdou .

The game map was ten times larger than real life, so to find them was harder than ascending the heavens .

“The members of Blood Sword all have two identities—one in the light, and one in the dark . Their location is definitely in one of the imperial cities, but that might not be their base . It might be a shop or a teahouse . They could even be in the Yamen; everything is a possibility,” Ouyang Shuo recalled what he had known about the Blood Sword in his last life .

Even so, his understandings of the Blood Sword were very limited .

They were simply too mysterious!

In his last life, up until Ouyang Shuo died, the leader of Blood Sword was still a mystery .

“Just these?” Black Mamba felt a little disappointed .

Ouyang Shuo nodded, “I only know this . ”

“How do they receive their missions?” Black Mamba asked the crux of the problem .

“Based on my understandings, the one in charge of getting the mission is a middle man . He will pass the information to the headquarters of Blood Sword through a secret method . Then, the headquarters will assign missions to the members . From start till end, the members won’t have any relationship with the client,” Ouyang Shuo explained .

“These bunch of tortoises . They really are mice that won’t see the light,” Black Mamba couldn’t help but scold, “Can we find some clues through the middleman?”

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, “I’m afraid that will be very difficult . The middleman they choose are all work occupation players . Even if we find them, they wouldn’t tell us anything . Furthermore, with the communication methods in the game, even the middleman won’t know much about them . ”

“No matter what, there’s still a chance . In this game, there is something worse than being dead . I don’t believe that if we catch the middlemen, he won’t say anything,” Black Mamba bared his white teeth .

If one talked about interrogation techniques, Black Mamba was a professional .

“I will inform the various offices in the imperial cities and help you all investigate . We can put our point of focus in Quanzhou . There, Shanhai County has a little influence,” Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to reveal a small trump card .

Black Mamba’s eyes brightened, “Little brother, you really are amazing, even managing to influence the imperial city . I really admire you . ”

“Elder brother, you must be joking . I’m just lucky because of Mazu . ”

“With the clues that you have provided, we will not be grasping at straws . ” Black Mamba laughed, “Don’t worry, little brother . Give me a little time, and I will find their rat hole . ”

“Thank you, brother . If you need anything, just ask!”

“Why are we saying such words . You . ” Black Mamba waved him off, “This matter is also Rattlesnake’s matter, so you don’t need to worry . ”

“Great!” Ouyang Shuo nodded, “Let’s go and have a drink!”

When he heard Ouyang Shuo mention drinking, Black Mamba instantly grew excited and laughed, “Haha, I also have that intention . I really want to drink your Three Flowers Wine . ”

“When you return, I will prepare two big jars for you . I can promise that you will never be able to finish drinking it . ” Ouyang Shuo knew that Black Mamba viewed wine as his life . As such, he took the opportunity to return a favor .

“That’s definitely necessary . Little brother really knows me!” Black Mamba didn’t hold back .

The paired downed the wine and started to talk about everything .

With half a kilogram of wine in his belly, Black Mamba was on cloud nine . Suddenly, he thought of the teaching squad still in Shanhai County and asked, “How are Viper and Cobra . They didn’t lose my face, right?”

Ouyang Shuo had bad alcohol tolerance, and he wasn’t used to drinking strong wine . Luckily, this was a game . If not, it would be really spicy and choking . Although one couldn’t get drunk, a person with poor alcohol tolerance would turn red if they drank a lot .

Ouyang Shuo’s face was already as red as a monkey’s butt . If you mentioned it, he couldn’t even speak fluently anymore, “How . . . How can that be, them two . . , Are…talents, they make the special… special force, good training, making them up to . . . Up to par . . . ”

Ouyang Shuo really wasn’t exaggerating, Cobra and Viper adapted to the cold weapons era and their battle conditions, instilled the modern special forces battle methods into the cold weapons era, and came up with several different ideas .

Ouyang Shuo couldn’t help but praise their ideas .

Apart from basic physical training, the special forces had to undergo four different types of training .

Firstly, fighting technique . Each person needed to master every type of weapon, which included swords, bows, spears, crossbows, axes and more . Each special force member could fight in many methods, areas, and times . They could fight in places like alleys, during the night, and they could also chase and escape from danger .

After the end of the training, Ouyang Shuo also planned to prepare suitable cultivation techniques for them to improve their combat strength .

Secondly, mobile technique training . Horse riding was a necessary skill and caring for the horse was also a basic requirement . Apart from that, they needed to learn how to sail a boat and cross rivers and seas .

In the future, as the territory continued to expand, there might be mounts like war elephants and wolves .

Thirdly, infiltration techniques . Parachuting, climbing, crossing enemy territory, understanding maps as well as long distance traveling—one had to be good at all of these .

Parachuting and climbing were the two training skills that Ouyang Shuo paid the most attention to . During the battle of Changping, the success of parachuting gave Ouyang Shuo hope and confidence .

Fourthly, investigation and spying techniques . Mainly infiltrating, listening, capturing, interrogating, drawing and describing the environment as well as other methods . One also needed to know how to communicate with hidden signals .

The spies in the Military Intelligence Division also had to undergo such training .

All in all, to prepare these training programs, Cobra and Viper had put in a lot of effort .

“That’s great . If not, I’m going to teach them a lesson!” Black Mamba was really a wine barrel as his facial color didn’t even change a little bit .

“Big brother has the luck to have so many great people . I’m so envious . ” Under the influence of the wine, Ouyang Shuo stopped thinking about his words and just spoke what came to mind .

“Hehe, little brother, you don’t need to envy me! I heard that the number of historical people in Shanhai County is about to pass into the tens, and you even have the war saint . ”

“Yes, my territory is so big, I have so many people but its still not enough . ”

“You ah you!” Black Mamba pointed at Ouyang Shuo and laughed .

“And don’t lay your eyes on Cobra and Viper; they aren’t for sale!” Black Mamba was still a little worried and added .

Ouyang Shuo smiled and appeared a little embarrassed . Luckily, he was already red from the wine . If not, it would be a little awkward . He actually did think of poaching Viper and Cobra .

After they spent time with one another, Ouyang Shuo had found out the strengths of Cobra and Viper .

Viper was a more muscle type of guy . When training the members, he had his own style, especially in weapons use and grappling techniques . In these apects, his abilities were insane .

If he could poach him over, he would be the best choice to train new troops .

Cobra was different . Like his name, he was a little cold . In terms of intelligence gathering, he had a unique talent .

Song San and Leng Qian also couldn’t help but praise him . Lengqian was honest—in front of Cobra, he felt completely useless; it was like he didn’t know anything .

Ouyang Shuo had wanted to poach him over to lead the Military Intelligence Division .

If he thought about it, with Cobra sitting at the helm, be it obtaining information or the accuracy of the information, it would be several times higher .

As for the problems of trust, Ouyang Shuo wasn’t worried .

Since the Rattlesnake Mercenary Group were already on board, there was no reason to get off . Ouyang Shuo would think of a way to tie them straight onto then war chariot of Shanhai County .

Ouyang Shuo didn’t expect that even though Black Mamba looked like he drank a lot, he was still very clear headed . Black Mamba easily looked through his intentions and immediately rejected them .

Ouyang Shuo didn’t mind as it was to be expected .

Black Mamba not agreeing today just meant that their relationship wasn’t close enough . Or, putting it in another way, the chips that Ouyang Shuo had put out weren’t enough to move Black Mamba .

As long as both sides had the same goals, once Ouyang Shuo managed to tie down the Rattlesnake Mercenary Group to Shanhai County, everything would be settled .

Black Mamba cared about relationships, but he cared more about interests . If he could gain excellent rewards for letting go of Cobra and Viper, he would definitely agree .

Black Mamba was also a very arrogant person . Thus, Ouyang Shuo was very confident in his read of the Black Mamba’s character .



* * *





Chapter 315




Chapter 315-

Chapter 315- Perusing Steel Technique

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

After he sent Black Mamba off, Ouyang Shuo returned to the Lord's Manor .

After they came back from Jingdou, Song Jia had already returned to Dongli Sword Sect . Currently, the huge Lord's Manor was really empty .

Bing'er was on her holidays now, so this little brat that had behaved herself for half a year could finally relax . At this time, she had brought little black and little white to god knows where to play .

This little brat was different from before; she wouldn't stick to her brother for the entire day .

After he drank a little wine, Ouyang Shuo felt slightly dizzy and just went back to his reading room to rest .

In the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo brought two Guards and went toward Research Institute No . 7 .

When he saw that it was the end of the year, Ouyang Shuo wanted to understand what the research institute had managed to do in half a year . As for what they did in their day to day workings, Ouyang Shuo didn't bother .

The research institute was located in the east region and its building style was similar to the Alchemy Workshop beside it . A huge empty space laid behind the institute—they used this area to test out their creations .

Sun Xiaoyue's grandpa, Old Sun had spent much of his time in the Beihai Shipyard . The ones mainly in the institute were alchemist Magnus and Thermal weapons master Liumo . They were currently moving toward steelmaking .

The work at the research institute made the Magnus really excited . When he saw Ouyang Shuo, he said warmly, “Oh! Lord, welcome, welcome!" As he spoke these words, he really wanted to hug Ouyang Shuo .

When the Guards behind Ouyang Shuo saw this, they immediately ran up . Their left hands ready to draw their swords, as they assumed a defensive position .

When Magnus saw such a situation, he laughed . Ouyang Shuo wasn't the small lord from before .

"Is Liumo here?" Ouyang Shuo hadn't seen his sworn brother in a long time .

As a westerner, Magnus was more open-minded . As such, he just laughed off this awkward situation and smiled, “Liumo is in the testing field . He’s testing out the steelmaking technique . "

"Oh? Has the steelmaking technique succeeded?" Ouyang Shuo felt delighted .

"Of course!"

"Go, let's go take a look!" Ouyang Shuo couldn't wait .

The olden Chinese steelmaking technique started during the Spring and Autumn Warring States Period . At the time, they mainly used two techniques—carburizing and decarburization . As the demand for steel increased, the supply couldn't keep up . At the later stages of the West Han period, the stir smelting technique came into being, which pushed steelmaking into its mature stage .

Smiths would forge iron at high heats for over a hundred times until it became elite steel . At the start of the Wei dynasty, the elite steelmaking technique became the most prosperous .

During the period of the Northern and Southern dynasties, steelmaking technology experienced another huge breakthrough with the perfusing steel method .

The perfusing steel method made use of both raw iron and worked iron . Raw iron had a high carbon content, as such its melting point was lower . The smiths let the melted raw iron perfuse into the gaps of the worked iron, which increased its carbon content and created steel .

During the Sui Tang period, this technique was commonly used and proliferated .

During the Song and Ming Dynasty, with cold smithing and air hardening techniques, the types of steel and their properties all increased . The steelmaking technology at that time led the world .

Unfortunately, during the Qing Dynasty, the king decided to lock up the country . As a result, China's technology didn't progress, and the westerners surpassed them .

The research institute had managed to recreate the perfusing steel technique from the Sui and Tang period .

As a thermal weapons expert, Liumo knew the olden steelmaking techniques like the back of his hand . He also had had access to the various books on the subject in the book collection house . Despite these factors, replicating the perfusing technique had a high level of difficulty .

The research institute had opened for half a year . After constant trial and error, they finally gained some results . If not, why would one say that technical manuals were precious? If they had one for the perfusing steel method, they wouldn't need to go through all these troubles .

In the backyard, there sat a huge furnace with a complete set of facilities .

Liumo busied himself in front of the furnace, as he taught the blacksmiths how to control the fire .

When they saw Ouyang Shuo, the blacksmiths bowed and greeted him .

Ouyang Shuo waved them off and asked them to continue their work .

"Brother Liu!" Ouyang Shuo called out .

As the territory expanded daily, Liumo and the other players' attitudes toward Ouyang Shuo changed . Although they didn't worship him like the aboriginal people, they wouldn't act so casual .

Liumo was a skill maniac . Hence, he didn't care much about such matters .

The two started talking in the backyard .

Based on Liumo's description, the perfusing steel method was only the first step .

Next, Liumo was prepared to build on the base of the perfusing steel method and breakthrough . Then, they could catch up with the western countries .

One factor was the choice of fuel .

Olden steelmaking used wood as fuel and didn't use any phosphorous solvents . As such, the amount of phosphor in the olden steel was very low . The temperature of the furnace was also too low and couldn’t merge the iron .

Liumo wanted to replace charcoal with coal .

Ouyang Shuo frowned; this was a problem . The main regions for coal in China was in the Mongol and the Henan region; Lianzhou totally didn't have any coal .

Feng Qiuhuang's Fallen Phoenix County coincidentally fell into the Henan Region .

It seems like he needed to have a good conversation with Feng Qiuhuang .

"About the coal, I will find a way to solve it . Big Brother Liu, you don't have to worry!"

"Great!" Liu Mo was elated .

As the steelmaking technique had already taken shape, Ouyang Shuo decided on the spot to create a large scale steel factory to satisfy the territorial steel needs .

For the location and construction, Ouyang Shuo gave all the authority to Liumo .

When he returned to the Lord's Manor, Ouyang Shuo immediately sent Feng Qiuhuang a letter to discuss the coal deal .

Ouyang Shuo wanted to invest in a large scale coal mine within her border through the Four Seas Bank . The coal obtained would specifically be sent to Shanhai County .

Of course, one needed to find a coal mining technical manual . If not, it would all be for naught .

Coal was called black stone during the olden times, and its uses weren't common . To find such a technical manual, one needed to spend a lot of effort .

Ouyang Shuo directly sought the help of the Hequanji Chamber of Commerce and the Cui Chamber of Commerce to help him search .

Mulan County, Lord's Manor .

After the New Years, the temperature in Lianzhou Basin started to slowly turn cold .

Looking out of her window, Mulan Yue was out of sorts . After coming back from Jingdou, she had heavy thoughts and would look out through the window in a daze .

If one didn't know, they would think that she was thinking about her lover .

Li Feixue stood behind her, as she played with the dagger in her hand . The dagger was really exquisite, a gift from Mulan Yue when they went to Jingdou .

After the battle of Zhennan Pass, Li Xuefei had joined Mulan County . At the start, her father's death made her very solemn and demoralized, but Mulan Yue's care helped her walk out of the shadow . Hence, she was very reliant on Mulan Yue .

So, she insisted on staying at Mulan Yue’s side to take the role of her personal guard .

Li Feixue might look like a small girl, but her martial arts skills weren't to be trifled with . With her by her side, Mulan Yue was safe . As such, Mu Guiying could spend most of her time in the barracks .

Without Mu Guiying, Mulan Yue became more independent and stronger . Her strength and ability started to show in the territory .

The little brat was able to aptly deal with territory matters .

Running a County was a big challenge to Mulan Yue .

Luckily, she had a talent for developing the economy of the territory . With her personality that didn't want to lose, she ran the county well .

If not, the Mulan Yue in Ouyang Shuo’s last life wouldn't be one of the three heads of the Lianzhou Basin, who would not lose in a battle against Ba Dao and Xiaofeng Canyue .

Her ability to learn from others was her strong point .

The local specialties of Shanhai County inspired her, so she pushed for cole planting .

As expected, the oil was very popular and helped the County profit .

Not only that, Mulan Yue also brought in the colored silkworms industry from Shanhai County and ran it well .

The economic ability of Mulan County wasn't that bad amongst the Shanhai Alliance .

In terms of administrative organization, she copied Shanhai County’s model .

Dealing with administrative matters was her weak point .

The NPCs that spawned, although they weren’t as old school as the olden chinese, but they still had doubts in a female lord .

This was the reason why most female lords couldn't become as famous .

Mulan Yue wasn't like Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang, who had a bunch of people at their sides . She lacked training, so she could only take things step by step in regards to administrative matters .

She passed a large portion of it to her subordinates to handle .

"Feixue, go call Sister Mu," Mulan Yue turned around and said .

"Ai!" Li Feixue replied . She stored her dagger and ran off . Her braid flung around in the air, and she looked really cute .

A few moments later, Mu Guiying rushed over .

"Sister, I thought about it . It's time to move Mulan County under Brother Wuyi's territory," Mulan Yue said something shocking; this was the matter on her mind . Finally, she had her answer .

Mu Guiying remained quiet . She knew that once Mulan Yue made a decision, it was hard to change it .

"Ok, let's make a trip to Shanhai County . "

"Sister, you agree?" Mulan Yue said happily .

"Of course, I support you!" When she saw Mulan Yue slowly grow, Mu Guiying felt happy .



* * *





Chapter 316




Chapter 316: TWO Chapter 316- Mulan Stronghold

Chapter 316- Mulan Stronghold

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Nora

Gaia 2nd year 5th day, Mulan Yue visited Shanhai County.

Before she came, Mulan Yue had already told Ouyang Shuo beforehand. Hence, Ouyang Shuo had made strict preparations. All four directors were present, including Baiqi and Du Ruhui, who had rushed back from the city west camp.

Ouyang Shuo also invited some of the members of the Shanhai Alliance to witness this historical moment together.

Mulan County officially left the Shanhai Alliance. It canceled the ally contracts and became a part of Shanhai Territory. They will leave all decisions—both internal and external—to Shanhai Territory.

Mulan Yue and Ouyang Shuo signed a contract that changed their relationship from allies to superior and subordinate.

Mulan County’s name will be changed to Mulan City.

They will set up the Mulan House, which included Mulan City and its three subsidiary counties, with Mulan City as the governing area.

Ouyang Shuo used his position as the Lianzhou Marquis to officially appoint her as the prefect of Mulan House. He also gave the people in Mulan House director level authority.

Hence, be it in theory or in actuality, Mulan County was now a part of Shanhai Territory.

Apart from his plans for Mulan House, Ouyang Shuo also had plans for Mulan Yue.

Mulan Yue was a rank 1 earl. Apart from Ouyang Shuo, she was the second noble in the territory. Hence, apart from the prefect position, Mulan Yue would also receive a noble’s treatment.

The Lianzhou Marquis could change the position based on appointment, but the noble title would forever remain.

Ouyang Shuo made Mulan House Mulan Yue's permanent residence. Additionally, 20% of the house’s income would enter her account as her expenses.

Apart from that, the Construction Division would build an earl manor in Shanhai County and Mulan City to act as her accommodation.

Ouyang Shuo's arrangements ensured that Mulan Yue's interests weren't affected. When the game ended, she could obtain high amounts of achievement value.

Bai Hua and the others were dazzled; they all had their own thoughts.

"Wuyi really put in a lot of effort and money into this."

"That's right. I’m actually a little envious of her. She became a noble and does not need to care about administrative matters. She is enjoying a status similar to a lord; she's living like a god!"

"...."

"If the other small lord's learned of this contact, they will be so envious that they vomit blood. The difference is like night and day!"

"How is that the same? Yue Yue is a member of the Shanhai Alliance!"

"That's right; it can't be compared!"

"I think that's enough. Even if you all are sucking up to Little Yue Yue, you don't need to exaggerate it so much, right?"

"..."

It wasn’t only Bai Hua and the others. Even Mu Guiying and the old members from Mulan County relaxed after they saw their princess being treated so well. Their fear of being ostracised disappeared.

After the ceremony ended, the other members of the Shanhai Alliance all left.

Ouyang Shuo asked Mu Guiying to stay behind to discuss the matter of military organization. Mulan Yue left the meeting hall. She was now only a prefect, so she wasn't involved in military matters.

Mulan City, as an ex-grade 3 city, had a similar military organization to Shanhai County. The three subsidiary territories all had a city protection unit; this didn't need reorganization.

The

main camp had four regiments, a total of 10 thousand people. They had one cavalry regiment, one sword-shield soldier regiment, and two archer regiments.

Ouyang Shuo wanted to recruit Mulan City's city protection regiment from the existing reserve forces. With these four regiments as a base, they would form up the 4th division of Shanhai County.

Mu Guiying would take up the role as the major general of the fourth division.

With that, the fourth division separated from the Mulan House; Baiqi and the Military Affairs Department would lead it. Similarly, the Lianzhou Lord would pay their salary.

The salary that Mulan Yue previously paid totally couldn't compare to Shanhai County’s salary. If one thought about it, the soldiers would gain an increased sense of belonging to Shanhai County.

This would also greatly benefit the reorganization of the Military Affairs Department.

After they formed the fourth division, Shanhai County would have four divisions that could take part in battles, which amounted to a total of 54 thousand men. Coincidentally, they could just form a legion.

Ouyang Shuo temporarily didn't have any plans to form a legion.

Be it in terms of military or administration, one needed to consider balance.

If they formed a legion, Baiqi was his only choice for General. Now, Baiqi didn't have an actual appointment. He mainly just needed to take charge of wartime commanding.

The moment he became the General, the situation would change. Baiqi would control all the forces, which will pose a huge challenge to Du Ruhui who Ouyang Shuo had just appointed.

Naturally, Ouyang Shuo wasn't afraid that Baiqi would betray him or something. However, he just needed to made a good environment for Du Ruhui.

He needed to wait until Du Ruhui had reestablished the prestige and position of the Military Affairs Department. Then, he could think about setting up the legion. At that time, a balance would be naturally reached.

Of course, be it Baiqi or Du Ruhui, they had to answer to Ouyang Shuo. He held the highest position in both military and administration. Everyone had to answer to him.

Returning to the topic.

The fourth division was a mix of infantry and cavalry. It was similar to the first division.

As for the base of the fourth division, it would be located at Zhennan Pass.

When he thought about Zhennan Pass, Ouyang Shuo had a headache.

The current pass was too small and at one side of the Basin. It was not suitable for investigating the situation of the enemies.

"Do any of you have any suggestions regarding the pass?" Ouyang Shuo asked.

The participants for this meeting, apart from Mu Guiying, were Baiqi and Du Ruhui.

Du Ruhui had just entered, so he wasn't familiar with the territory, especially in regards to the Zhennan Pass. So, he kept his silence and didn't voice out his opinion.

Baiqi had come a little earlier than Du Ruhui, but Zhennan Pass was under Mulan County's jurisdiction back then. As such, although he had heard of it, he didn't personally see it. Hence, he wouldn't voice his opinion.

Only Mu Guying could answer him.

She was very solemn; she naturally had the right to speak of Zhennan Pass. This was also the Marquis’ first test, so she had to show some skill.

She bowed toward Ouyang Shuo and cupped her fist toward Baiqi and Du Ruhui. Then, she said, “North of Zhennan Pass would be Xunzhou, where the Taiping Country uprising starts from. As expected, they will be our strongest enemy in the near future. Hence, before they have a firm footing, we must find a suitable spot in Xunzhou to set up a base. Only then can we advance and retreat as we wish."

"The current Zhennan Pass is old. If we place a large number of troops there, we cannot fend off the attack and defend Shanhai Prefecture. The pass is also too close to the Basin. To its north is a 100 meter long canyon. Out of it will be the Xunzhou area. I investigated before and found that the further north we went, the wider the canyon got. The exit is 100 meters wide. If the enemy builds a pass at the north exit, they could block off our route."

Ouyang Shuo nodded, everything had its pros and cons. Lianzhou Basin only needed to defend Zhennan Pass from external threats. Conversely, they could only use the pass to reach the outside world.

Mu Guiying continued, “My suggestion is to set up a large scale fortress at the north of the canyon. Then, we can station a large number of troops. Outside the fortress is all

plains, so we can attack Xunzhou at any time.”

Military fortress and a pass were two different concepts.

A pass had the function of collecting tax and acted as a passageway.

A military fortress was a small city. It had all the necessary facilities and had permanent defenses for long term defense.

A pass was easy to attack. On the other hand, attacking a military fortress was harder than ascending the heavens.

Her suggestion was similar to what Ouyang Shuo had in mind. He laughed, “Good, let's do it like that. The name of the fortress will be Mulan Stronghold. The Mulan House will be in charge of its design. The fourth division will be stationed there."

"Yes, my lord!"

After they set the direction, the Military Affairs Department handled the specific military organization. The various departments and divisions would work together on the design and construction. Ouyang Shuo didn't need to worry about that.

With the speed at which Taiping Country developed, there was definitely enough time to build the fortress.

Ouyang Shuo wanted to know what the forces of Taiping Country would feel when they waltz forward and saw such a gigantic fortress.

On the topic of Taiping Country, they should have made their move. Only thing was, which territory was the unlucky one that Hong Xiuquan first targeted.

Ouyang Shuo left the three of them to discuss, as he left the main hall and found Mulan Yue. He brought her to his reading room.

To tell the truth, Ouyang Shuo hadn’t expected her to make such a decision. For her to make this suggestion to him saved him that little bit of awkwardness.

This was why Ouyang Shuo felt a little closer to Mulan Yue.

The impression that she gave him was a little naive with a hint of annoyance.

But now, his view of her had totally changed.

On the surface, Mulan Yue was still clueless. As she followed him into the reading room, she looked around. She totally seemed like a curious little brat.

When he saw such a scene, Ouyang Shuo could only shake his head and sigh.

Toward Mulan Yue, Ouyang Shuo held high hopes. He hoped that her foresight wouldn't be restricted to Mulan House.

The future territory would be indescribably vast.

Ouyang Shuo hoped that she could fight forward and become a governor for him. A person who could help him defend an area.

Know how to make a map and want to earn some prize money and a chance to read ahead? click here to find out how! Send submissions to [email protected]!



* * *





Disclaimer





There is no guarantee the translation is 100% correct.



* * *



ASIANOVEL.COM wishes to emphasize that this translation is for review purposes only. We do not claim this intellectual property or any rights whatsoever.



* * *



Under no circumstances would you be allowed to take this work for commercial activities or for personal gain. ASIANOVEL.COM does not and will not condone any activities of such, including but not limited to rent, sell, print, auction.





